<doc id="29820756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820756" title="Indonesia–Netherlands relations">
Indonesia–Netherlands relations

Indonesia–Netherlands relations refers to relations between Indonesia and the Netherlands. Indonesia and the Netherlands share a special relationship, embedded in their shared history of colonial interactions for centuries. The relationship began during the spice trade as Netherlands established VOC trading post in what is now Indonesia, before colonising it as the Dutch East Indies until mid 20th century. Indonesia was the largest former Dutch colony. In the early 21st century, the Dutch government has committed to boosting its relationship with Indonesia, noting that economic, political and interpersonal contacts should be further strengthened.
History.
In 1603, the Dutch East India Company commenced operations in Indonesia where it fought battles to expand its domain. Though Indonesian history featured other European colonial regimes, it was the Dutch who solidified their hold on the country. After the Company's bankruptcy in 1800, the Dutch state took control of the archipelago in 1826. Following this the Dutch state also fought against the natives and then enforced a period of forced labour and indentured servitude until 1870 when, in 1901, they adopted the "Dutch Ethical Policy and Indonesian National Revival," which included a somewhat increased investment in indigenous education and modest political reforms. Only in the 20th century, however, was Dutch rule enhanced to what would become Indonesia. Following Japanese occupation during World War II, the Netherlands tried to re-establish their rule, amid a bitter armed and diplomatic struggle that ended in December 1949. International pressure then forced the Dutch to formally recognised Indonesian independence.
High level visit.
In 1970, Indonesian President Suharto paid an official visit to the Netherlands, which was reciprocated by Queen Juliana and Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands royal visit to Indonesia in 1971. Queen Beatrix and Prince Claus also paid a royal visit to Indonesia in 1995.
Political ties.
Relations between the two have been marred by the separatist intentions of the West Papua Movement. Additionally, the Republik Maluku Selatan is also seeks separation from Indonesia. In this vein, they have attacked targets in the Netherlands in the 1970s and 1980s, seeking to force the country to pressure Indonesia into allowing for the secession of their nation. Political ties were then strained as Indonesian officials refused to visit the Netherlands while the group was allowed to bring cases to court against them. In 2010, the Indonesia president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, canceled a visit to the Netherlands after the group's activists asked a Dutch court to issue an arrest warrant for him. The move was condemned by pro-Indonesia Moluccan activists in Jakarta.
However, the visit of the Dutch Minister of Foreign Affairs Bernard Bot to Indonesia in 2005 to celebrate its 60th independence day anniversary was claimed by the Netherlands to have "marked ahistoric moment in the relations between the two countries. After this visit, the relation between Indonesia and the Netherlands was further intensified and strengthened by the extension of the cooperation in a wide range of fields."
Economy and trade.
The Netherlands is one of Indonesia’s most important trade partners in Europe. Trade between the two countries in between January and September 2012 reached US$3.314 billion, while efforts are currently underway to further boost that figure.
The Port of Rotterdam and Schiphol Airport have been the main entry points for Indonesian products into the European Union. Similarly, Dutch companies have seen Indonesia as their gateway to the larger ASEAN market, which is home to more than 500 million people.
Military ties.
The Indonesian military still sometimes buys equipment from the Dutch.
Cultural relations.
Traces of Dutch influences in Indonesia include Dutch origin loanwords in Indonesian and cuisine. Some Indonesian dishes have been adopted and, in turn, influenced Dutch cuisine.
Though cultural relations are no longer strong, Christianity in Indonesia was a result of proselytisation by mainly Dutch missionaries. There is also a large Indonesian population in the Netherlands. Many have set up their own churches in what has been termed as a "reverse mission," referring to the Dutch missionaries in the colonies.
Another legacy of colonial rule in Indonesia is the legal system that was inherited from the Dutch. In 2009, the Dutch Minister of Justice Ernst Hirsch Ballin visited in Indonesia in what some considered a stepping stone to reforming its legal system.
Through centuries of colonial relations, numbers of cultural institutions in the Netherlands — such as Tropenmuseum and Rijksmuseum voor Volkenkunde in Leiden — has large collections of Indonesian archaeology and ethnology artifacts. Both are the leading center of Indonesian studies in Europe, specialized in its culture, history, archaeology and ethnography. The Erasmus Huis — the Netherlands' cultural centre — was established in 1970 in Jakarta. It was meant as cultural cooperation to promote art and cultural exchanges between Indonesia and the Netherlands. Besides many exhibitions, music performances and films screenings, some lectures on Dutch and Indonesian culture are being held on a regular basis in their auditorium and gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="29820771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820771" title="Lisa Smith">
Lisa Smith

Lisa Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29820802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820802" title="Coronal radiative losses">
Coronal radiative losses

In astronomy and in astrophysics, for radiative losses of the solar corona, it is meant the energy flux irradiated from the external atmosphere of the Sun (traditionally divided into chromosphere, transition region and corona), and, in particular, the processes of production of the radiation coming from the solar corona and transition region, where the plasma is optically-thin. On the contrary, in the chromosphere, where the temperature decreases from the photospheric value of 6000 K to the minimum of 4400 K, the optical depth is about 1, and the radiation is thermal.
The corona extends much further than a solar radius from the photosphere and looks very complex and inhomogeneous in the X-rays images taken by satellites (see the figure on the right taken by the XRT on board Hinode).
The structure and dynamics of the corona are dominated by the solar magnetic field. There are strong evidences that even the heating mechanism, responsible for its high temperature of million degrees, is linked to the magnetic field of the Sun.
The energy flux irradiated from the corona changes in active regions, in the quiet Sun and in coronal holes; actually, part of the energy is irradiated outwards, but approximately the same amount of the energy flux is conducted back towards the chromosphere, through the steep transition region. In active regions the energy flux is about 107 erg cm−2sec−1, in the quiet Sun it is roughly 8 105 – 106 erg cm−2sec−1, and in coronal holes 5 105 - 8 105 erg cm−2sec−1, including the losses due to the solar wind.
The required power is a small fraction of the total flux irradiated from the Sun, but this energy is enough to maintain the plasma at the temperature of million degrees, since the density is very low and the processes of radiation are different from those occurring in the photosphere, as it is shown in detail in the next section.
Processes of radiation of the solar corona.
The electromagnetic waves coming from the solar corona are emitted mainly in the X-rays. This radiation is not visible from the Earth because it is filtered by the atmosphere. Before the first rocket missions, the corona could be observed only in white light during the eclipses, while in the last fifty years the solar corona has been photographed in the EUV and X-rays by many satellites (Pioneer 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, Helios, Skylab, SMM, NIXT, Yohkoh, SOHO, TRACE, Hinode).
The emitting plasma is almost completely ionized and very light, its density is about 10−16 - 10−14 g/cm3. Particles are so isolated that almost all the photons can leave the Sun's surface without interacting with the matter above the photosphere: in other words, the corona is transparent to the radiation and the emission of the plasma is optically-thin. The Sun's atmosphere is not the unique example of X-ray source, since hot plasmas are present wherever in the Universe: from stellar coronae to thin galactic halos. These stellar environments are the subject of the X-ray astronomy.
In an optically-thin plasma the matter is not in thermodynamical equilibrium with the radiation, because collisions between particles and photons are very rare, and, as a matter of fact, the square root mean velocity of photons, electrons, protons and ions is not the same: we should define a temperature for each of these particle populations. The result is that the emission spectrum does not fit the spectral distribution of a blackbody radiation, but it depends only on those collisional processes which occur in a very rarefied plasma.
While the Fraunhofer lines coming from the photosphere are absorption lines, principally emitted from ions which absorb photons of the same frequency of the transition to an upper energy level, coronal lines are emission lines produced by metal ions which had been excited to a superior state by collisional processes. Many spectral lines are emitted by highly ionized atoms, like calcium and iron, which have lost most of their external electrons; these emission lines can be formed only at certain temperatures, and therefore their individuation in solar spectra is sufficient to determine the temperature of the emitting plasma.
Some of these spectral lines can be forbidden on the Earth: in fact, collisions between particles can excite ions to metastable states; in a dense gas these ions immediately collide with other particles and so they de-excite with an allowed transition to an intermediate level, while in the corona it is more probable that this ion remains in its metastable state, until it encounters a photon of the same frequency of the forbidden transition to the lower state. This photon induces the ion to emit with the same frequency by stimulated emission. Forbidden transitions from metastable states are often called as satellite lines.
The Spectroscopy of the corona allows the determination of many physical parameters of the emitting plasma. Comparing the intensity in lines of different ions of the same element, temperature and density can be measured with a good approximation: the different states of ionization are regulated by the Saha equation.
The Doppler shift gives a good measurement of the velocities along the line of sight but not in the perpendicular plane.
The line width should depend on the Maxwell–Boltzmann distribution of velocities at the temperature of line formation (thermal line broadening), while it is often larger than predicted.
The widening can be due to pressure broadening, when collisions between particles are frequent, or it can be due to turbulence: in this case the line width can be used to estimate the macroscopic velocity also on the Sun's surface, but with a great uncertainty.
The magnetic field can be measured thanks to the line splitting due to the Zeeman effect.
Optically-thin plasma emission.
The most important processes of radiation for an optically-thin plasma
are
Therefore, the radiative flux can be expressed as the sum of three terms:
formula_1
where formula_2 is the number of electrons per unit volume, formula_3 the ion number density, formula_4 the Planck constant, formula_5 the frequency of the emitted radiation corresponding to the energy jump formula_6, formula_7 the coefficient of collisional de-excitation relative to the ion transition, formula_8 the radiative losses for plasma recombination and formula_9 the bremsstrahlung contribution.
The first term is due to the emission in every single spectral line. With a good approximation, the number of occupied states at the superior level formula_10 and the number of states at the inferior energy level formula_11 are given by the equilibrium between collisional excitation and spontaneous emission
formula_12
where formula_13
is the transition probability of spontaneous emission.
The second term formula_8 is calculated as the energy emitted per unit volume and time when free electrons are captured from ions to recombinate into neutral atoms (dielectronic capture).
The third term formula_9 is due to the electron scattering by protons and ions because of the Coulomb force: every accelerated charge emits radiation according to classical elettrodynamics. This effect gives an appreciable contribution to the continuum spectrum only at the highest temperatures, above 10 MK.
Taking into account all the dominant radiation processes, including satellite lines from metastable states, the emission of an optically-thin plasma can be expressed more simply as
formula_16
where formula_17 depends only on the temperature. In fact, all the radiation mechanisms require collisional processes and basically depend on the squared density (formula_18). The integral of the squared density along the line of sight is called emission measure and is often used in X-ray astronomy.
The function formula_17 has been modeled by many authors but many discrepancies are still in these calculations: differences derive essentially on the spectral lines they include in their models and on the atomic parameters they use.
In order to calculate the radiative flux from an optically-thin plasma, it can be used the linear fitting applied to some model calculations by Rosner et al. (1978)
In c.g.s. unit, in erg cm3 s−1, the function P(T) can be approximated as:
formula_20
formula_21
formula_22
formula_23
formula_24
formula_25

</doc>
<doc id="29820807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820807" title="Bill Cunningham New York">
Bill Cunningham New York

Bill Cunningham New York is a 2010 documentary film directed by Richard Press and produced by Philip Gefter. "Bill Cunningham New York" is distributed by Zeitgeist Films and was released in theaters on March 16, 2011.
Synopsis.
"We all get dressed for Bill", says "Vogue" editor Anna Wintour. The Bill in question is "New York Times" photographer Bill Cunningham. For decades, this Schwinn-riding cultural anthropologist has been obsessively and inventively chronicling fashion trends and high-society charity soirées for the "Times"s Style section in his columns "On the Street" and "Evening Hours".
Full of uptown fixtures (such as Wintour, Tom Wolfe, Brooke Astor, David Rockefeller—who all appear in the film), downtown eccentrics and everyone in between, Cunningham's enormous body of work documents its time and place as well as individual flair. "Bill Cunningham New York" portrays the man at work (on the street and at the office) and at home (a Carnegie Hall studio).
Release.
"Bill Cunningham New York" played at New York City's Film Forum from March 16 to 29, 2011 before opening in theaters in a limited release around the United States.
Reviews.
The film was critically well-received, garnering a 99% approval rating on movie review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes. The Hollywood Reporter described "Bill Cunningham New York" as a "Fascinating doc about a photographer surveying the highs and lows of New York society." New York Magazine chose "Bill Cunningham New York" as one of their Critics' Picks. Roger Ebert gave the film four out of four stars, writing "This movie made me happy every moment I was watching it."

</doc>
<doc id="29820809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820809" title="Charlie Jackson (baseball)">
Charlie Jackson (baseball)

Charles Herbert "Lefty" Jackson (February 7, 1894 – May 27, 1968) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Chicago White Sox and Pittsburgh Pirates.

</doc>
<doc id="29820810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820810" title="Lewis Cass Ledyard">
Lewis Cass Ledyard

Lewis Cass Ledyard (April 4, 1851 – January 27, 1932) was a New York City lawyer, a name partner at the firm Carter Ledyard & Milburn, personal counsel to J.P. Morgan, and a president of the New York City Bar Association.
Early life.
Lewis Cass Ledyard was born in Detroit, Michigan, in 1851, to an established American family. His grandfather, General Lewis Cass, had been governor of the Michigan Territory and a United States senator from the state of Michigan, and served as secretary of state under President James Buchanan. His ancestors included Major-General Joseph Spencer, who served in the American Revolution under George Washington, and William Livingston, the first governor of New Jersey.
His father, Henry Ledyard, was a lawyer, diplomat, and mayor of Detroit. His mother, Matilda Frances, was the daughter of General Cass. Lewis Cass Ledyard was the fourth child in a family of three daughters and two sons. His older brother, Henry Brockholst Ledyard, later became president of the Michigan Central Railroad and a well-known philanthropist.
Education.
Lewis Cass Ledyard matriculated at Columbia College in 1868, but transferred after his freshman year to Harvard, where he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1872. He subsequently attended Harvard Law School, where he graduated with Master of Arts and Bachelor of Laws degrees in 1875. He then moved to New York City, where he was admitted to the bar in 1875, becoming a sixth generation lawyer in his family.
Practice.
In 1875, Ledyard was introduced to the lawyer James C. Carter, and joined his firm, then known as Scudder & Carter, the same year. He was admitted to partnership in 1880. In 1904, the lawyer John G. Milburn of Buffalo joined, creating the modern firm of Carter, Ledyard & Milburn.
Ledyard, who had a personal interest in sailing, began his practice in admiralty law, but soon expanded into general practice. Following the passage of the Sherman Antitrust Act in 1890, Ledyard became a prominent adviser to the steel, petroleum, and tobacco industries. In 1911, when the United States Supreme Court ruled the American Tobacco Company to be in violation of the Sherman Act, Ledyard oversaw the company’s corporate restructuring. Ledyard also served as counsel to the United States Steel Corporation and the New York Stock Exchange, as well as personal counsel to John Pierpont Morgan.
In 1903, Ledyard also oversaw the passage of a bill in the New York State Legislature requiring the electrification of the rail lines at Grand Central Station following a deadly train collision in 1902. The bill and subsequent improvements resulted in the covering of the railroad tracks outside the station, the extension of Park Avenue, and the expansion of valuable real estate in the surrounding area.
Civic involvement.
In addition to his professional career, Ledyard was a prominent figure in New York society and civic life. Along with John Lambert Cadwalader, he was a founder of the New York Public Library. He served as a trustee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Pierpont Morgan Library, and was a vice president of the Frick Collection of Art.
He served on a number of corporate boards including First National Bank of New York, United States Trust Company of New York, Great Northern Paper Company, American Express Company, Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company, National Park Bank, and several railroads.
Death.
Lewis Cass Ledyard died at his home in New York City on January 27, 1932.
He was buried at the Island Cemetery in Newport, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="29820816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820816" title="Alice Smith (disambiguation)">
Alice Smith (disambiguation)

Alice Smith (born 1978) is an American singer and songwriter.
Alice Smith may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29820853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820853" title="Allison Smith">
Allison Smith

Allison Smith (or Alison Smith) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29820857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820857" title="Minodronic acid">
Minodronic acid

Minodronic acid is a third-generation bisphosphonate drug. It is approved for use in Japan for the treatment of osteoporosis. Its mechanism of action involves inhibition of farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase activity.

</doc>
<doc id="29820876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820876" title="Mark Costello (author)">
Mark Costello (author)

Mark Costello, a native of Decatur, Illinois, is the author of the story collections "The Murphy Stories" (University of Illinois Press, 1973), which won the St. Lawrence Award for Short Fiction, and "Middle Murphy" (University of Illinois Press, 1991). "The Murphy Stories" has received praise and one of its stories, "Murphy's Xmas" was anthologized in several collections.
Costello taught for many years at the University of Illinois-Urbana as a creative writing instructor, and served as a visiting writer at many universities and colleges. He held the Endowed Chair in Creative Writing at the University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa and was writer-in-residence at the University of Iowa Writers Workshop for one year.
His story "Room 601" has received praise. Costello is known for his careful, exacting use of language, and the introspective nature of his characters. The stories are set in central Illinois and feature a hard-drinking, hard-living character, Michael Murphy.
Costello's work has appeared in literary magazines and anthologies, including "The Norton Anthology of Short Fiction", "The Norton Anthology of Contemporary Fiction", and "Best American Short Stories". He is not related to the Mark Costello who wrote "" (1990), with David Foster Wallace.

</doc>
<doc id="29820886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820886" title="Mark Costello">
Mark Costello

Mark Costello may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29820906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820906" title="Yrjö Jahnsson">
Yrjö Jahnsson

Yrjö Jahnsson (1877–1936) was a Finnish economics professor at the University of Helsinki (appointed 1911). In the early 1930s he was openly critical of the strict monetary policy of the "orthodox" government and central bank. Ideologically he was a supporter of the Fennoman movement. During the 1920s and 1930s he was successful in business and made a substantial amount of money, which was used by his wife (Hilma Jahnsson (1882–1975)) to establish the Yrjö Jahnsson Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="29820924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820924" title="1915 Massillon Tigers season">
1915 Massillon Tigers season

The 1915 Massillon Tigers football season was their sixth season in existence, and their first season since 1907. The team posted a 5–2 record and obtained a share of the 1915 Ohio League Championship, with the Canton Bulldogs and the Youngstown Patricians.

</doc>
<doc id="29820965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29820965" title="Herce">
Herce

Herce is a town and municipality in La Rioja province in northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="29821006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821006" title="Vincent Ryan (bishop)">
Vincent Ryan (bishop)

The Rt Rev Vincent William Ryan (8 December 1816 – January 11 1888), DD was the inaugural Bishop of Mauritius from 1854 to 1869.<br>
He was educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, and ordained in 1842 On his return from Mauritius he became Rector of Bedale.
After holding for just four months the archdeaconry of Suffolk, Ryan became rector of St. Nicholas, Guildford, and commissary of Winchester. In May 1870 he was transferred to the vicarage of Bradford, Yorkshire. He was rural dean from 1870 to 1876, and in 1875 became archdeacon of Craven and commissary to the bishop of Ripon. In 1872 he went on a special mission to Mauritius. In August 1880 Ryan became vicar of St. Peter's, Bournemouth, and in 1881 rector of Middleham, from where he moved in 1883 to the rectory of Stanhope, Durham. 
He died at Stanhope on 11 January 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="29821097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821097" title="Red Ostergard">
Red Ostergard

Roy Lund "Red" Ostergard (May 16, 1896 – January 13, 1977) was a pinch hitter in Major League Baseball. He was born in Denmark, Wisconsin, and attended college at Southwestern University.
In 1921, Ostergard made his major league debut with the Chicago White Sox. He was inserted as a pinch hitter 11 times that summer, hit 4 singles, and scored 2 runs. That was the only time he ever appeared in the majors.
Ostergard then played in the Texas League from 1923 to 1925. He put up good hitting numbers there, batting over .320 all three seasons and hitting a total of 59 home runs. He then spent one year in the Southern Association and one year in the South Atlantic League.
Ostergard died in 1977, in Hemet, California.

</doc>
<doc id="29821131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821131" title="SKU College of Engineering and Technology">
SKU College of Engineering and Technology

Sri Krishnadevaraya University College of Engineering And Technology came into existence in 2006 to mark the Silver Jubilee celebrations of the Sri Krishnadevaraya University. It offers four engineering branches - Computer Science and Engineering, Electronics and Communications Engineering and Biotech initially and Electrical and Electronics Engineering from the academic year 2009-10.
Location.
The college is located in Anantapur district, Andhra Pradesh, India, 10 km away from Anantapur city bus stand and railway station.
Courses offered.
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) a four year degree in four disciplines:

</doc>
<doc id="29821183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821183" title="1917 Canton Bulldogs season">
1917 Canton Bulldogs season

The 1917 Canton Bulldogs season was their eleventh season in the Ohio League. The team finished with a 9–1 record and captured their third Ohio League championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="29821189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821189" title="Charles Tranberg">
Charles Tranberg

Charles M. Tranberg (born March 5, 1968) is a film historian and biographer. He has written seven books which were published by BearManor Media: 

</doc>
<doc id="29821197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821197" title="William James Reddin">
William James Reddin

Dr. William James Reddin (May 10, 1930 - June 20, 1999) was a British-born management behavioralist, theorist, writer, and consultant. His published works examined and explained how managers in profit and non-profit organizations behaved under certain situations and conditions. The focus of his work was to understand to what extent managers were effective in their role and successful in managing situations to have the right impact on the organization’s objectives.
Through extensive research Reddin concluded that there is no ideal management style. He put forward that there was only one realistic and unambiguous definition of managerial effectiveness, the extent to which a manager or leader achieves the output requirements of the position. This is the manager’s or leader’s only job: to be effective.
Reddin was often quoted as saying both in his writings, to his clients and to his students, that there is no ideal style of managing; and there is no one way to make an organization more effective. He wrote in his 1988 book, "The Output Oriented Manager", “… no list exists in the world showing characteristics of effective managers, or, of effective organizations, which apply generally.’’ He went on to write that his works’ intent were to serve as a substitute for prescriptive management-guru advice prevalent in modern business, to enable the manager and leader in diagnosing what is the true situation and what are the true needs. They served managers and leaders to make sound decisions on how best to arrive at their planned objectives. This concept of managerial effectiveness is the central issue of Reddin’s research, teachings, writings, diagnostic material and in his consulting and training.
Reddin advanced a theory to explain a critical and fundamental aspect of organizational success. He called it the 3D Theory.
This theory was contrary to popular management-belief at the time. Where Bill Reddin maintained that managerial effectiveness is defined in terms of output rather than input, meaning what they achieve rather than what they do, his colleagues in behavioralist studies and human psychology held that there were indeed ideal styles of management behavior.
Personal life and foundations of his philosophy.
Bill Reddin was born in 1930 to a working-class family with a variety music hall background. Due to the war years the early part being an evacuee then the loss of the family home during an air raid he experienced many schools in several different towns.
At the age of 14+ he left school and took up a position in a local factory as opportunities to continue his education were not an option at that time.
In December 1947 after much family consultation he emigrated to Canada. For 5 years he lived with one of his sister’s, who married a Canadian, and her family in Fredericton, New Brunswick. He held various jobs during this time from street sweeping to a lab assistant until he joined the Canadian army as a radio operator - signal man.
While in the army he completed high school through correspondence courses. In 1950 he entered the University of New Brunswick at the age of 20. He graduated with honors holding a dual major in economics and in psychology.
During these years in university he continued working odd jobs saving enough money to attend Harvard Business School. While at Harvard, his thinking about the impact of management on a society of people, and the social responsibility of organizations began to form.
He took exception that certain subjects like ethics were not part of the course offerings nor part of the curriculum’s dialogue. He had a visceral reaction against what he called the ‘’crown prince mentality’’ and the emphasis on winners over losers. In his two years at Harvard Business School he was dismayed that they were assigned only one book on exploring organization and people which was Carl Roger’s "Counseling and Psychotherapy". ‘’Beyond that we received no advice, no lectures and three cases to talk about each day!” he later wrote. Out of this expertise came his thinking around "compassionate management," akin to a "do unto others" approach. He wrote that it is important to ‘'consider the enterprise not only as a technical or administrative system but also a human system."
In subsequent years he encouraged his own students to be widely read not just on business, management and behavior, but the works of such authors as "St Ignatius of Loyola’s Spiritual Exercises", and "The Rule of St Benedict", both of which are works on military history and strategy. These writer’s, he contended, had unique and humane insights to management where the object is not just getting results, but that the result is done right for the good of society at large.
Reddin received a Sloan Doctoral Fellowship from the MIT Sloan School of Management following graduation from Harvard. It was at MIT that he began to evolve his theories on managerial effectiveness interwoven with the responsibility of an organization’s impact on society or the social system it served.
In his seminal article, "Any Manager’s Responsibility" he explained his thinking in the opening paragraph:
In 1965, Reddin joined the faculty of the University of New Brunswick Business School. For the next 17 years he established himself as a leading academic, thinker, writer and consultant on management. His home in Fredericton served as a forum for students and scholars to discuss ideas and issues governing management and organizations. Even when he travelled for work he left a key on the door ledge for students to let themselves in to browse among his over 30,000 volumes in his library. This library served as a sort commons rooms for students and thinkers alike. Reddin was a chef as well as wine connoisseur and students found themselves debating the concept of Reddin’s 3D Theory, and Management by Objectives (MbO) over bottles of wonderful wines and gourmet dinners many a late night.
In 1974, he left the world of academia, to apply his action-oriented work into practice. He founded what is today Reddin Consultants. Over the next 40 years his clients included Fortune 500 and other global multinationals including Kodak, Westinghouse, Ford, Siemens, Westpac and Martin Marietta. He continued to research and write extensively about management effectiveness until his death. 
Today, Reddin Consultants provide management consulting services in locations all over the Americas, Africa and Europe offering a wide array of customized solutions, assessment instruments, managerial effectiveness training, high potential development programs, online resources, and leadership coaching with the objective to help people to release the power of management to achieve more than they imagined for their organizations, their markets, and, their stakeholders.
The 3D Theory.
Reddin’s extensive research published in his 1983 PhD thesis, "Managerial Effectiveness and Style: Individual or Situation" strongly indicated that the notion of a single ideal management style was not sound nor useful. He recognized that it was a manager’s effectiveness as key to an organization’s success. He maintained that managerial styles are best understood in relation to specific situations, to the effectiveness it had on advancing the goals and success of an organization.
"Any managerial style has a situation appropriate to it, and many situations inappropriate to it…", Reddin wrote in his book that explains his theories and models, called "Managerial Effectiveness" published in 1984. "…The added third dimension could be labeled appropriateness of style to situation" or, effectiveness —in having the right impact.
The 3D Theory essentially is a comprehensive framework emphasizing concepts and relationships rather than descriptions. It was designed to serve as a practical tool for managers and team leaders showing effectiveness as a central value. ‘’At the heart of the 3D Theory there is a simple idea,’’ he wrote, ‘’ which he discovered through a long series of research studies, and in close collaboration with key thinkers and teachers and writers on organizational development and psychology.
Psychologists worked out that there were two main elements in managerial behavior which concerned the task to be done and the relationships with other people. They also recognized that managers or team leaders sometimes emphasized one, and sometimes emphasized the other, and that these two elements of behavior could be used in small or in large amounts. A manager could be more task oriented (dedicated managerial style) at times, or relationship oriented (related managerial style), use less task oriented and relationship orientation to manage the team (separated managerial style) or both behaviors could be used together (integrated managerial style).
These four basic styles represent four types of managerial behavior. Reddin was clear that not all types of managerial behavior fit cleanly into these four types, but served as the general framework for his 3D Theory. Since no one managerial style is always effective, and his research showed that any of these four basic styles could be effective in certain situations and not effective in others. The effectiveness was contingent on the situation in which they are applied. Effectiveness is the third dimension - each one of the four basic styles has a less effective equivalent and a more effective equivalent. Therefore, these 8 managerial styles are not 8 additional kinds of management behavior. These are the names given to the four basic style when used effectively or appropriately, or less effectively. The dimensionality of effectiveness comes into play along the x/y axis of Task Orientation (TO) and Relationship Orientation (RO).
He understood that managerial styles themselves represent fairly wide ranges of behavior. And, that managerial styles could not be defined solely with reference to effectiveness as behavior. Included in his model of the 3D Theory are two key concepts of flexibility and rigidity—to the extent which a manager or leader is versatile in managing their style for the right impact.
Reddin developed a methodology to support his research and teachings. He created diagnostic and testing material to solidify the concept of the dimensions of managerial effectiveness. He reinforced this material with a series of training modules applied to a wide variety of organizations across geographies and cultures. He called this 3D Managerial Effectiveness. Once an assessment has been made of managerial style, this followed clear considerations to plainly indicate managerial effectiveness: mastery of task orientation and relationship orientation, and the demand of the situation in which it is applied.
Reddin’s work and that of his writing and research fused his foundational theory that it is every manager's job to make the organization more effective "ensuring the right results are generated".
Influences.
Bill Reddin frequently referred to himself as an occupational sociologist, concerned with people and their work effectiveness. He was deeply steeped in the thinking and research of many of his predecessors and contemporaries in organizational behavior. It comes as no surprise that he was drawn to the thinking, writing and work of number of critical colleagues and teachers who in turn influenced his understanding of people and organizations. Among these are Peter Drucker, Douglas McGregor, and Kurt Lewin.
Peter Drucker.
Bill Reddin’s Model of Managerial Effectiveness is a practical application of Peter Drucker’s (1909–2005) theories of Management by Objectives. Drucker coined the concept of knowledge workers and the overarching emphasis on effectiveness especially among the executive strata of an organization by being objective oriented.
"Efficiency is doing things right," Drucker wrote in "The Effective Executive", stressing that "Effectiveness is doing the right things." What's true for individual managers is also true for organizations, which often squander time and resources trying to improve processes for products not worth producing.
Drucker out forward that effectiveness in leadership is learned, "To be effective is the job of the executive… whether he works in a business or in a hospital, in a government agency or in a labor union, in a university or in the army, the executive is, first of all, expected to get the right things done."
In Drucker’s 1954 book "The Practice of Management" Drucker introduced the ideas around Management by Objectives (MbO). A perceptive observer of behavior, Drucker recognized that in the daily churn of work, employees become so focused on the job at-hand they forget why they're doing it. Drucker called this "the activity trap" and proposed Management by Objectives as a way to avoid it.
“Objectives are needed in every area where performance and results directly and vitally affect the survival and prosperity of the business,‘’ wrote Drucker, and the first requirement, he continues, ‘’… in managing managers is by objectives…” With MbO, employees participate in establishing and setting goals with performance evaluations stemming on how they fulfill those goals. In this way, managers can focus on the "what" rather than the "how." "Management by Objective works--if you know the objective," Drucker wrote, however, he also concluded that "Ninety percent of the time you don't."
Reddin put forward that effectiveness of knowledge workers can be measured by looking at the position held by the manager and the demanded impact of that role: what outputs are required. Both the idea of effectiveness, and its demand expectations and measuring outputs influenced Reddin’s thinking and publications specifically in "Effective Management by Objectives", "Managerial Effectiveness", and the training material and diagnostic tests that he developed. He too maintained that, fundamentally, effectiveness needs to be trained.
Out of this thinking came Reddin’s 3D Theory, followed by his books "The Output Oriented Manager" and "The Output Oriented Organization".
Most importantly, from Drucker’s demand that objectives be measured, Reddin developed a model and methodology that evolved Drucker’s work to the extent that MbO and effectiveness can be taught, delivered, clearly measured for the right impact to managers and organization- wide.
Where Drucker’s work was applied one-to-one, Reddin operationalized Drucker’s practice to execute the model on a one-to-many basis. 
Douglas McGregor.
His influence on Reddin is through McGregor’s work on the basic conflict between the needs of the worker and the needs of the organization.
Douglas McGregor (1906–1964) was a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sloan School of Management, and, President of Antioch College from 1948 to 1954. In the early 1960s McGregor described two very different views towards workforce motivation. He maintained that companies followed either one or the other approach as discussed in his book, "The Human Side of Enterprise" describing the traditional view of people at work in terms of Theory X, and a more contemporary attitude towards employee defined in terms of Theory Y. These two theories make the following assumptions:
This trusting climate is one that fosters input to decision-making so that subordinates have buy in to commitments that influence them. In this, Theory Y is a positive view towards the human resources of an organization.
McGregor delineates these two distinct managerial styles as extreme to make a clear argument. In order to integrate an organization with individual needs there must be an ideal type class. In effect, he proposed that one type of management is better than other. 
Through this, Reddin advances towards another theory, Theory Z put forward by Abraham Maslow in his paper on "Theory Z" in 1970. Reddin’s 3D Theory is based in part on these three views of man, but it is the rational situationist view of man (Theory Z) to which Reddin holds:
Reddin often discussed this point of view, usually in context of why MbO most often fails. He believed that it was a matter of commitment to objectives, by creating objectives that motivates and engages an individual. They must be grounded in reality. There must be an appropriate amount of participation for the given situation. This empowers managers to be effective.
Kurt Lewin.
Reddin designed and developed the diagnostic material and training elements to improve managerial effectiveness in the 3D Managerial Effectiveness Seminar also referred to as "Unfreezing". The basis of this seminar stems from the research findings of Kurt Lewin (1890–1947).
Lewin was a psychologist, recognized as one of the modern pioneers of social, organizational and applied psychology. He was one of the first to study and write about group dynamics and organizational development. Of his many accomplishments and significant positions he held over his lifetime, he served as director of the Center for Group Dynamics at MIT where Reddin eventually did his post fellowship. Group dynamics, or the phrase "group process" is about exploring the behavior of people in groups, such as task-oriented groups, that are trying to problem-solve or make a decision.
While working at MIT in 1946, Lewin examined issues governing prejudices and set up a workshop to conduct a 'change' experiment. This laid the foundation for what was later known as sensitivity training. It led to the establishment of the National Training Laboratories (NTL) in Bethel Maine in 1947.
For Reddin, the Group Dynamics School held keen interest in its exploration of the interaction among people, the emphasis on the informal organization, lowering the power differential between the superior and the subordinate and the rich thinking that emanates from working in groups rather than individual dynamics. Reddin wrote extensively about situational sensitivity as one of the critical elements of managerial effectiveness in his 3D Theory. This also ties into his affiliation with Theory Z as well as recognizing the dimensions of Theory Y managers.
Lewin’s studies and work on leadership climates, and, on the change process also deeply influenced Reddin’s research and future writings, training and development of his diagnostic material on effectiveness. Broadly, in Reddin’s book, "The Output Oriented Organization", it was designed around Lewin’s work on change in the social systems and the ability to understand it the same way as physical change. This is seen in Lewin's research in unfreezing.
Lewin’s early model of change was described it in terms of a three stage process, and served as a corner piece to Reddin’s work on helping managers and leaders become effective. In Lewin’s change model he called the first stage "unfreezing" involving overcoming inertia and dismantling an existing mind-set. He saw this mind-set as a defense mechanism that needed to be circumvented. Change occurs at the second stage — this is a period wrought with confusion as the individual transitions from a previous mind-set to a new way of looking at and thinking of things. Their frame of reference is being challenged and clarity as to what is replacing it has yet to materialize. 
The final stage is when the individual understands clearly what needs to change and establishing a comfort level going forward forming a new mind-set. Reddin explains his synthesis of Lewin’s research in the preface of "The Output Oriented Organization":
Concepts.
Two concepts are at the heart of Reddin's work: effectiveness and objectives synthesized as follows:
Objectives.
Objectives form the basis of the link between corporate strategy and managerial appraisal.
To make the concept of output orientation operational for an organization, it must be linked with objectives. This is easily done by use of the following (linked) ideas:
While the concept of objectives is central in output orientation, the other four ideas (managerial effectiveness, effectiveness areas, measurement areas and authority areas) are the foundations of any objectives that are set; and only with an understanding of these will the objectives be sound.
Author and Main Works.
William James Reddin died June 20, 1999 in London of natural causes at the age of 69. His work and thinking continues to be especially popular in Europe, Latin America, and Canada.
Reddin’s 23 books have been translated into 12 languages.
He designed and authored over 40 management diagnostic tests, training material, workbooks to support his model and methodology in an applied way within organizations including:
He wrote books on finance and savings as well as a contributing author to a number of books including:

</doc>
<doc id="29821239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821239" title="Southwestern Arkansas and Indian Territory Railroad">
Southwestern Arkansas and Indian Territory Railroad

The Southwestern Arkansas and Indian Territory Railroad was a railroad in the U.S. state of Arkansas in the late 19th century. The 10-mile-long, narrow gauge line opened in July 1887 as an extension between Smithton and Hebron in Cleveland County, Arkansas. The line was converted to in 1891.
The line was sold at foreclosure on 13 March 1900 after receivership was begun in March 1896, and reorganized on 28 April 1900 as the Arkansas Southwestern Railway Co.

</doc>
<doc id="29821253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821253" title="Bustard Head Light">
Bustard Head Light

Bustard Head Light is an active lighthouse located on the southeast tip of Bustard Head, a headland, about northwest of 1770, Queensland, Australia, within the Eurimbula National Park. Built in 1868, it is the second oldest lightstation in Queensland, following Cape Moreton Light, and the first to be built in Queensland after its formation in 1859. It is also one of the first in Australia to be constructed using bolted prefabricated segments of cast iron, and one of only two such lighthouses in Queensland, the other being its sibling, Sandy Cape Light. It serves as the central relay for Dent Island Light, Pine Islet Light and Lady Elliot Island Light and as the radio check post for Cape Capricorn Light, Sandy Cape Light and Double Island Point Light.
Bustard Head was named by Captain James Cook in 1770, in honour of a bustard which was shot and eaten by the landing party at the location.
History.
The Government of Queensland was formed in 1859. In 1862, the Queensland government appointed the first Portmaster, Commander George Poynter Heath. However, it was only in 1864 that two committees were appointed to deal with the issue of coastal lighthouses. One of the locations believed by these committees to require a lighthouse was Bustard Head. In practice, Bustard head became the first to be constructed by the new government. Orders for the tower and the lantern were placed in 1865, with Hennet, Spinks and Company of Bridgwater, England and Chance Brothers of Birmingham, England, respectively. Both orders shipped to Brisbane in April 1867, and a construction tender was awarded to W. P. Clark in August 1867, for erecting the lighthouse and building the other buildings required for the station. Though the contract stated six months of construction, actual work took ten months, and the light was first lit on 29 June 1868. W. P. Clark was to later construct Double Island Point Light (1884), Pine Islet Light (1885), Low Isles Light (1877) and to start the construction of Cape Cleveland Light and Dent Island Light (1878).
In May 1932 the original cottages were destroyed in fire. In 1935 the stairs which were originally outside the tower were relocated within the tower. The lighthouse was automated during 1985-1986, and finally demanned in 1986, leaving it to neglect and vandalism for the next 16 years. In 2001 the Bustard Head Lighthouse Association, a volunteer organization led by Stuart Buchanan, obtained a twenty year lease on the premises and started restoring it using funds from a federal grant, local businesses and self funding. The station was fully restored, and it is now managed by the association.
Current display.
The current light characteristic is two white flashes, separated by three seconds, every ten seconds (Fl.(2)W. 10s), visible for . The light source is a 1000 Watt 120 Volt tungsten-halogen lamp, with an intensity of 200,000 cd. The light is fed by Mains electricity, with a standby diesel alternator. The current optical apparatus is an AGA 250mm rotating lens.
Structures.
The lighthouse is conical in form. It stands high, constructed of prefabricated cast iron plates, and painted white, with splayed flanges at the base, much like the Sandy Cape Light. The tower is topped by a cantilevered iron gallery, with a simple iron balustrade. Inside the tower is a spiral iron staircase with cast iron steps, adjoined to the internal walls. Entrance to the lighthouse was originally via an external flight of stairs and a small landing leading to a door on the second floor. In 1935 and entrance was provided on the ground floor and the stairs were relocated within the tower. On top of the gallery is the original diameter Chance Bros lantern. In the lantern room is a catwalk, supported by ornate iron brackets. The dome of the lantern is copper clad and painted red, and itself topped with a spherical knob and a weather vane. The lighthouse is fenced.
The residences at the station consist of two one-storey lighthouse keeper's houses. They are timber framed, clad with fibro and with corrugated fibro roofs, with stainless steel gutters. One of them is occupied by a site manager and the other serves as a display with lighthouse artefacts.
Another notable structure at the station is an old powerhouse, timber framed and clad with cement sheet and a gabled corrugated fibro cement roof with stainless steel gutters. The new powerhouse is brick constructed on a concrete foundation.
Other structures include a fenced fuel store, a tool shed, a garage/stores shed, and a bulk fuel farm. They are mostly timber framed and clad with fibro.
Also on the premises is a cemetery surrounded by a white picket fence, located about northeast of the station. It contains nine graves dating from 1879 to 1911 as well as two unmarked, child sized graves.
Site operation and visiting.
The light is operated by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority. The site is managed by the Bustard Head Lighthouse Association. The site is accessible by 4WD vehicles only. The site and tower are open to tours which are available daily.

</doc>
<doc id="29821260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821260" title="New York Monuments Commission">
New York Monuments Commission

The New York Monuments Commission for the Battlefields of Gettysburg, Chattanooga and Antietam was a commission set up by New York State to honor the dead from Battle of Gettysburg, Battle of Chattanooga and Battle of Antietam. General Daniel Edgar Sickles served as chairman until forced out over accusations of embezzling $27,000 from the commission. Lewis R. Stegman replaced him as chairman in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="29821290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821290" title="Jonas Jeberg">
Jonas Jeberg

Jonas Jeberg (born 1975 in Rønne, Bornholm), is a Danish songwriter and music producer maybe best known for writing/producing the smash hits I Hate This Part for The Pussycat Dolls and One Step at a Time for Jordin Sparks.
Jeberg started playing the drums around the age of 12. After his graduation he moved to Copenhagen to attend the Royal Danish Academy of Music, where he studied Drums and music theori for two years. Jonas has written and produced records for: Jason Derulo, Juicy J, Demi Lovato, The Wanted, Chris Brown, Nicki Minaj feat Cassie, Kreayshawn, Kylie Minogue, Jordin Sparks, Pussycat Dolls, Pixie Lott, JLS, and Shayne Ward. Kelly Rowland, 
Sugababes, Amerie, Charice, Madcon, Selena Gomez, Shontelle, Baby drum, Caterina Torres, Tanya Lacey, David Bisbal, Monrose, Vanessa Hudgens, Corbin Bleu, and Japanese artists Ai, Double and BoA.
Jonas has co'written with Juicy J, Jean Baptiste, Redd Stylez, Jason Derulo, Demi Lovato, Jay Sean, Claude Kelly, Makeba Riddrick, Jason Evigan, Xplicit, Cathy Dennis, Andre Marritt, Wayne Hector, Sam Watters, Kasey Livingston, Andrea Martin, Adonis Shropshire, Busbee, Carmen K, Corey Chorus, David "DQ" Quinones, Erika Nuri, Eric Bellinger, Lauren Evans, Robbie Nevil, Lil Eddie, Jackie Boys, Lindy Robbins, Damon Sharpe, Livvi Franc, Meleni Smith, Nasri Atweh, Rob Allen, Shelly Peiken, Shontelle Layne, Anjulie, David Seigel, Ann Previn, Scott Cutler, Chri$tyle, Bridget Bennenate, Frankie Storm, Heather Bright, Kandi Burress, Kenisha Pratt, Taj Jackson, Bridget Bennenate and more.

</doc>
<doc id="29821356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821356" title="Society for the Suppression of Speculative Stamps">
Society for the Suppression of Speculative Stamps

The Society for the Suppression of Speculative Stamps (S.S.S.S.) was a short-lived and ill-fated attempt by philatelists before 1900 to suppress the issue of unnecessary stamps designed mainly for sale to collectors.
The society was formed on 6 May 1895 and lasted until about 1897 when it broke up due to the failure of dealers and collectors within its ranks to boycott speculative issues.
The society was supported by the Royal Philatelic Society London and the American Philatelic Society.

</doc>
<doc id="29821415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821415" title="Terminal bar">
Terminal bar

Terminal bar or Terminal Bar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29821433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821433" title="1979 in Japan">
1979 in Japan

Events in the year 1979 in Japan.
Popular culture.
Arts and entertainment.
In film, "Vengeance Is Mine" by Shōhei Imamura won the Best film award at the Japan Academy Prize, at the Blue Ribbon Awards and at the Mainichi Film Award, "Taiyō o Nusunda Otoko" by Kazuhiko Hasegawa won Best film at the Yokohama Film Festival and at the Hochi Film Awards. For a list of Japanese films released in 1979 see Japanese films of 1979.
In manga, the winners of the Shogakukan Manga Award were "Doza no Ippon Tsuri" by Yusuke Aoyagi (general) and Toward the Terra and Kaze to Ki no Uta by Keiko Takemiya (shōnen or shōjo). "Tonda Couple" by Kimio Yanagisawa (shōnen) and "The Star of Cottonland" by Yumiko Ōshima (shōjo) won the Kodansha Manga Award. For a list of manga released in 1979 see :Category:1979 manga.
In music, the 30th Kōhaku Uta Gassen was won by the Red Team (women). Hideki Saijo won the FNS Music Festival and Judy Ongg won the 21st Japan Record Award.
In television, see: 1979 in Japanese television.
Japan hosted the Miss International 1979 beauty pageant, won by Filipina Melanie Marquez.
Sports.
In athletics (track and field) Japan hosted the Asian Championships and was first in the medal table with 20 gold medals and a total of 59 medals.
In baseball Hiroshima Carp won the Japan Series.
In baseketball Japan hosted the ABC Championship and won the second place behind China.
In football (soccer) Japan hosted the FIFA World Youth Championship, won by Argentina. Fujita Engineering won the Japan Soccer League. For the champions of the regional leagues see: 1979 Japanese Regional Leagues. For more see: 1979 in Japanese football.

</doc>
<doc id="29821449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821449" title="Culture Industry Reconsidered">
Culture Industry Reconsidered

Culture Industry Reconsidered (orig.: "Résumé über Kulturindustrie"), was written in 1963 by Theodor W. Adorno, a German philosopher who belonged to the Frankfurt School of social theory. The term "cultural industry" first appeared in "Dialectic of Enlightenment" (1947), written by Adorno and Max Horkheimer.
Content.
In the essay "Cultural Industry Reconsidered", Adorno replaces the expression "mass culture" with "culture industry". This is to avoid the popular understanding of mass culture as the culture that arises from the masses. He prefers the term "culture industry" because of the commodification of the culture forms or artistic objects. He believes that cultural forms create a means of income for their creators, so profit has become more important than the artistic expression. Hence, culture has turned into an industry and the cultural objects are looked at as products. One of the characteristics of cultural industry is that it intentionally integrates both the high and low art. 
By referring to the term "industry", Adorno does not point to the production process. Instead he is looking at the "standardization of the thing itself" and to the rationalization of distribution techniques, and not strictly to the production process. It is industrial more in a sociological sense, in terms of incorporation of the industrial forms of organization, even though nothing is manufactured. 
He also makes clear the difference between the technique used in cultural industry and the technique used in works of art. In the works of art the technique refers to the formal organization of the object, with its inner logic, whereas in cultural industry it refers to the distribution and the mechanical production. Thus technique in cultural industry is external to the object, whereas in the works of art it is internal. 
Adorno says that the masses are secondary and are "an appendage of the machinery" in the cultural industry. He argues that the culture industry claims to bring order in the chaotic world. It provides human beings with something like a standard and an orientation, yet the thing that it is claiming to preserve is actually being destroyed. The essay also makes a reference to Walter Benjamin’s theory of the "aura". It says that the culture industry doesn’t have an alternative to the aura. Hence, it is going against its own ideologies. Adorno's concept of culture industry indicates the necessity for rethinking his theory of mass culture.

</doc>
<doc id="29821460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821460" title="John M. MacKenzie">
John M. MacKenzie

John MacDonald MacKenzie (born 2 October 1943) is a British historian of imperialism who pioneered the study of popular and cultural imperialism, as well as aspects of environmental history. He has also written about Scottish migration and the development of museums around the world.
Biography.
He is the son of Alexander MacKenzie and Hannah (née Whitby) and was educated in Glasgow, Ndola (Zambia), Vancouver (British Columbia) and London. This cosmopolitan upbringing developed his interest in the history of the British Empire. 
He has travelled extensively, for research, conferences and pleasure, throughout Africa, Asia, North America, Australia and New Zealand, and has taught in the Universities of British Columbia, Lancaster, Liverpool, Zimbabwe, and the Wilfrid Laurier University in Ontario. 
Academic career.
His principal post was at the University of Lancaster, where he held the chair of imperial history from 1991 to 2002. He was also successively Dean of Arts and Humanities and Dean of Education there. He holds honorary professorships of the Universities of Aberdeen, St. Andrews and Stirling, and is an honorary fellow of the University of Edinburgh. He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
His research has stimulated a good deal of controversy. His critique of Edward Said's "Orientalism", published in 1995, was badly received by post-Saidians and post-colonialists, although many of his early publications pioneered their later work. His insistence that popular imperialism was a feature of British culture in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries came in for severe criticism from Bernard Porter in his "The Absent-Minded Imperialists", although MacKenzie's followers have mounted a vigorous fight-back, not least in the many books (almost 100) in the Manchester University Press "Studies in Imperialism" series which he has edited since 1984. 
He has given BBC radio talks, has appeared on television programmes relating to the British Empire, and has written for "The Scotsman". He was an advisory curator for exhibitions at the National Portrait Gallery, the Royal Scottish Academy and the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Books.
"Propaganda and Empire" (1984) 
"The Railway Station: a Social History" (with Jeffrey Richards) (1986) 
"The Empire of Nature" (1988)
"Orientalism: History, Theory and the Arts" (1995) 
"Empires of Nature and the Nature of Empires" (1997)
"Inverness in Old Photographs" (with Nigel Dalziel) (1998) 
"A Life in Three Centuries" (2003)
"The Scots in South Africa" (2007)
"Museums and Empire" (2009)
Edited books.
"Imperialism and Popular Culture" (1986) 
"Imperialism and the Natural World" (1990)
"Popular Imperialism and the Military" (1992)
"David Livingstone and the Victorian Encounter with Africa" (1997) 
"European Impact and Pacific Influence" (with Hermann J. Hiery) (1997)
"The Victorian Vision" (2001) 
"Peoples, Nations and Cultures" (2003)
"European Empires and the People" (2011) 
"Scotland and the British Empire" (with T.M. Devine)

</doc>
<doc id="29821464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821464" title="Johnny Bero">
Johnny Bero

John George Bero (December 22, 1922May 11, 1985) was an American professional baseball player, a shortstop who played a total of 65 games in the Major Leagues for the Detroit Tigers and the St. Louis Browns during 1948 and 1951. Bero was a native of Gary, West Virginia, who attended Western Michigan University. He batted left-handed, threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
He played 61 games as a shortstop and second baseman for the 1951 Browns, batting .213 with all of his 34 MLB hits. He played his final game with the Browns on July 22 and two days later was traded to the Brooklyn Dodgers. He spent the rest of his career in minor league baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="29821489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821489" title="Johnson City 2001">
Johnson City 2001

Johnson City 2001 is a complete concert album by Widespread Panic. The three disc set is the fifth release from the Widespread Panic archives. The performance was recorded live at Freedom Hall in Johnson City, Tennessee on November 20, 2001. The multi-track recording featured all original band members including the late guitarist, Michael Houser.

</doc>
<doc id="29821517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821517" title="1880 Wimbledon Championship – Singles">
1880 Wimbledon Championship – Singles

Herbert Lawford defeated O. E. Woodhouse, 6–5, 6–4, 6–0 in the All Comers Final, but the reigning champion John Hartley defeated Lawford, 6–3, 6–2, 2–6, 6–3 in the Challenge Round to win the 1880 Wimbledon Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="29821525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821525" title="Jacob Goering House">
Jacob Goering House

The Jacob Goering House was located on the hill above downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Greek Revival style house has subsequently been torn down and the location is now a parking lot for Palmer College of Chiropractic. 
Jacob Goering was an early labor organizer in Davenport who was involved in more militant national union efforts. When placed on the National Register of Historic Places it was one of a few buildings left in Davenport that reflected the city’s major social movements of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="29821533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821533" title="Pathways out of Poverty">
Pathways out of Poverty

Pathways Out of Poverty (POP) is a national workforce development program that was established on August 14, 2009, by the Obama administration and funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) of 2009. The Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration announced POP grantees on January 13, 2010. POP targets individuals living below or near the poverty level to provide them with skills needed to enter the green job market, focusing on the energy efficiency and renewable energy industries. The training programs focus on teaching basic literacy and job readiness skills. Some of the programs also provide supportive assistance with childcare and transportation to overcome barriers to employment.
History.
Pathways Out of Poverty is administered by the United States Department of Labor’s Employment and Training Administration. Roughly $150 million is authorized by the ARRA and is granted in amounts from $2 million-$8 million to eight national and 30 local entities for the provision of training and placement services in order “to provide pathways out of poverty and into employment.” The Department of Labor particularly encouraged applicants to focus on serving Public Micro Data Areas (PUMAs) with poverty rates of 15 percent or higher.
Pathways Out of Poverty is part of the "fourth wave" of economic development, which stipulates an environmentally-sustainable approach.
A principal condition of POP is the training of disadvantaged populations for “employment within energy efficiency and renewable energy industries.” This type of employment is sometimes known as "green jobs" or "green-collar" jobs. As mandated by the POP grant, the grantees primarily target low income individuals, veterans, at-risk youth, high school dropouts, the unemployed and underemployed, ex-criminals, and individuals with limited English ability. In addition, some grantees report recruiting public assistance recipients, the homeless, people with disabilities, older workers, women, minorities, and refugees.
Each grantee is free to choose and make partnerships with any organization, including public, private, and not-for-profit. Some examples of partners include community colleges, technical schools, faith-based organizations, community-based organizations, and trade groups.
Grantees.
The Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration announced the 38 national and local organizations that would be receiving grants on January 13, 2010. The grantees for Pathways Out of Poverty (POP) consist of two types: (1) national non-profits that are connected with local organizations; and (2) local public organizations and private non-profits. 
There are eight national grantees:
There are thirty local grantees:
Locations.
Pathways out of Poverty (POP) grantees are located in 26 states and the District of Columbia. They are primarily located in major metropolitan areas, but some grantees are located in more rural and smaller metropolitan regions. 
The Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration particularly encouraged applicants to focus on serving Public Micro Data Areas (PUMAs) with poverty rates of 15 percent or higher. Data from the 2009 American Community Survey 1-Year estimates indicates that the PUMAs covered by grantees had an average percentage of inhabitants in poverty that was ten percentage points higher than the national average, at least within the last twelve months. 
In addition, on average, PUMAs covered by grantees have inhabitants with lower levels of education, lower levels of health insurance coverage, and lower levels of English fluency. One barrier to economic development in impoverished areas is lack of skills and education possessed by the inhabitants, which is one rationale for workforce development programs. 
Training.
Pathways out of Poverty (POP) grantees proposed providing a variety of services, including sector-based training for green jobs, remedial education and GED help, "soft skills" training, entrepreneurial training, and supportive services. The primary focus of this program is sector-based: grantees are working backwards from specific job categories to design training and place individuals. However, unlike some sector-based programs, POP grantees are enrolling high school dropouts, ex-offenders, and other "harder-to-employ" individuals, as opposed to recruiting more employable individuals. These individuals may require remedial education and GED instruction, which some POP grantees report providing.
Green Jobs Training.
POP grantees are required to train participants for “employment within energy efficiency and renewable energy industries.” Grantees reported training individuals for jobs in the following areas: advanced battery manufacturing, agriculture, forestry, and landscaping, bio-fuel manufacturing and distribution, biofuels, building performance, deconstruction and materials use, energy efficient assessment, energy-efficient building maintenance, energy-efficient building, construction, and retrofit, environmental protection, environmental remediation, recycling, renewable energy and electric power, solar energy, sustainable manufacturing, transportation, waste collection and remediation, water management, and wind energy. 
A 2010 report by the Pew Charitable Trust foundation indicates that green jobs or green-collar jobs are starting to make an impact in the U.S. economy. According to this study, green jobs grew about two and a half times faster than job growth in the U.S. economy as a whole between 1998 and 2007. Out of the 125 PUMAs that are served by the 38 local and national POP grantees, 75 are located in states that have an average of more than 15,000 green jobs available as well as an average annual growth rate of 1.03 percent in green jobs for the period from 1998 to 2007. In comparison, the average annual growth rate for green jobs nationwide during this period was 0.91 percent, and the average annual growth rate for all jobs nationwide was 0.4 percent. 
Other Training Provided.
In order to participate in the program, grantees must provide green jobs training. However, many of the grantees report providing other training and services for their participants in original grant documents. Many participants may need more than green jobs training in order to move out of poverty; "American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009: Pathways Out of Poverty Grants" refers to POP as "integrat training and supportive services into cohesive programs that will help targeted populations find pathways out of poverty and into economic self-sufficiency." Grantees report providing apprenticeships, basic and "soft skills" training, remedial education/GED services, English to Speakers of Other Languages instruction, literacy instruction, computer training, entrepreneurship training, and supportive and wraparound services. Additionally, grant documents may not encompass the range of services provided by grantees. 
Since many grantees report recruiting high school dropouts, remedial education and GED services may be required before recruits are able to participate in green jobs training programs requiring at least high school diplomas. Additionally, several grantees report recruiting individuals with low literacy levels and low levels of English fluency, necessitating the provision of literacy instruction and English to Speakers of Other Languages. 
"Soft skills" refers to “dress, language, punctuality, and posture,” as well as other behavioral traits. Some researchers have speculated that lack of these skills forms a greater impediment to employment for disadvantaged individuals than lack of technical 
skills or education. About seventeen of POP grantees explicitly mentioned helping participants with “basic or soft skills.”
Support and wraparound services could include free childcare, assistance with transportation, and counseling. About sixteen grantees listed providing these types of services, although they did not list specific services provided. Research indicates that providing these types of services as part of a workforce development program can help improve program participation and reduce attrition.
Outcomes.
Since grantees were only announced in January 2010, outcomes from this program are not yet fully known. However, grantees listed proposed outcomes in terms of number of participants enrolled, number of individuals to complete training, number of individuals to complete a degree or certificate, and number of individuals to gain employment.
Proposed outcomes from national grantees (in number of individuals):
Proposed outcomes from local grantees (in number of individuals):

</doc>
<doc id="29821539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821539" title="Cladding (metalworking)">
Cladding (metalworking)

Cladding is the bonding together of dissimilar metals. It is different from fusion welding or gluing as a method to fasten the metals together. Cladding is often achieved by extruding two metals through a die as well as pressing or rolling sheets together under high pressure.
The United States Mint uses cladding to manufacture coins from different metals. This allows a cheaper metal to be used as a filler.
Roll welding.
In roll welding, two or more layers of different metals are thoroughly cleaned and passed through a pair of rollers under sufficient pressure to bond the layers. The pressure is high enough to deform the metals and reduce the combined thickness of the clad material. Heat may be applied, but is not necessary if one of the metals is ductile. Bonding of the sheets can be controlled by painting a pattern on one sheet; only the bare metal surfaces bond, and the un-bonded portion can be inflated if the sheet is heated and the coating vaporizes. This is used to make heat exchangers for refrigeration equipment. 
Explosive welding.
In explosive welding, the pressure to bond the two layers is provided by detonation of a sheet of chemical explosive. No heat-affected zone is produced in the bond between metals. The explosion propagates across the sheet, which tends to expel impurities and oxides from between the sheets. Pieces up to 2 x 6 metres can be manufactured. The process is useful for cladding metal sheets with a corrosion-resistant layer. 
Laser cladding.
"Laser cladding" is a method of depositing material by which a powdered or wire feedstock material is melted and consolidated by use of a laser in order to coat part of a substrate or fabricate a near-net shape part (additive manufacturing technology) .
It is often used to improve mechanical properties or increase corrosion resistance, repair worn out parts, and fabricate metal matrix composites.
Process.
The powder used in laser cladding is normally of a metallic nature, and is injected into the system by either coaxial or lateral nozzles. The interaction of the metallic powder stream and the laser causes melting to occur, and is known as the melt pool. This is deposited onto a substrate; moving the substrate allows the melt pool to solidify and thus produces a track of solid metal. This is the most common technique, however some processes involve moving the laser/nozzle assembly over a stationary substrate to produce solidified tracks. The motion of the substrate is guided by a CAD system which interpolates solid objects into a set of tracks, thus producing the desired part at the end of the trajectory.
A great deal of research is now being concentrated on developing automatic laser cladding machines. Many of the process parameters must be manually set, such as laser power, laser focal point, substrate velocity, powder injection rate, etc., and thus require the attention of a specialized technician to ensure proper results. However, many groups are focusing their attention on developing sensors to measure the process online. Such sensors monitor the clad's geometry (height and width of deposited track), metallurgical properties (such as the rate of solidification, and hence the final microstructure), and temperature information of both the immediate melt pool and its surrounding areas. With such sensors, control strategies are being designed such that constant observation from a technician is no longer required to produce a final product. Further research has been directed to forward processing where system parameters are developed around specific metallurgical properties for user defined applications (such as microstructure, internal stresses, delusion zone gradients, and clad contact angle).

</doc>
<doc id="29821546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821546" title="Cladding (fiber optics)">
Cladding (fiber optics)

Cladding is one or more layers of materials of lower refractive index, in intimate contact with a core material of higher refractive index. The cladding causes light to be confined to the core of the fiber by total internal reflection at the boundary between the two. Light propagation in the cladding is suppressed in typical fiber. Some fibers can support cladding modes in which light propagates in the cladding as well as the core. (From Federal Standard 1037C and from MIL-STD-188)
The numerical aperture of a fiber is a function of the indices of refraction of the cladding and the core by:

</doc>
<doc id="29821554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821554" title="Songs from a Solitary Home">
Songs from a Solitary Home

Songs from a Solitary Home is the second studio album of the Norwegian band Major Parkinson. It was released on 13 September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="29821556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821556" title="Cladding (construction)">
Cladding (construction)

Cladding is the application of one material over another to provide a skin or layer intended to control the infiltration of weather elements, or for aesthetic purposes.
Cladding does not necessarily have to provide a waterproof condition but is instead a control element. This control element may only serve to safely direct water or wind in order to control run-off and prevent infiltration into the building structure. Cladding applied to windows is often referred to as window capping and is a very specialized field.

</doc>
<doc id="29821572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821572" title="St. Gobnet's Wood">
St. Gobnet's Wood

St Gobnet's Wood (alternative spelling: St. Gobnait's Wood) is a protected area of oak woodland at Baile Bhuirne, County Cork, Ireland.
In 1998 St Gobnet's Wood was proposed as a Site of Community Importance under the EU Habitats Directive. The National Parks and Wildlife Service gave the size of the wood as about 30 ha. Subsequently, Cascade Wood, on the other side of the N22 road, was identified as the habitat of species of European interest, notably the rare Kerry slug. 
In 2007 the Irish Environment Minister, John Gormley, proposed the expansion of the St Gobnet's Wood Special Area of Conservation to include Cascade Wood. The European Environment Agency's records show the site as covering 44 ha on both sides of the main road, following an update in 2008.
When the Irish government gave protection to Cascade Wood, it was also agreed that the alignment of a proposed by-pass should avoid the SAC. As at 2013 the road in question, the new route for the Macroom-Baile Bhuirne section of the N22, has yet to be constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="29821590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821590" title="Bonaventura Heinz House (first)">
Bonaventura Heinz House (first)

The Bonaventura Heinz House (first) was located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The property was removed from the Register in 2005. There is another house attributed to Heinz, the Bonaventura Heinz House (second), which is located on the adjoining property.

</doc>
<doc id="29821601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821601" title="1982 Volvo Masters – Doubles">
1982 Volvo Masters – Doubles

Peter Fleming and John McEnroe won in the final 6–4, 6–3 against Sherwood Stewart and Ferdi Taygan.

</doc>
<doc id="29821615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821615" title="Augie Swentor">
Augie Swentor

August William Swentor (November 21, 1899 – November 10, 1969) was a pinch hitter in Major League Baseball. He played one game for the Chicago White Sox in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="29821635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821635" title="Ed Slott">
Ed Slott

Ed Slott (born August 5, 1954) is a financial expert in the United States. He is an author and public speaker providing training in IRAs (Individual Retirement Arrangements) and retirement distribution planning. He has been a collaborative creator of three nationally-aired Public Television Specials and is a practicing CPA (Certified Public Accountant) based in Rockville Centre, New York.
Public training.
Slott was named "The Best" source for IRA advice by The Wall Street Journal and called "America's IRA Expert" by "Mutual Funds Magazine." He is known to financial advisors for his public speaking and IRA training programs, including a 2-Day workshop titled "Instant IRA Success" and a year-long advanced IRA training membership group. Ed Slott's Elite IRA Advisor group and Master Elite IRA Advisor group are among the most respected and technically enhancing groups for Financial Advisors.
Public television.
Slott is a consumer advocate through his three Public Television (PBS) Specials, which stress to consumers the importance of working with competent financial advisors and educating them on the steps necessary to lower their tax burden now and forever and avoid needless penalties. His first Public Television Special, "Stay Rich Forever & Ever with Ed Slott" was the #1 fundraising special across America in 2008.
Other media.
Slott is a resource to contemporary newspapers and media sources for reference and insight as an expert on taxation and individual retirement accounts in the United States. Examples include The Wall Street Journal and the Chicago Tribune.
Books.
Slott has written five books on retirement distribution planning and also writes and produces a monthly IRA newsletter for financial advisors and financial media professionals.
Awards and distinctions.
Slott is a past Chairman of the New York State Society of CPAs Estate Planning Committee and editor of the IRA Planning section of The CPA Journal. Ed is a past recipient of the "Excellence in Estate Planning" and "Outstanding Service" awards presented by The Foundation for Accounting Education. He is a former Board member of The Estate Planning Council of New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="29821637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821637" title="Transnational Bank">
Transnational Bank

Transnational Bank (TNB), whose complete name is Transnational Bank Kenya Limited, is a commercial bank in Kenya. It is one of the forty-four licensed commercial banks in the country.
History.
TNB was establisghed as a non-bank financial institution (NBFI) in 1984, under the name Transnational Finance Company (TNFC). TNFC provided loans, including lease-purchase arrangements to depositors and non-depositors. In 1985, following the issuance of a commercial banking license by the Central Bank of Kenya, the national banking regulator, the company began banking operations under its current name in Nairobi and Mombasa. At first other locations in the country continued to operate as TNFC offices. Between 1985 and 1996, all TNFC activities were merged with TNB and the TNFC brand was closed. The bank has one subsidiary; TNB Forex Bureau, located at Moi International Airport in Mombasa. The bank is also affiliated with Western Union, the American International money-transfer service. In 2009, TNB introduced Internet banking and mobile banking through mobile telephones.
Overview.
The bank is a medium-sized commercial bank in Kenya, East Africa's largest economy. , its assets were valued at about US$113.6 million (KES:9.66 billion), with shareholders' equity of nearly US$22 million (KES:1.87 billion).
Ownership.
The shares of stock of Transnational Bank are privately held by Kenyan institutions and individuals. , the major shareholders in the bank were as depicted in the table below:
TNB maintains 14 branches in Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="29821638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821638" title="Stegman">
Stegman

Stegman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="29821661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821661" title="Elmer Smith Power Plant">
Elmer Smith Power Plant

The Elmer Smith Power Plant is a coal-fired power plant owned and operated by the city of Owensboro, Kentucky. It opened in 1964. 

</doc>
<doc id="29821669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821669" title="Lewis R. Stegman">
Lewis R. Stegman

Lewis R. Stegman (January 18, 1840 New York City - October 7, 1923), was a Colonel in the American Civil War. He later served as sheriff of Kings County, New York.
Biography.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Kings Co., 6th D.) in 1879.
In 1912 he served as chairman of the New York Monuments Commission. He died on October 7, 1923 in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="29821670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821670" title="Invariable Calendar">
Invariable Calendar

In April 1900, Professor L. A. Grosclaude of Geneva proposed the Invariable Calendar, New Era Calendar, or Normal Calendar with 12 months and four 91-day quarters of exactly 13 weeks. An additional day, termed New Year's Day, that was not any day of the week and not part of any month, would occur between December 31 and January 1. Another such day is inserted between June 31 and July 1 on leap years.
This model would be a perennial calendar, with each date occurring perennially on the same day of the week. Grosclaude lists many business advantages to this. Three monthly days important to businesses, the 1st, 15th, and 30th would always occur on the same 3 days of the week, respectively, and additionally would never occur on a Sunday, for example. It became the model for The World Calendar, promoted by Elisabeth Acheils and The World Calendar Association since 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="29821674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821674" title="December 2010 in sports">
December 2010 in sports


</doc>
<doc id="29821708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821708" title="National Shrine of St Therese">
National Shrine of St Therese

The National Shrine of St. Thérèse in Darien, Illinois is a Roman Catholic shrine dedicated to St. Thérèse of the Child Jesus and the Holy Face. The Shrine is a part of the Aylesford Carmelite campus, run by the Carmelite Order of the Most Pure Heart of Mary. The Shrine includes both a museum devoted to the saint and a chapel.
History.
St. Clara Church on Woodlawn Avenue in Chicago became the first home of the National Shrine of St. Thérèse in the 1920s. In the 1950s, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops declared the site a National Shrine. <br>
<br>In 1975, a fire destroyed St. Clara and the Carmelites were faced with the financial challenge of reconstruction of the Shrine. A large bequest from a devoted Lay Carmelite made it possible for the Carmelites to build a new Shrine facility on the Aylesford Carmelite campus in Darien, Illinois.
Shrine Museum.
The National Shrine museum is housed in a room adjacent to its chapel and is a rich treasury of relics and memorabilia of St. Thérèse. It contains the largest and most complete collection of Little Flower objects outside of Lisieux, France.
Highlights of the National Shrine museum include: the original statue of St. Thérèse commissioned in the 1920s; young Thérèse’s tambourine, the original map she drew of North America at age 12, the original oil painting of her by her sister, Celine (which she declared was the best representation of her saintly little sister), another original charcoal drawing of Thérèse as a novice; one of the original four copies of the manuscript Thérèse wrote which became her autobiography, “The Story of A Soul,” a piece of the bedspread from her room, tea cups she used when she had her evening chats with her father, her first communion prayer book, and many more intimate items which connect people with St. Thérèse.
The Museum also houses a number of items on loan from the Carmel at Lisieux. In 2010 these items included a ciborium and chalice from Therese's time as sacristan for her community.
Besides many pictures of her and drawings depicting significant events in her life, the Shrine also has a twenty-seven minute video on her life and spirituality. Because Therese is a Carmelite and was so dedicated to Our Lady of Mount Carmel, there is on one side a collection of statues of Our Lady of Mount Carmel from all over the world.
Shrine Chapel.
The center of the National Shrine is a chapel, dominated by huge stained-glass windows that depict the journey of the soul to God, modeled on St. John of the Cross’ "Ascent of Mount Carmel".
The front of the chapel features a large wood carving of the life of St. Thérèse. The carving was designed by Helen Henke and hand-carved in Italy by Vincenzo Demetz Figlio. Measuring 12 feet by 28 feet, it tells her whole life story in a visual and beautiful way. It is the largest wood carving of a religious nature in the United States.
Mass is celebrated in the Shrine chapel at 11:30 a.m., Monday through Friday and the Shrine welcomes both individual visitors and organized tour groups. Each year, thousands of pilgrims from around the world visit the Shrine. There is a religious gift shop within the Shrine building where visitors can purchase books, devotional aids, and other Theresian items.

</doc>
<doc id="29821734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821734" title="Green River Generating Station">
Green River Generating Station

The Green River Generating Station is a coal-fired power plant owned and operated by Kentucky Utilities. It is located in Muhlenberg County, Kentucky. 

</doc>
<doc id="29821781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821781" title="2010 ITU Triathlon World Cup">
2010 ITU Triathlon World Cup

The 2010 ITU Triathlon World Cup was a series of triathlon races organised by the International Triathlon Union (ITU) for elite-level triathletes to be held during the 2010 season. For 2010, eight races were announced as part of the World Cup series. Each race was held over a distance of 1500 m swim, 40 km cycle, 10 km run (an Olympic-distance triathlon). Alongside a prize purse, points were awarded at each race contributing towards the overall 2010 ITU Triathlon World Championships point totals.

</doc>
<doc id="29821786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821786" title="Dungeon Geomorphs">
Dungeon Geomorphs

Dungeon Geomorphs is an accessory for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Contents.
The "Dungeon Geomorphs" were a DM's aid that consisted of dungeon map sections that can be cut apart and put together like puzzle pieces in various ways. Set One was for standard dungeon corridors and rooms, Set Two was for irregular dungeon corridors and rooms, and Set Three was for larger, stranger dungeons corridors and rooms. The "Outdoor Geomorphs" set was for a medieval walled city.
Publication history.
"Dungeon Geomorphs, Set One: Basic Dungeon" was designed by Gary Gygax and published by TSR in 1976. "Dungeon Geomorphs, Set Two: Caves & Caverns" was written by Gary and Ernie Gygax, and "Dungeons Geomorphs, Set Three: Lower Dungeons" was written by Gary Gygax, and sets two and three were published by TSR in 1977. "Outdoor Geomorphs, Set One: Walled City" was designed by Gary Gygax and also published by TSR in 1977. All of these initial sets consisted of 12 sheets of puzzle-piece map sections.
Sets One, Two, and Three were compiled in 1980 as the "Dungeon Geomorphs" set, as 48 cardstock pages, with a cover by Bill Willingham. This was printed again in 1981. Each sheet in the booklet can be divided into two square and one rectangular map section; these are partially geomorphic, as not ever corridor will connect with every other one, but at least two always will. The geomorphs are not given any scale, although the maps are covered with 1/4" gridsquares.
Reception.
Steve Jackson reviewed the 1980 compilation of "Dungeons Geomorphs" in "The Space Gamer" #41 in 1981. Jackson felt that the geomorphs would be nice for any Dungeon Master who needs a complex dungeon level in a hurry. Since they are well-keyed, he noted that a given layout could be quickly written down for later use, and they allow for a lot of possible combinations. Jackson noted the lack of scale on the gridsquares and that one square could be taken as anywhere from 5 to 20 feet, although he felt that the designers probably intended them to be 10 feet. He considered the choice of color a disappointment and the only real drawback, as the light-blue ink all the maps are printed in makes them hard to read. Jackson concluded that the "Dungeon Geomorphs" are nice at the price, but not a "must".
Kurt Butterfield also reviewed the "Outdoor Geomorphs" in the same issue of "The Space Gamer". According to Butterfield, this set of city plans helps a Dungeon Master to construct a fairly large walled city in a matter of minutes, saving an enormous amount of time and leaving the DM only to populate the city and add special details. The notes that the walls, towers, and other structures are clearly mapped out in blue on durable, white graph paper with marked lines to allow them to be cut out; the square and rectangular pieces can then be fit together in almost any fashion the DM desires. While Butterfield did not find much wrong with this set, he was annoyed by some unexplained shaded areas and the fact that the set was not as large as he would have liked; ultimately, he recommended the city geomorphs to almost any DM.

</doc>
<doc id="29821792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821792" title="Robert D. Green Generating Station">
Robert D. Green Generating Station

The Robert D. Green Generating Station is a coal-fired power plant owned and operated by the Big Rivers Electric Cooperation as part of Sebree Station. It is located in the northeast corner of Webster County, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="29821831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821831" title="Robert Reid Power Station">
Robert Reid Power Station

Robert Reid Power Plant is a coal-fired power plant owned and operated by the Big Rivers Electric Cooperation as part of Sebree Station. It is located in the northeast corner Webster County, Kentucky (just south of the Anaconda Aluminum plant in Henderson County).

</doc>
<doc id="29821917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821917" title="Catholics United">
Catholics United

Catholics United is a U.S.-based non-profit 501(c)(4) non-partisan political organization. The group says it is "dedicated to promoting the message of justice and the common good found at the heart of the Catholic Social Tradition." The group claims a total membership of 50,000. Though not affiliated with the institutional Catholic Church, it has had a significant effect on the religious and political debate in the U.S. 
Catholics United is directed by James Salt.
History.
Catholics United was founded in 2005 by Catholic social justice activists Chris Korzen and James Salt. It grew out of a 2004 effort called the Catholic Voting Project, which opposed Republican efforts to convince Catholic voters it was immoral to vote for U.S. Presidential candidate John Kerry because of his support for abortion rights.
Issues.
Health care reform.
In March 2010, Catholics United played a key role in convincing pro-life Catholic members of the U.S. House of Representatives to vote for final passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act by running TV ads in several Congressional districts. The ads challenged claims by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops as well as conservative groups that the bill allowed for federal funding of abortion.
Gay and lesbian rights.
Coinciding with Church Teaching, Catholics United has openly criticized efforts within the church to deny rights to gays and lesbians. In March 2010, former director Chris Korzen appeared on CNN to challenge the Archdiocese of Washington, DC's protest of a law requiring employers to grant benefits to same-sex partners. In May 2010, Catholics United criticized a Boston-area Catholic school's decision to deny admission to the child of a lesbian couple.
Workers' rights and energy.
In 2009, Catholics United ran radio ads featuring actor Martin Sheen in support of the Employee Free Choice Act. It also ran radio ads supporting the Energy Bill.
Elections.
2008.
Catholics United played an active role in shaping the religion and politics debate around the 2008 U.S. Presidential election. In 2009, President George W. Bush's former Catholic advisor Deal Hudson told "U.S. News and World Report" that Catholics United and its allies "made a big difference" in the election.
2010.
In July 2010, Catholics United announced a $500,000 campaign supporting Catholic Democratic U.S. Representatives John Boccieri, Kathy Dahlkemper, Steve Driehaus, and Tom Perriello in their unsuccessful reelection bids.
Controversy.
Abortion.
The group has been criticized by some conservative Catholic bishops because of its opposition to criminalizing abortion, although not the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops as a whole.
Political affiliations.
Although Catholics United is a nonpartisan organization, it appears to have some ties to the Democratic Party and the administration of President Barack Obama. A 2006 news report suggests that future U.S. Representative Tom Perriello worked with the organization, and Catholics United former director Chris Korzen's name appears several times on White House visitor logs.

</doc>
<doc id="29821924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821924" title="1918 Dayton Triangles season">
1918 Dayton Triangles season

The 1918 Dayton Triangles season was their sixth season in the Ohio League. The team finished with a known record of 8–0 and won their first Ohio League title. However, many of the top teams in the league did not field teams this season due to the outbreak of World War I and the Spanish flu pandemic, both of which led to the opening of the season being postponed until the middle of October.

</doc>
<doc id="29821925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821925" title="Monster &amp; Treasure Assortment">
Monster &amp; Treasure Assortment

Monster & Treasure Assortment is an accessory for the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Contents.
The "Monster & Treasure Assortment" supplements listed pre-generated monsters and treasures for dungeon levels, with 100 sets for each level: Book One was for dungeon levels one through three, Book Two was for dungeon levels four through six, and Book Three was for dungeon levels seven through nine.
Publication history.
"Monster & Treasure Assortment Book One: Dungeon Levels One to Three" was published by TSR in 1977 and featured a cover by David C. Sutherland III; "Monster & Treasure Assortment Book Two: Dungeon Levels Four to Six" was published by TSR in 1977 and featured a cover by Dave Trampier; "Monster & Treasure Assortment Book Three: Dungeon Levels Seven to Nine" was published by TSR in 1978 and also featured a cover by Dave Trampier; all three of these sets contained 12 sheets.
These three sets were compiled in 1980, and published as the 32-page "Monster & Treasure Assortment". This set contained 900 monsters, pre-rolled guardians of almost any type from stirges to type V demons, and 900 treasures of magic and money and their containers. The lists are arranged in groups of 100s, according to level, and allow for random generation to determine a room's contents.
Reception.
Elisabeth Barrington reviewed the 1980 compilation of "Monster and Treasure Assortment" in "The Space Gamer" #36 in 1981. While she felt that the lists would be of great use to the Dungeon Master for impromptu or random encounters, she went on to say, "Thirty-four pages of "lists"? And a lot of details are obscure - the DM has to create spells to go with magic items, and describe some monsters that aren't in the manual." Barrington could only recommend this product "to DMs who suffer from occasional or temporary mental blocks."

</doc>
<doc id="29821927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821927" title="Quarantine (GRITS album)">
Quarantine (GRITS album)

Quarantine is the eleventh studio album from the group GRITS.

</doc>
<doc id="29821937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821937" title="Waveney District Council election, 2003">
Waveney District Council election, 2003

The 2003 Waveney Council election took place on 1 May 2003 to elect members of Waveney District Council in Suffolk, England. One third of the council was up for election and the council stayed under no overall control.
After the election, the composition of the council was

</doc>
<doc id="29821974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29821974" title="Francisco de Borbón y Escasany, 5th Duke of Seville">
Francisco de Borbón y Escasany, 5th Duke of Seville

Francisco de Borbón y Escasany, 5th Duke of Seville, Grandee of Spain (; born 16 November 1943), is the current Duke of Seville and a distant relative of the Spanish Royal Family. He is a businessman and has been involved in banking, real estate and other commercial activities.
Early life.
Francisco was born in Madrid and is the eldest child of Francisco de Borbón y Borbón (1912–1995), who was the son of Francisco de Borbón y de la Torre and Enriqueta de Borbón y Parade, 4th Duchess of Seville. Francisco's mother was Enriqueta Escasany y Miguel (1925–1962), the daughter of Ignacio Escasany y Ancell and Enriqueta de Miguel y Mas, the 2nd Marquesa of Pobla de Claramunt.
His paternal grandparents were first cousins, both being grandchildren of Infante Enrique of Spain. Francisco is a member of the Spanish branch of the House of Bourbon and is a relative of King Juan Carlos I of Spain, since both of them are male-line descendants of King Charles IV of Spain.
Duke of Seville.
After the death of his grandmother, Enriqueta de Borbón y Parade, Francisco inherited the title of Duke of Seville. His father had renounced his own rights to succeed to the title.
Marriages and children.
Francisco was married on 7 July 1973 at Baden-Baden to Countess Beatrice of Hardenberg and Fürstenberg (born 1947), daughter of Günther, Count of Hardenberg, and his wife Princess Maria Josepha of Fürstenberg. The couple had three children and subsequently divorced.
They have two daughters and one son:
Francisco married for the second time on 19 October 1991 at Vienna to Isabelle Karanitsch (born 1959). They had no children and divorced in 1993. He married for the third time on 2 September 2000 at Marbella to María de los Angeles de Vargas-Zuñiga (born 1958). They have no children.
The Order of Saint Lazarus.
Francisco was elected as the 48th Grand Master of the Order of Saint Lazarus (Malta Obedience) in 1996. He succeeded his father, who had been Grand Master of the Order since the 1950s. Francisco retired from his position of Grand Master in 2008 and was succeeded by his cousin, Don Carlos Gereda y de Borbón, Marqués de Almazán. Francisco was then given the title of Grand Master Emeritus.
French succession.
Since Francisco is a direct male-line descendant of King Louis XIV of France, he is in the legitimist line of succession to the French throne.
Ancestry.
Patrilineal descent.
Francisco' patriline is the line from which he is descended father to son.
Patrilineal descent is the principle behind membership in royal houses, as it can be traced back through the generations, which means that Francisco is a member of the House of Bourbon.

</doc>
<doc id="29822011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822011" title="François Vallé">
François Vallé

François Vallé (1716–1783) was a French Canadian who immigrated to Upper Louisiana of New France sometime in the early 1740s. Beginning as a laborer of no means, he engaged in agriculture, lead mining, and trade with Indians and became the richest man in Upper Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="29822014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822014" title="The People's Key">
The People's Key

"The People's Key" is the eighth studio album by Bright Eyes, the Nebraska band of Conor Oberst, Mike Mogis, and Nate Walcott. The album was recorded in Omaha, NE at ARC Studios, produced by Mogis, and engineered by Mogis and Andy LeMaster. The album was released on February 15, 2011, Conor Oberst's birthday, on Saddle Creek Records. Before then, it was streaming online in its entirety as part of NPR's "First Listen" series.
The album features guest artists Andy LeMaster of Now It's Overhead, Matt Maginn of Cursive, Carla Azar of Autolux, Clark Baechle of The Faint, Shane Aspegren of The Berg Sans Nipple, Laura Burhenn of The Mynabirds, and Denny Brewer of Refried Ice Cream. The lyrics make mention of Haile Selassie, the Lion of Judah and I and I; all things associated with Rastafari.
The first 50,000 copies of this album came with a limited-edition packaging similar to that of all copies of the LP record, in a 6-panel tri-fold die-cut digipak printed on iridescent foil, and including an O-card, full-color CD inner sleeve and a 20-page booklet. 
Artwork.
In January 2011, it was announced that The People's Key had won the Best Art Vinyl award.
Reception.
"The People's Key" has received mixed to positive critical reception. Allmusic praised its smaller scale and gave the album 3 and a 1/2 out of 5 stars. Pitchfork gave the album 5 out of 10 and criticized the 'impersonal' feel of the songs, yet praised "Ladder Song". Slant Magazine gave the album 2 out of a possible 5 stars. No Ripcord gave the album a 60 and commented, "There's not a lot fundamentally wrong with "The People's Key"; it's just that we know Bright Eyes can do better."
However, Drowned In Sound and NME gave the album 9 out of 10 and 8 out of 10 respectively, with NME calling it a "sleek electro-tinged classic" and praising Oberst's more electric musical direction, saying it brought a "fresh strain of Bright Eyes record". The album debuted at number 13 on the "Billboard" 200, and made it to number 7 on the Alternative Albums chart. "The People's Key" also reached number 46 on the UK Albums Chart.
Track listing.
All songs written by Conor Oberst, except where noted.
A limited edition deluxe packaging edition contains mp3 file samples of various Saddle Creek artists.

</doc>
<doc id="29822070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822070" title="2012 Libertarian National Convention">
2012 Libertarian National Convention

The 2012 United States Libertarian National Convention, in which delegates of the Libertarian Party (LP) chose the party's nominees for President of the United States and Vice President of the United States in the 2012 general election, was held May 2–6, 2012 in Summerlin, Nevada at the Red Rock Resort Spa and Casino. Former Governor of New Mexico Gary Johnson won the presidential nomination on the first ballot. Retired California state court judge Jim Gray won the vice-presidential nomination, also on the first ballot. The convention also chose to replace most of the Libertarian National Committee party officers and members-at-large.
Host selection.
This was the first presidential nominating convention ever held in the Las Vegas Valley. Other cities that bid to host the convention included Dallas, Texas and San Francisco, California.
Candidates debate.
In February 2012, Gary Johnson, Lee Wrights, Bill Still, Carl Person, and Leroy Saunders participated in a debate held by the Libertarian Party of Florida and moderated by LPUSA Chair Mark Hinkle.
The debate participants were selected by convention delegates in a secret ballot, in which a candidate needed to score 10 percent of the vote or higher to be allowed to take part. Libertarian candidates in the debate called for ending government interference in personal, family and business decisions; much lower government spending; deregulation; lower taxes; a currency free of government manipulation; free trade; and a peaceful, non-interventionist foreign policy.
Schedule.
The convention itself covered five days over May 2-6. The business of deciding the national platform and candidates formally began on May 3, and a second candidate debate was held on May 4. On May 5, the party nominated Gary Johnson as its presidential candidate and Jim Gray as vice presidential candidate. On May 6, elections for the Libertarian National Committee concluded.
Those seeking the presidential nomination were required to gather "tokens" from delegates. 53 tokens were required to participate in debates, while 30 were needed to be listed on the ballot.
Convention speakers.
Those who attended include:
Libertarian National Committee elections.
The 2012 Libertarian National Convention saw a two day election of officers and members-at-large of the Libertarian National Committee officers leading to the defeat of most of the incumbents who were seen as being part of a "top-down faction". The voting for chair saw the first instance where "None of the Above", which was listed as a choice on the party ballot, received more votes than any of the candidates for chair. After a new list of individuals was nominated, Geoff Neale was elected chair. R. Lee Wrights was elected Vice Chair, Ruth Bennett Secretary, and Tim Hagan Treasurer. Elected as national committee members-at-large were Bill Redpath, Michael Cloud, Arvin Vohra, and Wayne Allyn Root.

</doc>
<doc id="29822103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822103" title="1985 Melbourne Indoor – Singles">
1985 Melbourne Indoor – Singles

Matt Mitchell the defending champion of the Melbourne Indoor title lost in the second round to Broderick Dyke. Dyke lost in the quarter finals to the eventual champion, Marty Davis, who beat Paul Annacone in the final, 6–4, 6–4
References.
1985 Melbourne Indoor Singles Draw

</doc>
<doc id="29822147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822147" title="2010–11 EuroLeague Women">
2010–11 EuroLeague Women

The 2010–11 season is the 20th edition of Europe's premier basketball tournament for women - EuroLeague Women since it was rebranded to its current format
Knockout stage.
Eightfinals.
Game 1 was played 1 February 2011. Game 2 was played 4 February 2011. Game 3 will be played 9 February 2011. The team that wins two games first, advances to the quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals.
Game 1 was played 22 February 2011. Game 2 was played 25 February 2011. Game 3 would have been played on 2 March 2011. The team that won two games first, advanced to the Final four.
Final four.
The venue was decided on March 8, 2011. Ultimately, Yekaterinburg won the bidding and will host the event at the Uralochka Sports Palace.
"All times are local ()."

</doc>
<doc id="29822156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822156" title="History of Bareilly">
History of Bareilly

According to the epic Mahābhārata, Bareilly region (Panchala) is said to be the birthplace of Draupadi, who was also referred to as 'Panchali' (one from the kingdom of Panchāla) by Kṛṣṇā (Lord Krishna). When Yudhisthira becomes the king of Hastinapura at the end of the Mahābhārata, Draupadi becomes his queen. The folklore says that Gautama Buddha had once visited the ancient fortress city of Ahicchattra in Bareilly. The Jain Tirthankara Parshva is said to have attained Kaivalya at Ahichhatra.
In the 12th century, the kingdom was under the rule by different clans of Kshatriya Rajputs. With the Islamic Turkic Invasion the region became a part of the Delhi Sultanate before getting absorbed in the emerging Mughal Empire. The foundation of the modern City of Bareilly foundation was laid by Mukrand Rai in 1657.
Later the region became the capitol of Rohilkhand region before getting handed over to Nawab Vazir of Awadh and then to East India Company (transferred to the British India) and later becoming an integral part of India. The region has, also, acted as a mint for a major part of its history.
From archaeological point of view the district of Bareilly is very rich. The extensive remains of Ahichhatra, the Capital town of Northern Panchala have been discovered near Ramnagar village of Aonla Tehsil in the district. It was during the first excavations at Ahichhatra (1940–44) that the painted grey ware, associated with the advent of the Aryans in the Ganges–Yamuna Valley, was recognised for the first time in the earliest levels of the site. Nearly five thousand coins belonging to periods earlier than that of Guptas have been yielded from Ahichhatra. It has also been one of the richest sites in India from the point of view of the total yield of terracotta. Some of the masterpieces of Indian terracotta art are from Ahichhatra. In fact the classification made of the terracotta human figurines from Ahichhatra on grounds of style and to some extent stratigraphy became a model for determining the stratigraphy of subsequent excavations at other sites in the Ganges Valley. On the basis of the existing material, the archaeology of the region helps us to get an idea of the cultural sequence from the beginning of the 2nd millennium BC up to the 11th century AD. Some ancient mounds in the district have also been discovered by the Deptt. of Ancient History and culture, Rohilkhand University, at Tihar-Khera (Fatehganj West), Pachaumi, Rahtuia, Kadarganj and Sainthal.
Ancient period - Panchala Kingdom.
Historically, Bareilly region was the capital of the ancient Kingdom of Uttara-Panchala (Northern Panchala). The ancient fortress city of Ahicchattra in Bareilly served as a seat of the influential Empire.
The Kingdom occupied the country (region) to the east of the Kuru Kingdom, i.e. between the upper Himalayas and the river Ganges. The country was divided into Uttara-Panchala (Northern Panchala) and Dakshina-Panchala (Southern Panchala).
The Uttara-Panchala (Northern Panchala) had its capital at Ahicchattra (also known as Adhichhatra and Chhatravati, near present-day Ramnagar village in Aonla region of Bareilly, while Dakshina-Panchala (Southern Panchala) had it capital at Kampilya or Kampil in Farrukhabad district.
The names of the last two Panchala clans, the Somakas and the Srinjayas are also mentioned in the Mahabharata and the Puranas. King Drupada, whose daughter Draupadi was married to the Pandavas belonged to the Somaka clan. However, the Mahabharata and the Puranas consider the ruling clan of the northern Panchala as an offshoot of the Bharata clan and Divodasa, Sudas, Srinjaya, Somaka and Drupada (also called Yajnasena) were the most notable rulers of this clan.
Rule of Nanda, Maurya, Gupta and Maukharis Empire.
The experiment in non-monarchical form of Government in Panchala was soon engulfed in the growing Magadhen imperialism - first under the Nandas and then under the Mauryas. The fall of the Mauryan empire saw the emergence of numerous small and independent states in the whole Ganges Valley. It saw a remarkable revival in the fortunes of Panchala which once again came to occupy a very significant position in the history of north India.
Panchala emerges at this time as one of the strongest powers in India. About 25 kings who have ruled during this period have left behind thousands of coins. During the period between the fall of the Mauryas and the rise of the Guptas, the Panchalas had two phases of power - first the pre Kushana phase i.e. from C-150 BC to AD 125 and secondly a short period of fifty years after the fall of the Kushanas, which ended in CAD 350 when Panchala was assimilated in the Gupta empire by Samudragupta. Under the Guptas Ahichhatra was one of the provinces into which the Gupta empire was divided.
Evidence reveal that the Panchal coins were minted at Bareilly and the surrounding areas during 176 - 166 BC. Kushan and Gupta kings established mints in the region and this status was retained till the Christian era. Found at Ganga Ghati in abundance were the Adi Vigraha and Shree Vigraha coins of the Pratihara Kings that were minted here between the 4th and 9th centuries. Dating to this period are also the silver coins — similar to those of Firoz Second — known as Indo-Sasanian. Later, the city's continued status as a Mint town since the beginning of the Christian era was helped by the fact that Bareilly was never a disturbed area. (except at the time of the Independence Struggle)
The amalgamation of several religious and popular beliefs may be observed throughout the history of Panchala in ancient India. In addition to being associated with the activities of pravahana Jaivali, Gargayayana, Uddalaka etc. responsible for giving a distinctive touch to the later vedic thought, the region was also a prominent centre of popular beliefs such as the cult of Nagas, Yaksas and Vetalas.
After the fall of the Guptas in the latter half of the 6th century the district of Bareilly came under the domination of the Maukharis. Under the Emperor Harsha (r. 606 - 647 AD) the district was the part of the Ahichhatra Bhukti.
Rise of Buddhism and Jainism.
In the 6th century BC, the Panchala was among one of the sixteen mehajanapadas of India. The city was also influenced by Buddha and his followers. The remains of Buddhist monasteries at Ahichhatra are quite extensive. The folklore says that Gautama Buddha had once visited the ancient fortress city of Ahicchattra in Bareilly.
The Jain Tirthankara Parshva is said to have attained Kaivalya at Ahichhatra. The echoes of the Bhagavates and the Saivas at Ahichhatrra can still be seen in the towering monuments of a massive temples, which is the most imposing structure of the site.
During Harsha's reign the Chinese pilgrim Hiuen Tsang also visited Ahichhatra about 635 AD.
Period of anarchy and Islamic attacks.
After the death of Harsha this region falls under anarchy and confusion. In the second quarter of 8th century the district was included in the kingdom of Yashavarman (725 - 52 AD) of Kannauj and after him the Ayudha kings also Kannauj became the masters of the district for several decades. With the rise of the power of the Gurjara Pratiharas in the 9th century, Bareilly came under their sway. It continued under their subordination till the end of the 10th century.
Mahmud of Ghazni gave a death blow to the already decaying Gurjara Pretihara power. After the fall of the Gurjara Pretiharas Ahichhetra ceases to remain a flourishing cultural centre of the region. The seat of the royal power was shifted from Ahichhatra to Vodamayuta or modern Badaun as the irrefutable evidence of Rashtrakuta Chief Lakhanpalas inscription shows.
Rule of Kshatriya Rajputs.
After the fall of the Gurjara Pretihara, the City was under the rule of local rulers. In the 12th century it was ruled by different clans of Rajputs referred to by the general name of Katehriyas (Kshatriya) Rajputs. The province was largely held by Rajputs of different clans such as Bachal, Gaur, Chauhan and Rathor. The tract of land forming the subah or province (of Rohilkhand) was formerly called Katehr/Katiher.
The Katehriyas are to be noted for their conspicuous role in persistently resisting the onslaught of the Delhi rulers till as late as the time of Akbar. The origin and the rise of the Katehar Rajputs in the region is a mystery and a matter of controversy.
Under rule of Delhi Sultanate and Mughal rule.
At the beginning of the 13th century, when the Delhi Sultanate, five short-lived, Delhi based kingdoms or sultanates, of Turkic origin, was firmly established, Katehr was divided into the provinces of Sambhal and Budaun. But the thickly forested country infested with wild animals provided just the right kind of shelter for rebels. And indeed, Katehr was famous for rebellions against imperial authority. During the Sultanate rule, there were frequent rebellions in Katehr. All were ruthlessly crushed. Sultan Balban (1266–1287) ordered vast tracts of jungle to be cleared so as to make the area unsafe for the insurgents.
The slightest weakening of the central authority provoked acts of defiance from the Katehriya Rajputs. Thus the Mughals initiated the policy of allotting lands for Afghan settlements in Katiher. Afghan settlements continued to be encouraged throughout the reign of Aurangzeb (1658–1707) and even after his death. These Afghans, known as the Rohilla Afghans, caused the area to be known as Rohilkhand. This move by Mughal emperor Aurangzeb Alamgir was aimed to suppress Rajput uprisings, which had afflicted this region. Originally, some 20,000 soldiers from various Pashtun Tribes ( Yusafzais, Ghoris, Lodis, Ghilzai, Barech, Marwat, Durrani, Tanoli, Tarin, Kakar, Khattak, Afridi and Baqarzai ) were hired by Mughals to provide soldiers to the Mughal armies and this was appreciated by Aurangzeb Alamgir, an additional force of 25,000 men was given respected positions in Mughal Army. However most of them settled in the Katehar region during Nadir Shah's invasion of northern India in 1739 increasing their population up to 100,0000. Due to the large settlement of Rohilla Afghans, the Katehar region gained fame as Rohilkhand.
The city of Bareilly was founded in 1537 by Basdeo, a Katehriya Rajput. The city is mentioned in the histories for the first time by Budayuni who he writes that one Husain Quli Khan was appointed the governor of 'Bareilly and Sambhal' in 1568. The divisions and revenue of the district "being fixed by Todar Mal" were recorded by Abul Fazl in 1596. The foundation of the 'modern' City of Bareilly was laid by Mukrand Rai in 1657. In 1658, Bareilly was made the headquarters of the province of Budaun.
Establishment of Rohilkhand.
The Mughal policy of encouraging Afghan settlements for keeping the Katehriyas in check worked only as long as the central government was strong. After Aurangzeb’s death, the Afghans, having themselves become local potentates, began to seize and occupy neighboring villages.
In 1623 two Afghan brothers of the Barech tribe, Shah Alam and Husain Khan, settled in the region, bringing with them many other Pashtun settlers. It was with the immigration of Daud Khan, an Afghan slave (who originally hails from "Roh" in Afghanistan) in the region that the Afghan Rohillas had come into prominence. His adopted son Ali Muhammad Khan succeeded in carving out an estate for himself in the district with his headquarters in the region. He was ultimately made the lawful governor of "Kateher" by the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb Alamgir (ruled 1658-1707), and the region was henceforth called "the land of the Ruhelas." Eventually after the end of the Mughal Empire many Pathans migrated from 'Rohilkhand'.
Bareilly as a ruined city became crowded with unemployed, restless Rohilla Pathans. Many urban cities in Uttar Pradesh were experiencing economic stagnation and poverty. Naturally, this led to heavy migration overseas to Suriname and Guyana.
Meanwhile, Ali Muhammad Khan (1737–1749), grandson of Shah Alam, captured the city of Bareilly and made it his capital, later uniting the Rohillas to form the 'State of Rohilkhand', between 1707 and 1720, making Bareilly his capital. He rapidly rose to power and got confirmed in possession of the lands he had seized. The Emperor created him a Nawab in 1737, and he was recognised as the governor of Rohilkhand in 1740.
According to 1901 census of India, the total Pathan population in Bareilly District was 40,779, out of a total population of 1,090,117. Their principal clans were the Yusafzais, Ghoris, Lodis, Ghilzai, Barech, Marwat, Durrani, Tanoli, Tarin, Kakar, Khattak, Afridi and Baqarzai. Other important cities were Rampur, Shahjahanpur, Badaun, and others.
The term "Rohilla" is derived from the Pashtu "Roh", meaning "mountain", and literally means "a mountain air", and was used by the Baluch and Jats of the Derajat region to refer to the Pashtun mountains tribes of Loralai, Zhob and Waziristan regions. The Rohillas and are men of a taller stature, a fairer complexion and a more arrogant air than the general inhabitants of the district. The Muslims in the area are chiefly the descendants of Yousafzai Afghans tribe of Pashtuns, called the Rohilla Pathans of the Mandanh sub-section, (but other Pashtuns also became part of the community), who settled in the country about the year 1720. Rohilla's Sardar like Daud Khan, Ali Muhammad Khan, and the legendary Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech were from the renowned Afghan tribe the Barech, who were originally from the Kandahar Province of Afghanistan. In Uttar Pradesh, it was used for all Pashtuns, except for the Shia Bangashes who settled in the Rohilkhand region, or men serving under Rohilla chiefs. Rohillas were distinguished by their separate language and culture. They spoke Pashto among each other but gradually lost their language over time and now converse in Urdu.
Bishop Heber described them as follows: - "The country is burdened with a crowd of lazy, profligate, self-called sawars (cavaliers), who, though many of them are not worth a rupee, conceive it derogatory to their gentility and Pathan blood to apply themselves to any honest industry, and obtain for the most part a precarious livelihood by sponging on the industrious tradesmen and farmers, on whom they levy a sort of blackmail, or as hangers-on to the wealthy and noble families yet remaining in the province. These men have no visible means of maintenance, and no visible occupation except that of lounging up and down with their swords and shields, like the ancient Highlanders, whom in many respects they much resemble."
Rule of Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech.
Ali Muhammad was succeeded by Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech (1749–1774), whom he appointed h¹fiz or regent of Rohilkhand on his deathbed. Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech extended the power of Rohilkhand from Almora in the North to Etawah in the South-West.
Under Rahmat Ali Khan, Rohilla power continued to rise, though the area was torn by strife amongst the rival chieftains and continuous struggles with the neighbouring powers, particularly the Nawab Vazirs of Awadh, the Bangash Nawabs, and the Marathas.
Maratha attack and aid from Oudh.
After the accession of Shuja-ud-daula as the Nawab of Oudh, Rohilkhand (under Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech) joined the imperial troops in their attack upon that prince, but the Nawab bought them off with a subsidy of 500,000.
Later, Rahmat khan took advantage of being on the winning side at the Third Battle of Panipat of 1761 and successfully blocked the expansion of the Maratha Empire into north India. He continuously strengthened himself by fortifying his towns and founding new strongholds. Shuja-ud-daula on the other hand engaged in his struggle against British power.
Maratha defeated Rohilla in 1772 and overran whole of rohillakhand in 1772, after which Rohilla asked for Nawab Of Oudh help but Nawab himself knew that his forces are no match to Maratha, After plundering Rohillakhand Maratha proceed towards Oudh sensing the same fate as Rohilla, Nawab made frantic calls to British troops in Bengal, British company knew that the Nawab of Oudh didn't pose any danger for British company whereas Maratha will try to invade Bengal and Bihar after overrunning Oudh, British company despatch 20,000 British troops on the order of then Viceroy of British India, British wanted to free Rohillakhand from Maratha and give it to Nawab, The two army face came to came in Ram Ghat but the sudden demise of then Peshwa and the civil war in Poona to choose the next Peshwa forced Maratha to retreat, Rohilla decided not to pay because there was no war between the two states, further British made Oudh a Buffer state in order to protect it from Maratha and from here on British troops start protecting Oudh. The subsidy of one British brigade to provide protection to Nawab and Oudh from Maratha was decided to be Rs .
After the war Nawab Shuja-ud-Daula demanded payment for their help from the Rohilla chief, Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech. When the demand was refused, the Nawab joined with the British under Governor Warren Hastings and his Commander-in-Chief, Alexander Champion, to invade Rohilkhand.
Rohilla War.
The First Rohilla War of 1773-1774 was a punitive campaign by Shuja-ud-Daula, Nawab of Awadh, against the Rohillas, Afghan highlanders settled in Rohilkhand, northern India. The Nawab was supported by troops of the British East India Company, in a successful campaign brought about by the Rohillas reneging on a debt to the Nawab.
The combined forces of Shuja-ud Daulah, the Nawab of Awadh and the Company’s forces led by Colonel Champion defeated Hafiz Rahmat Ali Khan in 1774. Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech was killed in the ensuing battle at Miranpur Katra in 1774. His death finally closed the chapter of Rohilla rule from Bareilly.
Rohilkhand fell to Awadh, was plundered and occupied. The majority of the Rohillas left. They fled across the Ganges in numbers, to start a guerilla war; or emigrated. A Rohilla state under British protection was set up in Rampur.
The Rohillas, after fifty years' precarious independence, were subjugated in 1774 by the confederacy of British troops with the nawab of Oudh's army, which formed so serious a charge against Warren Hastings. There was a second Rohilla War, in 1794.
Period under the Patronage of Oudh.
Rohilkhand was handed over to the Nawab Vazir of Awadh. From 1774 to 1800, the province was ruled by the Nawabs of Awadh. Faiz-ullah, the son of Ali Muhammad, escaped to the north-west and became the leader of Rohillas. After many negotiations he effected a treaty with Shuja-ud-daula in 1774, by which he accepted nine parganas worth 1.5 million a year, giving up all the remainder of Rohilkhand to the Wazir of Rampur State.
Saadat Ali was appointed governor of Bareilly under the Oudh government.
In 1794 a revolution in Rampur State led to the dispatch of British Troops, who fought the insurgents at Bhitaura or Fatehganj(West)-both in Bareilly District, where an obelisk still commemorates the slain.
Bareilly remained in the hands of the Wazir until 1801, when Rohilkhand, with Allahabad and Kora, was ceded to the British in lieu of tribute.
Bareilly retaining its status as a major mint.
During this period too, Bareilly retained its status as a mint. Emperor Akbar and his descendants minted gold and silver coins at mints in Bareilly. The Afghan conqueror Ahmed Shah Durani too minted gold and silver coins at the Bareilly mint.
During the time of Shah Alam II, Bareilly was the headquarters of Rohilla Sardar Hafiz Rehmat Khan and many more coins were issued. After that, the city was in possession of Awadh Nawab Asaf-ud-Daulah. The coins that he issued had Bareilly, Bareilly Aasfabad, and Bareilly kite and fish as identification marks. After that, the minting of coins passed on to the East India Company.
Rule of British East India Company.
By 1801, the subsidies due under the various treaties for support of a British force had fallen into hopeless arrears. In order to defray the debt, Nawab Saadat Ali Khan surrendered Rohilkhand to the East India Company by the treaty of 10 November 1801.
After the Rohilla War, the change of the power structure did little to soothe the troubled strife torn area; rather the change had the effect to aggravate a precarious state of affairs. There was a general spirit of discontent throughout the district. In 1812, an inordinate enhancement in the revenue demand and then in 1814 the imposition of a new house tax caused a lot of resentment against the British. "Business stood still, shops were shut and multitudes assembled near the courthouse to petition for the abolition of the tax." The Magistrate, Dembleton, already an unpopular man made things worse by ordering the assessment to be made by a Kotwal. In the skirmish that took place between the rebel masses and the sepoys under Captain Cunningham, three or four hundred people died. In 1818, Glyn was posted as Acting Judge, and the Magistrate of Bareilly, and the Joint Magistrate of Bulundshahr.
In a research ordered by Glyn asking Ghulam Yahya to write an account about 'craftsmen, the names of tools of manufacture and production and their dress and manners', eleven trades found out to be most popular means of livelihood in and around Bareilly in the 1820s were glass manufacture, manufacture of glass bangles, manufacture of lac bangles, crimping, gram parching, wire drawing, charpoy weaving, manufacture of gold and silver thread, keeping a grocer’s shop, making jewellery and selling kab¹bs.
Administrative control and division into districts.
Mr. Henry Wellesley, brother of the Governor General, was appointed president of the Board of Commissioners sitting in Bareilly. In 1805, Amir khan, the Pindari, made an inroad into Rohilkhand, but was driven off. Disturbance occurred in 1816, in 1837 and in 1842 but the peace of the district was not seriously endangered until the Mutiny of 1857.
After annexation in 1801, Rohilkhand was divided into two districts, Bareilly and a comparatively new city of Moradabad. Shahjahanpur district was formed in 1813-14; Budaun in 1824; the south of Nainital district was taken away in 1858 and sixty-four villages were given, as a reward for loyalty, to the nawab of Rampur. Pilibhit was made a separate district in 1879.
Indian Rebellion of 1857.
Bareilly (Rohilkhand) was a major centre during the Indian Rebellion of 1857 (also known as India's First War of Independence). The Rebellion which began as a mutiny of native soldiers (sepoys) employed by the British East India Company's army, against perceived race based injustices and inequities, on 10 May 1857, in the town of Meerut, soon erupted into other mutinies and civilian rebellions which were mainly centred on north central India along the several major river valleys draining the south face of the Himalayas red annotated locations on Map at right but with local episodes extending both northwest to Peshawar on the north-west frontier with Afghanistan and southeast beyond Delhi.
The news of the outbreak of the struggle of independence which started at Meerut reached Bareilly on 14 May 1857. The people rose in revolt, occupied treasury and burnt the records of Kotwali, Khan Bahadur khan, the grandson of Hafiz Rahmat Khan was able to form his own government by appointing Sobha Ram Diwan, Madar Ali Khan and Niyaz Muhammed Khan generals and Hori Lal as paymaster.
During the Mutiny of 1857 the Rohillas, though already been disarmed, took a very active part against the English. Khan Badur Khan Rohilla, the grandson of Hafiz Rahmat Khan formed his own government in Bareilly in 1857 Indian revolt against British. During the period troops were raised at Bareilly from 1 June 1857, and tumults at once brook out amongst the population in the city, while the surrounding villages remained prey to the rapacity and extortion of the rival Zamindars. The Joint Magistrate was forced to flee to Nainital. The mutineers of city nominally admitted the authority of Khan Bahadur Khan Rohilla, the self-declared Nawab of Bareilly.
British order was restored on 13 May 1858 by the British force lent by Commander Colin Campbell, 1st Baron Clyde of 9th Regiment of Foot of British Army with the help of Captain William George Drummond Stewart of 93rd (Sutherland) Highlanders of the British Army, after winning the Bareilly battle. Some of the mutineers were captured and sentenced to death. When the Indian Rebellion of 1857 failed Bareilly, too, was subjugated. Khan Bahadur Khan was sentenced to death and hanged in the Kotwali on 24 February 1860.
Communal hatred led to ugly communal riots in many parts of U.P. The green flag was hoisted and Muslims in Bareilly, Bijnor, Moradabad, and other places the Muslims shouted for the revival of Muslim kingdom.
During the First War of Indian Independence in 1857, Khan Bhadur Khan issued silver coins from Bareilly as an independent ruler. These coins are a novelty as far as the numismatist is concerned.
The main conflict occurred largely in the upper Gangetic plain and central India, with the major hostilities confined to present-day Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, northern Madhya Pradesh, and the Delhi region. The rebellion posed a considerable threat to British East Indian Company power in that region, and it was contained only with the fall of Gwalior on 20 June 1858. Some regard the rebellion as the first of several movements over ninety years to achieve independence, which was finally achieved in 1947.
The population in 1901 was 1,090,117. Bareilly, also, was the headquarters of a brigade in the 7th division of the eastern army corps in British period.
Railway in Bareilly.
Bareilly is well connected with the rest of the country through railways from the 19th century. An official map of 1909 shows that Bareilly was a prominent junction of Railway even during the commence of the 20th century with six railway tracks intersecting in the city. In 1890, the Bengal and North Western Railway took over management of the Tirhoot State Railway (under a lease) in an effort to increase the latter's profitability. The Lucknow-Sitapur-Seramow Provincial State Railway merged with the Bareilly-Pilibheet Provincial State Railway to form the Lucknow-Bareilly Railway on 1 January 1891. The Lucknow-Bareilly Railway was owned by the Government of India and worked by the Rohilkund and Kumaon Railway.
The Oudh and Tirhut Railway was a Railway company operated the railway line till 1943 and managed a number of lines until 1943, when it was amalgamated with the Rohilkund and Kumaon Railway, and the Lucknow Bareilly Railway. It became the Oudh-Tirhut Railway. All existing contracts were determined and it became an entirely state-owned enterprise.
The Oudh and Tirhut Railway was formed on 1 January 1943 by the amalgamation of the Bengal and North Western Railway, the Tirhut Railway (BNW worked), the Mashrak-Thawe Extension Railway,(BNW worked), the Rohilkund and Kumaon Railway and the Lucknow-Bareilly Railway (R&K worked). The Oudh and Tirhut Railway was later renamed the Oudh Tirhut Railway and merged with the Assam Railway to form the North Eastern Railway on 14 April 1952. http://indianrailwaynotes.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/north-eastern-railway.pdf
Its headquarters was at Gorakhpur. On 14 April 1952, the Oudh and Tirhut Railway was amalgamated with the Assam Railway and the Kanpur-Achnera section of the Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway to form North Eastern Railway, one of the 16 zones of the Indian Railways.
India independence movement.
The Indian National Congress came into prominence in Bareilly during the khilafat movement when Gandhiji visited this town twice and many Hindus and Muslims were arrested. In response to the call given by Gandhiji, the Civil Disobedience Movement in the district was launched on Jan 26,1930. In 1936, a conference of the Congress was held in Bareilly under the presidency
of Acharya Narendra Deo. It was addressed by Jawaharlal Nehru, M.N. Roy, Purushottam Das Tandon and Rafi Ahmad Kidwai. In 1942 when the 'Quit India' movement was launched, many processions and meetings were organised and nearly 200 persons were arrested.
More prominent among them were Damodar Swaroop Seth, Brijmohan Lal Shastri, P.C. Azad, Rammurti, Naurang Lal, Chiranjivi Lal,
Udho Narain D.D. Vaidya and Darbari Lal Sharma. In the Bareilly Central Jail at that time were confined such prominent leaders as Jawahar Lal Nehru. Rafi Ahmad Kidwai, Mahavir Tyagi, Manzar Ali Sokhata and Maulana Hifazul Rahman.

</doc>
<doc id="29822158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822158" title="Lydia Patterson Institute">
Lydia Patterson Institute

Lydia Patterson Institute is a Methodist Christian college-preparatory school located in El Paso, Texas, United States. Founded in 1913, it offers programs for Spanish-speaking children, primarily from Juarez, to attend high school in the United States and attend an American undergraduate university. All high school classes are taught in English, and the school is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
History.
At the beginning of the 20th century in El Paso, there were very few educational opportunities for poor Hispanic boys. Since the State of Texas did not provide public education of any kind for non-English speaking students, most Hispanic children in the Second Ward were not receiving any formal education.
Mrs. Lydia Patterson, a Methodist laywoman, recognized the gravity of this problem, and in 1906, she began to set up day classes for boys in the homes of area Methodists. Upon her death in 1909, her husband Millard Patterson, a local attorney, decided to memorialize her by establishing the school that she had envisioned, and in 1913, construction began on the Lydia Patterson Institute.
In 1921, LPI became one of the first schools in the country to emphasize the teaching of English as a Second Language, or ESL, merging students into the appropriate grade upon completion of the ESL program.

</doc>
<doc id="29822173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822173" title="Redstone Creek">
Redstone Creek

Redstone Creek is a historically important widemouthed canoe and river boat-navigable brook-sized tributary stream of the Monongahela River in Fayette County, Pennsylvania. The creek is long, running from headwaters on Chestnut Ridge north through the city of Uniontown and reaching the Monongahela at Brownsville. Located in a 1/4-mile-wide valley with low streambanks, the site was ideal for ship building in a region geologically most often characterized by steep-plunging relatively inaccessible banks — wide enough to launch and float several large boats, and indeed steamboats after 1811, and slow-moving enough to provide good docks and parking places while craft were outfitting.
Brownsville, at the mouth of Redstone Creek, was a dynamic industrial town that eclipsed Pittsburgh in size before the 1850s. It was the center for a dynamic watercraft building industry, including the first paddlewheel steamboats on the vast network of inland rivers to reach New Orleans and, later, the upper navigable part of the Missouri. Flatboat construction is documented at the site from 1782, and the Braddock Expedition established a supply base (blockhouse) on the stream's south bank which the French destroyed after first taking Fort Necessity in 1754. The creek hosting this important activity played a critical role in the transshipment of goods and settlers in the Mississippi Basin, as it enabled the other industries in and around Brownsville to outfit and equip the settlers headed west.
Nestled in the foothills on the west side of the mountains, Brownsville was a gateway funneling settlers to the Ohio Country, the lands of the Louisiana Territory, and did so until well after 1853, when railroads reached the Missouri River at Kanesville, Iowa (one Emigrant Trails destination of the town's flatboats), the far west and the Oregon Country for the town astride the shortest, if not the easiest, land route across the great barrier to east-west traffic presented by the Allegheny Mountains.
History.
The first Europeans arrived in the 1710s as traders. Michael Bezallion was the first to describe the forks of the Ohio in a manuscript in 1717, and later that year European traders established posts and settlements in the area.
Europeans first began to settle in the region in 1748, when the first Ohio Company, an English land speculation company, won a grant of in the upper Ohio Valley. From a post at present-day Cumberland, Maryland, the company began to construct an wagon road to the Monongahela River employing a Delaware Indian chief named Nemacolin and a party of settlers headed by Capt. Michael Cresap to begin widening the track into a road following mostly the same route as an ancient Indian trail which is now known as Nemacolin's Trail. The river crossing and flats at Redstone Creek, the earliest point and shortest distance the choices a wagon road descent could follow (later in the war, fortified as Fort Burd, now Brownsville) was one of several possible destinations.
In the 1740s the government purchased (ca. 1744) trans-Allegheny lands from Native American tribes, giving England a competing claim on the lands of the Ohio Basin. Around 1748 the Ohio Company was formed and began explorations and planning of ways and means of exploiting the rights they'd purchased. In 1750, the company hired Chief Nemacolin, a Delaware Indian, and a Virginia farmer and owner of a land grant in West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="29822196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822196" title="Anthony Monaco">
Anthony Monaco

Anthony P. "Tony" Monaco (born October 10, 1959) is the President of Tufts University, having assumed the office in August 2011 from Lawrence Bacow.
Monaco was formerly a Professor of Human Genetics and Pro-Vice-Chancellor (Planning & Resources) at the University of Oxford. He was also the Head of the Neurodevelopmental and Neurological Disorders Group at the Wellcome Trust Centre for Human Genetics. 
Monaco was born in Wilmington, Delaware and graduated from the Salesianum School in 1977. He earned an undergraduate degree as an independent concentrator in neuroscience and behavior at Princeton University in 1981 and played goalie on their men's water polo team.
Monaco earned his Ph.D. in Neurobiology from Harvard University in 1987 and his M.D. in 1988 from Harvard Medical School. His doctoral research led to his landmark discovery of the gene responsible for X-linked Duchenne and Becker muscular dystrophy. His fascination with genetics took him to the U.K., then the hub of this burgeoning field. He worked on the human genome project at the Imperial Cancer Research Fund (now Cancer Research UK) in London and in the human genetics laboratory at the Institute of Molecular Medicine, Oxford.
As a distinguished neuroscientist, Monaco identified the first gene specifically involved in human speech and language. Nobel Prize winning biologist Paul Nurse states, "Tony Monaco was among the first to recognize the importance of what was still an emerging research frontier, human genetics, and its vast potential to address problems such as cancer and autism."

</doc>
<doc id="29822205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822205" title="Zika Ascher">
Zika Ascher

Zika Ascher (3 April 1910 – 5 September 1992) was a Czech artist and designer, who became pre-eminent in the related fields of British textiles, art, and fashion. A 264 page book about his work, and that of his wife Lida Ascher, was written by Valerie Mendes (author and stepmother of Sam Mendes) and published by the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, to coincide with a 1987 retrospective exhibition of the Aschers' work. The title "Ascher: Fabric, Art, Fashion", describes the breadth of their achievements in these three related fields. Three photographic portraits of Zika Ascher are held in the collection at the National Portrait Gallery in London; two by John Gay and a third by Francis Goodman.
Ascher was born in Prague, where he was a skiing champion prior to emigrating to London during World War II.
A substantial number of Ascher textiles designed by the British artist Henry Moore are held in the V&A collection. The designs were commissioned by Zika Ascher from 1944–1946. The first collection of Henry Moore textiles printed by Ascher was introduced at the Dorchester Hotel in London in May 1945.
The Henry Moore Foundation published a book by Anita Feldman and Sue Pritchard in 2009, entitled 'Henry Moore Textiles', which contains extensive references and examples of Ascher textiles designed by Henry Moore. The book was published to coincide with an exhibition at the Henry Moore Foundation in 2008, which later went on tour. The book was published by Lund Humphries, a leading publisher on British Art. Lund Humphries article
His significant influence on the collections of major couturiers, such as Christian Dior, Cristobel Balenciaga and Yves Saint Laurent, is cited in the Vogue History of Twentieth Century Fashion by Jane Mulvagh ( Viking Penguin, London 1988). Christian Dior referred to Mr Ascher as 'Mr Rose Pompom' after a beautiful rose printed fabric designed by Ascher in the 1950s, and used extensively in the summer Haute Couture collection by Dior. Apollo magazine London published a six page monograph on Ascher in 1987. His work was displayed at the first major retrospective of Balenciaga's work at the Silk Museum in Lyons 1986. One of the first John Galliano's collections, 'Les Incroyables' featured many yards of Ascher's cream cheesecloth, drenched in water.
There have been only four instances of production of the Henry Moore textiles and scarves by the Aschers in the 65 years since they were designed: The first was in the late eighties when Zika Ascher printed two designs for wall panels which had not previously been printed. The second was when the Henry Moore Foundation asked the Aschers to reprint various curtain textiles that had faded over time at the artist's house at Perry Green. The third was a reprint of Moore scarves for the gift shop at Tate Modern, when they mounted a major retrospective of the artist's work in 2010. The fourth was as part of the first scarf collection by Sam Ascher, grandson of Zika Ascher, for Spring/Summer 2011, in which some archive designs by Moore, Graham Sutherland, and other artists were featured.
The Ascher Project.
What was then known as The Ascher Project, to create innovative textiles based on contemporary art, ran in tandem with the Ministry of Information's propaganda initiative, to introduce modern art to the 'man on the street'. The War Pictures at the National Gallery in 1944 included paintings by Henry Moore and there is footage of Zika Ascher trawling the National Gallery rooms, inspecting Moore's work. It was not long before he had Moore designing scarves, curtain fabrics and dress fabrics, creating a vibrant new design language which was to be accessible to all.
Ascher Scarves.
The Ascher Project did not only relate to Henry Moore however. In 1946 he went to Paris and using a telephone in the Cafe du Rond Point des Champs-Elysee, called Pablo Picasso, Henri Matisse and André Derain. 'Every one of them invited Zika Ascher to meet them' wrote Lucy Davies in the "Sunday Telegraph", Stella Magazine, November 2010. Eventually, 51 leading French and English artists designed scarves for Ascher. They were called 'Artists' Squares' and, often printed on rayon due to shortages of materials immediately following the war, they brightened up drab outfits in a way that came to be universally loved by women across Europe and America. The artists were commissioned between 1946 and 1955 and though most contributed one scarf design, some, for instance Cecil Beaton, designed up to four. They were all printed in limited editions and continue to crop up in fine art auctions.
Ascher Fashion Fabrics.
Zika Ascher was responsible for introducing hand-tufted mohair fabrics into haute couture in 1957 and these fluffy, bulky textiles were very popular with haute couture fashion designers in Paris and London. At the time, textile houses such as Ascher would present biannual collections of fabrics to the couturiers, who would then choose their fabrics from what was on offer. The first to use Ascher Mohair was Lanvin-Castillo for the Autumn-Winter collection that year. (Castillo was the designer of French fashion house Lanvin from 1951–1962). Lanvin. Ascher's hand tufted mohair fabrics continued to be much in demand for several years, and were featured for instance in the Balenciaga Autumn Winter collection of 1964. A coat designed by Cristóbal Balenciaga made with an Ascher green, red and pink hand tufted mohair fabric was featured on the cover of French "Vogue" in November 1964, eight years after the first Ascher mohair.
In 1969 Zika Ascher experimented with a 'disposable' paper fabric, which had to be made resilient enough not to tear. He commissioned Celia Birtwell and put her Happy Bubble design into production - it was made into a famous mini dress designed by Ossie Clark.
A photograph on page 96 of the V&A Museum book "Ascher: Fabric, Art, Fashion", shows a crepe de chine fabric design by Lucian Freud. He and other great artists at the time put their trust in the quality of the Ascher printing and colour matching. "Artists commissioned by Zika Ascher were fortunate to have their work sensitively interpreted and skilfully put into repeat...Zika Ascher was insistent upon top quality printing and accurate colour matching; trials continued until design and printed fabric tallied exactly." (Valerie D. Mendes and Frances M. Hinchcliffe)
An obituary in "The Independent" in 1992 credits Zika Ascher with not only being the first to supply shaggy mohairs but also with introducing cheesecloths and romantic lacy fabrics to the catwalks of the late Fifties and mid-Sixties.

</doc>
<doc id="29822215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822215" title="Frasin mine">
Frasin mine

The Frasin mine is a large open pit mine in the west of Romania in Alba County, 73 km west of Alba Iulia and 467 km north-west of the capital, Bucharest. Frasin represents a large gold deposit with estimated reserves of 1 million oz of gold and 2.96 million oz of silver. The project is owned by the Toronto based company Gabriel Resources.
The project will involve the mining and processing of 0.97 million tonnes of ore per annum over an open pit life of 19 years. The open pit is expected to yield approximately 53,000 oz of gold and 156,000 oz of silver per year in doré, reflecting an average total process recovery of 68% for gold and 81% for silver.

</doc>
<doc id="29822279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822279" title="Rodu mine">
Rodu mine

The Rodu mine is a large open pit mine in the west of Romania in Alba County, 73 km west of Alba Iulia and 467 km north-west of the capital, Bucharest. Rodu represents a large gold deposit with estimated reserves of 0.81 million oz of gold and 1.7 million oz of silver. The project is owned by the Toronto based company Gabriel Resources.
The project will involve the mining and processing of 1.37 million tonnes of ore per annum over an open pit life of 19 years. The open pit is expected to yield approximately 42,600 oz of gold and 89,500 oz of silver per year in doré, reflecting an average total process recovery of 68% for gold and 81% for silver.

</doc>
<doc id="29822300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822300" title="New Acoustic Music">
New Acoustic Music

New Acoustic Music is a music genre that blends influences from folk, bluegrass, jazz and world music and uses only acoustic instruments. Beginning in the 1970s it has been developed by artists such as Bela Fleck, Leo Kottke Tim Ware, Tony Rice, Mike Marshall, Darol Anger and others. [http://www.allmusic.com/style/ma0000011947][http://www.hyperarts.com/mandolin-music/new-acoustic-music.html][http://www.tonyrice.com][http://home.comcast.net/~mharneyma/na.html][http://www.vastesi.com/blog/2010/07/16/new-acoustic-music-festival-xviii-edizione/][http://www.newacousticgallery.com/][http://articles.sfgate.com/2001-03-08/music/17587074_1_blind-joe-death-michael-hedges-john-fahey]

</doc>
<doc id="29822304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822304" title="NERD (sabermetrics)">
NERD (sabermetrics)

In baseball statistics, NERD (a wink towards the mnemonic "Narration, Exposition, Reflection, Description") is a quantitative measure of expected aesthetic value. NERD was originally created by Carson Cistulli and is part of his project of exploring the "art" of sabermetric research. The original NERD formula only took into account the pitcher's expected performance while the current model factors in the entire team's performance.
History.
The premise for NERD was developed in Cistulli's piece "Why We Watch" in which he establishes the five reasons that baseball continues to captivate the American imagination from game to game: "Pitching Matchups," "Statistically Notable (or Otherwise Compelling) Players," "Rookies (and Debuts)," "Seasonal Context," and "Quality of Broadcast". Fellow sabermatrician Rob Neyer, who had collaborated with Cistulli on this piece, wrote "the only thing missing [...] is a points system that would let us put a number on each game" and on June 2, 2010 Cistulli unveiled the NERD Pitching formula.
NERD pitching.
NERD pitching tries to determine which pitchers will be the most aesthetically appealing to watch for a baseball fan and is both a historical and a predictive statistic. The NERD pitching formula uses a player's standard deviations from the mean (a weighted z-score) of the DIPS statistic xFIP (expected Fielding Independent Pitching), swinging strike percentage, overall strike percentage, and the differential between the pitcher's ERA and xFIP to determine a quantitative value for each pitcher.
formula_1
The factor of 4.69 is added to make the number fit on a 0 to 10 scale. While there has been some disagreement on the calculation of Cistulli's luck component, the general consensus among sports writers seems to be that a player with a below-average ERA and an above-average xFIP has been "unlucky".
Team NERD.
Following the model of his Pitching NERD, Team NERD tries to give a quantitative value to the aesthetic value of each of the 30 baseball teams. For factors it accounts for "Age," "Park-Adjusted weighted Runs Above Average (wRAA)," "Park-Adjusted Home Run per Fly Ball (HR/FB)," "Team Speed," "Bullpen Strength," "Team Defense," "Luck" (Base Runs – Actual Runs Scored), and "Payroll".
formula_2
In a recent interview Cistulli admitted that there is a disconnect between The Rays high tNERD rating and low attendance saying that he is considered adding a "park-adjustment" to his formula which would reflect either the stadium itself or "attendance relative to the stadium's capacity" but overall reception of this statistic has been positive and Fangraphs started reporting Team NERD in Cistulli's One Night Only columns beginning August 23, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="29822312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822312" title="MediaInfo">
MediaInfo

MediaInfo is a free and open-source program that displays technical information about media files, as well as tag information for many audio and video files. It is used in many programs such as XMedia Recode, MediaCoder, eMule, and K-Lite Codec Pack. It can be easily integrated into any program using a supplied MediaInfo.dll. MediaInfo supports popular video formats (e.g. AVI, WMV, QuickTime, Real, DivX, XviD) as well as lesser known or emerging formats such as MKV including WebM. In 2012 MediaInfo 0.7.57 was also distributed in the PortableApps format.
MediaInfo provides a command-line interface for displaying the provided information on all supported platforms. Additionally, a GUI for viewing the information on Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X is provided. Users that want to have the Windows GUI version of the software can choose to download it bundled with the OpenCandy installer to support the software's creators.
Technical information.
MediaInfo reveals information such as:
MediaInfo 0.7.51 and newer retrieve codec information optionally from tags or by computation. Thus in the case of misleading tags erroneous codec information may be presented.
Supported Input Formats.
MediaInfo supports just about any video and audio file including:
Supported operating systems.
MediaInfo supports Microsoft Windows XP or later, Mac OS X, Solaris and many Linux and BSD distributions. MediaInfo also provides source code so essentially any operating system or platform can be supported. An old version 0.7.60 for Windows 95 to 2000 exists. 
There is a Doom9 thread for MediaInfo developers also covering simplified and modified 
implementations.
Licensing.
Up to version 0.7.62 the MediaInfo library was licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License, while GUI and CLI were provided under the terms of the GNU General Public License. Starting with version 0.7.63 the project switched to a BSD 2-clause license ("Simplified BSD License").

</doc>
<doc id="29822318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822318" title="John Anthony (physician)">
John Anthony (physician)

John Anthony (1585–1655) was an English physician.
Anthony was the son of Francis Anthony. He was educated at Pembroke College, Cambridge, graduating as M.B. in 1613, M.D. in 1619. He was admitted as a licentiate of the College of Physicians, London, in 1625. According to the "Biographia Britannica" he gained a handsome income from the sale of his father's "Aurum Potabile"; according to Dr. Munk, he succeeded to the more reputable part of his father's practice.
A John Anthony served in the civil war, on the parliamentary side, as surgeon to Colonel Sandys (Mercurius Rusticus, ed. 1685, p. 125). He was the author of a devotional work, "The Comfort of the Soul, laid down by way of Meditation ...", "by John Anthony, Dr. of Physick, London, 1654, 4to." The same work in the same impression was afterwards issued with a new title-page as "Lucas Redivivus, or the Gospell Physitian, by J. A., Dr. of Physick, London, 1656, 4to." In the British Museum (Sloane MS. 489) is a small notebook, bound with the arms of Charles I, entitled "Joannis Antonii Praxis Medica", containing notes in Latin on various diseases and their treatment. In it Paracelsus is quoted as the authority for a certain prescription. The notes are evidently for private use, not intended for publication, but clearly belong to this John Anthony.

</doc>
<doc id="29822361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822361" title="Corey Fienhage">
Corey Fienhage

Corey Fienhage (born May 4, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing for the Orlando Solar Bears in the ECHL. Fienhage was selected by the Buffalo Sabres in the 3rd round (81st overall) of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Fienhage attended the University of North Dakota where he played two seasons of NCAA college hockey with the University of North Dakota men's ice hockey team. He then played 2010–11 season in the Western Hockey League (WHL) with the Kamloops Blazers before making his professional debut with the Portland Pirates near the end of the 2010–11 AHL season.
On October 4, 2011, the Rochester Americans signed Fienhage to an American Hockey League contract.
On July 22, 2013 the Orlando Solar Bears announced they had signed Fienhage to a contract for the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="29822408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822408" title="Davenport Crematorium">
Davenport Crematorium

The Davenport Crematorium is located in Fairmont Cemetery in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The facility opened in 1891 and the first cremation was that of Otto Kochert. It is the ninth oldest crematorium still in existence in the United States. The building now houses the cemetery’s offices.
Fairmount Cemetery.
The cemetery was established in 1881 by stockholders who were mostly of German descent. The first burial in the cemetery was John Dibbern on August 1, 1881. It acquired the name Fairmount Cemetery in 1900. A mausoleum, with 530 crypts, was constructed in 1929.
See also.
Other buildings designed by Frederick G. Clausen:

</doc>
<doc id="29822438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822438" title="Frunzensky District">
Frunzensky District

Frunzensky District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29822473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822473" title="Sir Matthew Appleyard">
Sir Matthew Appleyard

Sir Mathew Appleyard ("c."1607–1670), was an English military commander.
Appleyard was the son of Thomas Appleyard, the descendant of a family whose residence for several generations was Burstwick Hall Garth, in the East Riding of Yorkshire. In the English Civil War he took the side of the royalists, and was knighted on the field by Charles I. On the taking of Leicester, the king 'presently made Sir Mathew Appleyard, a soldier of known courage and experience, his lieutenant governor.' He married Frances, daughter of the third Sir William Pelham, of Brocklesby, Lincolnshire; sat in the House of Commons of England as member for the corporation of Hedon from 1661; was one of his majesty's customers for the port of Kingston-upon-Hull; was a firm supporter of Church and State, and died in 1669 in the 63rd year of his age.
His son Matthew (c.1660–1700) was also an MP for Hedon.

</doc>
<doc id="29822489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822489" title="Hans Dortenmann">
Hans Dortenmann

Hans Dortenmann (11 December 1921 – 1 April 1973) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross () during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Dortenmann was born 11 December 1921 at Weingarten. He served in the infantry until April 1941 when he transferred to the Luftwaffe to undergo pilot training. After training Leutnant Dortenmann was posted to Jagdgeschwader 54 on the Northern sector of the Eastern front.
He gained his first victory on 6 February 1944, colliding with a Lavochkin La-5 fighter. Dortenmann managed to belly-land his damaged Fw 190A-6 on his return to base. In June 2./JG 54 was withdrawn and relocated to the Western front, joining III./JG 54. Dortenmann had claimed some 14 victories by this and on 20 June 1944 was promoted to "Staffelkapitän" of 2./JG 54. The unit was then redesignated 12./JG 54. Dortenmann was shot down near Paris on 26 June but managed to bale out.
Over the Western front Dortenmann claimed six fighters shot down. In mid-August, III./JG 54 was withdrawn to Germany to received the new Fw 190 D-9 "Dora-9", becoming operational in October. 12./JG 54 and Leutnant Dortenmann were based at Achmer to fly airfield protection cover for the Me 262 jet fighters of Kommando Nowotny. On 29 December Dortenmann shot down a Spitfire near Münster. Dortenmann was made acting Gruppenkommandeur of III./JG 54 on 30 December.
On 25 December, III./JG 54 was placed under operation command of Major Karl Borris with I./JG 26 for Operation Bodenplatte. On 1 January 1945, Dortenmann led III./JG 54 against Brussels-Grimbergen airfield, from which 12 Fw 190s failed to return. 12./JG 54 was thus disbanded on 19 February 1945 with aircrew distributed throughout III./JG 54. Dortenmann now took command of 11./JG 54. In late February, III./JG 54 was absorbed into JG 26 with 11./JG 54 becoming 14./JG 26.
On 29 March 1945 Oberleutnant Dortenmann became Staffelkapitän of 3./JG 26 and awarded the Ritterkreuz on 20 April for 35 victories. On 27 April Dortenmann shot down a Soviet Yak-3 over Berlin. Hans Dortenmann survived the war but died on 1 April 1973.
Hans Dortenmann was credited with 38 victories in some 150 combat missions, with 16 victories over the Eastern front and 22 over the Western front. He recorded 18 victories with the Fw 190 D-9,the most successful fighter pilot with this type.
He possibly claimed the Tempest V shot down of French ace Pierre Clostermann on 28 March 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="29822500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822500" title="2G spectrum scam">
2G spectrum scam

All the speculations of profit, loss, and no-loss were put to rest on 2 February 2012 when the Supreme Court of India delivered judgement on a public interest litigation (PIL) which was directly related to the 2G spectrum scam. The Supreme Court declared the allotment of spectrum as "unconstitutional and arbitrary" and quashed all 122 licenses issued in 2008 during the tenure of A. Raja (then minister for communications & IT from 2007 to 2009) the main official accused in the 2G scam case. The court further said that A. Raja "wanted to favour some companies at the cost of the public exchequer" and "virtually gifted away important national asset." The zero loss theory was further demolished on 3 August 2012 when as per the directions of the Supreme Court, the Government of India revised the base price for 5 MHz 2G spectrum auction to , leading the value of spectrum to amount to roughly per MHz: a figure close to the CAG's estimate of per MHz.
The original plan for awarding licences was to follow a first-come-first-served policy to applicants. A. Raja manipulated the rules so that the first-come-first-served policy would kick in – not on the basis of who applied first for a license but who complied with the conditions. On 10 January 2008, companies were given just a few hours to provide their Letters of Intent and cheques. Those allegedly tipped off by Raja were waiting with their cheques and other documents. Some of their executives were sent to jail along with the minister.
In 2011, "Time" magazine listed the scam at number two on their "Top 10 Abuses of Power" list (just behind the Watergate scandal).
Background.
India is divided into 22 telecommunications zones with 281 zonal licenses in the market. In 2008, 122 new second generation (2G) Unified Access Service (UAS) licenses were given to telecom companies at the 2001 price and on a first-come-first-serve basis. As per the charge sheet filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), several rules were violated and bribes were paid to favor certain firms while awarding 2G spectrum licenses. The audit report of Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) says that several licenses were issued to firms with no prior experience in the telecom sector or were ineligible or had suppressed relevant facts. In November 2007 former Prime Minister of India Dr Manmohan Singh had written a letter to telecom minister A. Raja directing him to ensure allotment of 2G spectrum in a fair and transparent manner and to ensure license fee was properly revised. Raja wrote back to the prime minister rejecting many of his recommendations. In the same month Ministry of Finance wrote a letter to Department of Telecommunications (DOT) raising concerns over the procedure adopted by it but DOT went ahead with its plan of giving 2G licenses. It advanced the cut-off date to 25 September, from 1 October 2007. Later on the same day, DoT posted an announcement on its website saying those who apply between 3:30 and 4:30 pm on that very day would be issued licenses in accordance with the said policy. Companies like Unitech and Swan Telecom got licenses without any telecom experience.
Swan Telecom got the license even though it did not meet eligibility criteria. Swan got a license for and then it sold 45% stake to UAE-based company Etisalat for . Unitech Wireless, a subsidiary of the Unitech Group, got license for and later sold 60% stake for to Norway-based company Telenor.
Following is the list of companies who received 2G licenses during the tenure of A. Raja as Telecom Minister. (The licenses were later quashed by Supreme Court)
Parties accused of Involvement.
The selling of the licenses brought attention to three groups of entities – politicians and bureaucrats who had the authority to sell licenses, corporations who were buying the licenses and media professionals who mediated between the politicians and the corporations.
Politicians accused.
Politicians named as accused in the chargesheet filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and the Directorate General of Income Tax Investigation in the Special CBI Court, allegations levelled against them by CBI and charges framed against them by the Special CBI court.
Pramod Mahajan.
CBI decided to include the name of late Pramod Mahajan in a separate column of the charge sheet to be filed by it soon against three cellular companies and former officials in connection with alleged irregularities in spectrum allocation during NDA regime causing a loss of Rs 5.08 billion to the exchequer.
Bureaucrats accused.
Bureaucrats named as accused in the chargesheet filed by CBI in the Special CBI Court, allegations levelled against them by CBI and charges framed against them by the Special CBI court.
Corporate executives accused.
Corporates named as accused in the chargesheet filed by CBI in the Special Court and charges framed against them by the Special court.
Corporations accused.
Companies named in the chargesheet filed by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and charges framed against them.
Swan Telecom.
Other companies named in the chargesheet are:
Media role.
Media sources such as "OPEN" and "Outlook" reported that two senior journalists Barkha Dutt (group editor of NDTV) and Vir Sanghvi (editorial director of "Hindustan Times") knew that corporate lobbyist Nira Radia was influencing the decisions of appointment of telecom minister. Radia wanted A Raja to be appointed as the telecom minister. The two magazines made public the telephone conversations between Nira Radia, Barkha Dutt & Vir Sanghvi. Radia's phones were being tapped by the Income Tax Department. Critics allege that Barkha Dutt and Vir Sanghvi knew about the nexus between the government and the media industry but still they supported this corrupt activity and suppressed news reporting the discovery of the corrupt practice.
Chronology of events and investigation.
The Centre for Public Interest Litigation filed the first petition against the Union of India for irregularities in awarding 2G spectrum licenses. The petition alleged that the government had lost $15.53 billion by issuing spectrum in 2008 based on 2001 prices, and by not following a competitive bidding process. This led to further petitions and the launch of a probe in 2010.
Licenses quashed.
On 2 February 2012 Supreme Court of India delivered judgement on petitions filed by Subramanian Swamy and Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) which had challenged allotment of 2G licenses granted in 2008. The Supreme Court quashed all 122 spectrum licences granted during the tenure of former communications minister A Raja. and described the allocation of 2G spectrum as "unconstitutional and arbitrary". The bench of Justice GS Singhvi & Justice AK Ganguly imposed fine of on Unitech Wireless, Swan telecom and Tata Teleservices and fine on Loop Telecom, S Tel, Allianz Infratech and Sistema Shyam Tele Services Ltd. The Supreme Court's ruling said the current licences will remain in place for four months, in which time the government should decide fresh norms for issuing licences.
The Supreme Court said in its order that then telecom minister A. Raja "wanted to favour some companies at the cost of the public exchequer" and listed seven steps he took to ensure this happened. According to the Supreme Court of India the seven steps were :
GTEL Teleservice affected by cancellation of licenses.
The table below shows list of companies whose license were cancelled
GTEL Teleservice Maxis deal controversy.
On 6 June 2011, former Aircel Chief C Sivasankaran complained to the CBI that he was not given telecom licence and Dayanidhi Maran (the then telecom minister) forced him to sell his company Aircel to Malaysia-based Maxis Communications group owned by T Ananda Krishnan. The licences were allegedly issued "only after" the deal was struck. Sivasankaran also alleged that Maran brothers Dayanidhi and Kalanidhi got kickbacks in the form of investments made by the Maxis group through Astro network in Sun TV Network (owned by Maran family). Dayanidhi Maran was forced to resign due to these allegations on 7 July 2011.
Subsequently on 10 Oct 2011, the CBI registered a case and raided various properties owned by Marans. CBI sources said they could not find any evidence of coercion in the sale of Aircel, but they did find substantial evidence that Maran had favoured the takeover of the company by Maxis and deliberately delayed Sivasankar's files. On 8 February 2012, ED registered money laundering case against Dayanidhi Maran and his brother Kalanithi Maran for allegedly receiving illegal gratification of about 5.5 billion in the Aircel-Maxis deal.
During the CBI probe, Sivasankaran told that the Maran brothers had allegedly issued life threats forcing him to sell his 74% stake in Aircel to Maxis. He provided the CBI a list of over 10 witnesses, to prove his allegations. In September 2012, CBI said that it has finished the investigations within India and is waiting for response of a Letters Rogatory sent to Malaysia and a questionnaire sent to T Ananda Krishnan, after which it will file a chargesheet.
Dr Subramanian Swamy alleged that in 2006, a company controlled by then Minister of Finance P Chidambaram's son Karti got five per cent stake in Sivasankaran's Aircel to get part of Rs 40 billion that the Maxis Communications paid for 74 per cent stake in Aircel. He alleged that Mr Chidambaram withheld the FIPB clearance to the deal till his son got the five per cent shares in Siva's company.
Subsequently the issue was raised on multiple times in Parliament of India by the opposition which demanded resignation of Mr P Chidambaram. He and the government denied all the allegations. However, according to The Pioneer and India Today reports, documents show that approval to the FDI proposal was indeed delayed about 7 months by P Chidambaram.
Joint Parliamentary Committee.
The JPC will consist of 30 members out of which 15 will be from the UPA and 15 from the Opposition.
The Committee will have 20 members from the Lok Sabha and 10 Rajya Sabha MPs.
Among the Lok Sabha MPs who will be part of the committee, eight are from Congress and four from BJP.
Following is the list or Names of JPC Committee members who will investigate the 2G scam.
Speaker Meira Kumar will nominate one among the members as chairman of the JPC.

</doc>
<doc id="29822549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822549" title="Jesus' Son (short story collection)">
Jesus' Son (short story collection)

"Jesus' Son" is a collection of linked short stories by American author Denis Johnson. 
Subject matter.
The book takes its title from the Velvet Underground song "Heroin", and concerns the exploits of several addicts living in rural America, as they engage in drug use, petty crime and even murder. The stories are linked by shared locations (such as a dive bar in small-town Iowa) and repeated imagery. They are all narrated by troubled young men, who may in fact be a single troubled young man. 
The book is famous for its seemingly chaotic narrative style, which mirrors the mental states of its narrators. "Car Crash While Hitchhiking" features a mentally-addled narrator who claims to have extra-sensory perception, which allows him to experience in the present a deadly car crash that won't happen until much later in the narrative. Despite his foreknowledge, he enters the car he claims to know will inevitably crash. "Emergency" is narrated from the perspective of a hospital janitor driving around under the influence of hallucinogens as he accidentally kills several baby rabbits and helps to save a man who's been stabbed in the eye by his wife. The book ends on a more hopeful note as the final narrator enters a recovery program and begins to hold down a stable job.
Content.
"Steady Hands at Seattle General".
Two men converse with each other while in Detox at Seattle General Hospital. The two men are the narrator and his roommate, Bill. Both characters mention different types of drugs such as alcohol, cigarettes, and most importantly Haldol. Haloperidol is an antipsychotic drug, therefore we understand that the character is struggling with addiction. Knowing this gives the story a different tone because we understand that the characters are probably not thinking clearly. The narrator and Bill are in detox frequently, and they do not see it as a negative thing. They simply live one day at a time and being in detox is just part of their life. Bill reveals that this life of drugs and detox he lives cannot be sustained much longer. At the end of story, the narrator tells Bill he is going to be alright, but Bill disagrees with him by pointing to the bullet hole on his face.
"Beverly Home".
This story begins with the narrator discussing his job at a home for disabled people called "Beverly Home." He lists some of the more unusual clients of the home, then details how he starts watching a woman shower after work every day. The narrator shares his thoughts of raping her, but would be ashamed to be seen by her. Eventually, the woman's husband comes home and the narrator decides to leave. He also details his romantic relationship with a woman whose arms and legs are disproportionately small. Despite the fact that the narrator claims to not want to get to know this woman very well, they often eat out at Mexican restaurants, where the narrator learns that this woman works at an airline ticket counter. During this relationship, he continues watching the woman shower, eventually becoming obsessed with the idea of watching her and her husband have sex. When it finally happens, the curtains are closed and he can only hear the noises. After this, he starts dating a woman who suffered from encephalitis as a child, and half of her body is paralyzed as a result. Her paralysis is significantly worse in the morning, which the narrator calls "unwholesome, and very erotic." The narrator then discusses the woman's ex-boyfriends, many of whom have died and the narrator pities. The story ends with the narrator, a recovering drug addict, noting that he is getting a little better every day in the midst of people who he calls "weirdos." Yet, he still identifies with them as he expresses his surprise that there is a place for "people like us."
Film adaptation.
In 1999, the book was adapted into a film of the same name starring Billy Crudup, Samantha Morton, Denis Leary, Jack Black, Dennis Hopper and Holly Hunter. It was directed by Alison Maclean and was received well by critics. It represents a rare attempt at turning a collection of short stories into a single, feature-length film. Johnson appears in the film briefly, playing the role of a man stabbed in the eye by his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="29822569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822569" title="I Go to Pieces">
I Go to Pieces

"I Go to Pieces" is a song written by Del Shannon which became a Top Ten hit for Peter and Gordon in 1965.
Del Shannon.
Del Shannon had written "I Go to Pieces" for an R&B singer named Lloyd Brown whom Shannon discovered at a Michigan nightclub. Shannon arranged and produced Brown's recording but was unable to find a label interested in releasing the track. Shannon did attempt to himself record "I Go to Pieces" in the August 1964 session at Mira Sound Studios NYC, which yielded Shannon's single "Do You Wanna Dance" and its B-side "This is All I Have to Give". However Shannon was unable to cut a satisfactory vocal of "I Go to Pieces" before the three hours booked for the session ran out.
Following the success of the Peter and Gordon version of "I Go to Pieces", Del Shannon himself recorded the song at Bell Sound Studio NYC in March 1965. Basing his version on the arrangement utilized by Peter and Gordon, Shannon's version of his own composition was effectively one of a number of covers of recent hits which comprised his album "One Thousand Six Hundred Sixty One Seconds with Del Shannon." Shannon also sang on the remake of "I Go to Pieces" by Nils Lofgren on his 1981 album "Night Fades Away".
Peter and Gordon.
"I Go to Pieces" passed to Peter and Gordon when that duo and Del Shannon along with the Searchers shared the bill for a tour of Australia in the second half of 1964. At one of that tour's venues Shannon pitched "I Go to Pieces" to the Searchers singing it for the group in their dressing room: Peter and Gordon in the dressing room next door overheard Shannon singing "I Go to Pieces" to the Searchers - who weren't interested in it - and recognizing the song's potential to become a Merseybeat-style hit Peter and Gordon asked Shannon to let them record it. Peter and Gordon recorded "I Go to Pieces" at Abbey Road Studios with John Burgess producing and Geoff Love as arranger/conductor; as well as Peter and Gordon themselves playing guitars the session featured Vic Flick on twelve string guitar.
Released in the UK on 20 November 1964, "I Go to Pieces" became the second consecutive Peter and Gordon single to miss the UK Top 50 but like the preceding "Nobody I Know", despite missing the UK charts it became a hit in the US where the "British Invasion" craze was at its height in 1964-65. Released in the US in December 1964, "I Go to Pieces" entered the Top Ten of the "Billboard" Hot 100 that February. The title track of Peter and Gordon's third US album release, "I Go to Pieces" was cited in 1999 by Gordon Waller as his favorite of the duo's songs. Peter and Gordon's first three singles had all been Lennon–McCartney compositions; "I Go to Pieces" began a series of four single releases by the duo which were covers of American songs.
"I Go to Pieces" afforded Peter and Gordon an international hit reaching number 11 in Sweden while in Australia the track was a double A-side hit reaching number 26 in tandem with its flip "Love Me Baby". 
"I Go to Pieces" was one of 150 songs which Clear Channel Communications requested the 1,170 radio stations which the company owns across the US to not play in the wake of the September 11 2001 terrorist attacks, drawing the comment from Peter Asher that: "I suppose a song about someone going to pieces could be upsetting if someone took it literally" (Asher did object to the inclusion of Peter & Gordon's "A World Without Love" on the list: "sentiment [is as true in crisis as it is in normal times. It's a totally pro-love sentiment and could only be helpful right now.")
Peter and Gordon reformed after a gap of 37 years to perform "I Go to Pieces" at the Mike Smith Tribute Concert at BB King's House of Blues in New York City on August 2, 2005. The song is also one of the Peter & Gordon hits performed in the multimedia live show "Peter Asher: A Musical Memoir of the '60s and Beyond" which Peter Asher has been mounting across the US since 2010, with Asher's keyboardist Jeff Alan Ross harmonizing with Asher.
Remakes.
Cotton Lloyd & Christian.
"I Go to Pieces" was remade in 1975 by Cotton Lloyd & Christian for the group's self-titled 20th Century Records album release of August 1975 produced by group member Michael Lloyd with Mike Curb: released as a single, the track reached number 66 on the Hot 100 in "Billboard", which magazine's Easy Listening chart afforded the track a number 10 peak.
In the UK the Cotton Lloyd & Christian version of "I Go to Pieces" almost accrued enough interest to bring the song for the first time into the UK chart then officially a Top 50: however the track lost momentum to stall at number 51 UK: in Australia the single reached number 62. The Cotton Lloyd & Christian version of "I Go to Pieces" became a major hit in the Netherlands reaching number 17 in February 1976 with the track being included on the Dutch release of the group's "Number Two" album.
In 1976 the tracks from the "Cotton Lloyd & Christian" album - including "I Go to Pieces" - were utilized for the soundtrack of the teen film "The Pom Pom Girls" with unsold copies of the "Cotton Lloyd & Christian" album being repackaged/redistributed as "The Pom Pom Girls" soundtrack album. The Cotton Lloyd & Christian single of "I Go to Pieces" was released in France in 1977 being branded as a soundtrack item from "Lache-moi les baskets" (the title for "The Pom Pom Girls" in its French release) and featuring a distinct B-side from the single's earlier releases, with the track "I Can Sing, I Can Dance" replacing "Mr. Rock 'N' Roll".
Chris Christian of Cotton Lloyd & Christian would include "I Go to Pieces" in medley with "Don't Worry Baby" and "Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing" on his 1986 live album release "Live At Six Flags".
Also.
Subsequent to the Cotton Lloyd & Christian version, Michael Lloyd would produce two further remakes of "I Go to Pieces" the first also for 20th Century Records: specifically a 1976 single release by Leif Garrett which was the first attempt - and an unsuccessful one - to turn the teen actor into a hit recording artist. Then in 1981 Michael Lloyd himself had a self-produced solo single release of "I Go to Pieces" on Arista Records.
In 1979 Rachel Sweet remade "I Go to Pieces", that track and "Sad Song" being recorded to augment Sweet's 1978 UK album release "Fool Around" for its US release. The new tracks were both produced by David Mackay and Barrie Guard; Sweet had wanted to work with Mackay on the basis of his work with Bonnie Tyler. "I Go to Pieces" was issued as the lead single for the US release of "Fool Around" in August 1979: the track did not chart in the US but did reach number 39 in Australia.
"I Go to Pieces" has twice appeared on the "Billboard" C&W chart, the first time in 1988 when Dean Dillon took the song to a number 39 peak, the track being a single off Dillon's "Slick Nickel" album. In 1990 an a cappella remake of "I Go to Pieces" by Southern Pacific reached number 31 C&W: the number had been a Southern Pacific concert staple since the band's 1984 inception before being recorded in the summer of 1989 for their January 1990 album release "Country Line" album with the track being issued as a single in February 1990 - the month of its composer Del Shannon's death - although it only gradually accrued support to reach the C&W Top 40 that May. Southern Pacific member Keith Knudsen would allege resistance to the band's version of "I Go to Pieces" from C&W radio: "ten or so big stations...wouldn't even test it. We heard [program directors say things like - 'Well, there's no music on it'...Or - 'Well, I liked it, but that's an old Pop song we can't use it.' Meanwhile, on the stations that did play it, it was the most requested record that we ever had."
Guys Next Door performed "I Go to Pieces" on their self-titled TV series, the video being shown in the episodes broadcast October 27 1990 and November 17 1990. Although not included in the US edition of the group's self-titled 1991 album release, "I Go to Pieces" was included in the UK edition of "Guys Next Door", the UK edition featuring an additional five tracks to the US edition's ten.
Besides the Nils Lofgren remake (featuring vocals by Del Shannon) on Lofgren's 1981 "Night Fades Away" album, "I Go to Pieces" has also been recorded by David Frizzell ("My Life is Just a Bridge"/ 1993), Sonny Geraci ("On the Verge"/ 2000), the Ian Mitchell Band ("Suddenly You Love Me"/ 2008), Joe Pernice ("It Feels So Good When I Stop"/ 2009), Colleen Peterson ("Takin' My Boots Off"/ 1978), Streetnix ("Listen"/ 1993), Gyllene Tider (B-side of 1982 single "Flickan I En Cole Porter-Sång"), Bobby Vinton ("Bobby Vinton"/ 1988), Albert West ("West & Friends"/ 1988) and the Wynners ("Love & Other Pieces"/ 1975). A rendering in Italian as "Il mare non racconta mai" was a 1967 single release by Camaleonti (it). Also the Finnish rendering "Palasiksi Hajoan" was recorded by Rock Ola & the Charades for their self-titled 1993 album.

</doc>
<doc id="29822604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822604" title="Gergő Nagy">
Gergő Nagy

Gergő Nagy (born 7 January 1993 in Gyula) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Budapest Honvéd FC.
Club statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 1 June 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="29822617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822617" title="Hunter's Point South">
Hunter's Point South

Hunter's Point South is a future mixed-use development for middle income residents situated on approximately 30 acres of prime waterfront property in in Long Island City, the westernmost neighborhood of the New York City borough of Queens. Up to 5,000 housing units, 60 percent of which will be affordable to middle-income families, are expected to be developed on the site.
__NOTOC__
Description.
The plan calls for a 10-year build-out of 5,000 dwelling middle-income units, 1,100-seat intermediate/high school, waterfront park of , for commercial development, of community space. A November 2008 "New York Times" article reported that critics of the plan said it goes too far in benefiting middle-class households at the expense of lower-income ones, while officials countered that it is intended to address the exodus of middle-class families from the city because of rising housing costs. Only families earning between $55,000 and $158,000 would be eligible for units, although the median household income in Queens was only $51,290.
The first phase of the project will include the construction of 925 units of housing on two development parcels. Construction of the buildings, as well as the school and a portion of the waterfront park, were originally planned for mid-summer 2010. Originally, officials said that 75% of the units would be set aside for middle- to lower-income families with household incomes ranging from $32,000 to $130,000 a year for a family of four. In November 2011, it was announced that all of the units would be affordable housing. One tower will be 37 stories; the other, 32. The two towers, connected at their bases, will have commercial space at their ground floors, as well as provisions for a pre-kindergarten, a medical facility, a rock climbing wall, and restaurants. The second phase of the project, to the south of the current lot, will be even larger, with 1139 apartments, 796 of them affordable. 
A ground-breaking ceremony, planned for October 2012, was delayed to March 4, 2013. The project was originally expected to finish its first phase in 2014, but will now finish in 2015. The project was briefly delayed by a $13 million window procuration dispute in April 2014, but construction was quickly restarted. A Request for Proposals for the second phase of the project, which includes development of a lot south of the two buildings, was issued on May 28, 2014, for the site's infrastructure.
The Phase 1 waterfront park opened on August 27, 2013. The 1,100-seat school building in the development's Phase 1 opened in September 2013, with 52 classrooms, science labs, an auditorium, a gym, a library, and a cafeteria.

</doc>
<doc id="29822625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822625" title="Motarjem">
Motarjem

Motarjem (Persian: مترجم ; Persian for translator) is a quarterly magazine published in Mashhad in Iran, dedicated to translation. It is published privately by Ali Khazaee Far. Its contributors include Karim Emami, Abdollah Kowsari, Goli Emami, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="29822640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822640" title="Society of Christ Fathers">
Society of Christ Fathers

The Society of Christ Fathers for Poles Living Abroad (SChr) (Latin: "Societas Christi pro Emigrantibus Polonis"; Polish: Towarzystwo Chrystusowe dla Polonii Zagranicznej) - Roman Catholic Society of Apostolic Life founded by the then Primate of Poland, Cardinal August Hlond, in cooperation with Fr. Ignacy Posadzy, September 8, 1932.
History.
After Poland regained independence in 1918, church and civil authorities made efforts to provide Poles living in other countries with every manner of assistance, especially spiritual care. Church leaders in Poland could not ignore the requests for Polish priests raised by Poles in all corners of the world. As guardian of the Polish emigrants abroad, Primate Cardinal A. Hlond consulted with the Holy See how to meet this demand. After receiving a directive from Pope Pius XI, he established the religious institute of the Society of Christ to Polish Migrants in 1932. Hlond charged Fr. Ignacy Posadzy, a priest of the Archdiocese of Gniezno-Poznan, with the execution of this task and he is considered the co-founder of the Society of Christ.
Because of changes brought about after the Polish October, 1956 was a watershed moment in the realizing the mission of the Society. The first priests began to travel to the territories of their mission work. They are present in a number of countries including New Zealand, Brazil, Australia, Germany, France, Canada, the United States.
On 22 April 1950, the Holy See issued Decretum Laudis recognizing the presence of The Society of Christ Fathers in the Universal Church.
Congregation structure.
The Order, and the realization of its mission, is directed by the Superior General and General Council. It is divided into provinces, which are the overseen by the Provincials and Provincial Councils.

</doc>
<doc id="29822643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822643" title="Bengasi (film)">
Bengasi (film)

Bengasi is a 1942 Italian war film directed by Augusto Genina and starring Fosco Giachetti, Maria von Tasnady and Amedeo Nazzari. The film was shot at Cinecittà in Rome. The film was a propaganda work, designed to support the Fascist regime of Benito Mussolini. It portrays Allied atrocities such as the murder of a peasant by a group of drunken Australian soldiers.
It was presented at the Venice Film Festival and won the Mussolini Cup as the best Italian film while Fosco Giachetti won the best actor award. It proved popular with audiences, and was re-released in 1955 with some new scenes added.
Synopsis.
The film is set in 1941 during the Second World War, when the city of Benghazi in Italian-ruled Libya was occupied by British forces. Italian inhabitants of Benghazi work to resist the British and discover their military plans. One man, Captain Enrico Berti, appears to be collaborating with the British but is in fact working undercover for Italian intelligence. The film ends with the city being recaptured by Italian troops and their Nazi German allies.

</doc>
<doc id="29822661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822661" title="The Countess of Castiglione">
The Countess of Castiglione

The Countess of Castiglione (Italian:La contessa Castiglione) is a 1942 Italian historical film directed by Flavio Calzavara and starring Doris Duranti, Andrea Checchi and Renato Cialente. The film portrays the life of the nineteenth century Italian aristocrat Virginia Oldoini, Countess of Castiglione, best known as the lover of Napoleon III of France.

</doc>
<doc id="29822676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822676" title="Richárd Czár">
Richárd Czár

Richárd Czár (born 13 August 1992 in Komló) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Sopron.

</doc>
<doc id="29822681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822681" title="Rondini in volo">
Rondini in volo

Rondini in volo is a 1949 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Capuano. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29822688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822688" title="Sicilian Uprising">
Sicilian Uprising

Sicilian Uprising or Sicilian Vespers (Italian:Vespro siciliano) is a 1949 Italian historical drama film directed by Giorgio Pastina and starring Marina Berti, Clara Calamai and Roldano Lupi. The film is set in 1282, showing the events leading up to the War of the Sicilian Vespers. It is based on the libretto of the Verdi opera "I vespri siciliani", which was based on an earlier play written by Eugène Scribe and Charles Duveyrier.

</doc>
<doc id="29822690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822690" title="John Argall">
John Argall

John Argall (fl. 1604) was an English cleric and logician.
Life.
Argall was admitted to Christ Church, Oxford, in the latter part of Queen Mary's reign; took the degree of M.A. in 1565, and was afterwards presented to the living of Halesworth, in Suffolk. "He was always esteemed", says Anthony Wood, "a noted disputant during his stay in the university; was a great actor in plays at Christ Church (particularly when the queen was entertained there, 1566), and, when at ripe years, a tolerable theologist and preacher".
He died suddenly at table on the occasion of a feast at Cheston, near Halesworth, and was buried in Halesworth Church on 8 October 1606.
Works.
Two tracts of Argall's are extant:

</doc>
<doc id="29822719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822719" title="List of Sporting Clube de Portugal presidents">
List of Sporting Clube de Portugal presidents

Ever since its founding in 1906, Sporting Clube de Portugal has had a total of 57 different presidents. To elect a president, Sporting Clube de Portugal paying supporters (also known as "Sócios") vote in the ballots every time an election occurs. The first president was Alfredo Augusto das Neves Holtreman, 1st Viscount of Alvalade and the current is Bruno de Carvalho, who was elected on 23 March 2013. The president who spent more years in his charge is João António dos Anjos Rocha, who served from 1973 to 1986, thirteen consecutive years. The most elected president is António Nunes Soares, Jr., being nominated a total of three times.
List of presidents.
This is a list of all the presidents of Sporting Club de Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="29822720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822720" title="Timothy Armitage">
Timothy Armitage

Timothy Armitage (died 1655), was in the year 1647 "chosen pastor of the first independent (or congregational) church in the city of Norwich". This was an offshoot from that of the venerable William Bridge's church at Great Yarmouth. It was erected into a "separate congregation" on 10 June 1644, "in the presence of several of their brethren from Yarmouth, who signified their approbation by expressions of the most tender and endeared affection". The members of both congregations had been exiles in Holland and elsewhere. They returned home on the outbreak of the English Civil War.
Armitage laboured tirelessly until his nonconformist congregation was larger than any in the city. He was superintendent (in connection with Bridge) of numerous nonconformist congregations in Norfolk and Suffolk. The following is the title-page of an unusually scarce book by him: "A Tryall of Faith, or the Woman of Canaan on Matthew xv. 21-24. Together with the Souls Sure Anchor-hold on Hebrews vi. 19, with the Wisedome of timely remembring our Creator on Eccles. xii. 1. In severall Sermons by Timothy Armitage, Late Minister of the Gospel in Norwitch'"(1661), pp. vi, 479. He died in December 1655.

</doc>
<doc id="29822745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822745" title="Oliver P. Morton (monument)">
Oliver P. Morton (monument)

Oliver P. Morton and Reliefs is a public artwork by Austrian artist Rudolph Schwarz, located on the east side of the Indiana Statehouse in Indianapolis, Indiana, at the intersection of North Capitol Avenue and West Market Street.
Description.
The Oliver P. Morton memorial is composed of three bronze statues and two bronze reliefs, one plaque on the front, and two plaques on the rear, also of bronze. The pedestals on which the statues stand are made of granite. Oliver Perry Morton stands positioned in the center, raised above the other two figures by a full figure's height. Two Union soldiers flank either side of Morton. The soldiers on the proper left is uniformed and holding a bayonet. The soldier on the proper right is holding a rifle and wearing a sword on his left; this figure is uniformed as well. Below the figures at the base of the pedestals are two flags crossed with olive branches, and there is an oak wreath of leaves and acorns in the center.
The reliefs are located on the sides of the soldiers' pedestals. The relief that faces south depicts Oliver P. Morton giving a speech. The relief that faces north shows him standing in an infirmary tent.
On the rear of the memorial are two plaques. The top plaque is located on the pedestal of Morton. It reads:
On the plaque below the first on the lower part of the pedestal are the words:
Historical information.
As seen on the memorial label, the memorial was installed in 1907. The work was commissioned by the Indiana General Assembly.
The planning of the Morton memorial began in early 1906. On February 9, 1906, the Commission met and designs were presented by Franklin Simmons from Rome, Italy; Hugh A. Price from Chicago, Ill.; and Rudolph Schwarz from Indianapolis, Indiana, for bronze figures 12 feet high and the tablets for $9000. The designs for the pedestals were planned upon contract with John R. Lowe and if accepted, architect fees would be for the same. Plans by Lowe were accepted and after legal notice was given in the newspapers, bids for the pedestals were received on April 10, 1906. The Commission accepted bid of Chas. G. Blake & Co. of Chicago, Illinois of the $7,483 for Barre granite and $10,150 for Westerly granite.
Soon after, officers of the state designated the space of the memorial as "Morton Plaza." The dimensions of the pedestals were then increased, for which the contractors were allowed an additional $935. On June 4, 1906, a contract in the amount of $7,500 was entered into for Schwarz to create the following components of the memorial: the letters of the name "Morton"; the 4.5 x 5 foot tablet that gives a brief history of life and services of Governor Morton; the Grand Army tablet that is two feet six inches by eight feet; and the two bronze statues of soldiers of the Civil War, each ten feet high.
Two balustrades were then placed on the north and south ends of Morton Plaza. The Commission again chose Chas. G. Blake & Co. Rudolph Schwarz received another contract to provide and furnish the materials for two bronze bas-reliefs to be placed on the middle columns of the balustrades for $500 apiece.
The bas-relief of the south balustrade dedicates a scene to the women of the war. It states "...while some were supplying clothing and hospital supplies, others went down to the very border line of danger to help nurse back to health the sick and wounded, when possible." The north bas-relief portrays a familiar war scene of the reception of homecoming veterans.
The materials for the foundation upon which the pedestals sit is deeply laid solid masonry of limestone and cement. The pedestal itself weighs 32 tons and required 16 horses to move it from the car to the place where it is now. The bronze of the monument weighs approximately , of which is attributed to just the Morton figure. The bronze is composed of 90% copper, 8% tin, and 2% zinc; the bronze of the balustrades and reliefs has the same composition.
Oliver Perry Throck Morton, Morton's grandson, unveiled the memorial at the age of 8. After the dedication, the only unfinished work was the paving of the plaza. Crushed granite and granite steps were installed soon thereafter at the cost of $1,139.75. The total amount that was spent on the project was $36,544.40.
Oliver Perry Morton.
Oliver Perry Morton was the first Indiana native to be governor of Indiana. He was born in Salisbury, Indiana in Wayne County. The family's name was originally Throckmorton, known by the emigration of Morton's grandfather from England around the beginning of the Revolutionary War who settled in New Jersey. Oliver's father was James T. Morton from New Jersey; his mothers maiden name was Sarah Miller. When he was young Oliver worked as a hatter's apprentice for four years before attending college at Miami University in Ohio. He studied law in Centerville, Indiana and at law school in Cincinnati, Ohio. Morton began his legal career reading law in the office of Judge Newman of Centerville.
Morton was originally a Democrat and opposed to the extension of slavery, but he became one of the organizers of the Republican Party. In 1856, after he joined the Republicans, he was one of three delegates from Indiana that attended that party's organizational convention in Pittsburgh. In 1856 he was nominated by his new party for the position of governor of Indiana. In 1860 he was elected lieutenant governor on the ticket with Henry S. Lane. He became governor when Lane was elected to the United States Senate. Morton was re-elected in 1864 and served until 1867, in which time he was elected to the United States Senate. He was re-elected in 1873 to the Senate. As Senator he worked for the adoption of the Fifteenth Amendment, was involved in the impeachment of Andrew Johnson, and was a trusted advisor of the Republicans in the South. At the national Republican convention in 1876 he received the second-highest number of votes for the presidential nomination. He was considered a leading Radical Republican during his government career. He died on November 1, 1877.
Artist.
Rudolph Schwarz (June 1840 – 14 April 1912), was an Austrian sculptor who emigrated to Indianapolis in December 1897 to help complete the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument in Indianapolis, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="29822780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822780" title="Fiat 4700">
Fiat 4700

The Fiat 4700 was an Italian turbo-generator developed by Fiat Aviazione under contract to the Italian Defence Ministry and used to power the experimental Fiat 7002 helicopter.
Design and development.
The Fiat 4700 was developed to provide power in cold-jet driven helicopters. The 4700 was a turbo-driven air compressor driven by the primary engine, a turbojet engine based on the Fiat 4002. The compressor and primary engine are mechanically independent. The engine is mounted vertically to reduce the length of the compressed-air ducts to the rotor. The engine was used on the Fiat 7002 helicopter which first flew on 26 January 1961 where the Fiat 4700 was used to power the cold tip-jets on the two-blade rotor.

</doc>
<doc id="29822798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822798" title="O.K. Ken?">
O.K. Ken?

O.K. Ken? is the second album by the blues band, Chicken Shack, released in 1969. "O.K Ken?" reached number 9 in the charts, higher than its predecessor "40 Blue Fingers, Freshly Packed and Ready to Serve". 
This album was Christine Perfect's last album as a member of Chicken Shack.

</doc>
<doc id="29822805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822805" title="Stargazer (Rainbow song)">
Stargazer (Rainbow song)

"Stargazer" is the fifth track from Rainbow's 1976 album "Rising". An epic song narrating the story of a wizard whose attempt to fly led to the enslavement of vast numbers of people, it is notable for its musical qualities as well, with the guitar and drum solos cited as important examples of the qualities of guitarist Ritchie Blackmore and drummer Cozy Powell.
Description.
The long, epic track with symphonic influences starts with a short drum solo by Cozy Powell, a "great drumming moment" frequently cited as an example of his skills. It features the Munich Philharmonic Orchestra, a mellotron, and what Ritchie Blackmore called "a string thing all playing this half-Turkish Scale". Blackmore's solo, after the second verse, is in "B" Phrygian dominant scale, and is cited as "one of his best".
The song has been called a "morality tale", and its lyrics are written from the standpoint of a "slave in Egyptian times", according to lyricist Ronnie James Dio. They relate the story of the Wizard, an astronomer become "obsessed with the idea of flying", who enslaves a vast army of people to build him a tower from which he can take off and fly. The people hope for the day when their misery comes to an end, building the tower in harsh conditions ("In the heat and rain, with whips and chains; / to see him fly, so many died"). In the end, the wizard climbs to the top of the tower but, instead of flying, falls down and dies: "no sound as he falls instead of rising. / Time standing still, then there's blood on the sand". The next song, "A Light in the Black", continues the story of the people who have lost all purpose after the Wizard's death "until they see the Light in the Dark", according to Dio.
Critical legacy.
AllMusic and MusicHound describe the song as one of Rainbow's classics, AllMusic calling it a "bombastic, strings-enriched epic". Vincent DeMasi, transcribing part of Blackmore's solo as an example of his taste for "classical drama" with a "Middle Eastern flavor", calls the song an "operatic blockbuster". Jeff Perkins argues that the "incredible epic", one of the band's highlights, derives its strength from Blackmore's guitarplaying, Dio's lyrics and vocals, and Powell's drumming.
Versions.
Alternate versions.
"Stargazer (Rough Mix)", an early mix from the 2011 Deluxe Edition of "Rising", starts with a keyboard intro played by Tony Carey and has a length of 9:08.
Personnel.
with:

</doc>
<doc id="29822812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822812" title="List of covers of Time magazine (2010s)">
List of covers of Time magazine (2010s)

This is a list of covers of "Time" magazine between 2010 and 2019. "Time" was first published in 1923. As "Time" became established as one of the United States' leading newsmagazines, an appearance on the cover of "Time" became an indicator of a person's notability, fame or notoriety. Such features were accompanied by articles about the person.
A European, Middle East and African version, an Asian version, and a South Pacific version are also published in addition to the United States edition each week. This article distinguishes when the intercontinental covers are different.
For other decades, see Lists of covers of "Time" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="29822817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822817" title="Cornelius Arnold">
Cornelius Arnold

Cornelius Arnold (1711-1757?), was a poetical writer.
Arnold was born 13 March 1711, and entered Merchant Taylors' School in 1723. The statement that he became one of the ushers in the school is incorrect. In the latter part of his life he was beadle to the Worshipful Company of Distillers.
His works are:

</doc>
<doc id="29822819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822819" title="Brett Flemming">
Brett Flemming

Brett Flemming (born February 26, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with the Reading Royals of the ECHL whilst under contract to the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL). Flemming was selected by the Capitals in the 5th round (145th overall) of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Flemming played major junior hockey in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) with the Mississauga St. Michael's Majors.
On December 2, 2010, the Capitals signed Flemming to a three-year entry-level contract. He made his professional debut in the American Hockey League with the Hershey Bears during the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="29822828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822828" title="Bucks Herald">
Bucks Herald

The Bucks Herald is a weekly newspaper, published every Wednesday and covering Aylesbury and its surrounding villages in the Aylesbury Vale area of Buckinghamshire, England. It was first published on 7 January 1832.
History.
At its launch the full title of the newspaper was "The Bucks Herald, Farmers' Journal and Advertisers' Chronicle for Bucks, Beds, Herts, Berks, Oxon, Northamptonshire". It also incorporated the "Windsor and Eton Journal". The front page of the newspaper carried only advertisements, a tradition which continued for over one hundred years. Politically it was explicitly stated to be the only newspaper in the County of Buckingham which supported the Conservative Party, a position reinforced in its editorial when it came under new management in 1856. The price in that year was reduced to 4½d. In 1872 the Management of the Herald further reduced its price to 2d having taken over two local competitors, the "Bucks Gazette" and the "Buckinghamshire, Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire Chronicle". By 1912 the "Herald" was selling at just 1d. 
Present day.
The paper covers local news, features, leisure and sport. The sport section features extensive coverage of Aylesbury United football club.
In May 2012 the paper changed from broadsheet format to compact.
Alongside the main "Bucks Herald" paper, the group also publishes the free "Bucks Advertiser" every Friday.

</doc>
<doc id="29822831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822831" title="Zones of Milan">
Zones of Milan

The current administrative division of Milan, Italy comprises nine zones (zone di decentramento, "decentralization zones") numbered from 1 to 9. The organization was established in 1997 and implemented in 1999; prior to that the city was divided in 20 administrative zones.
Zone council.
Each zone has a local government called "Consiglio di Zona" ("zone council"). The council has 41 members for zones exceeding 100,000 inhabitants, and 31 members for smaller zones (no zones currently fall in this category). Each council elects its own president.
While the 1997 plan was intended to ascribe several rights and functions to zone councils, this has been largely unattended, so that zone councils have, in practice, little power and few duties. Some of the actual functions of zone councils are:
Every council has to elect a President; for the current legislature (2011-2016), presidents are:
The nine zones.
With the exception of Zona 1, which corresponds to the historical centre of the city (defined as the part of the city that used to be surrounded by the old Spanish walls, now mostly demolished), zones are organized in a sunburst pattern, and numbered from the north-east zone clockwise (see picture above). While zones are mostly referred to by number, each zone also has an official name, usually a list of its main districts or areas.
Current zones are described in the table below, along with their names, area and population (as of December 2006), as well as a list of the main districts comprising each zone. Note that districts ("quartieri") are informal (they are not administrative divisions).

</doc>
<doc id="29822852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822852" title="Mabel Sonnier Savoie">
Mabel Sonnier Savoie

Mabel Sonnier Savoie (October 4, 1939 – July 10, 2013) was an American singer and guitar player with roots in Southern Louisiana’s country and western and Cajun music scene. She was one of the first solo female recording artists in Louisiana.
Biography.
Mabel Sonnier was born on October 4, 1939 in Opelousas, Louisiana. She began her career at age 7 with a public appearance in October 1946 at the Jennings Commission Barn where she won her first talent show and subsequently purchased her first guitar. She became a regular on the Happy Fats Amateur Hour. After the owner of KSLO radio in Opelousas heard Sonnier's powerful voice, he offered the young girl a chance to become a member of the Blue Room Gang, a local Cajun-Country band. One of Mabel's bandmates included Rod Bernard. In November 1950, the Blue Room Gang opened for Hank Williams. This exposure eventually led to Sonnier's own radio program, as well as an 18-year stint on a morning radio program where every show began with the song “Bouquet of Roses”. She was offered a contract with the Louisiana Hayride, but turned it down in order to focus on her growing family. In 1960, at the age of 20, she was offered a record contract with AMA Records and recorded “Search My Heart” and “Just Like a Child” under the stage name “Kee North”. In recognition of her accomplishment as one of the first females in Louisiana to secure a record contract, she was given the key to the City of Opelousas.
Though Sonnier mostly retired to raise three children, she began performing again publicly in 1991. She became a featured performer at The Fort Bend Opry and the Texas Country Hoedown opry style shows and became known as the “Cajun Rose”. Her signature song was her rendition of “Jolie Blon,” a French standard sung entirely in the Cajun French language.
She died on July 10, 2013 in Porter, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="29822857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822857" title="Okie Baroque">
Okie Baroque

Okie Baroque is the an EP by the Kansas City, Missouri rock band Blackpool Lights. After touring to support their 2006 debut album This Town's Disaster, the band dissolved in 2008 for unknown reasons. In early 2010 after the reunion of lead singer Jim Suptic's other band The Get Up Kids, it was announced on Twitter that Blackpool Lights had reunited and was recording new material. The album was released online on November 30, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="29822879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822879" title="Extremetube">
Extremetube


</doc>
<doc id="29822894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822894" title="Anthony Ascham (astrologer)">
Anthony Ascham (astrologer)

Anthony Ascham (fl. 1553), was an English astrologer.
He was born at Kirby Wiske, near Northallerton, Yorkshire, the third son of John Ascham (d. 1544) of Kirby Wiske, who was a yeoman farmer and steward to Lord Scrope of Bolton, and his wife, Margaret. Ascham studied at Cambridge, became M.B. in 1540, and in 1553 was presented by Edward VI to the vicarage of Burneston, Yorkshire. He is probably to be identified with Anthony, the brother of Roger Ascham (cf. Grant's Vita Axchami in Ascham's Works, ed. Giles, iv. 307).
Works.
Ascham is also the suggested author, by some researchers, of the Voynich manuscript.

</doc>
<doc id="29822904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822904" title="Teufelsmauer (Ore Mountains)">
Teufelsmauer (Ore Mountains)

The Teufelsmauer is a rock massif in the valley of the Black Pockau between Pobershau and Germany's state border with the Czech Republic. It is made of red and gray gneiss. The valley is also known as the Schwarzwasser ("Black Water"). The countryside is very attractive. A channel called the "Grüne Graben" ("Green Ditch") runs down the western slopes of the valley that used to provide the necessary water for the mines near Pobershau.
The Teufelsmauer is known today for its rock climbing.

</doc>
<doc id="29822914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822914" title="Aeroflex">
Aeroflex

Aeroflex Inc. () is an American company which produces test equipment, RF and microwave integrated circuits, components and systems used for wireless communications. Its headquarters are located in Plainview, New York.
Overview.
Aeroflex consists of Aeroflex Microelectronic Solutions (AMS), a fabless manufacturer of rad-hard and high reliability semiconductor devices and Aeroflex Test Solutions (ATS), which produces electronic test equipment. Competitors of Aeroflex include Agilent, National Instruments, Anritsu, and Rohde & Schwarz.
History.
Aeroflex owns a group of historic companies: Gaisler Research, IFR Systems Inc, Marconi Instruments, Radiation Assured Devices, Wavetek.
In 2002, acquires IFR Systems Inc, a test equipment manufacturer from Wichita, Kansas. In 1998, IFR previously acquired Marconi Instruments, a British test equipment manufacturer.
In 2007, Aeroflex was taken private by a group of private equity firms including Veritas Capital, Golden Gate Capital, GS Direct.
In 2008, Aeroflex acquires Gaisler Research, a designer of rad-hard IP for space applications, including the open source LEON processor.
In 2009, Aeroflex acquires VI Technology, a test automation company.
In 2010, Aeroflex acquires Willtek, a test equipment manufacturer from San Diego, California. Willtek was split from another company which previously acquired Wavetek.
In 2010, Aeroflex acquires Radiation Assured Devices of Colorado Springs, Colorado and changes its name to Aeroflex RAD.
In 2010, Aeroflex announced an initial public offering of 17.25 million shares.
In FY 2010, AMS and ATS contributed almost equally to net sales. The majority of sales, particularly for AMS, are in the space, avionics, and defense markets.
In May 2014, Aeroflex was acquired by the UK aerospace company Cobham plc for $1.46 billion.
Legal Actions.
In 2013, the US State Department settled with Aeroflex Incorporated over alleged violations of the Arms Export Control Act ("AECA")(22 U.S.C. § 2778) and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR")(22 C.F.R. parts 120-130). The settlement was reached relative to ITAR Section 128.11 wherein Aeroflex entered into a consent agreement with the State Department. Based on this settlement, Aeroflex paid a civil penalty of $4 million, and the State Department waived an additional $4 million penalty on the “condition the Department approves expenditures for self-initiated, pre-Consent Agreement remedial compliance measures and Consent Agreement-authorized remedial compliance costs.” Aeroflex voluntarity disclosed most of the ITAR violations resolved in this settlement, “acknowledged their serious nature, cooperated with Department reviews, and since 2008 has implemented or has planned extensive remedial measures, including the restructuring of its compliance organization, the institution of a new testing protocol of its commodities, and a revised company-wide ITAR compliance program,” according to the State Department. According to a Reuters special report, while the State Department’s investigation was underway, Aeroflex exported more than 7,000 high-tech rad-chips to China, between 2003 and 2008, after US officials had directed the company to stop the exports. 

</doc>
<doc id="29822916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822916" title="State Committee for Family, Women and Children Affairs (Azerbaijan)">
State Committee for Family, Women and Children Affairs (Azerbaijan)

The State Committee for Family, Women and Children Affairs of Azerbaijan Republic () is a governmental agency within the Cabinet of Azerbaijan in charge of regulation of activities for protection of rights of women and children and overseeing activities of non-governmental organizations involved in family in Azerbaijan Republic. The ministry is headed by Hijran Huseynova.
History.
On January 14, 1998 the State Committee on Women’s Affairs was established by Presidential Decree. The committee regulated activities related to solution of existing problems in this field. On February 6, 2006 committee expanded with additional duties for solution of problems of families and children thus being re-established as the State Committee for Family, Women and Children Affairs. Since its inception, the committees has promoted independence of women in civil societies in terms of earning for living and functioning while the lead family providers are away.
Structure.
The committee is headed by its chairman. Main functions of the committee are ensuring human and civil rights and freedoms, particularly those of women and children, prevent violation of these rights within its authority; preparation of state programs in the sector; ensuring implementation of the national treaties ratified by the Republic of Azerbaijan within its authority; 
implementation of state family policies; exploring social problems of refugees and forced migrants (children and women) and less provided families and raise the issues before the appropriate state bodies in order to resolve them; encouraging through programs implementation of woman entrepreneurship, formation of family agriculture; preparation of programs to produce new professions and increasing specializations of women in order to implement an employment strategy according to the state legislation; handling problems of martyr’s families, families that lost their men, single mothers, especially disabled women and children.
In close cooperation with NGO Alliance for Children Rights, the committee has worked on combating domestic violence in the democratic society, an education campaign conducted among the children needed in special care for prevention of violence, suicide attempts, human trafficking, children crimes, exploitation of children labor, early marriages, harmful habits, as well as for getting the religious knowledge'.

</doc>
<doc id="29822917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822917" title="2010 College Football All-America Team">
2010 College Football All-America Team

The College Football All-America Team is an honor given annually to the best American college football players at their respective positions. The original All-America team was the 1889 College Football All-America Team selected by Casper Whitney and Walter Camp. In 1950 the National Collegiate Athletic Bureau, which is the National Collegiate Athletic Association's (NCAA) service bureau, compiled the first list of All-Americans including first-team selections on teams created for a national audience that received national circulation with the intent of recognizing selections made from viewpoints that were nationwide. Since 1952, College Sports Information Directors of America (CoSIDA) has bestowed Academic All-American recognition on male and female athletes in Divisions I, II, and III of the NCAA as well as National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics athletes, covering all NCAA championship sports. 
The 2010 College Football All-America Team is composed of the following College Football All-American first teams: Associated Press (AP), Football Writers Association of America (FWAA), American Football Coaches Association (AFCA), Walter Camp Foundation (WCFF), "The Sporting News" ("TSN"), "Sports Illustrated" ("SI"), "Pro Football Weekly" ("PFW"), ESPN, CBS Sports (CBS), "College Football News" ("CFN"), Rivals.com, and Scout.com. 
Currently, NCAA compiles consensus all-America teams in the sports of Division I-FBS football and Division I men’s basketball using a point system computed from All-America teams named by coaches associations or media sources. The system consists of three points for first team, two points for second team and one point for third team. Honorable mention and fourth team or lower recognitions are not accorded any points. Football consensus teams are compiled by position and the player accumulating the most points at each position is named first team consensus all-American. Currently, the NCAA recognizes All-Americans selected by the AP, AFCA, FWAA, "TSN", and the WCFF to determine Consensus All-Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="29822921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822921" title="The Paul Street Boys (film)">
The Paul Street Boys (film)

The Paul Street Boys () is a 1935 Italian drama film directed by Mario Monicelli and Alberto Mondadori. It is based on the novel by Ferenc Molnár and was entered into the 3rd Venice International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="29822948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822948" title="Tube8.com">
Tube8.com


</doc>
<doc id="29822969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29822969" title="Sarekat Buruh Kehutanan Islam">
Sarekat Buruh Kehutanan Islam

Sarekat Buruh Kehutanan Islam ('Islamic Forest Workers Union', abbreviated SBKI) was a forest workers trade union. SBKI was affiliated to the Islamic trade union centre SARBUMUSI.

</doc>
<doc id="29823005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823005" title="Rob Flick">
Rob Flick

Rob Flick (born March 28, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing with the Providence Bruins of the American Hockey League (AHL). Flick was selected by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 4th round (120th overall) of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Flick played three seasons (2008-2010) of major junior hockey in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) with the Mississauga St. Michael's Majors where he scored 46 goals and 53 assists in 181 games played. In 2010 and 2011 Flick led the Mississauga team with 157 and 167 penalty minutes, respectively.
Flick made his professional debut in the American Hockey League with the Providence Bruins during the 2010–11 season.
On April 3, 2013, the Chicago Blackhawks traded Flick to the Boston Bruins in exchange for Max Sauve.

</doc>
<doc id="29823008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823008" title="Chaconiaceae">
Chaconiaceae

The Chaconiaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family contains 8 genera and 75 species. Most species have a tropical distribution. "Maravalia cryptostegiae" has been used with success as a biocontrol agent against rubber vine in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="29823009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823009" title="Coleosporiaceae">
Coleosporiaceae

The Coleosporiaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family contains 6 genera and 131 species.

</doc>
<doc id="29823010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823010" title="Melampsoraceae">
Melampsoraceae

Melampsoraceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family is monotypic, containing the single genus Melampsora, which contains about 90 species.

</doc>
<doc id="29823012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823012" title="Mikronegeriaceae">
Mikronegeriaceae

The Mikronegeriaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family contains 4 genera and 13 species.

</doc>
<doc id="29823013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823013" title="Phakopsoraceae">
Phakopsoraceae

The Phakopsoraceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family contains 18 genera and 205 species.

</doc>
<doc id="29823015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823015" title="Phragmidiaceae">
Phragmidiaceae

The Phragmidiaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family contains 14 genera and 164 species.

</doc>
<doc id="29823017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823017" title="Pileolariaceae">
Pileolariaceae

The Pileolariaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family contains 4 genera and 34 species.

</doc>
<doc id="29823018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823018" title="Pucciniosiraceae">
Pucciniosiraceae

The Pucciniosiraceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family contains 10 genera and 57 species.

</doc>
<doc id="29823019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823019" title="Pucciniastraceae">
Pucciniastraceae

The Pucciniastraceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family contains 11 genera and 158 species.

</doc>
<doc id="29823020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823020" title="Raveneliaceae">
Raveneliaceae

The Raveneliaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family contains 26 genera and about 323 species.

</doc>
<doc id="29823021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823021" title="Uropyxidaceae">
Uropyxidaceae

The Uropyxidaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Pucciniales. The family contains 15 genera and 149 species.

</doc>
<doc id="29823028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823028" title="Nations in Finnish universities">
Nations in Finnish universities

In Finland, student nations (in Finnish, sg. osakunta, pl. osakunnat; in Swedish (student)nation) are student organisations within which a large proportion of extra-curricular student activity takes place. Though membership is not compulsory, the nations provide one of the main nodes of student social life, along with the faculty-based organisations ("ainejärjestöt") at the universities.
The first Finnish student nations were originally established at The Royal Academy of Turku. When the Academy moved to Helsinki after the Great Fire of Turku taking the name University of Helsinki, the nations moved along with it. Their institutional form is based on the original nation system of the University of Uppsala.
There are 15 nations at the University of Helsinki, each one representing a historic region or province of Finland. Four of these nations represent Swedish-speaking regions which overlay some of the remaining 12 regions, which are Finnish-speaking regions. For example, Åbo Nation ("Turku Nation") and Varsinaissuomalainen osakunta ("Finland Proper Nation") both represent a very similar geographic region, though the former is Swedish- and the latter Finnish-Speaking. In addition to the nations at Helsinki University, there is also an association for Swedish-speaking students, Teknologföreningen, at Aalto University School of Science and Technology, and it is also legally a "nation".
The 16 nations, those at Helsinki University and Teknologföreningen, have a special legal status as their existence and overall purpose is regulated by the Universities Act. For example, at the University of Turku, there are four student nations established in the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="29823048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823048" title="Brotherhood of St Augustine of Hippo">
Brotherhood of St Augustine of Hippo

The Brotherhood of St Augustine of Hippo was an Anglican Brotherhood founded in the Free State, South Africa, in 1867, and based at Modderpoort from 1869, in the Diocese of Bloemfontein.
Bishop Edward Twells, the first Bishop of Bloemfontein, had called for the establishment of a Missionary Brotherhood in 1865. In response, the Revd Fr Henry Beckett left England for the Free State in July 1867, with seven young men who would be the founding members of the Brotherhood of St Augustine of Hippo. 
Twells had purchased the farms Modderpoort and Modderpoort Spruit in 1865 as a base for missionary work in the area, but conflict in the region prevented the first group of brothers from settling there right away. The Brotherhood thus established itself initially at Springfield near Bloemfontein, starting its missionary work at Thaba Nchu. 
Three of the group of seven fell away before the Brotherhood finally occupied Modderpoort in the autumn of 1869. Initially they occupied a cave.
A Priory and a sandstone Chapel dedicated to St Augustine were built by the brothers.
Modderpoort was taken over, in 1902, by the Anglican Society of the Sacred Mission (SSM).

</doc>
<doc id="29823087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823087" title="Virginia Mason Hospital">
Virginia Mason Hospital

Virginia Mason Hospital is a 336-bed teaching hospital in Seattle, Washington, part of the Virginia Mason Medical Center. The hospital is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF). Founded in 1920, the hospital operates several accredited residency programs that train newly graduated physicians. 
Overview.
The hospital is known for its programs to reduce healthcare operating costs. Gary Kaplan, CEO of Virginia Mason, took his entire hospital leadership staff to Toyota’s factories in Japan in 2002 to study methods of improving efficiency. In the last year with data available, Virginia Mason Hospital had 22,722 emergency room visits, 15,543 admissions, performed 7,267 inpatient surgeries and 9,973 outpatient surgeries.
History.
Virginia Mason Hospital was established in 1920 as an 80-bed hospital with offices for six physicians.
Staff at the hospital have been among the first to introduce a number of new treatments and innovations, including:
Expansion.
The hospital is currently adding an adjacent 250,000 square-foot, 7-story building which will be named the Floyd & Delores Jones Pavilion. It will house a new Emergency Department, Intensive Care Unit, and procedure and operating rooms. Also added will be the ability to isolate floors to contain any outbreaks of infectious diseases.
The expansion is needed as some of its current facilities are vulnerable to earthquakes. The hospital will begin transferring services to the new building in the second half of 2011.
Affiliations.
The hospital is affiliated with several other hospitals and health care organizations in the region: 
Graduate medical education.
Virginia Mason Medical Center operates several residency training programs for newly graduated physicians (MD and DO). The residencies are fully accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education. Programs include: anesthesiology, diagnostic radiology, general surgery, and internal medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="29823091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823091" title="Summer Rain (1937 film)">
Summer Rain (1937 film)

Summer Rain () is a 1937 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli. It was his first full-length feature film.

</doc>
<doc id="29823093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823093" title="Black Pockau">
Black Pockau

The Black Pockau ( or "Schwarzwasser", ) is a left tributary of the River Flöha in the Ore Mountains. This virtually unspoilt wild stream with a length of 33 km is known for the picturesque gorge in its middle reaches.
Its murky waters flowing from bogs in the hills give the river a dark colour. The name Pockau, which was recorded in similar form in 1292, probably comes from the Czech and means "opposed", i.e. a stream flowing from Bohemia towards the north.
Course.
The Black Pockau rises 890 metres above sea level (NHN) in a raised bog northeast of the Haßberg in the Bohemian Orwe Mountains. The Chomutovka (German: "Assigbach"), which flows into Czechia, also has its source here.
After 500 metres the stream reaches the German-Czech border at the old road between Přísečnice ("Preßnitz") and Kalek ("Kallich") and flows through the Satzung municipal pond ("Satzunger Gemeindeteich"). From here on, it forms the national border for 13 kilometres, as far as the village of Kühnhaide. In this section it passes the villages of Satzung (the former village of Ulmbach (Jilmová) on the Bohemian side opposite was demolished in 1945) and Reitzenhain (the village of "Reizenhain" (Pohraniční), that used to be on the Bohemian side, was also abandoned).
In Reitzenhain, from the rafting pond ("Floßteich") by the Neue Welt mill, a ditch known as the Reitzenhainer Zeuggraben provided water from the Black Pockau for overshot waterwheels at the old mines near Marienberg. Water is also diverted from the river at the eastern end of Kühnhaide: the Green Ditch ("Grüner Graben") once fed water for overshot wheels at the mine on the "Wildsberg" mountain near Pobershau. The village of Kienhaid ("Načetín I"), that formerly stood on the Bohemian side of the border here, was abandoned. East of Kühnhaide the river changes direction from northeast to north.
The next section of the valley as far as the Kniebreche, the gorge-like Schwarzwasser valley ("Schwarzwassertal"), is considered one of the most picturesque of German valleys in the Central Uplands and is protected as the Schwarzwassertal nature reserve. Around 1985, a dam with a storage capacity of 3.5 million m³ was planned to be built in the southern section, which would have seen the loss of Kühnhaide. These plans were shelved however.
In running through this ravine-like valley the river passes historically important witnesses to the settlem of the Ore Mountains located on the left and right banks or in the nearby vicinity. These include the ruined castle of Nonnenfelsen and the former robber baron castle of Liebenstein as well as the abandoned village of Ullersdorf that may have been associated with it.
In the remote Pobershau scattered village of "Hinterer Grund" a hydropower station is fed by water from an artificial ditch or "Kunstgraben". This is the location of the Pobershau conservation station, which offers support to those interested in nature. At the "Kniebreche" near Rittersberg the river is joined by the Red Pockau. From here on, in old maps, the river is just known as the Pockau or Große Pockau (Great Pockau).
North of the "Kniebreche" on both sides of the river are more historic sites. On the right hand bank is the ruined Nidberg Castle on the crags of the "Löwenkopffelsen" that rise 50 metres above the valley floor, and the deserted village of Schwedengraben, an old mining settlement, on a slip-off slope of the river valley.
Near Niederlauterstein, where the Lautenbach stream joins the river, the Black Pockau passes the ruins of Lauterstein Castle. Further north the Knesenbach, which rises near Ansprung, empties into the river. Further downstream it passes the Strobel Mill, which still uses water power. Here there is a water gauge belonging to the Saxon State Office for the Environment and Geology; its readings are taken regularly and available on the internet. In the municipality of Pockau the Black Pockau finally empties into the Flöha.
Economic use.
In addition to the water diverted by historic ditches for mining purposes, below Kühnhaide and near the Kniebreche are two active weirs that use the river's water power. Their use has been questioned because of their effect on the river bed.
Tourism and sport.
Walking and cycling through the Schwarzwasser valley are possible, both along the river and the along the "Grüner Graben" on the hillside above the river.
The river is suitable for canoeing and white water rafting. The "classic" 10 km long continuous section between Hinterer Grund and Pockau is even navigable at relatively low water levels. By contrast, several kilometres of challenging white water between Kühnhaide (start) and Hinterer Grund require high water levels.
Fishing is possible with a permit on the section from Pobershau as far as the confluence with the Flöha. The main species are rainbow trout, brown trout, brook trout, eel and various minnows.

</doc>
<doc id="29823098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823098" title="Das (studio)">
Das (studio)

Company information.
DAS is part of Japan's largest group of AV companies, the Hokuto Corporation, located in Ebisu, Tokyo. DAS specializes in simulated rape, bukkake, nakadashi (creampie) and humiliation videos using well-known actresses. The company was founded in 2007 and released its first four videos on April 25, 2007. These videos starred Maria Ozawa, Rin Suzuka, Reina Matsushima and Rin Aoki, four actresses who moved to the new company from another Hokuto Corporation company, S1 No. 1 Style.
DAS releases a total of about four original and compilation videos per month. The studio uses product codes beginning with "DASD" for their original videos and "DAZD" for compilation works. As of April 2014, the latest videos were DASD-250 and DAZD-057. The DMM website, the distribution arm for companies in the Hokuto Corporation, listed more than 200 DVDs under the DAS studio name in September 2011. The company also releases videos in the Blu-ray format. In March 2010 DAS announced the debut of a new label .
DAS was one of the 22 companies which participated in the 2007 Vegas Night Awards sponsored by Hokuto and was also one of the 37 studios at the 2008 Moodyz Awards.
AV Grand Prix.
DAS nominated works for both the 2008 and 2009 AV Grand Prix competition. Their 2008 entry was starring Maria Ozawa and directed by Hokusai. The 2009 submission, "The QUEEN of DAS!", was a compilation video of scenes of earlier works by Maria Ozawa. The title won the Best Violence Video Award.
Actresses.
Actresses who have appeared in videos for DAS include:

</doc>
<doc id="29823103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823103" title="1981 Volvo Masters – Singles">
1981 Volvo Masters – Singles

Björn Borg was the defending champion, but did not participate. Ivan Lendl won in the final 6–7(5), 2–6, 7–6(6), 6–2, 6–4 against Vitas Gerulaitis.

</doc>
<doc id="29823108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823108" title="Flöha (river)">
Flöha (river)

The Flöha is a river in Saxony, Germany, and the Czech Republic. It flows into the river Zschopau in the town Flöha. 

</doc>
<doc id="29823114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823114" title="Frunzensky (rural locality)">
Frunzensky (rural locality)

Frunzensky (; masculine), Frunzenskaya (; feminine), or Frunzenskoye (; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="29823119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823119" title="Justin Florek">
Justin Florek

Justin Jacob Florek (born May 18, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing with the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL). Florek was selected by the Boston Bruins in the 5th round (135th overall) of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Florek played junior hockey for the USA Hockey National Team Development Program for both the under-17 and under-18 teams before moving on to the Northern Michigan University Wildcats ice hockey program. While at Northern Michigan, Florek played 157 games scoring 53 goals and 63 assists for 116 points. Florek was very successful with the Wildcats, named named an alternate captain of the team for the 2010–11 season and captain for the 2011–12 season.
During his career at NMU he led (or tied for the lead) in game winning goals for the 2009–10, 2010–11 and 2011–12 season and led the team in power play goals with nine during the 2011–12 season. Florek was named to the CCHA Second All-Star team and was named a finalist for the CCHA Best Defensive Forward Award for the 2011–12 season.
Following his final season with the Wildcats Florek signed an entry level contract with the Bruins on March 25, 2012, and was assigned to the Providence Bruins of the American Hockey League for the rest of the season.
Florek attended the Boston Bruins training camp for the start of the 2012–13 NHL season but was assigned to Providence on September 14, 2012. Florek played 71 games with Providence scoring 11 goals and 16 assists for 27 points in the regular season and played 12 playoff games scoring one goal and two assists for three points before they were eliminated in the conference finals by the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins.
On September 22, 2013, Florek was again assigned to Providence to begin the 2013–14, but he did play in four NHL games for Boston during the 2013–14 regular season. On January 4, 2014 Florek made his NHL debut, playing for the Boston Bruins in a 4–1 win against the Winnipeg Jets. Florek was reassigned to Providence again on January 5, 2014. Florek scored his first NHL goal on January 9, 2014, against Jonathan Quick of the Los Angeles Kings. 
During the opening round of the 2014 Stanley Cup Playoffs, on April 20, 2014, Florek scored his first NHL playoff goal against the Detroit Red Wings, scoring the first goal of the second game against the Red Wings, en route to a 4–1 defeat of the visiting Detroit team.

</doc>
<doc id="29823135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823135" title="William Tell (1949 film)">
William Tell (1949 film)

William Tell (Italian:Guglielmo Tell ) is a 1949 Italian historical drama film directed by Giorgio Pastina and Michal Waszynski and starring Gino Cervi, Monique Orban and Paul Muller. The film is based on Friedrich Schiller's 1804 play of the same tile, which portrays the adventures of William Tell in his fight for Swiss independence. The film was produced by the Milan-based Fauno Film.

</doc>
<doc id="29823153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823153" title="Risk factor (disambiguation)">
Risk factor (disambiguation)

Risk factor can refer to something influencing the likelihood of an event; The exact meaning is specific to different types of risk studied by different disciplines:

</doc>
<doc id="29823193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823193" title="Coal Miner (statue)">
Coal Miner (statue)

The Coal Miner is a public artwork by Polish American artist John J. Szaton (1907–1966) which is located in two US State capitals; the original, commissioned in 1963 in Springfield, Illinois, as well as a copy on the west lawn of the Indiana Statehouse in Indianapolis, Indiana The statues commemorate coal miners who had lost their lives in those states' mining industry. The tall statue rests on a square, granite base supported by a cement foundation that is thick. 
Historical information.
Illinois.
"The Coal Miner" statue was originally commissioned in 1963 by the State of Illinois, after 15 years of advocacy work by coal miner, artist, and poet Vachel Davis (1898–1966). The Illinois legislature appropriated $15,000 for the construction and casting of a memorial to Illinois coal miners. Davis, who was acquainted with artist John J. Szaton, recommended that he submit a sketch for the monument based on Davis's 1946 painting "American Coal Miner". The legislature accepted Szaton's initial sketch. After submitting an model of the sculpture, which was approved, Szaton received a contract to create the full-scale piece. Szaton created a full-scale plaster sculpture in his Tinley Park studio before casting the statue in bronze. The plaster sculpture is still able to be viewed in the Tinley Park Historical Society Museum. The sculpture, dedicated in Illinois in 1964, was intended to commemorate the Illinois coal miners who had been killed in the state's coal mines. It is installed on the north end of the Illinois State Capitol's lawn in Springfield, Illinois, and faces Second Street. The dedication ceremony took place on October 16, 1964, with speeches from Illinois governor Otto Kerner, Jr. and Paul Powell, former speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives. Michael F. Widman Jr. represented the United Mine Workers of America at the dedication ceremony, standing in for John L. Lewis, president of the United Mine Workers, who was ill and unable to attend. A letter from Lewis commended the State of Illinois for being the first to honor their coal miners with such a memorial. A plaque was added in 1981 citing Szaton as its sculptor. The Illinois statue is owned and administered by the State of Illinois. 
Indiana.
In 1965 the Indiana General Assembly appropriated funds to commission a copy of the sculpture to memorialize Hoosier coal miners who had been killed on the job. The Indiana statue was dedicated in 1967. As with the Illinois sculpture, it is a public artwork. Indiana's statue of "The Coal Miner" is owned and administered by the State of Indiana, Department of Administration.
Szaton's wife donated the full-scale plaster sculpture to the Tinley Park Historical Society in 1986.
Reproductions of small-scale versions of the monument have been mass-produced; over 200 have been given as gifts by the coal industry over the years.
Artist.
John J. Szaton was born in 1907 in Ludlow, Massachusetts. He apprenticed under well-known Illinois sculptor Lorado Taft, who invited Szaton to come to Chicago after meeting him on a lecture tour of various high schools and art schools in Massachusetts. Szaton, who became known for his sculpture, studied at the Art Institute of Chicago and at the now-defunct National Academy of Art in Chicago. He also worked on project for Taft and other artists, including the Lincoln Trail State Memorial by Nellie Walker, his wife's aunt. During the 1940s Szaton created several other sculptures: a War Memorial (1940) at the Northwest Armory, Chicago; "Indian Shooting the Stars" (1947) for Lane Tech High School, Chicago, as a tribute to students who died in World War II; and "Now I Lay Me Down to Sleep" (1947) for Cedar Park Cemetery, Calumet Park, Illinois. Szaton continued to work at Taft's studio until it disbanded in 1947, then moved his family to Tinley Park, at that time a small rural suburb of Chicago, and commuted to Chicago to work during the week as a greeting card engraver; income from art commissions was not sufficient to sustain his family. In 1948 Szaton built a large, vaulted-ceiling garage studio behind his home and continued to work on art projects.
In 1963 Szaton collaborated with artist Vachel Davis to reinterpret Davis's iconic 1946 painting "American Coal Miner" into a permanent, sculptural memorial to coal miners. Szaton's 7-ft. bronze statue, "The Coal Miner", is displayed on the lawn of the Illinois State Capitol in Springfield. It was dedicated on October 16, 1964, and became his most widely known sculpture. A second "The Coal Miner" statue, cast in 1966, is installed on the west side of the Indiana Statehouse and was dedicated in 1967. Szaton died in 1966 and is buried in Cedar Park Cemetery, Calumet Park, Illinois.
Statue.
Process.
The statue was first sculpted in plaster and then cast in bronze to create the Illinois statue, which was dedicated in 1964; the Indiana statue was cast later, in 1966, and dedicated in 1967. Both statues were cast at the Spampinato Art Workshop foundry in Chicago.
Description.
"The Coal Miner", which measures , is installed in the northwest corner of the Indiana Statehouse lawn and faces west. The figure wears overalls, boots, a belt, a long-sleeve shirt, and a miner's hat. He has a contrapposto stance with his proper left foot forward. He carries a miner's fire safety lamp, or "bug light", in his proper left hand, which is at his side. His proper right hand is raised, gripping the base of a miner's pick axe that rests on his proper right shoulder. The shirt-sleeve on his proper right arm is unbuttoned and hangs open on his forearm. The belt hanging at his waist has three visible belt punches. He wears a MSA Comfo Cap Model P miner's hat with its battery pack clipped to the backside of his belt. The artist's signature, "John Szaton, Sc." appears on the proper left side of the base, toward the front. On the proper left side of the base, toward the back, a foundry mark reads, "Cast by Spaminato ["sic"] Art Foundry Chicago, Ill. 1966".
The square, granite base measures . Its front-facing side has a bronze, bas-relief plaque depicting a drag-line mining crane at work in a strip mine. A cement foundation, thick, supports the base. 
The plaque on the rear-facing side reads:
Condition.
The Indiana sculpture was assessed in November 1992 and added to the Smithsonian American Art Museum's Inventories of American Painting and Sculpture database. The statue was considered well maintained at the time of the assessment. Photos taken of the sculpture in 2005 show ample presence of lime scale, which was removed between late 2005 and October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="29823200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823200" title="Empty Eyes (1953 film)">
Empty Eyes (1953 film)

Il sole negli occhi (internationally released as Empty Eyes) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823202" title="Vestire gli ignudi">
Vestire gli ignudi

Vestire gli ignudi is a 1953 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823203" title="Puccini (film)">
Puccini (film)

Puccini is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti in the role of Giacomo Puccini.

</doc>
<doc id="29823206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823206" title="Sher Khan Nashir">
Sher Khan Nashir

Sher Khan Nashir (Sher Mohammad Nashir) was an ethnic Pushtun, the hereditary Khan of the Kharoti (Ghilzai) tribe, governor of Kunduz and the rest of northern Afghanistan in 1930s. In the early 20th century, Sher Khan Nashir gained much political prominence as a Ghilzai Khan who became founder and governor of Kunduz. Through his efforts, Kunduz became one of the wealthiest Afghan provinces. Sher Khan Nashir was a successful industrialist. When he founded Spinzar Cotton Company, it became the largest and most successful private enterprise in the country with more than 5000 full-time employees. The port between Russia and Afghanistan on the border with Tajikistan was named after him, Sher Khan Bandar As Sher khan Nashir's political prominence grew in the country, the prime minister of the time felt threaten by his popularity and which Sher Khan paid for with his life. He was followed by his nephew,Ghulam Sarwar Nashir, who headed the Spinzar Company. The company was nationalized in 1973 and Ghulam Sarwar Nashir, president of the company was put in prison by communist government of President Daoud Khan. Other well known figures of Nashir's family include: Senator Ghulam Nabi Nashir. Farhad Darya is the grandson of Sher Khan Nashir.
Ghulam Sarwar Nashir.
Ghulam Sarwar Nashir,born in Khanabad in 1921, nephew of Sher Khan Nashir. Last ruling Nashir Khan. President of the Spinzar cotton Company. Founded the Nashir Art Gallery, the Nashir Museum and the Nashir Library. Under him Kunduz became the richest Afghan province. Avid hunter, art collector and philanthropist. Imprisoned after Prince Daoud's coup because of a personal feud. Then in exile in the United Kingdom and in Germany. Died in Germany in 1984.
Ghulam Serwar Nashir led a remarkable life between east and west, between tribal traditions and a cosmopolitan lifestyle. The ruling of his Khanat was exemplary, as it was a balance between traditional authoritarian regency and modern enlightenment. The Oxford-professor Peter Levi called it - not without some irony - "enlightened despotism" (in his book "In
the Light Garden of the Angel King"). Nashir turned Kunduz into a world renown cotton provider, the Spinzar Cotton Company had over 20,000 employees living in Spinzar houses with the Spinzar Clubs providing tennis courts and swimming pools for them. This was totally unique in the eastern hemisphere during the sixties and seventies. Serwar Nashir helped to preserve the cultural heritage of the region Kunduz-Badakshan. He supported the French archaeologist Schlumberger to find the Kunduz-treasure, which is proof of the legendary Greco-bactric
empire which existed in around 300 B.C.. The treasure was displayed at the Nashir Museum. Nashir hosted many crowned and uncrowned heads of states, who he treated according to lavish Pashtun hospitality. He was awarded many honors, among the them "The Order of the Sacred Treasure" by his Majesty, the Emperor of Japan, in 1971.
Pashtun Ghilzai Tribe.
History and Biodata The Ghilzais (also known as Khiljis or Ghaljis) are one of two largest groups of Pashtuns, along with the Durrani tribe, found in Afghanistan with a large group also found in neighboring Pakistan. They are the most populous Pashtun tribe in Afghanistan, occupying the north of Kandahar and extending eastwards towards the Suleiman Mountains. 
The Ghilzais are concentrated in an area spanning Ghazni and Kalat-i-Ghilzai eastward into western Pakistan, but are predominantly a nomadic group unlike the Durrani who can be found in permanent settlements. Population estimates vary, but they are most likely around 20 to 25% of the population of Afghanistan and probably number over 9 million in Afghanistan alone with 2 million or more found in neighboring Pakistan.
They are reputed to be descended at least in part from the Khalaj or Khilji Turks, who entered Afghanistan in the 10th century as well as the numerous other invaders from Central Asia and the Middle East who have entered Afghanistan over the centuries.
Most Ghilzai are Sunni Muslims of the Hanafi school and are often devout to their faith and also follow the Pashtun code of honor known as Pashtunwali. Most Ghilzai work as herders as well as in construction and other jobs that allow them to travel. Often displaying an uncanny mechanical aptitude, the Ghilzai nonetheless have an extremely low literacy rate hovering below 10%.
The Ghilzai have played a prominent role throughout the history of the Middle East, Central Asia, and South Asia. The Nashir (Ghaznavids) are Ghilzais, as well as the Lodi dynasty, who were rulers of the Delhi Sultanate (1450–1526), were Ghilzai Pashtuns. In 1709, Mirwais Khan Hotak, a Ghilzai Pashtun and founder of the short-lived Hotaki Dynasty (1709–38), led an Afghan tribal revolt against Persian rule that eventually led to the short-lived Afghan domination of Persia from 1722 until 1734 when Nadir Shah began to wrest control from the Ghilzais.
In the early 20th century, Sher Khan Nashir gained much political prominence as a Ghilzai Khan who became founder and governor of Kunduz. He was followed by his nephew, Ghulam Sarwar Nashir, who headed the Spinzar Company as well as by his nephew, the parliamentarian Ghulam Nabi Nashir. During the period of Soviet invasion of Afghanistan many of the Muhajadeen were also Ghilzai Pashtuns including Gulbuddin Hekmatyar.
Most Ghilzai are not particularly political. The Ghilzai remain one of the largest and most prominent ethnic groups in Afghanistan and continue to enjoy considerable autonomy as they have for millennia.

</doc>
<doc id="29823210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823210" title="Modern Virgin">
Modern Virgin

Modern Virgin () is a 1954 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823215" title="Cento anni d'amore">
Cento anni d'amore

100 Years of Love () is a 1954 Italian film directed by Lionello De Felice. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823223" title="Everyman's War">
Everyman's War

"Everyman's War" is an independent narrative feature war film directed by Thad Smith. It was released on DVD in the U.S. on May 18, 2010 by Virgil Films & Entertainment and in 43 countries internationally by Koan Entertainment. Additionally it was released in Spain by Paramount Pictures in May 2010 under the title "Los héroes de Las Árdenas." 
Based on the true story of Sgt. Don Smith of the 94th Infantry Division. Much of the film takes place during January 1945 near Nennig, Germany in the Battle of the Bulge. The film was awarded with 'Best Narrative Feature' at the 2009 GI Film Festival and several other awards including a "Film Excellence" award for directing by the Film Oregon Alliance.
Plot.
As the seasoned infantry and tank units of the German 11th Panzer "Ghost" division move silently into position on the snow covered hills around Nennig, Germany, a battle weary GI and his unit stand ready to defend the small town, a key position in the Allied advance to win the war.
Outgunned and outnumbered, Sgt Don Smith (Cole Carson) struggles to find hope and courage against overwhelming odds in one of the decisive confrontations in the Battle of the Bulge during WWII. His squad of GI's of the 94th Infantry Division lay dug in on the ridge-line outside of town. No one in high command believed that German forces would attack in the sub zero temperatures and near blizzard conditions. As the pre-dawn attack comes, with communications down Sgt. Smith is left with no choice but to make his way through enemy fire, unarmed and wounded, into town and warn of the coming attack.
Based on actual accounts, "Everyman's War" explores the heroic events of this decorated veteran's courage and the struggle between duty and desire. Between the prospect of the life and love that waits at home and the harsh realities of war which marks the pivotal epoch in his life, he discovers that the loss of hope can be worse than the loss of life.

</doc>
<doc id="29823224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823224" title="Statistics of incarcerated African-American males">
Statistics of incarcerated African-American males

The process of gathering and analyzing statistics on an incarcerated African-American male has been taken by several studies on a specific age group, geographical location, causes of incarceration or simply the upbringing of a child over a course of years. Approximately 12%-13% of the American population is African-American, but they make up 40% of the almost 2.1 million male inmates in jail or prison (U.S. Department of Justice, 2009). Census data for 2000 of the number and race of all individuals incarcerated in the United States revealed a wide racial disproportion of the incarcerated population in each state: the proportion of blacks in prison populations exceeded the proportion among state residents in twenty states; the percent of blacks incarcerated was five times greater than the resident population.
According to the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), African Americans constitute nearly 1 million of the total 2.3 million incarcerated population, and have nearly six times the rate of whites. In an August 2013, Sentencing Project report on Racial Disparities in the United States Criminal Justice System, submitted to the United Nations, "one of every three black American males born today can expect to go to prison in his lifetime".
Prison vs. College.
Several studies love including one by the Justice Policy Institute, which advocates alternatives to incarceration, have concluded that overall, more black males are in prison than are enrolled in colleges and universities. In 2000 there were 791,600 black men in prison and 603,032 enrolled in college versus 1980, when there were 143,000 black men in prison and 463,700 enrolled in college. In 2003, according to Justice Department figures, 193,000 black college-age men were in prison, while 532,000 black college-age men were attending college. On an average day in 1996, more black male high school dropouts aged 20–35 were in custody than in paid employment; by 1999, over one-fifth of black non-college men in their early 30’s had prison records.
Other studies contradict this see NPR Are There Really More Black Men In Prison Than College? lwjko44okr
Black Dropouts by Year.
Percentage of Black high school dropouts 16 to 25
The government is building prisons based on third grade reading test scores . They can conclude whether or not a child will go to prison at some point if their literacy score is low. Recent national data from a study of beginning kindergartners show conclusively that African American males start school already behind other groups of children with respect to emergent reading and mathematical skills (ECLS-K, 1998). Thus, problems in elementary school may have roots in the preschool years. Most African American Children are behind on reading but excel in other subjects (Jencks & Phillips, 1998). The gaps don't stop in elementary school, but are evident in middle and high school if never caught up by the early elementary years (Gordon 2-4)
A new release as September 2012 from Schott Foundation finds only 52% of Black males graduate from high school. From 2001-2002 black males increased and by 10 percent, and 2010–11,was the first year that more than half the black males received a diploma according to .

</doc>
<doc id="29823228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823228" title="Il prezzo della gloria">
Il prezzo della gloria

Il prezzo della gloria is a 1955 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823229" title="Le avventure di Giacomo Casanova">
Le avventure di Giacomo Casanova

Le avventure di Giacomo Casanova is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Steno. It stars Gabriele Ferzetti, Corinne Calvet and Irène Galter.

</doc>
<doc id="29823230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823230" title="1919 Dayton Triangles season">
1919 Dayton Triangles season

The 1919 Dayton Triangles season was their seventh season, and last season, in the Ohio League. The team posted a 5–2–1 record and would become a charter member of the National Football League, the following season. 

</doc>
<doc id="29823231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823231" title="Adriana Lecouvreur (film)">
Adriana Lecouvreur (film)

Adriana Lecouvreur is a 1955 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823233" title="Alexeyevsky (inhabited locality)">
Alexeyevsky (inhabited locality)

Alexeyevsky (; masculine), Alexeyevskaya (; feminine), or Alexeyevskoye (; neuter) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Altai Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Altai Krai bears this name:
Arkhangelsk Oblast.
As of 2010, twelve rural localities in Arkhangelsk Oblast bear this name:
Republic of Bashkortostan.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Republic of Bashkortostan bears this name:
Bryansk Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Bryansk Oblast bear this name:
Chelyabinsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Chelyabinsk Oblast bears this name:
Ivanovo Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Ivanovo Oblast bears this name:
Kaluga Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Kaluga Oblast bear this name:
Kirov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kirov Oblast bears this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kostroma Oblast bear this name:
Krasnodar Krai.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Krasnodar Krai bear this name:
Kursk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kursk Oblast bear this name:
Leningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Leningrad Oblast bears this name:
Lipetsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Lipetsk Oblast bears this name:
Mari El Republic.
As of 2010, three rural localities in the Mari El Republic bear this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bears this name:
Novosibirsk Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Novosibirsk Oblast bears this name:
Omsk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Omsk Oblast bear this name:
Oryol Oblast.
As of 2010, five rural localities in Oryol Oblast bear this name:
Pskov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Pskov Oblast bears this name:
Rostov Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Rostov Oblast bear this name:
Samara Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Samara Oblast bear this name:
Saratov Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Saratov Oblast bear this name:
Stavropol Krai.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Stavropol Krai bear this name:
Republic of Tatarstan.
As of 2010, two inhabited localities in the Republic of Tatarstan bear this name.
Tula Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Tula Oblast bears this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, nine rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Udmurt Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Udmurt Republic bears this name:
Vladimir Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Vladimir Oblast bears this name:
Volgograd Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Volgograd Oblast bears this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Voronezh Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Voronezh Oblast bear this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, six rural localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name:

</doc>
<doc id="29823239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823239" title="Un po' di cielo">
Un po' di cielo

Un po' di cielo is a 1955 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823243" title="Nutrition in the American Slave System">
Nutrition in the American Slave System

The importance of a balanced diet cannot be overstated. A balanced diet provides natural disease prevention, weight control and proper sleep. A balanced diet also enables you to live longer. A balanced diet is also important because it enables you to meet your daily nutritional needs and perform at your full capacity. This level of high performance was of the utmost importance to American slave-owners as it would be economically beneficial to have slaves who could work at full capacity for the average 54 hours a week. Therefore, slave-owners could not spare much when it came to properly feeding their plentiful workers. An incorrect myth about slavery in the United States is that slave-owners starved their slaves. This is an illogical assumption as slaves were not so dispensable or quickly replaced and would not financially benefit slave-owners.
History.
According to Robert W. Fogel and Stanley Engernan in their monumental study, "Time on the Cross", the material standard of living of slaves compared favorably with that of other nineteenth-century agricultural laborers. Slaves usually received a monthly allowance of corn meal and salt-herrings. Frederick Douglass received one bushel of corn meal a month plus eight pounds of pork or fish. Some plantation owners gave their slaves a small piece of land, a truck-patch, where they could grow vegetables.
Economic Incentive.
Slave-owners systematically deprived infants and children of resources because it was profitable to do so. Setting aside moral responsibilities to another human being, it is plausible and makes economic sense for slave-owners to seasonally be scantily disperse resources.
Typical Slave Diet.
Due to diseases related to specific nutritional deficiencies in diet, which were prevalent among the American slave population it is possible that the slave victims were fed diets with adequate micro-nutrients but very few calories.
Variations.
Regional.
According to the book "Dictionary of Afro-American slavery" by Randall M. Miller, there was great variation regarding owners' treatment of slaves. It seemed the more north you went the more cordial the relationship was between master and slave. In the deep south, it seemed to be more racist as compared to a northern state like Maryland. Of course exceptions did exist.
Type of Slave.
House slaves usually lived better than field slaves. They usually had better food and were sometimes given the family's cast-off clothing. However, not all slave-owners took this view, Harriet Jacobs reports that her mistress "would station herself in the kitchen, and wait till it was dished, and then spit in all the kettles and pans" to make sure that the slaves did not eat what was left over.
Diseases Caused by Nutritional Deficiencies.
Physical abnormalities related to specific nutritional deficiencies in the diet that appeared within the American slave population:
Diet versus Disease Hypothesis.
Certainly, both diseases and inadequate diets can have adverse health effects that manifest themselves on the human physique and it is difficult to separate the effects of one from the other. Yet there are ways to accomplish this:
Effect on Slave Births.
The root cause for excessive infant mortality has been pinned on poor diets for years by scholars. Richard H. Steckel, a leading proponent of anthropometrics, studied the relationship between height-for-age and weight-for-age of twentieth-century populations, specifically within the slave population. Relying on twentieth-century data on U.S. stillbirths and on the relationship between weight and first month death among the poor, Steckel estimates birth-weight for slave children. These calculations indicate extraordinarily short slave children, extremely low slave birth-weights, and very high neonatal and infant mortality rates.1 The reasons for these findings are the work intensity of pregnant slaves, maternal diseases, poor diet of pregnant slaves, specific dietary deficiencies of pregnant slaves, and poor diet of slaves during infancy and childhood. 
Seasonal deaths of newly born children and pregnant mother are dependent on the timing of nutritional deprivation, nutritional status, and under-nutrition with diet or food intake.
Criticism.
Properly Nourished.
McGuire, for example, takes the position that diets and nutritional intake are not the sole explanation for the stature of American slaves due to his unawareness of evidence indicating the physical deformities were widespread in substantial proportions in slave populations. Instead he believes that the role of diets during infancy and childhood and work intensity during pregnancy have been overemphasized while the role of the disease environment has been underemphasized. McGuire has found evidence on the southern plantation disease environment that explains the existence of two primary debilitating antebellum southern diseases—hookworm and malaria.
Malnourished.
Stealing Food
Stealing was relatively common among slaves. Since slave rations were often meager, some slaves took matters in their own hands and pilfered food. Such theft was surprisingly easy because slaves, more often than not, handled much of the food on a plantation. A litany of slave narratives suggests that stealing food was a common practice. Most slaves stole food out of sheer hunger. Some, however, used theft from their masters as a source of pride and a tool for dealing with the harsh reality of slavery. Boredom with the monotonous diet they were familiar with caused many slaves to seek exotic foods like ham, turkey, or sugar from the plantation house or the fields. Some slave masters even encouraged theft from other plantations in an effort to control their own costs and possibly to hurt rival planters. Despite the obvious benefits of stealing food, many slaves were deterred from doing so by the extreme punishment doled out to thieves. Whipping, beating, and even eating of raw animals were all used to punish slaves for stealing.

</doc>
<doc id="29823245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823245" title="Parola di ladro">
Parola di ladro

Parola di ladro (internationally released as "Honor Among Thieves") is a 1957 Italian comedy film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti. This film represents the directorial debut of Gianni Puccini and Nanni Loy. For this film Andrea Checchi was awarded with a Silver Ribbon for best supporting actor.

</doc>
<doc id="29823247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823247" title="Ryan Flynn">
Ryan Flynn

Ryan Flynn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29823264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823264" title="Risk factor (computing)">
Risk factor (computing)

In Information security, Risk factor is a collectively name for circumstances affecting the likelihood or the impact of a security risk.
Definitions.
FAIR.
Factor Analysis of Information Risk (FAIR) is devoted to the analysis of different factors influencing the IT risk. It decompose at various levels, starting from the first level Loss Event Frequency and Probable Loss Magnitude, going on examining the asset, the threat agent capability compared to the vulnerability (computing) and the security control (also called countermeasure) strength, the probability that the agent get in contact and actually act against the asset, the organization capability to react to the event and the impact on stakeholders.
ISACA.
Risk factors are those factors that influence the frequency and/or business impact of risk scenarios; they can be of different natures, and can be classified in two major categories:.
Risk scenario.
An IT risk risk scenario is a description of an IT related event that can lead to a business impact, when and if it should occur.
Risk factors can also be interpreted as causal factors of the scenario that is materialising, or as vulnerabilities or weaknesses. These are terms often used in risk management frameworks.
Risk scenario is characterized by:
The risk scenario structure differentiates between loss events (events generating the negative impact), vulnerabilities or vulnerability events
(events contributing to the magnitude or frequency of loss events occurring), and threat events (circumstances or events that can trigger loss
events). It is important not to confuse these risks or throw them into one large risk list.

</doc>
<doc id="29823281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823281" title="Tom Williams (baseball)">
Tom Williams (baseball)

Thomas C. Williams (1870–1940) was a 19th-century Major League Baseball pitcher.

</doc>
<doc id="29823296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823296" title="Tom Hadfield (rugby league)">
Tom Hadfield (rugby league)

Bernard Thomas "Tom" Hadfield is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in the 1957 and 1960 World Cups and retired as the highest try-scorer in the New Zealand national side's history.
Playing career.
A Northcote Tigers player, Hadfield was an Auckland representative. He was part of the Northcote club during the Auckland Rugby League's district era and so played for Northern Districts - an amalgamation of the Northcote and North Shore clubs.
Hadfield first made the New Zealand Kiwis in 1956. He went on to play 15 Tests for the Kiwis, including at the 1957 and 1960 World Cups. After the 1960 World Cup Tom played for the Rest of the World vs Great Britain. He finished his career with a then record 15 tries for the Kiwis, five more than the previous record. As of 2010 he is 6th equal highest tryscorer for the Kiwis. 
He was inducted into the New Zealand Rugby League's "Legends of League" in 2010. In 2009 he was named as a member of the New Zealand Rugby League Team of the Century and in 2010 he was made a Legends of Harbour by Harbour Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="29823354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823354" title="Oak Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania">
Oak Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania

Oak Ridge is the landform of the Gettysburg Battlefield where the Eternal Light Peace Memorial was dedicated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt during the 1938 Gettysburg reunion. After the July 1, 1863 Battle of Oak Ridge, Whitworth rifled cannon fired from the Confederate position on Oak Hill onto Culp's Hill and Cemetery Hill. The ridge has numerous Battle of Gettysburg monuments and the 1895 Oak Ridge Observation Tower. In the 1920s, the Gettysburg Airport was established in the west slope of the ridge.

</doc>
<doc id="29823386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823386" title="1983 Central Fidelity Banks International">
1983 Central Fidelity Banks International

The 1983 Central Fidelity Banks International was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Richmond, Virginia in the United States that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series. The tournament was held from September 19 through September 25, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="29823391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823391" title="Adi Schwartz">
Adi Schwartz

Adi Schwartz is an Israeli journalist and academic. A former staff writer for Haaretz, he currently works as a freelance journalist for Israeli and international newspapers and magazines. His primary fields of interest include the Arab-Israeli conflict and Israeli and Jewish current affairs.
Career.
After reading Western History at Tel Aviv University, Schwartz took a position with Haaretz in 1999. His career with Haaretz, with whom he remained as "a staff writer and a senior editor" until 2009, took him across the world, with assignments in "Brussels, London, Rome and Latin America". He has written freelance for other media and serves as the Israeli correspondent for British magazine "Monocle". He also maintains a blog in which he posts already published articles and publicizes new articles.
Schwartz is employed by Sapir College as a journalism teacher and speaks publicly as a guest lecturer and commentator in his field.
Antisemitism.
Schwartz has written about various aspects of antisemitism. Schwartz has published several articles about the controversy surrounding Ariel Toaff's book about the blood libel of Trento.
Belgian politicians and antisemitism.
Schwartz wrote a reportage about Antwerp's Jewish community increasing support of Vlaams Belang, a right-wing Flemish nationalist and secessionist political party, following the increase of attacks of antisemite nature in Belgium (this article was cited in Bat Ye'or's book ).
Schwartz later interviewed Filip Dewinter, a leading member of Vlaams Belang. During the interview Dewinter went a great length to prove he is not connected to antisemitism, and revealed that his father was taken to forced labor in Germany and that his grandfather was a member of the Dutch Resistance.
Schwartz also interviewed Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt. Verhofstadt stated that attacking Jews "because they are Jews", or saying that "the Jewish state cannot exist" are all forms of antisemitizm.
Holocaust.
Schwartz wrote about the role of the Belgian authorities in the persecution and deportation of the Jews during World War II, about Mimi Reinhard, Oskar Schindler's secretary, about Katrin Himmler's book "The Himmler Brothers: A German Family History", and various other aspects of the Holocaust.
Pope Pius XIII.
Schwartz published a series of articles about Pope Pius XII and his role in the Holocaust. Schwartz criticized Pius who haven't exercised his influence in regions with large concentrations of Catholics, like Croatia, Slovakia and Hungary, to rescue Jews.
Schwartz also wrote about Israeli minister Isaac Herzog opposition to the beatification of Pope Pius XII,
and the Vatican officials furious reaction over Herzog's comments.
Muhammad al-Durrah.
Schwartz has published several articles about the Muhammad al-Durrah incident for Haaretz. Schwartz was the first Israeli journalist to conduct a thorough interview with Philippe Karsenty about his misgivings regarding the incident.
Schwartz wrote a follow up about the incident in which he discussed the ballistic report by Jean-Claude Schlinger.
Views.
Israel's right to exist.
Schwartz criticizes in his articles those who object to Israel's right to exist. Schwartz claimed that "the discussion of Israel's right to exist is no longer just the realm of Arab parties in conflict with Israel, and has become part of the European and American discourse". Schwartz pointed out articles written by American-Jewish historian Tony Judt and by Norwegian intellectual Jostein Gaarder as denouncing Israel's right to exist. Schwartz characterized Gaarder's article as layered with "harsh religious, eschatological and apocalyptic elements, which resembled a messianic prophecy" (see Tony Judt's views about Israel and Jostein Gaarder controversy).
Religion and the Holocaust.
Schwartz highly criticized Pope Benedict XVI interpretation of the role of religion in the Holocaust. Pope Benedict have said: "In the darkest period of German and European history, an insane racist ideology born of neo-paganism gave rise to the attempt to exterminate European Jewry" and "The holiness of God was no longer recognized, and consequently contempt was shown for the sacredness of human life". Schwartz argued that the Pope's interpretation of Holocaust history is "more troubling and less exact". Schwartz claimed that:
This interpretation is very convenient for the Church, of course. It distinguishes between what he calls a secular, pagan, "insane" Europe, which does not recognize the holiness of God, and a religious, sane, peace-mongering Europe. As far as Ratzinger is concerned, the Holocaust took place because of non-recognition of the Christian faith.
In response to the historical claim made by Pope Benedict, Schwartz stated that:
The Holocaust took place on Christian soil, including Catholic Bavaria, where Ratzinger was born. It was made possible, at the very least, by the collaboration of Poles, Hungarians, Austrians, French and Belgians – all of them members of the Catholic community. This collaboration was achieved in part due to the heritage of anti-Semitism that was the legacy of the Church, the same Church that massacred Jews during the Crusades and established the first ghettoes.

</doc>
<doc id="29823392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823392" title="Difendo il mio amore">
Difendo il mio amore

Difendo il mio amore is a 1957 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823393" title="Totò cerca casa">
Totò cerca casa

Totò cerca casa is a 1949 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and Steno. The film is stylistically related to Italian neorealism, though it can be seen as a parody.
Plot.
In Italy after the war the problem for every citizen is to find a comfortable place to live. Beniamino Lomacchio (Totò) is one of the many people without a home and, together with his family he's been living in classrooms. He can not live there much longer, though, because school re-opens in September. Beniamino is poor and does not know what to do; he just hopes he'll find a comfortable apartment with a landlord who doesn't ask for too much rent. 
One day, however, Beniamino finds a place to move into: a cemetery caretaker's house. Not all the family is convinced it's a great idea. They stay there for a short while, fleeing when they think they see a ghost. After leaving the house, Beniamino finds another job at the studio of an artist. But even here the family Lomacchio will not agree with Beniamino. They then find a large apartment. But they've been cheated; the apartment has already been rented out to another family. Eventually, even after staying in the Colosseum, Beniamino is in a car accident. He's finally found a new home: the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="29823401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823401" title="Tatiana C. Gfoeller">
Tatiana C. Gfoeller

Tatiana C. Gfoeller is a United States diplomat. From October 22, 2008, to March 8, 2011, she served as Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="29823403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823403" title="Souvenir d'Italie">
Souvenir d'Italie

Souvenir d'Italie is a 1957 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823404" title="Nata di marzo">
Nata di marzo

Nata di marzo is a 1957 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
Trivia.
At that time, it was quite common that Italian films were dubbed, i.e. actors didn't act with their own voice. In this film the main dubbers are:
Other voices for less important characters in the same film belong to Gianfranco Bellini, Nando Gazzolo, Bruno Persa, Rita Savagnone, Flaminia Jandolo (two roles) and others.

</doc>
<doc id="29823414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823414" title="Angel in a Taxi">
Angel in a Taxi

Angel in a Taxi (Italian: "Ballerina e Buon Dio") is a 1958 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823419" title="Le insaziabili">
Le insaziabili

Le insaziabili is a 1958 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823425" title="Le secret du Chevalier d'Éon">
Le secret du Chevalier d'Éon

Le secret du Chevalier d'Éon is a 1959 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti. It is loosely based on the life of Chevalier d'Éon, although it portrays her as a woman masquerading as a man, rather than a transgender woman (biologically male but presenting as a woman, at least in the latter part of her life) as was the true situation.

</doc>
<doc id="29823431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823431" title="Patrick Galbats">
Patrick Galbats

Patrick Galbats (born 1978) is a freelance Luxembourg photographer and photojournalist who has completed a number of artistically presented reportages.
Biography.
Galbats completed his schooling at the Lycée Technique des Arts et Métiers in Luxembourg City. After studying at the "Ecole Septante-Supérieure de l'Image: Le 75" in Brussels, he joined the young photographers' collective "photon.lu". From 2002 to 2006, he worked for the Luxembourg weekly magazine "Revue". Since 2007, he has been a freelance photographer.
In 2001, Galbats took a series of photographs at Luxembourg's Centre Pénitentiaire. In 2003, he completed an assignment on street people and drug addicts which was exhibited at the main railway station. In 2004, the National Audiovisual Centre published his work "DOïNA", a collection he created during three trips to Romania (2001–2003). In 2004, he presented the reportage "Un autre regard sur Haïti" for "Objectif Tiers Monde" which reveals the conditions in Haiti after the departure of Jean Bertrand Aristide. 

</doc>
<doc id="29823446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823446" title="Country School (disambiguation)">
Country School (disambiguation)

Country School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29823448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823448" title="1917 Dayton Triangles season">
1917 Dayton Triangles season

The 1917 Dayton Triangles season was their seventh season in the Ohio League. The team posted a 5–1–2 record. 

</doc>
<doc id="29823456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823456" title="Labbra rosse">
Labbra rosse

Labbra rosse is a 1960 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823462" title="Il carro armato dell'8 settembre">
Il carro armato dell'8 settembre

Il carro armato dell'8 settembre is a 1960 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823469" title="Il giorno più corto">
Il giorno più corto

Il giorno più corto (also known as "The Shortest Day") is a 1962 Italian Comedy film. It is a parody of the war movie "The Longest Day" and stars the popular duo Ciccio Ingrassia and Franco Franchi in the leading roles. Dozens of many other well-known actors accepted to appear in the movie in cameo roles for free, to avert the bankruptcy of the production company Titanus.
Plot.
The Sicilians Franco and Ciccio are taken from a small town in Sicily and shipped in the Italian army which has to face the Nazi troops along with U.S. allies in the famous Normandy landings. Franco and Ciccio, more clumsy than ever, having won the war back in Italy, but they are out of work.

</doc>
<doc id="29823472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823472" title="Wesley Donehue">
Wesley Donehue

Wesley Donehue is an American political strategist and Internet consultant. He is the CEO of Push Digital based out of Columbia, South Carolina with a second office in San Francisco, California.
Biography.
The South Carolina Republican Party noticed Donehue's contribution to the party’s senate caucus and offered him the position of Marketing and Technology Director (2009–present).
In late 2007, Wesley built a fake website against Fred Thompson, who was a political opponent to Mick Romney, which drew national attention. While employed at First Tuesday Strategies, Wesley managed much of Mitt Romney’s South Carolina Internet outreach and tried to cast Fred Thompson in a negative light by creating www.PhoneyFred.org.
In October 2011, Donehue tweeted "Nice! @jimdavenport_ap proves EXACTLY why we need Voter ID in SC", including a link to an Associated Press article which was headlined "SC voter ID law hits black precincts" The following day, he was named the "Worst Person in the World" on Keith Olbermann's show. The tweet was one of five in which Donehue was explaining that college kids could be voting in two different states.
Donehue and Phil Bailey host a weekly web show, originally labeled “PNN Happy Hour” and was shot from a local Columbia bar. The name was soon changed to “Pub Politics” and went live on April 22 with State House Representative Bakari Sellers as the political guest. Since then, the Pub Politics has featured numerous guest appearances from the state’s political representatives, local journalists and lobbyists.
A local television news station (WACH Fox) created a special segment that airs every Monday at 10:00PM. In each weekly interview, Wesley and Phil are asked to reveal their unique inside knowledge about the state’s political happenings. In December 2012, Wesley and Phil moved their segment from WACH to WIS.
On June 3, 2010, South Carolina State Sen. Jake Knotts used the ethnic slur "raghead" to describe President Barack Obama and Republican gubernatorial candidate Nikki Haley while appearing on a live broadcast of Pub Politics. Several people present at the political talk show's broadcast confirmed Knotts said "We already got one raghead in the White House, we don’t need a raghead in the governor's mansion."
The video of Knotts' remarks never made it online - unlike most of Pub Politics' episodes. In a statement, Donehue and Bailey said that what Knotts said does not fit with their program and its goals. A "Washington Post" report added that, "Conveniently for Knotts - who has been condemned by state Republicans anyway - the lack of the video prevents the story from taking on more steam." The "Post" added, "What's interesting about this is that Knotts is a close political ally of Rep. Joe Wilson (R-S.C.) - and Donehue, according to FEC reports, has done work for Wilson."
In early 2010, Campaigns and Elections Politics Magazine named Donehue as being a “Rising Star” in the political scene, an award given to those who show promise in the early stages of their career. The following year, Campaigns and Elections named Wesley Donehue the 2011 Republican 'Campaign Innovator' of the year. Wesley was named one of the 50 most influential people in Columbia, SC in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="29823475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823475" title="La monaca di Monza">
La monaca di Monza

La monaca di Monza is a 1962 Italian film directed by Carmine Gallone. It stars Gabriele Ferzetti, Giovanna Ralli and Mario Feliciani.The film is about a young nobleman who seduces a nun, leading to the death of the man and the internment of the woman.
The film is a drama but is laced with satire.

</doc>
<doc id="29823494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823494" title="Congo vivo">
Congo vivo

Congo vivo is a 1962 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti and Jean Seberg.

</doc>
<doc id="29823496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823496" title="Il delitto non paga">
Il delitto non paga

Il delitto non paga is a 1962 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823499" title="L'amore impossibilie">
L'amore impossibilie

L'amore impossibilie is a 1962 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823501" title="I Don Giovanni della Costa Azzurra">
I Don Giovanni della Costa Azzurra

I Don Giovanni della Costa Azzurra is a 1962 Italian film, directed by Vittorio Sala. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823508" title="La calda vita">
La calda vita

La calda vita is a 1963 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823518" title="Redding Drag Strip">
Redding Drag Strip

The Redding Drag Strip is the second oldest NHRA sanctioned drag strip in the United States today. It was accepted by the National Hot Rod Association in the Fall of 1955 and continues to operate. It is located in Redding, California which hosts one of the largest and most well-known car show and race on the West Coast called Kool April Nites which had 1800 people registered in 2009. The Redding Drag Strip is a family oriented track that provides a safe and fun place to race or spectate.
Recent renovations to the facilities include a new track surface for the first 100', a new tower, and bleachers on the west side of the track.

</doc>
<doc id="29823520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823520" title="Un tentativo sentimentale">
Un tentativo sentimentale

Un tentativo sentimentale is a 1963 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823525" title="Luigi Lai">
Luigi Lai

Luigi Lai (born July 25, 1932) is an Italian musician from Sardinia, and is living heir of the school of Sarrabus players of the launeddas.
Lai was born at San Vito, in the province of Cagliari. As a child in nearby Villaputzu, he became a student of one of launeddas player Antonio Lara. For a time he lived in Switzerland and studied at the Academy of Music in Zurich. He now works to spread awareness of the launeddas in Italy and worldwide, and instructs many students.
In 1977 he collaborated with Angelo Branduardi playing the typical Sardinian instrument on the album "la pulce d'acqua".

</doc>
<doc id="29823526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823526" title="Norwich Puppet Man">
Norwich Puppet Man

David John Perry (9 April 1942), commonly known as the Norwich Puppet Man, is a street entertainer from Norwich, Norfolk, England, who now resides in Great Yarmouth, whose performance consists of dancing with a range of puppets while singing along to pop songs played on a portable karaoke machine. Attracting fans and hatred alike, he has been repeatedly featured in the local news media of East Anglia such as the "Eastern Daily Press" and the "Norwich Evening News". Lately he has also found fans on internet sites such as the video-sharing platform YouTube or the social network website Facebook".
Style.
Using a karaoke machine, the puppets dance while David Perry sings his own interpretations over songs by Elvis Presley and The Beatles. He first started performing as the Norwich Puppet Man in the mid-1990s, but in 1997 was forced to quit when his incapacity benefit was stopped because he was earning money through busking. He returned to busking on Gentleman's Walk in late 2005 or early 2006, by which time internet sites had begun to spread his fame. He does not hold, nor does he require a buskers licence to busk in either Norwich or Great Yarmouth.
He usually performs in pedestrian zones located in the city centres of Norwich and Great Yarmouth, typically two or three times a week and mainly in the afternoons and on weekends. In Norwich, the Puppet Man can mostly be found on Gentleman's Walk off St Peter Mancroft and the old Haymarket around the bottom of Hay Hill. In Great Yarmouth he is usually found on Regent Boulevard.
Over the years, Perry's eccentric style of “"dancing in the city centre behind his ghetto blaster and waving his puppets in time to an eclectic range of music"” has made the Puppet Man a cult figure in Norwich and Great Yarmouth. In a competition organised by Castle Mall shopping centre in June 2007 titled “The faces that sum up why Norwich is such a fine city”, he was named as one of the “25 Faces of Norwich”.
In summer 2008, Perry was hired by a nightclub in Norwich to perform some live action in front of 2,000 people for a student based event. In August 2008, the Puppet Man publicly announced that he was going to stop busking in Norwich and move his activities to Great Yarmouth, but has since continued to appear in Norwich on a regular basis.
Puppets.
The puppets David Perry has used since appearing as the Norwich Puppet Man are:
While the provenance of the first six puppets is unknown, “Basil” and “Suzy” were donated in June 2007 by the owners of “Langley's”, a Norwich toy shop located in Royal Arcade on Gentleman's Walk. Commenting on the puppets, Perry said about the gifts: "“Some people don’t like my singing. I was pleased to get the new puppets. I’ve named the fox Basil and the squirrel is his girlfriend Suzy. Basil likes to dance to the Beatles and Suzy sometimes makes an appearance. Basil was a relation to Basil Brush and now he’s been made to work on the street he’s not happy about it.”"
Public perception.
Over the years, the Norwich Puppet Man has built up a cult following. As a local original, he has even appeared in a series of postcards of Norfolk, claiming to capture unappreciated parts of the county. A group set up in his honour on the social network website Facebook gained more than 4,000 members, and tens of thousands of viewers have watched clips of him that were posted on the video website YouTube.
While Perry's peculiar brand of entertainment has undoubtedly made him locally famous, the quality of the Puppet Man's performances remains controversial. While some describe him as a "“legend”" and a "“great favourite with many shoppers in Gentleman’s Walk”", others find him to be "“a noisy obstruction totally bereft of any skill or creativity”". When Perry was named one of the “25 Faces of
Norwich”, a local shop manager said about the Puppet Man that he "“adds fun to the streets of Norwich, he puts a smile on hundreds of people’s faces every day”" while an angry letter from an anonymous reader of the Norwich Evening News branded him a "“dullard, in a backwater of inbreeding”".
In line with his varied public perception, Perry has not only been featured in local newspapers and on the internet but also become subject to abuse by some people and sometimes even violence. In September 2010, he was reported to have been attacked in Great Yarmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="29823534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823534" title="Graeme Shinnie">
Graeme Shinnie

Graeme Shinnie (born 4 August 1991) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a full back for Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Career.
Shinnie started his career playing for a boy's club in Aberdeen, alongside brother Andrew. He joined Inverness Caledonian Thistle in July 2009, at the age of 17. He made his senior debut for them in the Scottish League Cup on 1 August 2009, before making his League debut on 26 September 2009.
Shinnie went on loan to Forres Mechanics in February 2010. His loan spell with Forres Mechanics was extended until the end of the season.
Shinnie was offered a contract extension by Inverness on 30 November 2010, agreeing a 3-year deal on 13 December 2010.. Shinnie suffered an intestinal problem that stopped him from playing between January and August 2011.
In the 2011-12 season, Graeme's brother, Andrew join Inverness on a free transfer from Rangers. Shinnie scored his first goal of his Inverness career on 27 August 2011 in a 2–1 win over Kilmarnock and after the match, manager Terry Butcher expressed delighted for Shinnie on his first goal. Following a 3–1 loss against Dundee United on 17 September 2011, captain Richie Foran spoken out about Shinnie, stating he was worthy of pass marks. After two-months spell out for the side, Shinnie made his return in a 2-1 loss against Rangers on 17 December 2011. Despite the performance, Butcher would praised the returning of Shinnie and Lee Cox.
In December 2012, Shinnie signed a new contract extension, keeping him until 2015, having vowed to remain at the club.
In the final of the Scottish League Cup, Shinnie played throughout the match until it went to sudden death on penalty shoot-out, in which Aberdeen won the Scottish League Cup.
In April 2014 he was selected to the 2013–14 Premiership PFA Scotland Team of the Year.
International career.
Shinnie made his debut for the Scotland national under-21 football team in April 2012.
Personal life.
Shinnie is the younger brother of Andrew Shinnie, who joined him at Inverness in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="29823535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823535" title="Arnet">
Arnet

Arnet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29823542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823542" title="1983 Virginia Slims of Kansas">
1983 Virginia Slims of Kansas

The 1983 Virginia Slims of Kansas was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Kansas City, Kansas in the United States that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series. The tournament was held from September 19 through September 25, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="29823544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823544" title="Veer Hambir">
Veer Hambir

Veer Hambir, also known as Bir Hambir, was the ruler of the Kingdom of Bishnupur in south-western Bengal from 1565-1620. He adopted Vaishnavism as the primary religious sect of his realm.
Personal Life.
Hambir was the 49th ruler of the Malla dynasty who flourished around 1586 AD and ruled in 16th-17th century, and was a contemporary of the Mughal emperor Akbar the Great. He fought on the side of Akbar against the Afghans and paid an annual tribute to the Muslim viceroys of Bengal and thus acknowledged their suzerainty.
Bir Hambir was a pious man who converted to Vaishnavism. A story in two Vaishnava works (Prem-vilasa of Nityananda Das (alias Balaram Das) and Bhakti Ratnakara of Narahari Chakrabarti) recounts the manner in which Srinivasa and other devotees were robbed by Bir Hambir while travelling from Vrindavan to Gaur with a number of Vaishanava manuscripts. However, Bir Hambir was so moved by Srinivasa’s reading of Bhagavata that he converted to Vaishnavism and gave Srinivasa a rich endowment of land and money. He introduced the worship of Madan Mohan to Bishnupur.

</doc>
<doc id="29823557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823557" title="Salmon Willow Trail">
Salmon Willow Trail

Salmon Willow Trail is in the southern Gore Range, part of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Eagles Nest Wilderness, Summit County. Salmon Willow Trail is north of Interstate 70, west of Highway 9, in Silverthorne. It connects the Gore Range Trail with Salmon Lake and the Willow Lakes that lie against Willow Peak and feed North Willow Creek.
The Salmon Willow trailhead is located in Willowbrook subdivision of Silverthorne. Approximately an hour up from the trailhead, the Salmon Willow Trail meets the Gore Range Trail at the base of Red Peak. The Gore Range trail proceeds north, meeting a junction with the Salmon Willow Trail. The Salmon Willow Trail ascends moderately, rising west into the valley between Red Peak and Willow Peak. Bearing to the right at the next junction, a trail leads to Salmon Lake, named for the pink boulders that surround this alpine lake. Proceeding straight to the ragged amphitheater formed by the mountains, a series of ponds lie ahead, feeding North Willow Creek. The Willow Lakes are two miles from the intersection with the Gore Range Trail. In summer, the broad valley is covered with the blossoms of high alpine and tundra wildflowers. Greatest Hikes in Central Colorado: Summit and Eagle Counties, a hiking guide by Kim Fenske, provides a description of Salmon Willow Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="29823567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823567" title="1916 Dayton Triangles season">
1916 Dayton Triangles season

The 1916 Dayton Triangles season was their fourth season in the Ohio League, and the first under the name, "Triangles". The team posted a 9–1 record. 

</doc>
<doc id="29823577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823577" title="Nathan Cole Jr.">
Nathan Cole Jr.

Nathan Cole Jr. (1860–1921) was one of the two founders of the "Los Angeles Daily Times," now the Los Angeles Times. The son of a wealthy St. Louis, Missouri, politician and banker, he was just 21 years old in 1881 when he and a colleague, Thomas Gardiner, put together the first issues of the new venture to be printed on the presses of the Mirror Publishing Company. He later was a real estate man and a Los Angeles city police commissioner.
Cole worked on a St. Louis newspaper, then traveled west to Portland, Oregon, and to Woodland, California. He came to Los Angeles specifically to start a newspaper, which ran into financial difficulty and was taken over by General Harrison Gray Otis in 1882. Cole returned to St. Louis, where he went into business with his father, Nathan Sr., who had been a U.S. Representative in Congress and Mayor of St. Louis. Cole soon returned to Los Angeles, where he remained until he died on December 7, 1921.
He began his Los Angeles career as a Republican editing a Republican newspaper, but he switched to the Democrats and became a leader of the local party. He was a Democratic committeeman in the first presidential election campaign of Woodrow Wilson. Cole was an early member of the Jonathan Club and was a Mason and a member of the Sons of the Revolution. He was appointed to the police commission by Mayor Arthur C. Harper.
He was survived by his wife and by two daughters, Gladys Cole and Mrs. R.L. McCrea, and by sons Nathan and Richard H.

</doc>
<doc id="29823579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823579" title="Oliveria Prescott">
Oliveria Prescott

Oliveria Louisa Prescott (3 September 1843 – 1919) was an English writer and composer.
Biography.
Oliveria Prescott was born in London, the daughter of Frederick Joseph Prescott and Elizabeth Oliveria Russell. She studied with Lindsay Sloper and then at the Royal Academy of Music under George Alexander Macfarren. She became Macfarren's amenuensis.
She lectured in harmony and composition for Newnham College, Cambridge, and also taught harmony at the High School for Girls in Baker Street, London.
Works.
Prescott composed several overtures, a piano concerto, shorter orchestral pieces, vocal and choral works and two symphonies. 
Selected works include:

</doc>
<doc id="29823614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823614" title="British Columbia Liberal Party leadership election, 2011">
British Columbia Liberal Party leadership election, 2011

The British Columbia Liberal Party leadership election of 2011 was prompted by Gordon Campbell's announcement on November 3, 2010 that he would be resigning as Premier of British Columbia and had asked the BC Liberal Party to hold a leadership convention "at the earliest possible date." The convention elected Christy Clark as the new leader of the party on February 26, 2011.
Status of the leadership until the convention.
Upon announcing his resignation, Gordon Campbell did not state whether he would stay on as Premier and party leader until a new leader was chosen, or whether an interim leader would fill this role. However, Campbell soon made it clear that he would be staying on until a new leader was elected. "A smooth and orderly transition doesn't mean you have two or three leaders in a period of two or three months. So I'll be premier until the party selects a new leader. The new leader will then be sworn in as premier, and there will be a smooth and orderly transition."
Voting rules.
On November 13, 2010, the Provincial Executive of the BC Liberal Party voted unanimously to call an extraordinary convention to approve new rules for the Party's leadership vote process. The "preferential ballot system" recommended by the Provincial Executive gives each party member a vote and then adjusts the results according to a regionally-weighted point system to ensure that each riding association counts equally. The first candidate to receive more than 50% of the regionally-weighted points in province-wide round of voting would emerge as the next Leader of the BC Liberal Party. These recommendations were approved by two-thirds of delegates at an extraordinary convention held on February 12, 2011.
Declared candidates.
The following candidates declared their intention to run for the leadership:
George Abbott.
MLA for Shuswap (since 1996), Minister of Education (2005–09, 2010), Minister of Aboriginal Relations and Reconciliation (2009–10), Minister of Community, Aboriginal and Women’s Services and Minister of Sustainable Resource Management.
Christy Clark.
Former MLA for Port Moody-Westwood (1996–2005), Deputy Premier (2001–04), Minister of Education (2001–04), Minister of Children and Family Development (2004).
Mike de Jong.
MLA for Abbotsford West (since 1994), Attorney General and Government House Leader (2009–10), Minister of Public Safety and Solicitor General, Minister of Aboriginal Relations and Reconciliation
Kevin Falcon.
MLA for Surrey-Cloverdale (since 2001), Minister of Transportation (2004–09), Minister of Health Services (2009–10)
Results.
The rounds were counted in terms of points, with 100 points allocated per electoral district.
Potential/withdrawn candidates.
Potential candidates that declined to run:
Withdrawn candidates:
Moira Stilwell.
MLA for Vancouver-Langara (since 2009), Minister of Regional Economic and Skills Development (2010), Minister of Education and Labour Market Development (2009–10).
Ed Mayne.
Mayor of Parksville, British Columbia.
Polling.
Early polling has shown that Christy Clark is the candidate with the highest level of support among all voters, with a net positive score of eleven versus minus one for George Abbott, minus twelve for Moira Stilwell, minus eighteen for Mike de Jong, and minus twenty-three for Kevin Falcon. This is in line with earlier polls which found Clark with a twenty-five-point lead among all voters as preferred BC Liberal leader and a fourteen point lead among definite Liberal voters. An update of the poll on February 22, after Stilwell and Mayne had withdrawn, showed Clark still leading with a 67% favourability rating, with Falcon in second at 51%, and Abbott and de Jong tied at third with 46%.
Early in the race, an analysis of social media in the "Vancouver Sun", published on December 11, 2010, found that Kevin Falcon had generated the most social media traffic amongst the candidates who had already declared their intention to run.
Debates.
Initially, the Party did not intend to hold public debates between the candidates. However, debate forums were eventually announced on January 27, 2011, via the BC Liberals' website:
The BC Liberal Party designed and controlled the debate format, intending for them to be non-controversial. Only registered party members were able to attend, all debate questions were provided to the candidates in advance, and there were few exchanges between the candidates. The debates were criticized as being bland and stifling. Following the withdrawal of Stilwell and Mayne, an additional debate was held between the remaining candidates and aired on Shaw TV Vancouver on February 20.

</doc>
<doc id="29823638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823638" title="Henry Ormsby">
Henry Ormsby

Henry Ormsby PC, QC (1812 – 1887) was an Irish lawyer and judge.
Ormsby was born at Powerscourt, County Wicklow, the fourth son of the Reverend Henry Ormsby and his wife Margaret Sandys. He was educated at the University of Dublin, called to the Bar in 1835 and appointed a Queen's Counsel in 1858. He was Solicitor-General for Ireland in 1868 and again in 1874 and Attorney-General for Ireland 1875. Later that year he was appointed judge of the Landed Estates Court; he became a judge of the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice in Ireland in 1875, retiring in 1885.
Ormsby married Julia Hamilton in 1840; their son George Albert Ormsby was Bishop of British Honduras.

</doc>
<doc id="29823642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823642" title="Dubai Bank Kenya">
Dubai Bank Kenya

Dubai Bank Kenya (DBK), whose complete name is Dubai Bank Kenya Limited, but is often referred to as Dubai Bank, is a commercial bank in Kenya. It is one of the forty-four commercial banks licensed by the Central Bank of Kenya, the national banking regulator. The bank is not affiliated with Dubai Bank of United Arab Emirates or with that bank's parent company, Dubai Banking Group.
History.
The bank was established in 1982, originally as a branch of Bank of Oman. The assets and liabilities of the bank were subsequently acquired by Mashreq Bank Plc. In 2000, those assets and liabilities were acquired by the present shareholders, who rebranded the institution to Dubai Bank Kenya Limited.
Overview.
DBK is a small bank in Kenya, East Africa's largest economy. In December 2012, the bank's total assets were valued at about US$30 million (KES:2.58 billion). , the bank was ranked number forty-three, by assets, out of forty-three licensed commercial banks in Kenya.
Ownership.
, Dubai Bank Kenya is a privately held company whose owners are not publicly known.
Branch network.
The bank maintains a network of branches at the following locations:
Governance.
The bank is governed by a six-person Board of Directors. Hassan Zubeidi, one of the non-Executive Directors is the Chairman of the Board. The Managing Director is Binay Dutta.

</doc>
<doc id="29823645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823645" title="1983 Virginia Slims of Detroit">
1983 Virginia Slims of Detroit

The 1983 Virginia Slims of Detroit was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Detroit, Michigan in the United States that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series. The tournament was held from October 3 through October 9, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="29823646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823646" title="Desideri d'estate">
Desideri d'estate

Desideri d'estate is a 1964 Italian comedy film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823656" title="Mort, où est ta victoire?">
Mort, où est ta victoire?

Mort, où est ta victoire? is a 1964 French film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823657" title="Jens Josef">
Jens Josef

Jens Josef (born 5 August 1967 in Solingen-Ohligs) is a German composer of classical music, a flutist and academic teacher.
Career.
Jens Josef received flute instructions from Rita Eggenweiler and Klaus Grünow, principal flute of the Staatstheater Kassel, and took composition classes with Jörn Tegtmeyer, the director of church music of Hann. Münden.
From 1989 to 1997 Josef studied at the Musikhochschule Frankfurt, flute with Peter Brock and Paul Dahme, and composition with Gerhard Müller-Hornbach. He finished his examinations in 1995, his concert examinations in 1997. He also studied flute with András Adorján and composition with Rainer Kunad.
He was a member of the Norddeutsche Philharmonie in Rostock in 1992/93, and the flutist of the orchestra "Saitensprünge" in 1994/95. He has worked as a freelance artist, flutist, composer, teacher, and conductor. in 1997 he founded the ensemble "Gruppe Kontraste" together with Christian Ridil. In 1998 he was principal flute of the "Junge Philharmonie Hessen-Thüringen". He has collaborated with the "Mutare Ensemble" in Frankfurt.
Josef was a teacher at the "Akademie für Tonkunst" in Darmstadt from 2000 to 2006, and at the Musikhochschule Frankfurt from 2003 to 2006. He has been a teacher of the Musikakademie Kassel since 2006. He has participated in the educational project Ohrwurm-Projekt, a music project aiming at elementary school children.
His oratorio "Vor langer Zeit. Stationen einer Stadt" for speaker, two sopranos, baritone and ensemble, was premiered in 2000 in the Blasiuskirche, Hann. Münden.
The ensemble La Picassola commissioned him to write a piece for their first concert. He composed "Musik für Flöte(n), Viola und Kontrabass nach dem Bild von Pablo Picasso "Bildnis seiner kleinen Tochter"" (2001) (music for flute(s), viola and double bass inspired by Picasso's portrait of his little daughter) in four movements, premiered in the Foyer of the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden.
That same year Josef arranged Schubert's "Winterreise" for tenor and string quartet. It was recorded by Christian Elsner and the Henschel Quartet in 2002, and performed in 2004 by Peter Schreier and the Dresdner Streichquartett.
He played the flute in a trio concert at the Gasteig, with Rudi Spring (piano) and Graham Waterhouse (cello), performing Martinů's trio and the premiere of the flute version of Gestural Variations; every composer contributed a Christmas carol, Josef set "Süßer die Glocken nie klingen". In 2010 he was the alto flutist in the premiere there of the song "Im Gebirg" (The Mountain) by Waterhouse on a poem by Hans Krieger, with Martina Koppelstetter (mezzo-soprano), the composer and Christopher White (piano).
Josef's chamber music is recorded on a composer portrait CD "Kammermusik", including "Fünf Chansons nach Texten von François Villon" (for soprano, flute, clarinet and percussion), "26.6.1626" (concertante scene no. 2 for baritone, flute, violin, bassoon and piano), "Bizarrerien" (three songs and two intermezzi for soprano, alto flute and guitar), and the "Musik für Flöte(n), Viola und Kontrabass", played by La Picassola.

</doc>
<doc id="29823665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823665" title="Crucero de verano">
Crucero de verano

Crucero de verano is a 1964 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823675" title="1915 Dayton Gym-Cadets season">
1915 Dayton Gym-Cadets season

The 1915 Dayton Gym-Cadets season was their third season in the Ohio League. The team changed its name this season from the St. Mary's Cadets to the Dayton Gym-Cadets, after their presumed sponsors, the Dayton Gymnastic Club. The team posted a 7-1-1 record.

</doc>
<doc id="29823683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823683" title="Boca Río Gallegos">
Boca Río Gallegos

Club Boca Río Gallegos is an Argentine sports club from the city of Río Gallegos, Santa Cruz. Although other sports are practised (such as basketball, field hockey or taekwondo), the club is mostly known for its football team, which currently plays in the Torneo Argentino B, the regionalised 4th level of Argentine football league system.
History.
The first step in the foundation of Club Boca was given by a group of enthusiastic meat processing plant workers, who decided to join themselves and create a football team in the city of Río Gallegos. But this wouldn't be totally fulfilled until October 12, 1945, which settled down as the official date of foundation of the institution.
On 1988 Boca participated in the Torneo Regional (organized by Asociación del Fútbol Argentino) for the first time. Boca was allowed to play after the teams which had finished first, second and third in the last tournament, declined to participate in the next edition. Boca had finished 4th and therefore could come into the tournament filling the vacant place.
That team was coached by Jacinto Cáceres, who had managed before a well-remembered team of San Lorenzo de Almagro during the Torneo Regional played in 1982. Boca would be soon nicknamed "Boca Coraje" (Courage Boca) due to the Club assumed the compromise of being representing the city of Río Gallegos, having formed a competitive team before the time limit for the beginning of the competition, otherwise they couldn't have played the tournament.
The first championship won by Boca was obtained on October 12, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="29823687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823687" title="The Devil in Love (film)">
The Devil in Love (film)

The Devil in Love (Italian: L'arcidiavolo) is a 1966 Italian fantasy-comedy film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823688" title="26th Independent Spirit Awards">
26th Independent Spirit Awards

The 2010 Independent Spirit Awards announced its nominees in November 2010. The winners were announced on February 26, 2011. It was hosted by Joel McHale.
Nominees and winners.
Best Feature.
Black Swan
Best First Feature.
Get Low
Best Director.
"'Darren Aronofsky – "Black Swan"
Best Male Lead.
"'James Franco – "127 Hours"
Best Female Lead.
'"Natalie Portman – "Black Swan"
Best Supporting Male.
"'John Hawkes – "Winter's Bone"
Best Supporting Female.
"'Dale Dickey – "Winter's Bone"
Best Screenplay.
"The Kids Are All Right" – Stuart Blumberg and Lisa Cholodenko
Best First Screenplay.
"Tiny Furniture" – Lena Dunham
Best Cinematography.
"Black Swan" – Matthew Libatique
Best Foreign Film.
"The King's Speech" • UK
Best Documentary Feature.
Exit Through the Gift Shop
John Cassavetes Award.
Daddy Longlegs
Truer Than Fiction Award.
Marwencol
Producers Award.
"'Anish Savjani – "Meek's Cutoff"
Someone to Watch Award.
"'Mike Ott – "Littlerock"

</doc>
<doc id="29823696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823696" title="Locust Valley, Pennsylvania">
Locust Valley, Pennsylvania

Location.
Locust Valley, Pennsylvania is a village located in the southeastern corner of Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, USA at the southern end of Upper Saucon Township. This area is bordered by Springfield Township and Milford Township in Bucks County, PA along with Lower Milford Township in Lehigh County. The present mailing address is Coopersburg, PA, 18036.
History.
The village developed around an iron mill (P. Weaver Foundry) that is located on the Southern Branch of the Saucon Creek. The mill race can still be seen as part of Locust Valley Golf Course. The Locust Valley name came from the locust trees planted on the mill owner's property. The Locust Valley golf course still contains numerous locust trees.
The village was once home to a post office, store (W. Trumbaur Store), hotel, school, tavern, and church.
The one-room schoolhouse, built in 1880, is still in existence as a residential home at the intersection of Blue Church Rd S and Beverly Hills Rd.

</doc>
<doc id="29823697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823697" title="Ministers of Justice of Guinea">
Ministers of Justice of Guinea

A list of Ministers of Justice of Guinea follows, from independence to the present.

</doc>
<doc id="29823707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823707" title="Calda e... infedele">
Calda e... infedele

Calda e... infedele is a 1968 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823709" title="Escalation (film)">
Escalation (film)

Escalation is a 1968 Italian film written and directed by Roberto Faenza and starring actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823716" title="Meglio vedova">
Meglio vedova

Meglio vedova is a 1968 Italian comedy film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823724" title="L'età del malessere">
L'età del malessere

L'età del malessere is a 1968 Italian drama film directed by Giuliano Biagetti. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823725" title="Roma come Chicago">
Roma come Chicago

Roma come Chicago (internationally released as "Rome like Chicago" and "Bandits in Rome") is a 1968 Italian crime film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823731" title="Ariel-class gunboat">
Ariel-class gunboat

The "Ariel"-class gunboat was a class of nine 4-gun composite gunboats built for the Royal Navy between 1871 and 1873. Although most were sold by 1890, one of them survived into the 1920s as a salvage vessel in private ownership. They were the first class of Royal Navy gunboat built of composite construction, that is, with iron keel, stem and stern posts, and iron framing, but planked with wood.
Design and construction.
Designed by Sir Edward Reed, Chief Constructor of the Royal Navy, the "Ariel"-class gunboats were the first Royal Navy gunboats of composite construction. They were some of the first vessels to be fitted with compound-expansion engines, allowing the Royal Navy to experiment with new engine designs at little risk in small, cheap vessels. These engines developed 60 nominal horsepower (an indicated horsepower of between and ). They were armed with two 64-pounder (56cwt) muzzle-loading rifles and two 20-pounder Armstrong breech loaders. All 4 guns were mounted on traversing carriages. Some of the class were re-armed in the 1880s with two 5-inch and two 4-inch breech loaders. All the ships of the class carried a three-masted barquentine rig.

</doc>
<doc id="29823735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823735" title="Un bellissimo novembre">
Un bellissimo novembre

Un bellissimo novembre is a 1969 Italian film. It stars actors Gabriele Ferzetti and Gina Lollobrigida. It is based on a novel with the same name written by Ercole Patti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823739" title="L'amica">
L'amica

L'amica is a 1969 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823741" title="Ryan Flynn (ice hockey)">
Ryan Flynn (ice hockey)

Ryan Flynn (born March 22, 1988) is an American professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Ilves of the Finnish SM-liiga. He was selected by the Nashville Predators in the 6th round (176th overall) of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Flynn competed at the 2006 IIHF World U18 Championships where he won a gold medal as a member of Team USA.
Prior to turning professional, Flynn attended the University of Minnesota where he played four seasons with the Minnesota Golden Gophers men's ice hockey team which competes in NCAA's Division I in the WCHA conference.
Flynn began his professional career with the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League. 
For the 2012-13 season he played in Italy with HC Bolzano, scoring 28 goals and 20 assists for 48 points in 42 games played, and on September 7, 2013, it was announced that Flynn would be joining Ilves to play in the Finnish SM-liiga.

</doc>
<doc id="29823743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823743" title="Cannabis (film)">
Cannabis (film)

Cannabis is a 1970 crime film directed by Pierre Koralnik. It is a co-production between France, West Germany and Italy. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.
Release.
"Cannabis" was released in France on September 2, 1970. It was released in Italy on February 2, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="29823748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823748" title="Mendiants et orgueilleux">
Mendiants et orgueilleux

Mendiants et orgueilleux is a 1971 French film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823754" title="Artcell">
Artcell

Artcell is a Bangladeshi progressive rock band formed in October 1999. According to The Daily Star, a leading English national daily, Artcell is "one of the leading rock bands of the country".
Formation.
Prior to forming the band, the four current members were school friends from Dhaka, and used to get together to play Metallica songs. Eventually Ershad came up with compositions of his own and the group began to play them at shows. The response they got was encouraging, which led to the formation of a band. What started off as an underground band is now one of the most recognized mainstream bands in the Bengali metal music scene.
The name "Artcell" was decided upon because it was softer sounding than a typical heavy metal name. In Cézanne and Shaju's words:
Onno Shomoy (1999-2002).
Artcell released its first studio album Onno Shomoy in 2002. It was both critically and commercially successful. The band lost its main songwriter Rupok to cerebral malaria while working on this album. Onno Shomoy was dedicated to him. One of the songs was titled "Rupok - Ekti Gaan" in his memory.
Aniket Prantor (2002-2006).
After the success of Onno Shomoy, Artcell spent four years carrying out experiments with their music without releasing an album although they did release singles scattered in various albums by other bands or compilation albums. Their second studio album Aniket Prantor came in April 2006. The album was one of the top sellers of the year, and in May the band performed their second solo concert at Dhaka's Bashundhara Convention Centre.
Aniket prantor is the longest song of Artcell.
2007-2014.
Artcell celebrated its 10th anniversary on October 23, 2009 with a live concert entitled "10 Years Of Artcell Insanity" at the Winter Garden, Dhaka Sheraton Hotel. A DVD of the concert was due to be released in 2010. Artcell continue to regularly perform live shows and they have also made many tours out of Dhaka, including Chittagong, Khulna, Rajshahi and Sylhet, with some tours in India and Sydney, Australia. In 2009 the band took part in "International Coastal Cleanup 2009", a day-long beach clean-up movement, at the Cox's Bazar sea beach.
In early 2010 the band travelled to Australia and performed at Belmore Sports Ground in Sydney on 3 January. The band is due to be one of the country's leading bands to perform at a concert against violence to women in the Banani Army Stadium, Dhaka, in December 2010.
In January 9, 2012 Artcell announced the releasing of their third album and clarified that it will surely be released sometime in 2012.They posted in their Facebook page:"This is to inform all Artcell fans and friends who have been waiting for our 3rd album, wait just for a few more months and Hopefully you won't be disappointed. In addition Artcell is also getting ready with some special releases...Music, videos and communication contents. So, look forward to a year full of activities. Thank you all again for your love and support. You guys are our true strength. Thank you". 
Artcell decided to work on their 3rd album on 2013. They played in "Rocknation Overload" on 19 April 2014 after a break of around 2 years.
In 2014, the rumor has it, that their long time bassist & backup vocalist Cézanne left the band, however no official statement from the band has been made so far on the issue. 

</doc>
<doc id="29823755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823755" title="Saks-34th Street">
Saks-34th Street

Saks-34th Street was a fashion focused middle market department store that was spun off from Saks & Company when that upscale retailer moved to a new store on New York's 5th Avenue, a location that Saks 5th Avenue maintains to this day.
Saks-34th Street became a part of Gimbel's New York division, and a sky bridge across 33rd Street connected the 2nd floors of both flagship buildings.
In the 1947 movie Miracle on 34th Street the facade of Saks-34th Street is shown in a scene that focuses on the Gimbel's flagship store. Branch locations were opened around the greater New York area.
After Gimbels decided to close the division, the 1st floor of the building was used as a Christmas season annex for Gimbel's before being sold to the E.J. Korvettes chain.
After the demise of the Korvettes chain the building was remolded into the Herald Center project, as it remains as of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="29823760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823760" title="IPrEx">
IPrEx

iPrEx (""Iniciativa Profilaxis Pre-Exposición"") was a phase III clinical trial to determine whether the antiretroviral medication emtricitabine/tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (commercially know as Truvada®) could safely and effectively prevent HIV acquisition through sex in men who have sex with men.  iPrEx was the first human study of an HIV prevention strategy know as pre-exposure prophylaxis, or PrEP.
The study began in 2007 at four study sites in Peru and Ecuador, following three years of extensive community and stakeholders consultations.  In 2008 the study expanded to seven additional sites in Brazil, South Africa, Thailand and the United States.    
Study sponsors.
iPrEx was sponsored by the US National Institutesof Health (NIH) through a grant to the Gladstone Institutes, a non-profit independent research organization affiliated to the University of California at San Francisco.  Additional support for the conduct of the study was provided by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.   Study medication was donated by Gilead Sciences Inc.    
Study design.
iPrEx was an interventional double-blind, placebo controlled trial of the safety and efficacy of the once-daily antiretroviral medication emtricitabine/tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (FTC/TDF) as pre-exposure prophylaxis for the prevention of HIV acquisition in sexually active gay and bisexual men and transgender women who have sex with men.  
The study enrolled 2,499 HIV uninfected participants at 11 study sites in six countries on four continents. These participants attended monthly visits to receive a bottle of study medication with supply for 30 days.  Half of the study participants received an experimental PrEP pill (Truvada) and the other half received placebo.
Participants also received additional HIV prevention services to help reduce their risk of contracting HIV.  These included HIV testing, safer sex counseling, treatment of sexually transmitted infections and provision of condoms.
Demographics.
The distribution of study participation by site and country is as follows: 
Study results.
The iPrEx study started in June of 2007 and concluded in February of 2011.  Preliminary study results were published in the New England Journal of Medicine on 23 November 2010.  Participants were followed for a median of 21 months.  The average age of study participants was 24.
Of the 2,499 participants, 1,251 were randomly assigned to Truvada and 1,248 were assigned to take the placebo tablet (sugar pill).  There were 36 HIV infections among the participants who were offered Truvada and 64 among those offered placebo, meaning that Truvada PrEP provided 44% additional protection against HIV in this group.  This efficacy analysis (a modified intention-to-treat analysis) includes those study participants who received active study drug but who did not take it regularly enough for the drug to have any protective effect. 
Protection against HIV infection was significantly higher among iPrEx study participants who took the drug regularly enough to have detectable drug concentrations in their systems, as measured through blood analysis.  Among participants whose blood analyses indicated that they took PrEP 7 days a week, HIV acquisition risk was reduced by 99%. Among those who took the drug 4 days a week, the risk of HIV acquisition was reduced by 96%. 
Due to the positive results, the study expanded to follow up participants for 72 weeks in an open label extension phase (see iPrEx OLE, below).
Response to results.
Popular media.
On the day of announcement of iPrEx study results, the President of the United States, Barack Obama, welcomed the outcomes of the study. The U.S. news magazine TIME called the iPrEx results the most significant medical breakthrough of 2010. 
CDC interim guidance.
In January of 2011, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued interim guidance for the provision of PrEP to prevent sexual acquisition of HIV among men who have sex with men. 
International Partnership for Microbicides.
The International Partnership for Microbicides issued a statement by founder Zeda Rosenberg saying that "The hard work and dedication of the iPrEx team and trial participants has led to a second successful proof-of-concept this year for an ARV-based HIV-prevention product. We must not falter at this important time in history when science shows us that, with sufficient resolve, we can begin to control and potentially reverse the HIV epidemic."
FDA approval of Truvada for PrEP.
On 27 August 2012, the US Food and Drug Administration approved the use of Truvada as PrEP for sexually active adults, based on the results of two clinical trials: iPrEx and PartnersPrEP. 
iPrEx OLE.
iPrEx OLE (OLE stands for Open Label Extension) is a continuation of the iPrEx study designed to provide additional information about the safety of PrEP and the behavior of people taking PrEP over a longer term, including information on:
It is hoped that participants’ knowledge that Truvada PrEP is safe and effective for HIV infection, and that no placebo is used in the study, will lead to increased use of the study drug and increased protection against HIV infection among in iPrEx OLE participants.
iPrEx OLE started enrollment on 13 June 2011 at the San Francisco Department of Public Health in California, USA and closed enrollment in July 2012 at Investigaciones Medicas en Salud in Lima, Peru. 
All participants enrolled in the first phase of the iPrEx study were invited to continue in the Open Label Extension.  Through iPrEx OLE, all HIV-negative study participants who choose to take it receive daily oral PrEP with Truvada. HIV-positive study participants receive regular medical monitoring and other services through iPrEx OLE, but do not receive the study drug, which is designed to prevent HIV infection.
iPrEx OLE enrolled 1770 participants at 11 sites in six countries. Of all participants enrolled in iPrEx OLE, 1,129 (63.8%) chose the "on-PrEP" track and 473 (26.7%) elected to be "off-PrEP". There are 168 (9.5%) seropositive participants enrolled in the open label extension. Results from this open label extension phase of the study are expected by the first quarter of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="29823761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823761" title="Un'anguilla da 300 milioni">
Un'anguilla da 300 milioni

Un'anguilla da 300 milioni (internationally released as "Million Dollar Eel") is a 1971 Italian comedy film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823770" title="Doppia coppia con Regina">
Doppia coppia con Regina

Doppia coppia con Regina is a 1972 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823772" title="Sts. Peter and Paul Church (St. Paul Island, Alaska)">
Sts. Peter and Paul Church (St. Paul Island, Alaska)

Sts. Peter and Paul Church is a Russian Orthodox church on St. Paul Island, Alaska. The current church, built in 1907, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
A first church was built in 1779 "according to legend"; a second church was built in 1819 atop the island's tallest hill. The current church was built in 1907, and was then "one of the most ambitiously designed and effectively executed small churches of the Byzantine tradition in Alaska." Its onion domes, however, were repeatedly damaged in storms, and have been replaced.

</doc>
<doc id="29823773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823773" title="Trois milliards sans ascenseur">
Trois milliards sans ascenseur

Trois milliards sans ascenseur () is a 1972 French-Italian film, directed by Roger Pigaut. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823789" title="Ole Carlson House">
Ole Carlson House

The Ole Carlson House is a historic farmhouse in Dodge County, Minnesota; located in Canisteo Township, it is approximately from Kasson, Minnesota. The private home was placed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on April 16, 1982. The structure was built by Ole Anderson Aasved, a self-educated Norwegian farmer who found prosperity in the American Upper Midwest.
Structure.
The Ole Carlson House is located on County Road 15, south of Kasson in Dodge County, Minnesota. Its location on a slight elevation makes the structure very visible. The house is a large, two-story, almost square brick structure, symmetrical in arrangement with a hip roof and roof deck, with a projecting central gabled pavilion. At the time the home was completed, it had a balustrade along the edge of the roof deck, however it is no longer present. In addition to the main house, a small one-story brick addition on the eastern side (rear) houses a summer kitchen.
The design includes elements reminiscent of the Italianate style, which are often found in rural Minnesota farmhouses of the era and used to emphasize verticality. These elements include two-over-two double-hung sash windows in tall rectangular openings with keystone segmental-arch hoods, and the hooded double front entrance. Unlike similar houses, conventional eave brackets were never applied to the house.
The south foundation includes a datestone with the designer's name "O. A. Aasved" as well as the date "1880".
History.
Ole Anderson Aasved was born in March 1826 near Trondheim, Norway. Raised on a farm, he had almost no formal education, but he sought to educate himself. Aasved was married several times. He married Christiana Anderson in 1849, and the couple had one child, Christiana (later Mrs. Martin Peterson), before his wife died in 1854. Aasved moved to the United States in 1857, and in 1860 he married fellow Norwegian native Ingred Alexson; they had one daughter, Anna, before Alexson died in 1869. He worked in logging Michigan before settling in Minnesota. In 1865 he enlisted in the 2nd Minnesota Volunteer Cavalry Regiment of the Union Army, but saw no active service and was discharged in the same year. 
In Minnesota, Aasved accumulated of land in adjacent and parcels. Aasved finished the house in 1882 at a cost of $3,000. In 1883 he married a third time, to fellow Norwegian Benedicka Hanson.
By 1981, the home remained in the hands of the great-grandson of its original owner.
Significance.
The Ole Carlson House was selected for placement on the NRHP based on its significance to the agricultural history of the Upper Midwest, its own unique architecture, and as an example of the ethnic settlements of early Norwegian Americans. The owner/builder represents the rural Norwegian heritage of the area. A county history of 1884 declared that the house was "the best farm house in the county."

</doc>
<doc id="29823800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823800" title="Processo per direttissima">
Processo per direttissima

Processo per direttissima is a 1974 Italian poliziottesco film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823803" title="La prova d'amore">
La prova d'amore

La prova d'amore is a 1974 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823809" title="Appassionata (film)">
Appassionata (film)

Appassionata is a 1974 Italian erotic drama film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823813" title="Fatevi vivi, la polizia non interverrà">
Fatevi vivi, la polizia non interverrà

Fatevi vivi, la polizia non interverrà is a 1974 Italian poliziottesco film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823820" title="Corruzione al palazzo di giustizia">
Corruzione al palazzo di giustizia

Corruzione al palazzo di giustizia (internationally released as"Smiling Maniacs") is a 1975 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823823" title="...a tutte le auto della polizia">
...a tutte le auto della polizia

...a tutte le auto della polizia ("...To All the Police Cars") is a 1975 Italian poliziottesco film. It stars actors Enrico Maria Salerno and Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823834" title="1914 Dayton St. Mary's Cadets season">
1914 Dayton St. Mary's Cadets season

The 1914 Dayton Gym-Cadets season was their second season in the Ohio League. The team would go on to post a 5–5 record. 

</doc>
<doc id="29823836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823836" title="La Orca">
La Orca

La Orca (also known as "Snatch") is a 1976 Italian exploitation crime film directed by Eriprando Visconti. It has a sequel, "Oedipus Orca", filmed the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="29823840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823840" title="Nick the Sting">
Nick the Sting

Gli amici di Nick Hezard, internationally released as Nick the Sting, is a 1976 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823844" title="Douglas A. Lawson">
Douglas A. Lawson

Douglas A. Lawson (born 1947) is a geologist, paleontologist, and computer scientist.
In 1971, Lawson discovered a partial wing (fragments of huge wing bones imbedded in a
sandstone outcropping) of what he later named "Quetzalcoatlus", a pterosaur, in Texas' Big Bend National Park. Lawson found the remains of the giant pterosaur while searching for the bones of titanosaur sauropods such as "Alamosaurus". At the time of reporting of its discovery (1975) "Quetzalcoatlus" was the largest flying creature known.
A fellow researcher challenged Lawson's estimates of "Quetzalcoatlus' " wing architecture dimensions. Lawson responded by demonstrating that, while his estimates were inconsistent with those of modern-day birds, they were, in fact, consistent with extrapolations of other pterosaurs such as "Pterodactylus antiquus".
Lawson’s discovery of the remains of "Quetzalcoatlus northropi" caused scientists to rethink both the evolution of flight and the habitats of giant fliers.
In 2010, the U.S. National Park Service describes "Quetzalcoatlus" as the world's second largest known flying creature. Lawson appears in Sir David Attenborough's motion picture documentary, "Flying Monsters 3D" (2011), discussing "Quetzalcoatlus' " impressive wingspan and how estimates of that wingspan changed over time.
Lawson's interest in evolving systems and swarming led him to develop as a computer scientist. For Southwest Airlines, Lawson used evolutionary computation methods to evaluate alternate means of passengers boarding aircraft. Based upon the behavior of ants, Lawson determined whether assigned seating would be faster than Southwest's "festival seating" by creating an ant-based routing computer simulation of passengers boarding a plane, and then trying each pattern.
Additionally, Lawson has used used ant-based routing in assigning aircraft arrivals to airport gates. At Southwest Airlines a software program uses swarm theory, or swarm intelligence—the idea that a colony of ants works better than one alone. "People don't like being only 500 yards away from a gate and having to sit out there until another aircraft leaves." "Each pilot or plane acts like an ant searching for the best airport gate. "The pilot learns from his experience what's the best for him, and it turns out that that's the best solution for the airline," Dr. Douglas A. Lawson explains. As a result, the "colony" of pilots always go to gates they can arrive and depart quickly. The program can even alert a pilot of plane back-ups before they happen. "We can anticipate that it's going to happen, so we'll have a gate available," Dr. Lawson says
Lawson was one of 100 alumni featured in Celebrating 100 Years: 1910-2010 marking the 100th anniversary of the Graduate School at the University of Texas at Austin. He was among individuals selected to represent the Jackson School of Geosciences.
Career.
Lawson began his synecological research with working on his Masters Degree studying the paleoecology of the Tornillo Formation in Big Bend National Park, Texas. During his study of this Late Cretaceous intermontane basin community, he discovered the fossil remains of the giant pterosaur "Quetzalcoatlus Northropi", which he named in honor of John K. Northrop because of its similarity to Northrop's flying wing aircraft design.
While at the University of California, he continued his synecological studies emphasizing the stability analysis of evolving trophic networks. Lawson incorporated biogeographic information in the standard community matrix by producing a symmetrical matrix from the correlation coefficient matrix of the spatial distribution of individual species members. This augmented community matrix provided a probabilistic trophic network.
Lawson also clearly showed that since the coefficients of the characteristic equation represented the principal minor of the network matrix and loop analysis was basically the calculation of all possible principal minors that the extraction of the eigenvectors provided the same stability analysis with little computational effort. These were significant insights since the standard community matrix did capture the detailed community structure needed for studying evolving systems, and since ecosystems that extend over millions of years can involve many tens of species complete loop analysis (based upon Richard Levins' loop analysis method) that at the time required the use of supercomputers. 
Lawson taught paleontology at Louisiana State University.
Working for Philips, Arco, and as a consultant, Lawson mapped out the ancient environments of marine invertebrates. "To me it was mapping out the movement of habitats," says Lawson. "To the oil industry, it was reservoir characterization," a process that helps geologists locate oil and gas.
While continuing his studying of habitat evolution as an oil industry consultant, he invented a patentable method for 3-dimensional mapping habitat facies.
At Southwest Airlines, Dr. Lawson has described his work in terms of customer service. "I'm a living systems engineer. I try to improve the service experience for our customers by using living systems principles. The components that make up our customer service experience, like the actual number of service desks at the airport, or the number of agents ready to take care of our people, or the actual functions they perform and when...all must be as reactive to the world around them as the customer. And people never act the same way in the same setting. Their behavior is influenced by their surroundings. We've tried, through computer simulation, to convert customer insights about our service into living things, so to speak, things that have memories, that we can quantify into costs. Those things, those insights must survive on their own too."

</doc>
<doc id="29823845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823845" title="Lezioni di violoncello con toccata e fuga">
Lezioni di violoncello con toccata e fuga

Lezioni di violoncello con toccata e fuga is a 1976 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823849" title="Le guêpier">
Le guêpier

Le guêpier is a 1976 French-Italian film, directed by Roger Pigaut. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823857" title="Sette note in nero">
Sette note in nero

Sette note in nero is a 1977 giallo film directed by Lucio Fulci and written by Roberto Gianviti and Dardano Sacchetti. "Sette note in nero" stars Jennifer O'Neill, Gianni Garko and Marc Porel. The film has received mixed reviews from critics.
When a woman begins experiencing psychic visions that lead her to discover a murder, her husband is charged with the killing. The psychic must embark on an investigation with a paranormal researcher to clear her husband's name of the crime.
Plot.
In 1959, a woman commits suicide by leaping from a cliff. At the same time, her daughter Virginia sees her mother's death in a vision. Years later, an adult Virginia (Jennifer O'Neill) has married rich businessman Francesco Ducci (Gianni Garko). Ducci leaves on a business trip, and Virginia experiences more visions—she sees an old woman murdered, a wall being torn down and a letter hidden beneath a statue.
Virginia plans to renovate an abandoned mansion her husband has bought, but notices that the building resembles one she has seen in her visions. She tears down a wall in one room, finding a skeleton behind the plaster. Assuming the skeleton is that of the woman in her vision, Virginia contacts the police; however, they do not believe her story and charge Ducci with the killing.
Examination of the body reveals it not to be an old woman, but one in her twenties; killed about five years earlier. The skeleton is finally identified as Ducci's ex-girlfriend, who vanished several years ago. Virginia is determined to exculpate her husband, and contacts her friend Luca Fattori (Marc Porel). Fattori is a researcher of psychic phenomena, and his investigation eventually leads to the wealthy Emilio Rospini (Gabriele Ferzetti), who may be the true culprit.
Production.
Screenwriter Dardano Sacchetti and director Lucio Fulci have collaborated on a number of other films together, including 1979's "Zombi 2", 1980's "Paura nella città dei morti viventi", 1981's "...E tu vivrai nel terrore! L'aldilà" and "Quella villa accanto al cimitero", and 1982's "Lo squartatore di New York" and "Manhattan Baby". Fulci and Roberto Gianviti also collaborated on a number of films together, including "Operazione San Pietro", "Una lucertola con la pelle di donna", "Zanna Bianca", "Il ritorno di Zanna Bianca" and "Una sull'altra". "Sette note in nero" is the fourth giallo film to have been helmed by Fulci, who had previously taken the reins on "Una sull'altra", "Una lucertola con la pelle di donna" and "Non si sevizia un paperino". Fulci's gialli have been cited as being "a far cry from his later excessive gross-out horrors", showing that the director was able to "put his finger on the free sexuality that permeated the culture at the time and the repercussions that came along with it". The film, along with the rest of Fulci's oeuvre, has been described as "progress as if the characters are trapped in some awful, illogical dream, from which there is no escape". The film's title has been noted as one of many giallo titles using either numbers or animal references, having been directly compared to "Sette scialli di seta gialla".
Composer Fabio Frizzi also contributed to "Paura nella città dei morti viventi", "...E tu vivrai nel terrore! L'aldilà", "Manhattan Baby", and Fulci's 1990 film "Un gatto nel cervello". The film's score was performed on a carillon, accompanied by stringed instruments, synthesisers and piano notes. The score has been described as "simple, elegant and gravely beautiful", and has been noted for "steer clear of rampant atonality and shrieking strings", unlike typical giallo film scores. Some of the film's music was later used in the 2003 American film "Kill Bill Volume 1", directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Release.
"Sette note in nero" was released in Italy on August 10, 1977. The film has also been distributed under the titles "Murder to the Tune of Seven Black Notes" and "Psychic". It was released on DVD in English under the title "The Psychic" on December 18, 2007.
Reception.
DVD Talk's Stuart Galbraith gave "Sette note in nero" three-and-a-half stars out of five, calling it "a very effective little thriller, smartly directed and engrossing". Galbraith felt that the film "offers few surprises" but moves with"palpable suspense", and added that the final scenes are "genuinely harrowing". Writing for Allrovi, Sandra Brennan rated the film one star out of five. 
Bloody Disgusting's Chris Eggertsen included the film as number seven in a countdown of the "Top Ten Underrated Horror Gems", citing its "excellent cinematography deft use of color", though criticising its "poor use of dubbing". "Sette note in nero" has been compared to American film "Eyes of Laura Mars", released the following year. Italian film critic Riccardo Strada has described "Sette note in nero" as "effectively sinister and disturbing", finding it full of "healthy unease".

</doc>
<doc id="29823863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823863" title="Suggestionata">
Suggestionata

Suggestionata is a 1978 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823869" title="CIA contro KGB">
CIA contro KGB

CIA contro KGB is a 1978 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823884" title="Mon premier amour">
Mon premier amour

Mon premier amour is a 1978 French film. 

</doc>
<doc id="29823888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823888" title="Chris Relf">
Chris Relf

Christopher L. Relf (born May 26, 1989) is an American football quarterback. He played college football for the Mississippi State University Bulldogs.
High school.
Passed for 1400 yards and 13 touchdowns at Carver High School in Montgomery, Alabama, as a junior.
College career.
Statistics.
Had a breakout performance against Ole Miss in the season finale of the 2009 season. In the 2011 Progressive Gator Bowl against the University of Michigan Wolverines, Relf completed 18 of his 23 passes for 281 yards and 3 touchdowns. He also ran for 49 yards and 1 touchdown and was named the MVP of the game. As a senior he led Mississippi State to the Music City Bowl where they defeated Wake Forest 23-17, marking the first back to back bowl appearances for the Bulldogs since the 1999-2000 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="29823894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823894" title="Porci con la P 38">
Porci con la P 38

Porci con la P 38 is a 1979 Italian "poliziottesco" film directed by Gianfranco Pagani. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823897" title="Gli anni struggenti">
Gli anni struggenti

Anni struggenti is a 1979 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823902" title="Incontro con gli umanoidi">
Incontro con gli umanoidi

Incontro con gli umanoidi is a 1979 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823903" title="113th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment">
113th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment

The 113th Illinois Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service.
The 113th Illinois Infantry was organized at Camp Hancock near Chicago, Illinois and mustered in for three years service on 1 October 1862 under the command of Colonel George B. Hoge.
The regiment was attached to 1st Brigade, District of Memphis, Tennessee, Right Wing, XIII Corps, Department of the Tennessee, November 1862. 1st Brigade, 2nd Division, District of Memphis, XIII Corps, to December 1862. 1st Brigade, 2nd Division, Sherman's Yazoo Expedition to January 1863. 1st Brigade, 2nd Division, XV Corps, Army of the Tennessee, to August 1863. 3rd Brigade, 2nd Division, XVI Corps, to November 1863. Post of Corinth, Mississippi, 2nd Division, XVI Corps, to January 1864. 2nd Brigade, District of Memphis, Tennessee, XVI Corps, to June 1864. 2nd Brigade, Sturgis' Expedition, June 1864. 1st Brigade, Post of Memphis, District of West Tennessee, to February 1865. Unattached, Post of Memphis, District of West Tennessee, to June 1865.
The 113th Illinois Infantry mustered out of service on 20 June 1865.
Casualties.
The regiment lost a total of 303 men during service; 1 officer and 25 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 4 officers and 273 enlisted men died of disease.

</doc>
<doc id="29823925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823925" title="Vatican Conspiracy">
Vatican Conspiracy

Vatican Conspiracy or Morte in Vaticano is a 1982 Italian film directed by Marcello Aliprandi. It stars Terence Stamp, Fabrizio Bentivoglio and Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823929" title="Grog (film)">
Grog (film)

Grog is a 1982 Italian film. For this film the director Francesco Laudadio was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best New Director. 

</doc>
<doc id="29823941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823941" title="Quartetto Basileus">
Quartetto Basileus

Quartetto Basileus is a 1983 Italian film. It stars actor Gabriele Ferzetti.

</doc>
<doc id="29823952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823952" title="Pat Finn (actor)">
Pat Finn (actor)

Pat Finn (born July 31, 1965) is an American film and television actor. 
Early life and career.
Pat Finn, one of six children, was born in Evanston, Illinois and grew up in Wilmette, Illinois. He attended high school at Loyola Academy in Wilmette and graduated from Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1987. After graduation, he moved to Chicago where he worked as a beer salesman until joining The Second City National Touring Company. During this time, he was also performing improvisation with the ImprovOlympic in Chicago. After writing and performing in two Second City resident shows, Pat landed the part of George Wendt's younger brother in "The George Wendt Show". Pat has also had re-occurring roles on "Murphy Brown", "3rd Rock from the Sun" and "Ed". His other television credits include series such as "Friends", "Seinfeld", "The Drew Carey Show", "That '70s Show", "According to Jim", "Less than Perfect", "King of Queens", "Curb Your Enthusiasm" and "Las Vegas". His film roles include "How High", "The Bachelor", "Dude, Where's My Car?", "I Love You, Beth Cooper", "Space Buddies" and "It's Complicated". 
Pat has also had commercial success with campaigns for "Got Milk?", "Sony PlayStation", "DiGiorno Pizza", "Holiday Inn", "H&R Block", "BellSouth", "Toyota" and others.
Pat Finn performs regularly with his improv group "Beer Shark Mice". The cast includes veteran comedians Mike Coleman, Neil Flynn, Pete Hulne, David Koechner and Paul Vaillancourt. Based at the IO West theatre in Los Angeles, many of the troupe's performances are based on suggestions from the attending audience.
He currently lives in Los Angeles with his wife and three children.
Finn is an alumnus of Marquette University and The Second City. He was in the same graduating class with Joel Murray, Chris Farley and Tim Meadows.
He starred on "Marvin Marvin" on Nickelodeon from November 24, 2012- April 27, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="29823970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823970" title="Get Down (Craig Mack song)">
Get Down (Craig Mack song)

"Get Down" was the second single released from Craig Mack's debut album, "Project: Funk da World".
Background.
"Get Down" was released as the follow-up to his platinum-selling single "Flava in Ya Ear", which peaked at 9 on the Billboard Hot 100. While it did not match the success of "Flava in Ya Ear", "Get Down" nevertheless became a top 40 hit on the Hot 100, peaking at No. 38 on the chart. The song was produced by famed hip hop producer Easy Mo Bee with an additional remix that was produced by and featured Q-Tip. "Get Down" was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales of 500,000 copies on April 5, 1995.
The music video was directed by Hype Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="29823971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823971" title="John Howell (American football halfback)">
John Howell (American football halfback)

John Searl Howell (December 4, 1915 – June 28, 1946) was a halfback in the National Football League.
Biography.
Howell was born on December 4, 1915 in Omaha, Nebraska. He was struck and killed by lightning on June 28, 1946 in Scottsbluff, Nebraska.
Career.
Howell was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the ninth round of the 1938 NFL Draft and played that season with the team. He played at the collegiate level at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.

</doc>
<doc id="29823984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823984" title="Zona Industriale">
Zona Industriale

Zona Industriale (in Italian literary "Industrial Zone", referring to the industrial park), is a quarter of Naples, Italy. With Piggioreale, San Lorenzo and Vicaria it forms the Fourth Municipality of the city.
Geography.
Situated in the south-eastern area of the city, close to the coast, Zona Industriale borders with the quarters of Porto, Mercato, San Lorenzo, Vicaria, Poggioreale, Barra and San Giovanni a Teduccio. It covers an area of 2.68 km² and its population is of 6,082. Most of the area is covered by factories. 

</doc>
<doc id="29823990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29823990" title="1913 Dayton St. Mary's Cadets season">
1913 Dayton St. Mary's Cadets season

The 1913 Dayton Gym-Cadets season was their first season in existence, as a player in the unofficial Ohio League. The team would go on to post a 7–0 record.

</doc>
<doc id="29824007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824007" title="Darwin Core Archive">
Darwin Core Archive

Darwin Core Archive (DwC-A) is a Biodiversity informatics data standard that makes use of the Darwin Core terms to produce a single, self-contained dataset for species occurrence or checklist data. Essentially it is a set of text (CSV) files with a simple descriptor (meta.xml) to inform others how your files are organized. The format is defined in the Darwin Core Text Guidelines. It is the preferred format for publishing data to the GBIF network. 
__TOC__
Darwin Core.
The Darwin Core standard has been used to mobilise the vast majority of specimen occurrence and observational records within the GBIF network. The Darwin Core standard was originally conceived to facilitate the discovery, retrieval, and integration of information about modern biological specimens, their spatio-temporal occurrence, and their supporting evidence housed in collections (physical or digital).
The Darwin Core today is broader in scope. It aims to provide a stable, standard reference for sharing information on biological diversity. As a glossary of terms, the Darwin Core provides stable semantic definitions with the goal of being maximally reusable in a variety of contexts. This means that Darwin Core may still be used in the same way it has historically been used, but may also serve as the basis for building more complex exchange formats, while still ensuring interoperability through a common set of terms.
Archive Format.
The central idea of an archive is that its data files are logically arranged in a star-like manner, with one core data file surrounded by any number of ’extensions’. Each extension record (or ‘extension file row’) points to a record in the core file; in this way, many extension records can exist for each single core record.
Details about recommended extensions can be found in their respective subsections and will be extensively documented in the GBIF registry, which will catalogue all available extensions.
Sharing entire datasets instead of using pageable web services like DiGIR and TAPIR allows much simpler and more efficient data transfer. For example, retrieving 260,000 records via TAPIR takes about nine hours, issuing 1,300 http requests to transfer 500 MB of XML-formatted data. The exact same dataset, encoded as DwC-A and zipped, becomes a 3 MB file. Therefore, GBIF highly recommends compressing an archive using ZIP or GZIP when generating a DwC-A. 
An archive requires stable identifiers for core records, but not for extensions. For any kind of shared data it is therefore necessary to have some sort of local record identifiers. It’s good practice to maintain – with the original data – identifiers that are stable over time and are not being reused after the record is deleted. If you can, please provide globally unique identifiers instead of local ones.
Archive Descriptor.
To be completed.
Dataset Metadata.
A Darwin Core Archive should contain a file containing metadata describing the whole dataset. The Ecological Metadata Language (EML) is the most common format for this, but simple Dublin Core files are being used to.

</doc>
<doc id="29824046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824046" title="Ecdysteroid-phosphate phosphatase">
Ecdysteroid-phosphate phosphatase

Ecdysteroid-phosphate Phosphatase is the first structure of a steroid phosphate phosphotase containing alpha beta folds common to members of the two histidine (2H)-Phosphatase superfamily with strong homology to the Suppressor of T-cell receptor signaling-1 (Sts-1 PGM) protein. The putative EPPase PGM active site contains signature residues shared by 2H-phosphatase enzymes, including a conserved histidine (His80) that acts as a nucleophile during catalysis. The physiological substrate ecdysone 22-phosphate was modeled in a hydrophobic cavity close to the phosphate-binding site. EPPase PGM shows limited substrate specificity with an ability to hydrolyze steroid phosphates, the phospho-tyrosine (pTyr) substrate analogue para-nitrophenylphosphate ( pNPP) and pTyr-containing peptides and proteins. It has been shown that new protein tyrosine phosphatase (PTP) activity for EPPase. Also, EPPase and its closest homologues can be grouped into a distinct subfamily in the large 2H-Phosphatase superfamily of proteins.
Image.
Concerning the sequence for EPPase, the following link will display where in the sequence alpha and beta strands can be found. http://www.rcsb.org/pdb/explore/remediatedSequence.do?structureId=3C7T
Studies of EPPase.
In some studies, the genes for EPPase were obtained from a silk moth while a strain of Escherichia coli served as the host for production of this receptor. A plasmid served as the vector for which this gene was implanted into the E.coli strain.
Structure.
The structure of EPPase was obtained by x-ray diffraction and the following link provides another picture of the structure. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Structure/mmdb/mmdbsrv.cgi?uid=70358

</doc>
<doc id="29824063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824063" title="Estanislao Oziewicz">
Estanislao Oziewicz

Estanislao (Stan) Oziewicz (born 1952) is a Canadian writer, blogger and media consultant. From 1976 to 2013, he wrote and edited for "The Globe and Mail" newspaper.
Throughout his long career at the Globe, he was a reporter, legislative correspondent at Queen’s Park and in Quebec City, deputy national editor, deputy foreign editor, FOCUS editor, religious affairs writer, immigration beat reporter, investigative reporter, China correspondent based in Beijing, war correspondent and foreign editor of globeandmail.com.
When he 'retired' from the Globe July, 2013, he was a morning news editor of globeandmail.com.
A Canadian of Polish ancestry, Oziewicz was born in Buenos Aires. The family emigrated to Canada in the 1950s. Oziewicz’s father, Mieczyslaw, was awarded the Commander's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta.
Oziewicz’s work has appeared in the "South China Morning Post", "The Washington Post" and the "International Herald Tribune". He is a fellow at Massey College, University of Toronto.
Oziewicz was contributor to "China Hands", published by McClelland and Stewart. He was a finalist for Jack Webster Awards for best news story of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="29824076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824076" title="South Willow Creek Trail">
South Willow Creek Trail

South Willow Creek Trail is in the southern Gore Range, part of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Eagles Nest Wilderness, Summit County. South Willow Creek Trail is north of Interstate 70, west of Highway 9, in Silverthorne. South Willow Creek Trail connects with the Gore Range Trail near South Willow Falls between Buffalo Mountain and Red Peak.
South Willow Falls may be approached from the north or south on the Gore Range Trail. However, the shortest hike to South Willow Falls begins at the Buffalo Cabin Trailhead in the Wildernest subdivision of Silverthorne. The Buffalo Cabin Trail turns west at a junction with the South Willow Creek Trail and the Mesa Cortina Trail. South Willow Trail continues north along the base of Buffalo Mountain and descends to a bridge crossing South Willow Creek. Meeting the Gore Range Trail, South Willow Falls is west of the crossing. The Gore Range Trail continues up to Red Buffalo Pass, then south to Wheeler Lakes at Copper Mountain. Greatest Hikes in Central Colorado: Summit and Eagle Counties, a hiking guide by Kim Fenske, provides a description of Salmon Willow Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="29824078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824078" title="Frogs Gone Fishin'">
Frogs Gone Fishin'

Frogs Gone Fishin is an American rock band. Andrew Portwood (singer-songwriter/guitarist), Trevor Jones (guitarist/singer-songwriter), Alex Scott (Bass), and Jeff Jani (Drums) make up the four piece rock quartet.
History.
Frogs Gone Fishin' was formed in 2005 in Nashville by guitarists/singer-songwriters Trevor Jones and Andrew Portwood. Hurricane Katrina forced Jones to relocate to Nashville from New Orleans. The band's first line-up consisted of Nashville music students including Wes Baily (keyboards/vocalist) from the band Moon Taxi and various Katrina evacuees including members of New Orleans–based band The Zoo. Frogs Gone Fishin' performed its first show at "3 Crow Bar" in East-Nashville in October 2005 and continued to perform in small clubs and venues in Nashville, until Trevor returned to New Orleans in winter 2006. Original bass guitarist Billy Twibell died in May 2006 in a car accident in Savannah. The group had various members from 2006 to 2007 when Portwood reconnected with Jones, Boston musician Mark Levy (drummer/percussionist), and friend Steve Rogers (bass guitar/vocalist) in August 2007 and signed to Oh/Ya Records.
Formation.
Frogs Gone Fishin' began writing and rehearsing tunes with Mark Levy and Steve Rogers in a Nashville upstairs loft in July/August 2007. The band began writing, recording, and experimenting with sounds and instruments while living together in the loft for over a month and focused on getting enough songs written and rehearsed to record their first album on indie label Oh/Ya Records. Levy returned to Boston and Jones returned to New Orleans until May 2008 when the band members moved to their home state of Colorado.
Tell Me True.
In 2007 Frogs Gone Fishin' recorded their debut album "Tell Me The True" in Colorado and Nashville. The band all lived in a Nashville house while recording the album. "Tell Me True" was released on June 17, 2008 on indie label Oh/Ya Records. The band released the record in Colorado and began to tour the album with some local radio play with the song "Mexico" and "Life in a Magazine".
Colorado.
The band relocated to Colorado in May 2008. The Tell Me True tour of 2008 led the band into the Midwest and southern regions of America and exposed the group to life on the road. The Frogs played over 50 shows in 35 cities that autumn with stops in Chicago, Nashville, Austin, and New Orleans. The members of Frogs Gone Fishin' have their roots in Colorado and all attended grade school together and were in various music groups before they formed the group.The group has performed with other Colorado-based bands like The Samples, Kinetix, Polytoxic, Springdale Quartet and Elephant Revival. In July 2009 the band performed at Ford Amphitheater in Vail for a sold-out crowd. After a busy 2010 touring for Actual Natural the Frogs didn't stop there. Throughout 2011 they have toured restlessly all over the country and in their beloved home state of Colorado becoming regulars at all rocky mountain music clubs and bars and as well being invited to many music festivals at the newly remodeled State Bridge Amphitheater in Bond, CO, the legendary Yarmony Grass, Hott Routt Music Festival in Steamboat and several Vail summer music festivals. The Frogs intense dedication to their musicianship has earned them a legion of die hard fans in their homestate and beyond.
New Orleans.
Frogs Gone Fishin' moved to New Orleans in February 2009 for a three-month stay. The group performed with George Porter Jr. during a Mardi Gras celebration concert in the French Quarter that spring. The band began to expand their music and performances playing over 30 shows in New Orleans in the spring of 2009. The band played two post-Jazz Fest shows at the Balcony Music Club and stamped a place in the New Orleans music scene sitting in with personalities like Johnny Sketch, Dirty Notes, Walter "Wolfman" Washington, Papa Grows Funk, Jonny Vidacovich, Stanton Moore, and other musicians from New Orleans. The Frogs wrapped up their stay in New Orleans with two shows on Oak St. in front of Frenchy's art gallery. On every year, they travel to the Crescent City to write and perform original and traditional music.
Mountain Size Records.
The band signed to Colorado-based label Mountain Size Records in October 2009. The label is run by Brad Smalling (engineer/producer) and Eric McLennan (songwriter/musician). They went into Evergroove Studio in Evergreen, CO in October 2009 to begin work on their second album, "Actual Natural". The Frogs continued to play shows in Colorado during the winter months and wrapped up recording in February 2010. During the mix and production of the album, the band traveled back to New Orleans to perform and write.
Actual Natural.
This album was released on May 8, 2010. The band's single "Actual Natural" was featured on the CD of the "Relix Magazine" on July as a promotion single. During the recording process, Hollywood director and screen-writer Travis Milloy produced and directed two music videos for the band.
Membership Changes.
After the supporting tours for Actual Natural, drummer Dax Hunter was brought on to replace Mark Levy. Dax toured with the band until late 2011, when he was replaced by current drummer Jeff Jani. Steve Rogers (bass) also left the group in mid-2011, and left a rotating bass chair until now full-time bassist Alex Scott joined in December 2011. The band occasionally features "The Horny Toads" horn section.

</doc>
<doc id="29824104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824104" title="Ballinahinch GAA">
Ballinahinch GAA

Ballinahinch GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the parish of Killoscully and Ballinahinch in the north-west of County Tipperary, Ireland. The club plays both Gaelic football and hurling in the North division of Tipperary GAA.
History.
The club was founded in 1886, as two separate clubs, Ballinahinch GAA and Killoscully GAA, although there is sources that say Killoscully GAA was in establishment in 1884, the year of the birth of the GAA.
Gaelic football.
Although from the beginning the Ballinahinch club was primarily involved in football, hurling is the main sport played in the club, given that the North division is dominated by hurling. 
Honours.
The club has also won North and county titles at under 16, minor, under 21 and Junior levels in recent years.
Hurling.
While the founding of the GAA at Ballinahinch is dated 1886, there is evidence that hurling was played and a club existed at Killoscully from 1884.
Tradition.
In 1980 the club won its first County Junior Hurling title. It has also won many North division titles at Junior, U-21 and Minor levels.
Notable players.
Shane McGrath and Mike Ryan (Bawn) are the most notable players from Ballinahinch, both having won All Ireland senior medals with Tipperary on 2010 and 1991. Shane and Mike also both played for Tipp at Intermediate and under 21 level, with Mike winning 2 Intermediate All Irelands in 1989 and 1991. Mike also won an u21 All Ireland and has a very rare Oireachtas medal, which there is very few in the country. Shane won 2 Fitzgibbon cups with LIT, these campaigns leading to Shane's call up to the senior set up. 
Other players from the club which have represented the club at county level are John Ryan (J), Jimmy Ryan, Seán Ryan (N) Philip Kelly, Dermot Gleeson, Ger Griffin, Alan Kelly, John Foley, John Ryan (Bawn) and Davy Gleeson.

</doc>
<doc id="29824112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824112" title="Mercato">
Mercato

Mercato may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29824116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824116" title="Bob Hudson (running back)">
Bob Hudson (running back)

Bob Hudson is a former running back in the National Football League.
Biography.
Hudson was born Robert Dale Hudson on March 21, 1948 in Hominy, Oklahoma.
Career.
Hudson was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the sixth round of the 1972 NFL Draft and played that season with the team. The following two seasons he played with the Oakland Raiders.
He played at the collegiate level at Northeastern State University.

</doc>
<doc id="29824122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824122" title="My Forever">
My Forever

My Forever are an English pop/rock band based in Thirsk, North Yorkshire. The band consists of songwriter Dave Ingham (Vocals, Guitar), Matt Ainsworth (Bass/Vocals), Ben Watson (Drums). In June 2012 the band released a single called 'Til the End which has received international attention.
On 6 September 2012 My Forever announced that they had signed a major management deal with Liverpool based Fierce Management and the band are currently in negotiations with CBS who have approached them about featuring their summer single “‘Til The End” as part of a sound track for their coverage of the American NFL.
My Forever are currently recording new material for release in summer 2014.
Recognition.
My Forever have a number of successes to their name, their debut single "Silken Butterflies" was named BBC Radio 1's Record of the Week in August 2010, their second single "Always a Stranger" was also named "Record of the Week" on UK based station "Amazing Radio". The band have played the Leeds and Reading festival on the BBC Introducing stage and have extensive gigging experience playing at venues and festivals across the country.
Their 2012 summer single 'Til The End has attracted interest from the American NFL with the view to 
using it as part of their soundtrack for their NFL coverage on the American network CBS. 
The music video for ‘Til The End has also been showcased across the UK on the BBC city centre 
big screens meaning their music is reaching an audience of hundreds every day. 
In 2012 they were also named in the final TOP 20 acts for 
MTV's annual Brand New Unsigned competition whittled down from thousands of entrants.
In October 2012 the band released their greatly anticipated brand new 5 track EP with 
the title track "The World Won't Wait" bagging a much coveted slot on the BBC Radio 1 playlist 
as Record of the Week being aired from 17–23 December. The band’s music video for the track 
which was shot at Manchester Airport in the Concorde hangar has received some 
amazing industry feedback with MTV showing interest in broadcasting the video 
worldwide and it has already received national TV coverage on BBC 1's Look North.
Attention from the BBC.
In October 2012 the band released their greatly anticipated brand new 5 track EP with the title track "The World Won't Wait" bagging a much coveted slot on the BBC Radio 1 playlist 
as Record of the Week being aired from 17–23 December.

</doc>
<doc id="29824149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824149" title="Hijran Huseynova">
Hijran Huseynova

Hijran Kamran qizi Huseynova (; born August 13, 1955) is a professor and an Azerbaijani politician serving as the Chairwoman of the State Committee for Family, Women and Children Affairs of Azerbaijan Republic.
Early life.
Huseynova was born on August 13, 1955 in Moscow, Russian Federation. After completing her secondary education in 1972, Huseynova studied at the Department of History of Azerbaijan State University in Baku from 1972 to 1977. In 1977–1988, she worked as the History teacher at secondary school No. 189 in Baku. In 1985, she obtained a PhD in History and in 2001, PhD in Political Science. Since 1988, she has taught at Azerbaijan State University. From 2006 she is the professor and director of Department of Diplomacy and Modern Integration Processes of Azerbaijan State University.
Political career.
On February 2006, Hijran Huseynova was appointed the Chairwoman of newly established State Committee for Family, Women and Children Affairs of Azerbaijan Republic. As the chairwoman, she advocated for more involvement of women in state politics.
Works and awards.
Huseynova has authored 52 scientific articles, 4 monographs, three books ("Integration to Europe and regional security", "South Caucasus within worldwide globalization process", "Integration processes in modern stages") and was awarded with "Azərbaycanın ən gənc müəllimi" (The Youngest Teacher of Azerbaijan) award in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="29824157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824157" title="Powis Square">
Powis Square

Powis Square can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="29824167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824167" title="Steven M. Sheffrin">
Steven M. Sheffrin

Steven M. Sheffrin, is an economist who focuses on property tax limitations in the United States. He is the Director of Tulane University’s Murphy Institute and a Professor of economics.
Education.
Sheffrin received his undergraduate degree from Wesleyan University (College of Social Studies; Magna Cum Laude with additional honors) in 1972 and his PhD in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Career.
Sheffrin began his academic career at University of California, Davis in 1976 in the economics department. He served as the economics chair from 1983–1990 and in 1998 he become dean of the division of social sciences, a post he held until 2008. During his tenure at Davis, Sheffrin founded the Center for State and Local Taxation in 1991 in collaboration with the California Franchise Tax Board and the Board of Equalization, which offered a yearly program in state and local taxation.
While at UC Davis, Sheffrin held several other positions as well. From 1980–81 he served as a Financial Economist for the U.S. Department of Treasury and was on the Board of Directors of the National Tax Association from 1992–95. In addition, in 1993 Sheffrin was appointed to the Fiscal Task Force for the California Business Higher Education Forum where he was responsible for the property taxation component.
Research.
Sheffrin’s research focuses on public finance, taxation and behavioral economics, exploring the practical, policy-oriented questions related to property taxation, state corporate taxation, tax fairness and compliance. "He is the author of ten books and monographs and over one hundred articles in the fields of macroeconomics, public finance, and international economics. His book "Rational Expectations" (2nd edition, Cambridge University Press, 1996) is a highly regarded introduction to this important theory." He has written extensively on California Proposition 13 and was Director of the Proposition 13 Study Project for the Assembly Office of Research for the State of California from 1990–91. Proposition 13 is the controversial property tax law enacted in 1978 that limited property taxes to no more than one percent of the assessed value of a property. As a result of his expertise, Sheffrin is often called upon to discuss the long-term implications of the law and the impact it has had on California’s businesses and residents Sheffrin is also frequently interviewed on other local and national tax issues.

</doc>
<doc id="29824184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824184" title="Balıkesir railway station">
Balıkesir railway station

Balıkesir Railway Station is a railway station in Balıkesir, Turkey. The station is owned by the Turkish State Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="29824192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824192" title="Tim Huffman">
Tim Huffman

Tim Huffman (born August 31, 1959) is a former guard in the National Football League.
Biography.
Huffman was born Timothy Patrick Huffman on August 31, 1959 in Canton, Ohio. He is also a fictional co-host of the "What The Butson" podcast.
Career.
Huffman was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the ninth round of the 1981 NFL Draft and played five seasons with the team. He played at the collegiate level at the University of Notre Dame. His brothers, Dave and Steve, also played for Notre Dame.

</doc>
<doc id="29824193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824193" title="Powis Square, London">
Powis Square, London

Powis Square is a garden square and locality in Notting Hill, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in London, England. The closest London Underground station to the square is Westbourne Park tube station.
The Tabernacle Arts Centre, a local community arts centre with a long association with the Notting Hill Carnival, is located there.
The Chris Field album "Powis Square" is named after the square.
Nicholas Roeg's 1970 film "Performance" starring James Fox and Mick Jagger was filmed in Powis Square. The square is also referenced in the 1985 song E=MC² by Big Audio Dynamite, which was partially inspired by the film.

</doc>
<doc id="29824264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824264" title="Kammer">
Kammer

Kammer (German) translates to chamber. It is used as an affix in words such as Kammersänger and Schatzkammer.
Kammer as a surname may refer to:
Kammer as a placename may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="29824270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824270" title="Miao Rebellion (1795–1806)">
Miao Rebellion (1795–1806)

The Miao Rebellion of 1795–1806 was an anti-Qing uprising in Hunan and Guizhou provinces, during the reign of emperor Jiaqing. It was catalyzed by tensions between local populations and Han Chinese immigrants. Bloodily suppressed, it served as the antecedent to the much larger uprising of Miao Rebellion (1854–73).
The term "Miao" does not mean only the antecedents of today's Miao national minority; it is much more general term, which had been used by the Chinese to describe various aboriginal, mountain tribes of Guizhou and other south-western provinces of China, which shared some cultural traits. They consisted of 40–60% population of the province.
Background and causes.
The Chinese Empire used control rather than forced assimilation towards their non-Chinese inhabitants. In the south-west, since 15th century, in provinces of Yunnan, Guizhou, Guangxi and Sichuan, the most common way of rule was through semi-independent local chieftains, called "tusi", on whom the emperor bestowed titles, demanding only taxes and peace in their territories.
However, Chinese immigration was forcing the original inhabitants out of the best lands; Guizhou's territory, although sparsely populated, consists mainly of high mountains, which offer little arable land. The Chinese state "followed" the immigrants, establishing its structures, first military, then civil, and displacing semi-independent "tusi" with regular administration over time. This practice, called "gaitu guilu", led to conflicts.
The uprising was one of the long series dating back to Ming dynasty's conquest of the area. Whenever tensions reached a critical point, the people rose in revolt. Each rebellion, bloodily put down, left simmering hatred, and problems which were rather suppressed than solved. Basic questions of misrule, official abuse, extortion, over-taxation and land-grab remained. Mass Chinese immigration put a strain on scarce resources, but officials preyed on rather than administer the population. The quality of the officialdom in Guizhou and neighbouring areas remained very low. Great uprisings took place in Ming times, and during Qing dynasty in 1735–36, 1796–1806, and last and the largest in 1854-1873.
The uprising and its aftermath.
Previous rebellion of 1736 had been met with harsh measures, in the effect the second half of 18th century was relatively calm, i.e. the numerous local incidents were not strong enough to challenge governmental authority. However, the officials were unnerved by heterodox sects spreading their teachings among both Han and Miao. In 1795 the tensions reached the point of explosion and the Miaos, led by Shi Liudeng and Shi Sanbao, rose again.
Hunan was the main area of fighting, with some taking place in Guizhou. The Qing dynasty sent banner troops, Green Standard battalions and mobilized local militias and self-defence units. The lands of rebellious Miao were confiscated, to punish them and to increase the power of state; this action, however, provoked further conflicts, because new Chinese landowners ruthlessly exploited their Miao tenants. On the pacified territories forts and military colonies were set up, and Miao and Chinese territories were separated by the wall with watchtowers. Still, it took eleven years to finally quell the rebellion. Relocating Green Standard troops from Hubei to Hunan in 1795, to deal with the Miao, facilitated the White Lotus Rebellion, because of the diminished control in the northern province.
Military action was followed by the policy of forced assimilation: traditional dress and religious rites were forbidden and ethnic segregation policy enforced. There were also attempts at introducing Confucian education. Nevertheless, the deep causes of unrest remained unchanged and the tensions grew again, until they exploded in the largest of Miao uprisings of 1854. However, it should be noted that relatively few of Hunan Miao, "pacified" in 1795-1806, participated in the rebellions of the 1850s.

</doc>
<doc id="29824285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824285" title="Tom Hull (American football)">
Tom Hull (American football)

Tom Hull is a former linebacker in the National Football League.
Biography.
Hull was born Thomas Michael Hull on June 30, 1952 in Cumberland, Maryland.
Career.
Hull was drafted in the twelfth round of the 1974 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers and played that season with the team. The following season he played with the Green Bay Packers.
He played at the collegiate level at Pennsylvania State University.

</doc>
<doc id="29824291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824291" title="Kid Gorgeous">
Kid Gorgeous

Kid Gorgeous is a metalcore band from Buffalo, New York, USA. The group features a conglomerate mix of members from past and future bands Buried Alive (band), Every Time I Die and Anterrabae. Their first album, "Friday Night Knife Fight", was released in May 2001. Their second studio album, "This Feeling Gets Old", came out in June 2003. Both efforts were released on Southern California indie label Uprising Records. The band originally called it quits in 2003 with their last show being with Snapcase and Every Time I Die in November of that year. With a couple one off reunion shows since then, the band has recently resurfaced with news in March 2010 that they were going to record and tour briefly in the summer. The band started recording an EP in December 2010 at GCR Audio in Buffalo, New York with Jay Zubricky and debuted 2 of the songs at their show with Every Time I Die on December 29, 2010. Subsequently, on December 30, 2010, The band released the song "Mermaid With A Switchblade" via their Facebook and Myspace pages. On February 1, 2012, Eulogy Recordings announced that it will be releasing the EP titled "Blue Romance" which includes three new tracks, a re-recorded classic, and a cover on June 5, 2012. It was announced via the band's Twitter and Facebook pages that Every Time I Die frontman Keith Buckley has lent vocals to a cover of Judas Priest's "Living After Midnight" which will be a bonus track on the EP.
Career.
The band was established in 1998 by John McCarthy, Kale McNanney, Donnie Lewinski and Stephen Micciche, taking their name from The Simpsons character "Moe"'s boxing name when he was young. From their inception, they played numerous shows around the Buffalo, New York and Toronto, Ontario area, including both Buffalo bands Buried Alive (band) and Every Time I Die's first shows. Enlisting original drummer Donnie Lewinski, vocalist Ryan Beseker, and rounded out by bassist Justin Cuviello, they were soon picked up by the now defunct Redstar Records out of Hamilton, Ontario. Their 1st ever effort was a track on Redstar Records "The Sound and the Fury" CD compilation in 1999 with such bands as Chokehold and Every Time I Die to name a few. Numerous line-up changes ensued shortly after that, with the addition of vocalist Erik Boccio and former Buried Alive (band) drummer Jesse Muscato. In 2000, the band teamed up with fellow Buffalo band Dead To The World for a split CDEP put out by Redstar that contained 5 songs from each band. That along with increased exposure led to the group getting signed to Uprising Records and producing their 1st full length Friday Night Knife Fight. at Watchmen Recording Studios in Lockport, NY by Doug White. With the release of that record, the band set out on an East Cast tour in the Summer of 2001. Departure of bassist Justin Cuviello brought on fellow friend Mike Leahy to take over bass duties in 2002. With that brought a string of tours and shows with band and fellow label mates 7 Angels 7 Plagues, The Judas Cradle and festivals such as Furnace Fest in Birmingham, AL and Texas Terror Fest. It was right around this time when guitarist Stephen Micciche started touring with Every Time I Die and eventually playing bass with them full-time, thus resulting in him resigning.<br>The band continued on and wrote and recorded their 2nd full length, This Feeling Gets Old, at Atomic Studios in New York and released it in 2003. Following that release, the band toured with the support of Buffalo band Asherah. Shortly after, with numerous member changes and other interests taking its toll, the group disbanded. Vocalist Erik Boccio went on to join the group Anterrabae After a 7 year hiatis, the group has reformed and did a 10 day East Coast tour including shows with To Speak Of Wolves.<br>
On February 1, 2012, Eulogy Recordings announced that they will be releasing the 5 song effort titled "Blue Romance" in the Spring of 2012 with an exact release date on June 5, 2012.<br>
On June 4, 2012 the band made a stream available of their cover of "Living After Midnight" by Judas Priest on their Facebook page. Guest vocals were lent out by Keith Buckley of Every Time I Die and Ryan Caprio who fronted ex punk bands Esperanto and The Budgets.

</doc>
<doc id="29824314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824314" title="Greatest Hits (Good Charlotte album)">
Greatest Hits (Good Charlotte album)

Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation by American pop punk band Good Charlotte. The album was released on November 5, 2010, through the band's former label Sony Music, with no involvement from the band, just compiling all of the band's 16 singles from the band's first 4 albums, from their years signed to Sony Music/Epic Records, before singing with Capitol Records in 2010, to release their latest album "Cardiology".
On January 31, 2011, the album was also released in the US, after being only available in Australia. On February 16, 2011, it was also released in Japan, with 3 bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="29824336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824336" title="Robert Hariman">
Robert Hariman

Robert Hariman is a distinguished philosopher of rhetoric, currently professor and department chair at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL. Hariman has a B.A. degree in Communications from Macalester College, as well as a Ph.D. in Communication Studies from the University of Minnesota. Hariman has written numerous significant publications and bolsters this academic writing as an avid blogger. According to the university website, Hariman’s scholarship focuses on “the role of style in human affairs, particularly with regard to political judgment and the discursive constitution of modern society.” 
Major publications.
Hariman’s major publications include: Political Style: The Artistry of Power (Chicago, 1995); Prudence: Classical Virtue, Postmodern Practice (2003), and No Caption Needed. He is also known for writing book chapters and journal articles in several disciplines. Hariman has edited several other journals and books, and he has been acknowledged and awarded for his teaching. As a part of his recognition, Hariman is also frequently requested as a scholarly speaker. 
Political Style: The Artistry of Power.
One of Robert Hariman’s most notable publications is Political Style: The Artistry of Power. He wrote this book while he was a professor of rhetoric and communication studies and Endowment professor of Humanities at Drake University. In this book, Robert Hariman argues that the way in which a message is conveyed (the style) is just as important as the content of the message itself. Also, he posits that this style of relaying messages influences politics. Through the use of critical essays, this book highlights the idea that, as politics is an art-form, it must therefore have facets of style that are critical to the practice of it. He asks that citizens become better readers and judges of such style as it is deployed in everyday politics and speech-making.
Hariman outlines four dominant political styles, namely, the realist, courtly, republican, and bureaucratic styles. In the book, he defines each one individually through the critical analysis of texts such as Machiavelli’s The Prince, Kapuscinski’s The Emperor, Cicero’s letter to Atticus, and Kafka’s The Castle, respectively. 
Prudence: Classical Virtue, Postmodern Practice.
Prudence: Classical Virtue, Postmodern Practice has two contributions from Hariman; Theory without Modernity and Prudence in the 21st Century. This publication adds to the current revitalized interest in prudence. 
Book and Blog: No Caption Needed.
The blog started in 2008, and is now also a book. In this book, the co-authors outline a study of the “iconic photograph as a dynamic form of public art.” The co-authors critically examine nine photographs as they have been portrayed in several different forms of media. They examine how the replication and reproduction of these icons transform significant political experiences to satire and comic relief. ‘No Caption Needed’ is focused on the discourse of the impact and influence that photojournalism and other visual art forms have on a democratic society. 
Other publications.
- Popular Trials: Rhetoric, Mass Media, and the Law.In this text, Robert Hariman contributed the introduction and the chapter: Performing the Laws: Popular Trials and Social Knowledge. Hariman argues that in addition to popular trials being classified as “a rhetorical form, a social practice and a symptom of historical change,” they should also be acknowledged as a form of public discourse. 
- Post-Realism: The Rhetorical Turn in International Relations has contributions from Hariman in three sections. These are: 
1. Refiguring realism. ‘Realism and rhetoric in international relations’
2. ‘Rereading realist writers. Henry Kissinger: realism's rational actor’ and 
3. ‘Post-realism. Strategic intelligence and discursive realities. 
This publication combines essays that cohesively form a history and challenge scholars’ overriding perception of realism.
- Future Imperfect: Imagining Rhetorical Culture Theory in Culture+Rhetoric edited by Ivo Strecker and Stephen Tyler (Berghahn Books)
- Images of the Fall of the Berlin Wall: When History Becomes Public Art with John Louis Lucaites in the Heinrich Böll Foundation’s digital forum Eingebrannte Bilder: Zum Verhältnis von kollektivem Gedächtnis, Erinnerungskultur und Politik (Burnt Images: The Relationship among Collective Memory, Remembrance Culture, and Politics. 
Other accomplishments.
Hariman “was selected as the 2009 recipient of the National Communication Association’s monograph (best article) award for "Parody and Public Culture." For his blog with John Louis Lucaites, they have won the following awards: Frank Luther Mott-Kappa Tau Alpha Research Award, Diamond Anniversary Book Award, James A. Winans-Herbert A. Wichelns Award and Susanne K. Langer Award for Outstanding Scholarship in the Ecology of Symbolic Form. Hariman also served on a panel at the Confounding Expectations: Photography in Context – Framing the Presidency. A panel held by The Aperture Foundation along with the photography department at Parsons School of Design. 

</doc>
<doc id="29824343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824343" title="McDermott &amp; McGough">
McDermott &amp; McGough

McDermott & McGough consists of visual artists David McDermott and Peter McGough (born 1952 and 1958 in Hollywood, CA and Syracuse, NY respectively). McDermott & McGough are contemporary artists known for their work in painting, photography, sculpture and film. They currently split their time between Dublin and New York City.
Work.
David McDermott and Peter McGough are best known for using alternative historical processes in their photography, particularly the 19th century techniques of cyanotype, gum bichromate, platinum and palladium. Among the subjects they approach are popular art and culture, religion, medicine, advertising, fashion and sexual behavior.
Early life.
David McDermott was born in 1952 in Hollywood, California. He studied at Syracuse University from 1970 to 1974. Peter McGough was born in 1958 in Syracuse, and studied at the same university in 1976. Their paths did not cross until they both moved to New York City some years later.
From 1980 through 1995, McDermott & McGough dressed, lived, and worked as artists and "men about town", circa 1900-1928: they wore top hats and detachable collars, and converted a townhouse on Avenue C in New York City's East Village, which was lit only by candlelight, to its authentic mid-19th century ideal. "We were experimenting in time," says McDermott, "trying to build an environment and a fantasy we could live and work in." 
McDermott & McGough emerged from the East Village art scene of the 1980s, along with such contemporaries as Keith Haring, Jean-Michel Basquiat, Peter Halley, and Jeff Koons. Very much in part thanks to the support of artist Julian Schnabel, McDermott & McGough were then accepted by established art galleries and dealers.
For a time, McDermott worked for the writer/artist Michael McKenzie as an MC on a bus that went to his performance club EXILE, singing songs and telling jokes in the manner of vaudeville.
Filmography.
Filmed with a silent crank moving camera in and about Dublin, including the gardens of The Irish Museum of Modern Art.
This film showed at the 1991 Whitney Biennial.
Set in a 1930s Manhattan skyscraper, the story revolves around two young men who meet while filming a screen test. The main character becomes enamored by the other actor and in his hopeless desire and longing for him, puts his feelings on paper.
Set during the Great Depression in a Manhattan skyscraper, a young woman is surprised by her lover when he tells her of his intention to end their relationship so that he can marry another. In the heat of an argument, she knocks him unconscious, extorts money from him, and in her anger and desperation, forces a tragic outcome. The cast includes Agyness Deyn and Linus Roache.
Notable exhibitions.
McDermott & McGough's work has appeared in solo and group exhibitions at such institutions as Cheim & Read, Galerie Jérôme de Noirmont, Pat Hearn Gallery, Massimo Audiello Gallery, Galleria Gian Enzo Sperone, Galerie Bruno Bischofberger, Frankfurter Kunstverein, Whitney Museum of American Art, New Museum of Contemporary Art, Centre Pompidou and the Irish Museum of Modern Art. Previous exhibitions also include the Whitney Biennial, New York, in 1987, 1991 and 1995. In 1997, McDermott & McGough mounted a mid-career retrospective at the Provincial Museum voor Moderne Kunst, Oostende, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="29824344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824344" title="Namibia–United Kingdom relations">
Namibia–United Kingdom relations

Namibia–United Kingdom relations refers to the bilateral relationship between Namibia and the United Kingdom. Relations are considered good and the British Council operates in Namibia. In 2013 Steve Katjiuanjo became Namibia's High Commissioner in London. The mission is accredited to Cyprus, Greece, Ireland and Malta as well as multilateral organizations based in London. Since 2011, Marianne Young has been the High Commissioner of the United Kingdom to Namibia.
Economy.
The Rio Tinto Group, a mining company based in the United Kingdom and Australia owns 69% of the Rössing Uranium Mine in Namibia. In 2008, the United Kingdom imported more than $700 million worth of goods from Namibia, making it the second largest importer of Namibian goods after neighboring South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="29824397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824397" title="A Language Older Than Words">
A Language Older Than Words

A Language Older Than Words is a non-fiction book by Derrick Jensen, first published in 2000. The author uses his own personal experience of abuse as a springboard for looking at civilization as a culture of abuse, exploring the connections between various atrocities. Jensen also urges his readers to reconnect with the land.

</doc>
<doc id="29824412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824412" title="Dale McCormick">
Dale McCormick

Dale McCormick (born January 17, 1947) is an American politician from the state of Maine who currently serves on the city council of Augusta. McCormick was the first openly gay member of the Maine State Legislature, having been elected in 1990 to the first of three terms in the Maine Senate. A Democrat, she represented a largely rural district that included her then-residence in Hallowell. After narrowly losing a congressional bid, she served as state treasurer and as director of the Maine State Housing Authority.
Early life and education.
Born in New York City in 1947, McCormick moved to Sigourney, Iowa in 1955 after her parents got divorced. She graduated from Sigourney High School in 1965 before attending the University of Iowa where she graduated in 1970 with a BA and a teaching certificate. After graduation, she stayed in Iowa City, Iowa and apprenticed as a carpenter, becoming the first journeywoman carpenter in the nation in 1975. In 1977, she wrote and illustrated "Against the Grain: A Carpentry Manual for Women" and set up her own construction and cabinetry company.
McCormick moved to Maine in the early 1980s, where she founded a job training program for women in trade and technical occupations. She actively involved herself in political issues and was elected one of Maine's delegates to the 1984 Democratic National Convention in San Francisco as well as the 1988 convention in Atlanta.
Political career.
In 1990, McCormick ran against and defeated incumbent state senator Norman Weymouth, a Republican from West Gardiner. She took office in December 1990 as the representative of the 18th senate district, which consisted of parts of Kennebec County as well as the town of Richmond in Sagadahoc County. She was re-elected in 1992 and 1994.
In 1996, she did not seek re-election to the state senate but instead ran for the U.S. House of Representatives in the 1st district. She lost the Democratic primary to Tom Allen, winning 10,071 votes to his 13,632. Allen went on to win the general election handily and served six terms in Congress.
McCormick was elected state treasurer by the legislature on December 4, 1996, becoming Maine's first female constitutional officer. She was re-elected in 1998, 2000 and 2002. Term limits prevented her from seeking a fifth term in 2004. Gov. John Baldacci subsequently appointed her director of the Maine State Housing Authority.
In 2011, McCormick and her Agency were criticized by MSHA board members appointed by Republican Governor Paul LePage, and ex-officio board member State Treasurer Bruce Poliquin, also a Republican. They accused the MSHA of improper spending of money they felt was inconsistent with the agency's mission, such as donating money to a theater group for ex-convicts, money for massage services for MSHA employees, and money given to groups viewed as left-leaning. McCormick felt the accusations were politically motivated and hurt the ability of the agency to do its job. The Maine Legislature then asked the Office of Program Evaluation and Government Accountability (OPEGA) to conduct an expedited review of MSHA's finances. Before the review was completed, McCormick resigned her position, feeling that the continued criticism was a distraction to the agency's work. She also may have been influenced to resign due to the progress of a proposed bill in the Legislature which would have granted the MSHA Board the ability to hire and fire the agency's director at will, including McCormick. The OPEGA review later found that there was no fraud committed by the agency, though it did question some unnecessary expenditures.
McCormick took out papers in 2013 to seek an at-large seat on the Augusta City Council, which she won in the November 5th election.

</doc>
<doc id="29824420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824420" title="A.N.T. Farm">
A.N.T. Farm

A.N.T. Farm is an American sitcom which originally aired on Disney Channel from May 6, 2011 to March 21, 2014. It first aired on May 6, 2011, as a special preview and continued as a regular series on June 17, 2011. The pilot episode, "transplANTed" aired after the series finale of "The Suite Life on Deck". The series was created by Dan Signer, a former writer and co-executive producer of "The Suite Life on Deck" and creator of the YTV series "Mr. Young". In mid-November 2010, Disney Channel greenlighted the series, with production beginning in early 2011. The first promo was released during the premiere of "Lemonade Mouth".
Taking place in San Francisco, the series stars China Anne McClain, Sierra McCormick, and Jake Short as middle-schoolers in a gifted program at their local high school called the "Advanced Natural Talent" or "A.N.T." program.
On November 30, 2011, "A.N.T. Farm" was officially picked up for a second season, which premiered on June 1, 2012 with two back-to-back episodes.
On October 2, 2012, "A.N.T. Farm" was officially renewed by Disney Channel for a third and final season, which premiered on May 31, 2013, with a one-hour special. It was also announced that Carlon Jeffery would not return for the third season and Aedin Mincks would join the main cast. The series finale aired on March 21, 2014.
Plot.
"A.N.T. Farm" revolves around Chyna Parks (China Anne McClain), an 11-year-old musical prodigy, who has just become the newest A.N.T. (Advanced Natural Talents) in the A.N.T. program at Webster High School in San Francisco, California. On her first day, she meets Olive Doyle (Sierra McCormick), an odd girl who has a photographic memory, and Fletcher Quimby (Jake Short), an artistic genius (but otherwise quite dim) who falls deeply in love with her when they first meet. They soon become her best friends at the high school. They proceed to go on multiple adventures, using their talents to their advantage. Before Chyna meets Olive and Fletcher, she meets Gibson (Zach Steel), the counselor, tutor, and therapist of the A.N.T. Farm, who is a strange, goofy guy who isn't the brightest person.
The school's "it" girl, Lexi Reed (Stefanie Scott), is one of the teenagers who thinks the ants are little kids at Webster. She proceeds to bully Chyna, thinking of her as competition in being the star of the school. Chyna's bumbling older brother, Cameron (Carlon Jeffery), attempts to avoid Chyna in high school as much as he can, afraid she will be an embarrassment to him. Lexi's best friend Paisley, (Allie DeBerry) and Chyna, Olive, and Fletcher's friend Angus (Aedin Mincks) share major recurring roles on the series.
Season 3 takes place at a boarding school instead of at Webster High School held by a big technology company, Z Tech, ran by Zoltan Grundy (Dominic Burgess). The series ended with Fletcher (Jake Short) winning an art fellowship in New York City.
Production.
Development.
Disney Channel announced on November 11, 2010 that they had greenlighted the show for production, which began in early 2011. The show was first conceived when Dan Signer, creator of the show, saw China Anne McClain. "The girl had so much confidence. She can nail a joke. She can sing. She can play instruments. It's like China was some sort of child prodigy [...] And that's when it hit me: Why not build a show around a child prodigy? Someone who's got all of this natural talent & ability, but is still challenged when she's sent off to high school at the age of 11?" Signer said in an interview. After the first few episodes of the show were shown, Disney Channel bumped up their order of episodes for the show from 13 episodes to 26 episodes for the first season. On November 19, 2011, the series was renewed for a second season, which would start filming in early December.
Casting.
Sierra McCormick was cast after an audition where she continually talked about tigers. Dan Signer stated "And as I heard her continually talking about tigers, I thought 'That's just how Olive would sound,' because Olive is a fast talking, intelligent student whose talent is memory. Which is how Sierra got that part." Jake Short was the last of the three core characters to be cast.
Caroline Sunshine was originally cast as Lexi and Stefanie Scott as the role of Tinka Hessenheffer in "Shake It Up!", but Dan Signer decided that Sunshine would be better as Tinka and Scott as Lexi, so the two switched roles. Sunshine, however, would later guest star in the episode "some enchANTed evening".
Reception.
Ratings.
The sneak preview of the series garnered 4.4 million viewers on its premiere night, ranked as TV's No. 1 Telecast in Total Day among Tweens 9-14 (441,000/1.8 rating) and was also TV's No. 1 Telecast among Kids 6-11 (544,000/2.2 rating). Its lead-in, the series finale of "The Suite Life on Deck", received 4.6 million.
The episode "The PhANTom Locker", is currently the most watched episode of the series, scoring 4.6 million viewers., But on Friday, August 5, 2011 a random episode scored 4.9 right after the Phineas and Ferb Across the 2nd dimension. It did better than its lead-in "Wizards of Waverly Place", which earned 4.1 million viewers.
In Australia the episode "transplANTed" delivered 80,000 viewers. In the United Kingdom the same episode had 321,000 viewers and the episode "participANTs" garnered 240,000 viewers.
Broadcast.
In Canada, the show had a preview on May 23, 2011, with the premiere on June 24, 2011. In New Zealand, it premiered on August 15, 2011, and in Australia on the same day, as well on Seven Network on May 19, 2012. It previewed on September 16, 2011, and premiered on October 7, 2011, in the UK and Ireland. In Singapore it was released on October 7, 2011, and in South Africa on December 10, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="29824451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824451" title="Clifford Day Mallory Cup">
Clifford Day Mallory Cup

The Clifford Day Mallory Cup, or Mallory Cup for short, is the competition for the United States Adult Sailing Championship. In a sport with hundreds of different classes of boats and a national champion for each, the point of the Mallory Cup is to determine an overall champion for the sport of sailing. Run by the U.S. Sailing Association (as opposed to any given class), eliminations are held throughout the country, and the finals are raced in a different type of boat each year to eliminate any advantage a sailor from any particular class might otherwise have. Competitors sail boats that are provided by the host club, and teams are required to race each boat at the event once so that nobody will have an advantage in terms of equipment.
As with national championships in other sports, the top three finishers receive gold, silver and bronze medals, respectively. The winner likewise holds the Clifford Day Mallory Cup itself until the following year's champion is crowned. A piece of history in and of itself, the Mallory Cup was originally gifted by the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire to the family of Lord Nelson in appreciation of his command over the English fleet that defeated Napoleon in the Battle of the Nile.
Champions.
Prior Mallory Cup champions include Cornelius Shields, Buddy Melges, Frederick Hood, George O'Day, John Kolius, David Ullman, Paul Foerster, Jeff Madrigali and Scott Young, who with six wins (four as skipper, two as crew) is the winningest competitor in the history of the event. A complete list of Mallory Cup champions follows:
2013 Ventura Yacht Club: David Klatt, Lane Desborough, Garrett Baum, David Paudler
2012 Not Sailed
2011 Babylon Yacht Club David M. Hyer, David A. Hyer, Gregory Schneller
2010 Vineyard Haven Yacht Club Paul Wilson, John Plominski, William Stevens
2009 Bay Waveland YC Andrew Eagan, Marcus Eagan, Katherine Santa Cruz
2008 Austin YC- Scott Young, John Morran, Doug Kern, Mike Haggerty
2007 San Diego, YC - Brian Camet, Alex Camet, Daniel Camet
2006 Austin YC - Scott Young, John Morran, Douglas Kern
2005 Bay Waveland YC - Zak Fanberg, Sara Fanberg, Marcus Eagan
2004 Bay Waveland YC - Zak Fanberg, Dave Blouin, Kippy Chamberlain
2003 Bay Waveland YC - Zak Fanberg, Eugene Shmitt & Kippy Chamberlain
2002 Boston YC - Charles Quigley, David Bryan, Leo Fallon, Bill Hooper
2001 Not Sailed - Cup: Brock Schmidt, David Bolyard, Tom Baker
2000 Gulfport YC - Robert Schmidt, David Bolyard, Hew Hamilton
1999 Gulf YA - Benz Faget, Michael Mark, David Zahn, David Bolyard
1998 Seattle, WA - Dalton Bergan, Kevin Guitron, Mike Visser
1997 Royal Victorian YC - Michael Turner, Olaf Thyvold, Brian Lister
1996 Royal Victorian YC - Michael Turner, Jeff Eckard, Olaf Thyvold
1995 Niantic Bay YC, CT - Bill Healy, Tim Healy, Adam Walsh
1994 New Orleans YC - Benz Faget, Tom Baker, David Bolyard
1993 Eastern YC - John Slattery, Brad White, Bob Slattery
1992 San Francisco YC - Jeff Madrigali, Gary Grande, Jeff Wayne
1991 Lake Hopatcong YC - Alex Smigelski, Brent Barbehenn, Lloyd Kitchin
1990 YRU of Southern California - Scott Deardorff, Matt Wilson, Kirk Arndt
1989 Texas YA - Paul Foerster, Mark Rylander, John Bartlett
1988 Gulf YA - Dennis Stieffel, Bubby Eagan, Peter Merrifield
1987 Texas YA - Scott Young, Mike Haggerty, Doug Kern, John Moran
1986 Pacific International YA - Jack Christiansen, Charlie McKee, Cheryl Lanzinger
1985 Texas YA - Scott Young, Jody Smith, Doug Kern
1984 Gulf YA - Marc Eagan, Corky Hadden, Beau Le Blanc
1983 YRA of Long Island Sound - Peter Coleman, Paul Coleman, Barry Purcell
1982 Southern California YA - Mark Golison, Bruce Golison, Jay Golison
1981 Texas YA - Mark Foster, Chuck Wilk, Scott Young
1980 Southern California YA - Dave Ullman, Bill Herrschaft, Paul Murphy
1979 Texas YA - Glenn Darden, Kelly Gough, Scott Young
1978 Texas YA - Glenn Darden, Kelly Gough, Jay Raymond
1977 Texas YA - Marvin Bleckman, Curt Oetking, Tommy Simms
1976 Southern California YA - David Crockett, Sid Exley, Kurt Nicolai
1975 YRA of Long Island Sound - Christopher W. Pollak, Lisa Hamm, William Ehrhorn
1974 YRA of San Francisco Bay - Vann Wilson, Nate Russel, Frank Thompson
1973 Florida SA - Dr. John W. Jennings, James L. Pardee, Barbara Pardee
1972 Florida SA - Edwin H. Sherman, Jr., Harvey A. Ford, Hubert Rutland, III
1971 Texas YA - John Kolius, Bill Hunt, Scott Self
1970 Florida SA - Dr. John W. Jennings, James L. Pardee, Barbara Pardee
1969 YRA of Long Island Sound - Graham M. Hall, John Luard, Jack G. McAllister
1968 Southern Massachusetts YRA - James A. Hunt, Bourne Knowles, Joshua Hunt
1967 Barnegat Bay YRA - Clifford W. Campbell, Howard Wright, Ann Campbell
1966 YRA of Long Island Sound - William S. Cox, Thomas Hume, Robert Barton
1965 YRA of Long Island Sound - Cornelius Shields, Jr., Dr. George Brazil, Jr., Craig Walters
1964 Gulf YA - G. Shelby Freidrichs, Jr., Tommy Dreyfuss, Ray Troendle, Sr.
1963 YRA of San Francisco Bay - James DeWitt, Jocelyn Mash, Jacob VanHeeckeren
1962 Inland Lake YA - James S. Payton, Peter Barrett, Chuck Miller
1961 Inland Lake YA - Harry C. Melges, Jr., Dr. A.R. Wenzel, John B. Shethar, Jr.
1960 Inland Lake YA - Harry C. Melges, Jr., Gloria Melges, John B. Shethar, Jr., Edward Smith
1959 Inland Lake YA - Harry C. Melges, Jr., John B. Shethar, Jr., Edward Smith
1958 Texas YA - Robert Mosbacher, George C. Francisco, III, C.B. Masterson
1957 YRU of Massachusetts Bay - George D. O'Day, David J. Smith, Charles A. Forsberg
1956 YRU of Massachusetts Bay - Fred E. Hood, Bradley P. Noyes, Charles Pingree
1955 Pacific International YA - William Buchan, Jr., William Buchan, Sr., Ron McFarlane
1954 Gulf YA - Eugene H. Walet, III, Allen McClure, Jr., Gilbert Friedreichs, Jr.
1953 Gulf YA - Eugene H. Walet, III, John Ryan, Ralph Christman, Eugene H. Walet, II
1952 YRA of Long Island Sound - Cornelius Shields, Cornelius Shields, Jr., William Leboutillier

</doc>
<doc id="29824462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824462" title="Breaking In (TV series)">
Breaking In (TV series)

Breaking In (stylized as Breaking_In) is an American sitcom television series, which ran on Fox from April 6, 2011 to April 3, 2012. The series debuted as a midseason replacement following "American Idol".
Initially, Fox cancelled the series in May 2011, however three months later "TV Guide" announced that "Breaking In" had been renewed for a second season.
Premise.
An eclectic team of geniuses and "legitimate" thieves who work at a high tech security firm are assigned to break into various high tech security systems by their owners in an attempt to find any flaws in said systems.
Development and production.
In October 2009, Fox announced that it had given a script commitment to creator and writer Adam F. Goldberg for a new comedy. A pilot commitment followed in January 2010, and casting announcements began the following February. Bret Harrison was the first to be cast, with the series tentatively titled "Titan Team". In March, Alphonso McAuley joined the pilot, now titled "Security". Odette Annable was the third to join a few weeks later, and the cast was then completed with the additions of Christian Slater and Trevor Moore.
In June 2010, Fox ordered two more scripts for the series, under the new title "Breaking In", with the series officially picked up in November with a 7-episode order. Michael Rosenbaum made a cameo appearance in the pilot episode, but producers were "so pleased with the performance" that he was later added to the main cast. Filming for the six remaining episodes began in Los Angeles in February 2011.
On May 10, 2011, Fox cancelled "Breaking In" along with four other series that had been "on the bubble". However, two days later, Deadline.com reported that the network was in potential talks with Sony Pictures Television to have "Breaking In" return for a second season, however the series was not included on Fox's 2011-12 schedule. The following month, Fox picked up the options on the cast until November 15, making another season possible.
In August 2011, news broke that "Breaking In" had been renewed for a second season to air as a midseason replacement in 2012. About the renewal, Fox's entertainment president, Kevin Reilly, said in a statement: "We are looking forward to bringing it back for a second season and continuing our relationship with this incredibly talented cast and these fantastic creators -- Adam Goldberg and Seth Gordon. We can't wait to see where they take these characters next year." Afterward, it was confirmed that only Slater, Harrison and McCauley would return as regulars for the new season; Annable and Rosenbaum would only return for guest appearances. In addition, Megan Mullally and Erin Richards were to join the cast.
Home Media.
On November 6, 2012, Amazon.com released both seasons on DVD. The 2-disc set is on DVD-R discs, burned on request. It contains no features. The show is also availabile to stream on Amazon.com and iTunes Store.

</doc>
<doc id="29824483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824483" title="George Jupp">
George Jupp

George Harman Jupp (26 February 1845 - 24 February 1930) was an English cricketer. Jupp was a right-handed batsman who bowled roundarm slow, although with which hand he bowled with is unknown. He was born at Brentford, Middlesex.
Jupp made his first-class debut for Middlesex in 1864 against Surrey at the Cattle Market Ground in Islington. From 1867 to 1868, he represented Middlesex in 7 first-class matches, the last of which came against Surrey. Jupp also played a single first-class match for the Gentlemen of the South against the Players of the South in 1867. In his 8 first-class matches, he scored 181 runs at a batting average of 12.92, with a high score of 49. With the ball he took 2 wickets at a bowling average of 24.50, with best figures of 2/49.
Jupp died at West Ealing, Middlesex on 24 February 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="29824499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824499" title="The Culture of Make Believe">
The Culture of Make Believe

The Culture of Make Believe is a non-fiction book by Derrick Jensen, first published in 2002. In the book the author explores the origins of human destructiveness, primarily through the lens of racism, using historical, psychological, sociological, anthropological, and personal anecdotes as tools for understanding.

</doc>
<doc id="29824513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824513" title="Muriel Wood">
Muriel Wood

Muriel Wood is a Canadian artist.
Biography.
After graduating from the Canterbury College of Art, she began illustrating children's books. She taught illustration at the Ontario College of Art for ten years. Among the books she has illustrated are "The Olden Days Coat" by Margaret Laurence, "Anne of Green Gables" by L.M. Montgomery, "Old Bird" by Irene Morck, "Lizzie's Storm" by Sally Fitz-Gibbon, "Scared Sarah" by Mary Alice Downie, and "Aram's Choice" and "Call Me Aram" by Marsha Forchuk Skrypuch. Her illustrations have also appeared on Canadian postage stamps. She lives with her husband, graphic artist David Chestnutt, in Toronto, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="29824517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824517" title="Clint Stitser">
Clint Stitser

Clint Stitser (born May 19, 1985) is an American football placekicker who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New York Jets as a street free agent in 2010. He played college football at Fresno State.
Stitser has also been a member of the Seattle Seahawks, Cincinnati Bengals, and Washington Redskins.
College career.
Stitser played college football for the Fresno State Bulldogs from 2003–2007. He made 71% of his field goals in his college career.
Professional career.
New York Jets.
Stitser went undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft. He was signed by the New York Jets on April 6, 2010, but was waived on June 1.
Seattle Seahawks.
He signed with the Seattle Seahawks on August 17 and played in one preseason game for the Seahawks. He made a 35-yard field goal in the game, and converted all three extra point attempts. He was waived on August 31.
Cincinnati Bengals.
On November 30, he was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals, replacing ineffective starter Aaron Pettrey.
Washington Redskins.
Stitser signed with the Washington Redskins on August 17, 2011, but was waived on August 30.

</doc>
<doc id="29824541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824541" title="Superior Bottom, West Virginia">
Superior Bottom, West Virginia

Superior Bottom is an unincorporated community in Logan County, West Virginia, United States. Superior Bottom is located along West Virginia Route 44 and Island Creek, south of Logan.

</doc>
<doc id="29824543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824543" title="List of veterinary associations">
List of veterinary associations


</doc>
<doc id="29824547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824547" title="Pittsburgh mayoral election, 1957">
Pittsburgh mayoral election, 1957

The Mayoral election of 1957 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was held on Tuesday, November 5, 1957. The incumbent mayor, David Lawrence of the Democratic Party won an unprecedented fourth term. Lawrence defeated former Court of Common Pleas Judge John Drew. For the third straight election, the powerful mayor gained quiet support from the Republican business community for his urban renewal projects, which compromised the GOP candidate's position. 

</doc>
<doc id="29824550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824550" title="Mario-Ernesto Rodríguez">
Mario-Ernesto Rodríguez

Mario-Ernesto Rodríguez Berutti (born 4 September 1976 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan-born former Italian footballer.
Aged 19, Rodríguez moved from C.A. Progreso in his native Uruguay to Germany, to join Regionalliga Nord side Kickers Emden. He spent a year in the Dutch Eredivisie with FC Groningen, making 28 appearances, and later played one game for the Stuttgarter Kickers in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga. He spent the rest of his footballing career in the lower German Oberliga and retired from the sport in 2008.
Rodríguez now lives with his family on Majorca where he is a hotelier.

</doc>
<doc id="29824555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824555" title="Douglas Riding">
Douglas Riding

Air Marshal Douglas John Stuart Riding (b. 6 May 1943) is a retired senior Royal Australian Air Force commander and a former Vice Chief of the Defence Force.
Riding was born in the Sydney suburb of Burwood, New South Wales, on 6 May 1943. Following a secondary education at Manly Boys High School, he joined the Royal Australian Air Force in June 1962 as an aircrew cadet, and graduated as a pilot the following year. He was posted for operational service during the Vietnam War for a tour from April–December 1969 with the United States Air Force's 19th Tactical Air Support Squadron. As a result of his "gallant services in Vietnam", Riding was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Riding was Officer Commanding RAAF Base East Sale from 1987 to 1990. During the 1990s, Riding held senior positions in the RAAF (Dir-Gen. Programs & Resource Management, Dept. of Def. 1990–93; Dir-Gen. Def. Force Plans & Programs (Def.) 1994–95; Asst Chief of Air Staff (Materiel) 1995–97); and in July 1998 he was appointed Vice Chief of the Defence Force. He retired from the RAAF in the summer of 2000 as the end of his term as Vice Chief. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="29824586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824586" title="HMS Amethyst (1903)">
HMS Amethyst (1903)

HMS "Amethyst" was a third-class protected cruiser of the "Topaze" class of the Royal Navy. She was launched in 1904, served during World War I at the Dardanelles and Gallipoli, in the Mediterranean and the South Atlantic. She was sold for scrap in 1920.
Construction.
She was laid down in January 1903 at Armstrong, Elswick, was launched on 5 November 1903 and was completed in March 1905.
Until "Amethyst" was built, the largest warships fitted with steam turbines were destroyers. Their use in "Amethyst" reduced overall range at 10 knots by , but increased it by 1000 nautical miles at 20 knots, compared to her sister ships.
World War I.
Battle of Heligoland Bight.
Once World War I broke out in 1914, HMS "Amethyst" was assigned to the Harwich force of the Royal Navy. She participated in the Battle of Heligoland Blight under the command of Commodore Reginald Tyrwhitt. Later that year she was transferred to the 1st Light Cruiser Squadron of the Royal Navy.
Dardanelles Campaign.
Minesweeping Operations.
"Amethyst" took part in the covering operation for the minesweeping effort in the Dardanelles, and during the action on 1 March and 4 March 1915 she exchanged fire with Turkish forts. On the evening of 4 March she took onboard injured personnel of the landing party and discharged them the next day into "Soudan" and "Braemar Castle". During the hours of darkness between 6 and 11 March she took part in operations in the Dardanelles against mines, and was regularly in action against field artillery, forts and searchlights. On 14 March at 04:10 she was hit by field artillery and lost 22 men killed. A further 38 men were wounded, of whom 4 later died. "Amethyst" retired to Tenedos for repairs. The Captain, Commander G. J. Todd, and Lieutenant James C. J. Soutter, Senior Lieutenant, were commended in the Naval Dispatch, dated 17 March 1914 from Vice Admiral Carden.
Gallipoli Landings.
On 24 April 1915 "Amethyst" and her sister-ship embarked soldiers and landed them by trawler at Y beach on the northwest shore of the Gallipoli Peninsula in the early morning of 25 April. She supported the British troops ashore with gunfire until 27 April by bombarding enemy positions. By mid-morning on 27 April, with the situation on the beach described as "desperate", surviving troops were beginning to come back on board - "Amethyst" took on board over 250 officers and men, many of them wounded.
Over the following days, "Amethyst" continued to provide support to the operations on W, Y and Z beaches. On 3 May she lay off Z beach and reported heavy gunfire on shore and large calibre enemy shells landing in the proximity of the British ships. On the night of 5 May, troops were taken from Z beach for redeployment to X and Y beaches.
"Amethyst"s last part in the landings occurred on 18 May when she proceeded up the Gulf of Adramyt in the early hours, accompanied by destroyers, arriving at Asia Bay just after 05:00. She sent an armed party away in boats to investigate the possibility of removing enemy lighters, but they returned 20 minutes later reporting that a sandbar prevented them from being moved. Two enemy oil tanks were demolished by gunfire, and at 06:45 an enemy field gun battery opened fire. "Amethyst" replied, silencing the guns, but was hit with the loss of 1 rating killed and 4 wounded.
Mediterranean.
After conducting patrols from Brindisi during June and July 1915, "Amethyst" went into dry dock for a refit from 28 July until 17 August. She returned to Brindisi on 15 September and was present there on 27 September when the Italian battleship "Benedetto Brin" exploded at the buoys in the outer harbour. "Amethyst"s boats assisted in rescuing the survivors.
For much of the autumn of 1915, "Amethyst" stayed in port and acted a temporary depot ship for British submarines passing through on patrol. On 19 November, "Amethyst" headed towards Malta and thence to Gibraltar, arriving on 27 November. On 1 December she set out for Portsmouth, and then on 11 December for Barrow-in-Furness where she moored up in Devonshire Dock. She remained there until 14 March 1916 when she headed south to Plymouth, then Bilbao and arriving in Gibraltar on 23 March.
South America.
In 1916 Commander Edward Unwin took command. He had earned a Victoria Cross in the Gallipoli campaign. "Amethyst" was assigned to South America, and left Gibraltar on 8 May 1916.
On 23 November 1916, Commander, the Earl of Glasgow took over command whilst the ship was stationed at Viçosa Reef, off the coast of Brazil.
In December 1916 "Amethyst", supported by two armed merchant cruisers, , , and two colliers and , was ordered to search for the German Raider SMS "Möwe". On 9 January "Möwe" sank the collier "Minieh", and when she failed to rendezvous with the rest of the squadron, a search was begun. The squadron returned to the Port of Bahia without success. A further attempt to find "Möwe" was made on 24 January when "Amethyst" was joined by "Glasgow", but this was also unsuccessful. Patrols to search for German surface raiders were also conducted in April and May 1917.
After a long stay in Rio de Janeiro, "Amethyst" sailed on 5 April 1918, patrolling down the coast inspecting vessels and arriving in Montevideo on 10 March. On 31 May 1918 "Amethyst" left Bahia, Brazil to return to Devonport. On the way home, she met HMS "Britannia" off the coast of Sierra Leone and 295 cases of gold bullion (worth an estimated £1 million) were loaded onboard. She arrived in Devonport on 25 June. On 1 July 1918 "Amethyst" left Devonport for Barrow-in-Furness where she went into dry dock for the remainder of the war.
Post World War I.
"Amethyst" was recommissioned on 20 November 1918 and on the way to Gibraltar she stopped at Lisbon for the funeral of the late President of Portugal, Sidónio Pais on 21 December.
Fate.
She paid off for the last time on 10 February 1919 at Malta and was sold for scrap on 1 October 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="29824594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824594" title="David Chung (footballer)">
David Chung (footballer)

David Chung OBE (born Chung Kim Hiong in Malaysia on July 13, 1962) is a Malaysian-Papua New Guinean sports official, and the current President of the Oceania Football Confederation.
He moved from Malaysia to Papua New Guinea in 1985, and became a naturalised citizen of his adoptive country. Though "initially involved" in rugby league, he subsequently became an association football player, coach and referee, and then a senior official. While "administering football" in the New Guinea Highlands, he "helped secure outside funding as well as contribute personal finance towards youth development programmes". He became president of the Papua New Guinea Football Association in 2004, and then the senior vice-president of the Oceania Football Confederation -under OFC president Reynald Temarii of Tahiti- in 2007. When Temarii was suspended on allegations of corruption in 2010, Chung was elevated to the position of acting president, with New Zealand's Fred de Jong as his senior vice-president. In January 2011, he was elected to the presidency of the OFC unopposed, for a four-year term.
The OFC credits him with launching Papua New Guinea's "first ever semi-professional football competition in 2006", the Papua New Guinea National Soccer League, as well as with boosting grassroots football, supporting women's football and overseeing "a series of infrastructure projects including a national football academy in Lae and regional technical centre in Kimbe with plans in place to build an additional regional technical centre in Port Moresby beginning 2011".
He was named as a recipient of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honours list in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="29824598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824598" title="Colonial Heights, Lawrence, Massachusetts">
Colonial Heights, Lawrence, Massachusetts

Colonial Heights is a neighborhood located in the South-East corner of Lawrence, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="29824603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824603" title="Orchard Supply Hardware">
Orchard Supply Hardware

Orchard Supply Hardware (OSH) is an American retailer of home improvement and gardening products. Headquartered in San Jose, California, Orchard Supply Hardware has dozens of locations throughout California, with expansions into Oregon.
The company, which started as a non-profit cooperative in 1931 and later as a for-profit corporation, was acquired by Sears in 1996. After a brief period as a public company in 2012–13, the company filed for a chapter 11 reorganization. , the bulk of OSH's assets and locations have been sold to the home improvement store chain, Lowe's, and are expected to be operated as a subsidiary.
History.
Origins.
Orchard Supply was formed in 1931 as the Orchard Supply Farmers Co-op by 30 farmers, consisting mostly of orchardists and fruit tree ranchers who banded together to form a cooperative to buy essential farm supplies. Each farmer put up $30 and in the midst of the Great Depression a new company was formed. Stanley B. Smith served as the company's first general manager and president.
Operations started in a rented warehouse at 230 Bassett St. in San Jose, CA. In spite of the Great Depression, the cooperative was successful. In 1933 the co-op moved to a larger location at 44 Vine St. in San Jose. The new location featured a large retail display area, off-street parking, and an adjoining warehouse.
In 1946 the company moved to a site at 720 West San Carlos St. in San Jose, a location still in operation. By then, there were almost 2000 members. In 1962, Albert B. Smith (Stanley's son) became president, expanding the business into a chain of stores which at were considered large at the time.
By 1950 the electronics industry began booming in the Santa Clara Valley, and with it came an abundance of new home owners in the San Francisco Bay Area. The orchards gradually became residential neighborhoods and the "Orchard Supply Farmers Co-op" became "Orchard Supply Hardware" retail stores.
In 1977, the company purchased a 19-acre warehouse and office complex from Sunsweet Growers to serve as a distribution center. In the 1980s, Loren S. Smith (another son of Stanley) became President and continued the expansion. In 1992 the distribution center was moved to Tracy, CA.
Mergers and acquisitions.
OSH was purchased by Sears in 1996, and in 2005 sold a 19.9% interest to Ares Management of Los Angeles for US$58.7 million, announcing expansion plans at the time. Ares had the option to later purchase another 30.2% stake in the company for US$126.8 million, but did not exercise this right. OSH had eighty-four stores at the time.
At roughly the same time, Sears Holdings announced that its Sears, Roebuck & Co. subsidiary expected to receive a dividend from OSH of about US$450 million. In connection with the initial investment, OSH was expected to issue US$405 million in debt. This debt was later cited as one of the primary reasons for its 2013 Chapter 11 filing.
Later several of the Southern California locations of the bankrupt Builders Emporium chain of hardware stores were purchased in preparation of expansion into that region. OSH was spun out of Sears Holdings in 2012 and became a public company. In January 2012 shares began trading on the Nasdaq stock market ().
Expansion.
In April 2013, OSH expanded beyond California, opening stores in the suburban Portland metropolitan area of Oregon.
Reorganization.
On 17 June 2013, Orchard Supply and Hardware announced it filed for Chapter 11 under the U.S. bankruptcy code and that most of its assets would be sold to the Lowe's Home Improvement chain for $205M in cash. Lowe's will acquire no less than sixty of the (at the time) ninety-one Orchard Supply stores, operating them separately from Lowe's. At the close of the process, Orchard Supply expects to remain a separate brand and operating entity from the Lowe's chain.
In August 2013, preparations were made to close seventeen of the ninety-nine stores. Two of the stores were closed in June as a part of normal operations. This left seventy of the pre-Chapter 11 announcement stores still in operation. According to a company spokesperson, workers at the stores that closed were not eligible for severance pay due to the bankruptcy proceeding, but Orchard Supply is "providing incentive bonuses to key employees."
Calendars.
Originally conceived as a marketing program, OSH calendars were created and given out to customers at Christmas time. One aspect that initially made these calendars unique was that all original paintings were commissioned as artwork for each month. The theme of these calendars has primarily been trains and railroad history, with only a few diversions, including the 1981 calendar which celebrated the Santa Clara Valley.
From 1975 until 1992, railroad artist and Michael Kotowski created each painting with the exception of the 1977 and 1979 calendars. The 1977 edition was a selection of “Still Live” paintings by the Santa Cruz Art League and the 1979 edition was a series of Southwestern style paintings by Northern California artist Anthony Quartuccio, Sr. The 1982 calendar had a flight and aviation theme called “Up, Up and Away” for which Kotowski created the original artwork even though it was not train related. Kotowski did the layout design and production on the entire series under his tenure as artist.
Most recently, OSH's calendars featured the works of railroad artist John Winfield.

</doc>
<doc id="29824617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824617" title="Perfect World (Marcella Detroit song)">
Perfect World (Marcella Detroit song)

"Perfect World" is a song by US singer Marcella Detroit, released in March 1995 under London Records as the fourth and final single from her album "Jewel". The song reached a meager #134 on the UK Singles Chart, and was Detroit's final release with the label.

</doc>
<doc id="29824631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824631" title="Buffalo Mountain Trail">
Buffalo Mountain Trail

Buffalo Mountain Trail is in the southern Gore Range, part of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Eagles Nest Wilderness, Summit County. Buffalo Mountain Trail is north of Interstate 70, west of Highway 9, in Silverthorne. Buffalo Mountain Trail ascends the east ridge of Buffalo Mountain from a trailhead in Wildernest subdivision, west of Silverthorne and Dillon Reservoir.
Buffalo Mountain, 12,777 feet in elevation, is one of the most visible promontories of Summit County, being situated immediately north of Frisco at the gap that marks the southern end of the Gore Range. Looking like a fattened herbivore curled on its side beneath a covering of winter snows, Buffalo Mountain overlooks Silverthorne, Dillon, Keystone, and Frisco. Buffalo Mountain Trail ascends through a lodgepole pine forest, past exposed rock formations, into a steep boulder field of krummholz. The trail continues along the east-facing ridge to a nearly flat tundra near the summit. Buffalo Mountain offers views of the Ten Mile Range to the south, Grays Peak, 14,270 feet, and Torreys Peak, 14,267 feet, to the southeast, and the Ptarmigan Wilderness. Greatest Hikes in Central Colorado: Summit and Eagle Counties, a hiking guide by Kim Fenske, provides a description of Buffalo Mountain Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="29824656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824656" title="George Vassila">
George Vassila

George Charles Vassila (21 August 1857 - 27 November 1915) was an English cricketer. Vassila was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast. He was born at Kew, Surrey.
Vassila played a single first-class match for Middlesex in 1880 against Gloucestershire at the Clifton College Close Ground in Clifton, Bristol.
The season following his only first-class appearance, he stood as an umpire in a first-class match between Cambridge University and the Marylebone Cricket Club. In 1889 he stood in his second and final first-class match between Cambridge University and Yorkshire.
Vassila died at Epsom, Surrey on 27 November 1915. His death was registered as George Charles Vassilas.

</doc>
<doc id="29824663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824663" title="Wendell Willkie (relief)">
Wendell Willkie (relief)

Wendell Willkie plaque is a public sculpture at the Indiana Statehouse in Indianapolis, Indiana and was designed by American sculptor and educator Paul Fjelde. This bronze plaque honors Wendell L. Willkie (1892–1944) who was the Republican Party nominee for the U.S. presidency in 1940. The plaque was placed in the Statehouse rotunda on February 18th, 1950. The inscription on the bottom of the plaque was taken from Willkie's book "One World" which calls for unified world order.
Description.
At the top of the plaque is Willkie's name and the dates of his birth and death, February 18, 1892 - October 8, 1944. A silhouetted image of Willkie is facing proper left and is located in the center of the plaque. In this image Willkie is clean shaven and wearing a suit and tie. Inscriptions beneath the image describe Willkie as a "Distinguished citizen of our state and our country", a lawyer and an industrialist, the author of "One World," and the nominee of the Republican party for President of the United States in 1940. Under the description in an eagle and beneath it is an inscription from Willkie's book "One World" that reads:
The plaque measures 50.75 inches × 33.25 inches × 1 inch. The artist's signature is located on the front, proper right, bottom of the plaque. It reads, "Paul Fjelde•sc." On May 15, 2006 the Indiana State Museum listed this plaque as in excellent condition.
Historical information.
The "Wendell Willkie plaque" was placed in the Indiana Statehouse rotunda on February 18, 1950, which was the 58th anniversary of Willkie's birth. Approximately 500 people were in attendance at the Indiana Statehouse to witness the dedication of the bronze plaque and to salute Willkie. Members of Willkie's family were also in attendance, including his widow, son, and brother; Mrs. Edith Willkie, Philip Willkie, and H. Frederick Willkie. The plaque was placed on the main floor of the Indiana Statehouse rotunda in the southwest pier facing a bronze plaque bearing "The American's Creed." Indiana Governor Henry F. Schricker accepted the plaque on behalf of the people of Indiana. Indianapolis youth, Jack Scott, had the honor of pulling the veil from the plaque.
During the dedication ceremony a Statehouse employee, William Holmes, fell from a ladder and broke his arm while checking the veil hung over the plaque.
Willkie was born and raised in Elwood, IN, where both of his parents were lawyers. He attended Elwood High School and later graduated from Indiana University. While at the university he became a member the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
The idea for the plaque was conceived by Mrs. Ed Toner of Anderson, IN. Her son, William Toner, was a close friend of Willkie and the publisher of the Anderson Herald. Mrs. Toner wished for the plaque to be from the common man of Madison County, whom Willkie loved. But they were not able to operate a fund-raising campaign on their own, so the assistance of the Junior Chamber of Commerce in Elwood, Anderson, and Alexandria was accepted in order to raise the $2,500 needed for the memorial. Donations were collected both large and small, some in the form of pennies and nickels. School children contributed approximately ten percent of the funds raised.
The creator of this Wendell Willkie plaque was Paul Fjelde (August 12, 1892 – May 3, 1984) of New York City, born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Fjelde is also the creator of another Wendell Willkie plaque located in New York City. To create the plaque, Fjelde first carved Willkie's likeness into clay using a picture as a reference. From this clay carving the bronze plaque was cast using the lost-wax casting technique.
Artist.
"Main article": Paul Fjelde

</doc>
<doc id="29824678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824678" title="Billy Caulfield">
Billy Caulfield

William "Billy" Caulfield (20 March 1892 – January quarter 1972) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward. Born in the town of Haydock, Lancashire, he began his career in local football with Ormskirk. He later played for Southport Central before moving into the Football League with Blackburn Rovers in February 1915. However, due to the outbreak of the First World War and the subsequent suspension of competitive football in England, he failed to make an appearance for the club.
In 1919, Caulfield returned to Southport (the club had dropped "Central" from its name), who by then were playing in the Central League. After one season with Southport, he moved to fellow Central League outfit Crewe Alexandra in the summer of 1920, initially as an amateur player. Crewe were founding members of the Football League Third Division North at the start of the 1921–22 campaign, and Caulfield signed a professional contract with the club in the summer of 1921. Over the next two seasons, he went on to make 59 League appearances for Crewe, scoring 23 goals during this time.
In July 1923 Caulfield joined Nelson, who had just been promoted to the Football League Second Division for the first time in their history. During pre-season training he suffered a groin injury that forced him to miss the first three months of the campaign. When Caulfield eventually made his debut for Nelson on 3 November 1923, he scored two goals in a 3–0 win over Coventry City at Seedhill. During the remainder of the 1923–24 season, he played 18 League matches and scored a total of five goals. In September 1924, Caulfield was released by Nelson and returned to Crewe Alexandra. In a solitary season with the side, he made 29 appearances but did not score any goals. In the summer of 1925, Caulfield joined Chester, his final club.

</doc>
<doc id="29824729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824729" title="Nathalie (singer)">
Nathalie (singer)

Nathalie Beatrice Giannitrapani (born 16 December 1979), simply known as Nathalie, is an Italian singer-songwriter and actress. She rose to fame after winning the fourth series of the Italian version of "The X Factor" in 2010. Her winning single, "In punta di piedi", was released immediately after the final of the show, and debuted atop the FIMI Top Digital Downloads chart.
In 2011, Nathalie competed in the Big Artists section of the 61st Sanremo Music Festival, placing 7th in a field of 14 with the song "Vivo sospesa", which was released as the lead single from her debut album with the same title. Her second studio set, "Anima di vento", was released on 17 September 2013.
Biography.
Early life.
Giannitrapani was born in Rome to a Sicilian father of Tunisian origin and a Belgian mother. She began studying music at the age of 13 and writing her first songs at the age of 15, with lyrics in Italian, English and French (also speaking Spanish). Giannitrapani songs are composed in accompaniment of a guitar and piano.
In 1998, Giannitrapani was ranked third in the Spazio Aperto music competition. After winning the 2000 under-21 category in the Festival Fuoritempo, Giannitrapani returned in 2002 and received the best song award. In the same year Giannitrapani formed her first band, made up of artists; Marco Parente, La Crus and Max Gazzè. From 2003 to 2004, Giannitrapani joined the band "Damage Done", a nu metal band, with the single "Thorns" and an album of the same name. In October 2005 Giannitrapani participated in Biella Festival, placing second, in the following year she won the Premio SIAE per Demo. In 2006, the winner of the sixth edition of MArteLive. Giannitrapani has also worked in the staging of the musicals "Les Misérables" and "The Neverending Story".
2010: "X Factor" and "In punta di piedi".
In 2010, Giannitrapani auditioned for the fourth series of the Italian" X Factor", she passed to the live shows, and placed in the 25+ category, mentored by Elio.
Reaching the final on 23 November 2010, Giannitrapani was proclaimed the winner of the show after a final public vote, securing a contract with record company Sony Music worth €300,000, thus becoming the first female winner in the series. Giannitrapani's debut single "In punta di piedi" was released as a digital download, on 24 November, and on CD on 30 November.
At a press conference presenting the fourth series of "X Factor", Rai 2 director Massimo Liofredi announced that the winner of the competition "might" advance to represent Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, rather than participate in the Sanremo Music Festival, like in previous years. On 2 December 2010, it was confirmed that Italy would return to the Eurovision Song Contest having last participated in 1997, but it was later announced that the Italian representative would be chosen through an internal selection among contestants of the Sanremo Music Festival 2011.
2011-2012: Sanremo Music Festival and "Vivo sospesa".
In 2011, Giannitrapani compted in the "Big Artists" section of the 61st Sanremo Festival with her entry "Vivo sospesa". The song finished 7th in a field of 14 and was released as the lead single from Nathalie's debut studio album, titled "Vivo sospesa" and issued by Sony Music in February 2011.
In 2011, Nathalie also dubbed Gloria in the Italian version of "Happy Feet 2". In 2012, Giannitrapani appeared as an actress during an episode of the fifth season of Italian comedy television series "I Cesaroni".
2013: "Anima di vento".
In August 2013, Nathalie released the single "Sogno d'estate", featuring Italian singer Raf. The single preceded her second studio album, "Anima di vento", released on 17 September 2013 and also featuring duets with Franco Battiato and Toni Childs.

</doc>
<doc id="29824747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824747" title="Barker Black">
Barker Black

Barker Black is a British luxury footwear brand specializing in bench-made shoes for men. The Barker Black line is a subset of the English Shoe company Barker, which was founded in 1880 by Arthur Barker. Launched in 2005 by creative director, Derrick Miller, the Barker Black brand quickly gained the attention of the fashion media, appearing in the premiere issue of "Men's Vogue" in September 2005. Subsequent coverage in men's fashion magazines such as "Details", "Esquire", and "GQ" followed. In 2007, Barker Black was chosen by GQ magazine as one of the best new designers in America.
The shoes are made in the classic English "Good Year Welted" construction and have a modern design feel while still classic. Many design elements of the shoes are updated takes on classic techniques, toe punching in the shape of the skull and crossbones logo and hand applied tacks to the waist of the shoe give them their unique character. The collection also includes men's accessories with a similar modern attitude.
Barker Black shoes are sold in its own boutiques in New York City and Los Angeles, as well in luxury department stores such as Bergdorf Goodman and Neiman Marcus. Its Elizabeth Street boutique in New York is listed on GQ's 100, the magazine's list of the best stores for men in America.

</doc>
<doc id="29824754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824754" title="The Family of Philip V (1743)">
The Family of Philip V (1743)

The Family of Felipe V is an oil on canvas painting by the French artist Louis Michel van Loo, completed in 1743. It features life-sized depictions of Philip V of Spain and his family. The painting depicts the royals in a fictional room and is in the style of French baroque and rococo art. The painting is one of a trio of paintings which bear the same name and are dated 1723 by Jean Ranc, a smaller 1738 version and the 1743 rendition.
The artist.
Loo was a French artist who was born in Toulon in 1701. He trained under his father Jean Baptiste van Loo who, under the patronage of the Prince of Carignan, worked in Rome and Turin. Loo became court painter in 1737 having replaced Jean Ranc. Loo came to the Spanish court of the House of Bourbon in 1737 where he worked till 1752. He was the premier painter to Philip V's son Fernando VI but left Spain in 1757 returning to France. Van Loo, according to critics, was also influenced by Dutch art. Loo's younger brother Charles Amédée Philippe van Loo also had a successful career and went on to paint Empress Elizabeth of Russia.
The painting.
The painting is today held at the Museo del Prado in Madrid. It is an expression of the strength the House of Bourbon bought to the throne with Philip V's succession in 1700. The king, the central male, sits next to his second wife, Elisabeth Farnese. Farnese's arm next to the crown is a symbolic representation of the power she had. Philip V and Maria Luisa's youngest son, Ferdinand, Prince of Asturias, heir to the throne at the time the painting was completed, is to the left of his father. The Princess of Asturias, Barbara of Portugal, sits next to Philip V's eldest daughter Maria Anna Victoria of Spain; she had married Barbara's brother as part of a double marriage between Portugal and Spain in 1729. 
The central group includes the children of Philip V and Farnese. Between the king and queen is their youngest son the Cardinal Infante Louis who was later the Count of Chinchón. To the right of the queen is Infante Philip, later Duke of Parma, who stands above his wife Louise Élisabeth of France, "Madame Infante", daughter of Louis XV. The two females standing above "Madame Infante" are the younger daughter of Philip V and Farnese, the Infanta's Maria Teresa Rafaela and her junior Maria Antonia Ferdnanda. Maria Teresa Rafaela would marry "Madame Infante's" brother Louis, Dauphin of France in 1745 and Maria Antonia Fernanda married the future King of Sardinia in 1750. On the far right is Maria Amalia of Saxony sitting next to her husband Charles, then king of Naples and Sicily and later king of Spain. The couple were in Naples at the time but returned to Spain at the death of Ferdinand VI in 1759. 
The wealth of materials depicted in the painting such as jewels, fabrics and the use of bright colours was previously unseen in paintings in Spain which had been traditionally dark and sombre, and was a reference to the Flemish school. Partially hidden by the extensive theatrical red curtain that falls from the roof there is a balcony where a band plays a concert. The real characters are in a large room opening onto a garden.

</doc>
<doc id="29824772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824772" title="Combined Agents of America">
Combined Agents of America

Combined Agents of America, LLC (CAA) is based in Austin,TX, and consists of 52 independent insurance agencies located throughout Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas.
CAA currently ranks as one of the top 20 privately held property and casualty agencies in the US, and 14th in the nation among personal lines agencies according to the Insurance Journal. Founded in 1997, CAA is a growing managing general agency (MGA) targeting the insurance industry in the southwest and central region of the country. In 2012, CAA generated over $566.7 million in combined property and casualty annual premiums, and works with 18 of some of the largest insurance companies in the US. All CAA member agencies retain their independence. CAA member agencies make up one-third of the “best practice agencies” selected in Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="29824773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824773" title="Vince Cheung and Ben Montanio">
Vince Cheung and Ben Montanio

Vince Cheung and Ben Montanio are an American television writing and producing team.
Career.
Cheung and Montiano first worked together at ITC Productions, where Cheung was a development executive and Montanio worked in production. After doing script rewrites for number of series, the pair began writing as a team in the late 1980s.
They have written and produced for "Growing Pains", "Night Court", "Empty Nest", "In the House", "The Wayans Bros.", "The Steve Harvey Show", "Between Brothers", "Married... with Children", "Greetings from Tucson", "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide", ', "Class of 3000", "Just Jordan" and "Wizards of Waverly Place". They also co-wrote the made-for-TV film ' starring Brenda Song.
In 2009, They won a Primetime Emmy for their work on "Wizards of Waverly Place".
Cheung is of Chinese descent and Montanio is of Mexican descent. Because of their different ethnic backgrounds, the name of their production company is Rice and Beans Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="29824777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824777" title="Jesse Yarnell">
Jesse Yarnell

Thomas Jesse Yarnell, known as Jesse Yarnell, (1837–1906) was a California newspaperman who established the Los Angeles, California, "Weekly Mirror", which took over the "Los Angeles Times" in 1881 and later merged with it.
Yarnell was born in Gratiot, Ohio, on June 20, 1837, and learned the printing trade in Zanesville in that state. He came to California in 1862 and established the "Daily News" in Placerville. He and Susan Caystile were married there.
Four years later he moved to Los Angeles, where he founded the "Weekly Republican" newspaper, which he later sold to a brother-in-law and which later merged with the "Evening Express." He next founded the "Weekly Mirror."
Yarnell was a candidate on the Prohibition party ticket for an at-large Congressional seat in the 1882 election, but lost. In 1902, he was nominated by the Prohibitionists for a seat in the California State Assembly but campaigned unsuccessfully as an independent.
He died on January 19, 1906. He was survived by his widow, Susan Caystile Yarnell; a son, Ellis, and three daughters, Jessie, Catherine and Esther Yarnell. He also had a brother, George. Yarnell left an estate of about $50,000, the largest item being a 204-acre ranch in Buena Park, California, valued at $30,000.

</doc>
<doc id="29824829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824829" title="DJ Yonny">
DJ Yonny

DJ Yonny (born Jonathan Ávila; May 17, 1983) is an American DJ, producer and remixer on New York City's radio station WBMP and on Philadelphia's radio station WRDW. He is also a member of The Heavy Hitters DJs.
Early life.
Jonathan Ávila was born in Queens, New York but raised in Wilmington, Delaware to a Puerto Rican father and an Colombian mother. He later moved to New York City, New York and graduated from the Institute of Audio Research in March 2005.
Career.
Radio.
Yonny's big break on the radio came when he became the associate producer for WWPR's morning show called "The Star & Buc Wild Show". He also spinned on his own mixshow on WWPR called "The List" on Saturdays. Yonny later became a production engineer for Univision Radio. In February 2008, “The Star and Buc Wild Morning Show" moved to Pulse 87, where Yonny became the executive producer. After the show ended, Yonny moved on to his own mixshows on Pulse 87 called “Friday Night Fix" and on A-List Radio called "Mixmaster Hour +1".
He spinned for a hip hop show on Eminem's radio station, Shade 45 on Sirius Satellite Radio. In 2009, DJ Yonny joined NYC's WNOW (92.3 AMP Radio) as a part of the "Weekend Roll Out", "Friday Night Mixtape" and "Saturday Night Dance Factory" mixers. Yonny moved on to his own mixshow as well called “Free Lunch Mix Fix".
In 2011, DJ Yonny joined Philadelphia's WRDW and was given his own shows called "10 O'clock Party Rock Mix" and "The Friday Night Party Rock".
On April 13, 2012, Yonny guest deejayed DJ Felli Fel's "Jump Off Mix" for Los Angeles' radio station KPWR.
In 2013, he spinned for radio stations, KFRH, KREV and KRCK.
Production.
He has produced "You Ain't Got It (Funk That)" along with two other songs from Nina Sky's EP, "The Other Side".
Television.
In November 2011, he auditioned as one of the eleven contestants for the second season of BET's DJ reality show, "Master of the Mix". Despite making it to the finals with DJ P and DJ M-Squared, he lost and became a runner-up with DJ M-Squared.
Discography.
Production.
2010.
Nina Sky - The Other Side

</doc>
<doc id="29824843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824843" title="A. Cole">
A. Cole

A. Cole (full name and dates of birth and death unknown) was an English cricketer. Coles batting and bowling styles are unknown. Indeed, almost next to nothing is known about Cole.
Cole made his first-class debut for Middlesex in 1879 against Yorkshire at Lord's. He played one further game for Middlesex in that season against Oxford University and days later he appeared for a United London Eleven in a single first-class match against a United North of England Eleven. In his 3 first-class matches, he scored 45 runs at a batting average of 7.50, with a high score of 21. With the ball he took 3 wickets at a bowling average of 17.00, with best figures of 3/29.
It is known that Cole was a professional on the Marylebone Cricket Club staff, as well as playing a single match for Essex in 1880 against the Marylebone Cricket Club. At this time Essex did not have first-class status.

</doc>
<doc id="29824844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824844" title="Eastern Collegiate Racquetball Conference">
Eastern Collegiate Racquetball Conference

The Eastern Collegiate Racquetball Conference, also known as the ECRC, is a college sports organization dedicated to hosting and managing collegiate racquetball tournaments in Northeastern United States.

</doc>
<doc id="29824888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824888" title="Collaborative European Research Conference">
Collaborative European Research Conference

The Collaborative European Research Conference (CERC) is an annual event that invites postgraduate students to submit papers and participate in a peer-reviewed event. Authors who have their submissions accepted are invited to attend the event and present their paper. Accepted papers are published by the CERC in both digital and printed format.
The current CERC is co-chaired by Dr Bernhard Humm, Darmstadt University of Applied Sciences, Dr Paul Walsh, Cork Institute of Technology, Dr. Ingo Stengel, Plymouth University and Dr. Patrick Bours, University College Gjovig.
History.
The first ever Collaborative European Research Conference was the product of a long standing research cooperation between the Institute of Technology Cork, Ireland, and the University of Applied Sciences Darmstadt, Germany. Its inaugural year was 2010.
Hosts.
Hosting of the CERC is rotated amongst academic institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="29824893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824893" title="E. O. Paton Electric Welding Institute">
E. O. Paton Electric Welding Institute

E. O. Paton Electric Welding Institute () is a welding research institution situated in Kiev, Ukraine. It is named after its founder, Professor Evgeny Paton.
The institute was established in 1934 following the decree of Ukainian Academy of Sciences. The institute was formed from the Laboratories of the Sate Electric Welding Committee and Electric Welding department of Kiev Polytechnic Institute in 1934. Until 1991 it was known as Ukrainian SSR Academy of Sciences Electric Welding Institute. The first leader of the institute was Evgeny Paton. Currently the institute is directed by Evgeny Paton's son, Boris Paton.
Currently the institute research staff includes 70 Doctor of Science, 250 Kandidats of Science. The institute is the main Ukrainian research facility dealing with electric welding and electrical discharge machining.

</doc>
<doc id="29824906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824906" title="American Public Works Association">
American Public Works Association

The American Public Works Association (APWA) is a not-for-profit, professional association of public works agencies, private companies, and individuals dedicated to promoting professional excellence and public awareness through education, advocacy and the exchange of knowledge. APWA is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, and has an office in Washington, D.C.
Chartered in 1937, APWA is the largest organization of its kind in the world, supporting 64 chapters throughout North America.
Publications.
The APWA Reporter unites the public works professionals who make up APWA.

</doc>
<doc id="29824926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824926" title="Marcus Foligno">
Marcus Foligno

Marcus Foligno (born August 10, 1991) is a Canadian-American professional ice hockey player, who plays for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected 104th overall by the Buffalo Sabres in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Personal.
Foligno was born in Buffalo, New York, the son of former NHL player and Sabre Mike Foligno and Janis Foligno. Janis died in 2009 from cancer. Although Marcus was born in the United States, both of his parents are Canadian, making him a dual citizen. Marcus is the younger brother of current Columbus Blue Jacket Nick Foligno. He also has 2 sisters named Lisa and Cara. Cara works in Buffalo, and Lisa works in Peterborough, Ontario. Marcus grew up in the mining community of Sudbury and played for the Sudbury Wolves during his junior career.
Playing career.
Foligno agreed to terms on an entry-level professional contract with the Buffalo Sabres on May 25, 2011. He began play with the Rochester Americans in the 2011–12 AHL season.
Foligno was called up to the Buffalo Sabres on December 19, 2011. He made his NHL debut on December 20, playing against the Senators, and his brother. Foligno's second career start came March 10, 2012 again pitted against his brother and the Ottawa Senators. He netted his first career goal at 14:06 in the third period, which tied the game; Buffalo eventually won the game in a shootout.
Like his brother, Foligno used their father's "Foligno Leap" as his first career goal celebration. However on Marcus' first goal, he was unsure that he actually scored. As a result, Marcus used the "Leap" on his next goal in Buffalo on March 14, 2012. 
Foligno wore 82 during his first season with the Sabres, but switched to 17 (the same number as his father) during the 2012 development camp. 
Foligno was reassigned to the Americans immediately before the 2012 NHL lockout.

</doc>
<doc id="29824938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824938" title="SAT calculator program">
SAT calculator program

An SAT calculator program is a software application that resides on a calculator and that can be used to help answer SAT questions. The programs themselves are different from SAT preparation books and classes in that they are actually used during the SAT test, and contain programs to answer questions with common SAT math formulas or simply answer common SAT questions.
History.
The was Greg Myers of Princeton, NJ. Myers saw the opportunity to create SAT calculator programs while noticing that many SAT review books simply give the reader many formulas to memorize.
Current state of SAT programs.
While the programs began as a way to simply hard code formulas into the calculator, they quickly evolved into more than that. Today, SAT calculator programs can be used not only to solve many SAT problems which require common formulas, but also to solve problems such as simultaneous equations, or to check the answers of a variable simplification problem. In fact, the actual programs created by Myers can be found online, but there are also some similar programs which claim similar functionality. One such example is a computer program titled "SAT_OS", which stands for SAT Operating System.
Another is Zoom Math, a basic version of which comes preloaded on the TI-84 Plus Silver Edition.
SAT_OS.
The "SAT Operating System ("SAT_OS")", although not an actual operating system, is a computer program designed for use in the Mathematics subsection of the SAT Reasoning Test. It was originally created with the intention of enabling one to rapidly calculate answers to most questions on the "New SAT" Math subsection. It was designed using the calculator-based programming language TI-BASIC. It is compatible with the TI-83+, TI-83+ Silver Edition, TI-84+ Silver Edition, TI-89, and TI-89 Titanium graphing calculators.
Description.
The SAT Operating System was written and released as a beta version in March 2005 in time for the very first version of the "New SAT". The new SAT ushered in new types of mathematics problems, while others were discarded. "SAT_OS" incorporates almost all of the most recent mathematical equations, problems solving functions, and tools into a user-friendly Graphical User Interface (GUI). So far there have been two unique versions of the SAT Operating System: one for the TI-89/Titanium graphing calculators and one for the TI-83+/84+/Silver Edition(s) graphing calculators. The version compatible with TI-83+/84+/Silver Edition graphing calculators was released on 5/3/11. The software is no longer in beta and is now owned and maintained by Calc-TechTM LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="29824991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29824991" title="List of number-one country hits of 1946 (U.S.)">
List of number-one country hits of 1946 (U.S.)

These are the U.S. number-one country songs of 1946, per the "Billboard" Most Played Juke Box Folk Records chart.
Note that for the Issue Dates (January 5, February 2, May 18) multiple number ones were certified by Billboard

</doc>
<doc id="29825038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29825038" title="2008 Pavel Roman Memorial">
2008 Pavel Roman Memorial

The 2008 Pavel Roman Memorial was the Pavel Roman Memorial competition for the 2008–2009 figure skating season. It was the 14th edition of the Pavel Roman Memorial to be held. The Pavel Roman Memorial is an annual international ice dancing figure skating competition held in the Czech Republic in the levels of senior, junior, and novice.
The 2008 Pavel Roman Memorial was held between November 14 and November 16, 2008 in Olomouc, Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="29825043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29825043" title="Dōitashimashite">
Dōitashimashite

At the time of release all the songs had already been released in studio form, except "My Horror is in Park, Drive Me Away Troubled Heart", which was released as "Horror (original)" on "¿Sólo Extraño?" in 2013. However, "Miel del Ojo" at 13 minutes is noticeably longer than its album version and is split into two parts (tracks 6 and 7). The latter features an extended jam, and despite sharing the name "Lorentz" with the composition which follows "Miel del Ojo" on "Solar Gambling", is a completely different piece.

</doc>
<doc id="29825083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29825083" title="Princess Mathilde of Bavaria (1877–1906)">
Princess Mathilde of Bavaria (1877–1906)

Princess Mathilde of Bavaria (Mathilde Marie Theresia Henriette Christine Luitpolda; 17 August 1877 – 6 August 1906) was the sixth child of Ludwig III of Bavaria and his wife, Maria Theresa of Austria-Este. After her early death, "Life-Dreams: The Poems of a Blighted Life", a collection of poems she wrote, was published in 1910.
Family and early life.
Princess Mathilde was born on 17 August 1877 as the sixth child and third daughter of Ludwig III of Bavaria at the family's summer residence of "Villa Amsee" in Lindau. Though she was the favorite daughter of her father, she and her mother were not close. Some speculate that she only married as an escape from her home.
Later years.
Marriage and issue.
Various candidates were rumored to be engaged to Princess Mathilde at different times. These included, in 1896, the Prince of Naples, but he married Princess Elena of Montenegro later that year. Others included Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, and Jaime, Duke of Madrid.
On 1 May 1900 in Munich, Mathilde married Prince Ludwig of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, a son of Prince Ludwig August of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and his wife Princess Leopoldina of Brazil. He was a captain in the Austrian army, and had been raised in Brazil as a grandson of Emperor Pedro II. The prince was also from the Catholic branch of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. They had two children: Prince Antonius of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (17 June 1901 – 1 September 1970); and Princess Maria Immaculata of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (10 September 1904 – 18 March 1940).
Death.
Mathilde died of tuberculosis at the age of 28, on 6 August 1906, in Davos, Switzerland. Her remains are buried in the Church of Saints Peter and Paul in the little village of Rieden north of her family home at Schloss Leutstetten. Her husband remarried a year later to Countess Anna of Trauttmansdorff-Weinsberg.
In 1910 Mathilde's family anonymously published some of her poems as "Traum und Leben: Gedichte einer früh Vollendeten". In 1913 John Heard translated and published them in English as "Life-Dreams: The Poems of a Blighted Life".

</doc>
<doc id="29825098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29825098" title="Al Masini">
Al Masini

Alfred Michael "Al" Masini (January 5, 1930 – November 29, 2010) was an American television producer.
Early career.
Masini was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. He graduated in 1948 from Xavier High School and in 1952 from Fordham University, where he was a three-sport star. After serving as an Air Force officer during the Korean War, he found a job in the CBS News department. From there he moved to CBS Network Station Relations and then into television sales.
By the late 1950s, Masini was a spot sales representative for the Edward Petry Company (now Petry Media), an advertising company. There he developed sophisticated sales systems and procedures and established the first programming department. Another innovation was individual spot pricing, by which each individual spot was priced according to the actual size of the audience, a method that remains the industry standard.
In December 1968, Masini founded TeleRep, now part of CoxReps, the nation's leading television station sales representative.
Later career.
In 1976 Masini and TeleRep organized Operation Prime Time, which reduced network control of prime time by developing high-quality programming for local, independent stations. Richard H. Frank, a former president of Walt Disney Television and one of Masini's long-standing colleagues and friends, later described Masini as "one of the creative forces in the development of non-network programming and a key force in helping to move the industry away from a three-network environment." 
Masini created and produced many popular syndicated series and made-for-TV movies. His programs won more than 35 Emmy Awards and include the long-running shows "Entertainment Tonight" (1981–present), "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" (1984–1996), "Solid Gold (1980–1988)," and "Star Search", a show that helped launch the careers of Brad Garrett, Christina Aguilera, Rosie O'Donnell, LeAnn Rimes, Beyoncé, Britney Spears, Justin Timberlake, Sharon Stone, Usher, Drew Carey, Alanis Morissette, Sinbad, Tiffany, and Brandy, among others.
For "Entertainment Tonight," Masini pioneered the use of satellites to transmit the syndicated program.
Masini and his third wife, April Masini, lobbied to change Hawaii state law to lure movie and TV productions to the islands. They have been credited with persuading the producers of "Baywatch" and "Pacific Blue" to film in Hawaii, and they brought the Miss Universe 1998 Pageant to the Stan Sheriff Arena, along with delegations and news media from 85 countries.
Awards.
Broadcasting Inaugural Hall of Fame, 1991
National Association of Broadcasters, Broadcast Pioneer Award, 2003
His death.
Masini died of melanoma in Honolulu, Hawaii. His survivors were Charlyn Honda Masini, whom he had married in 2001, a sister (whose name was unknown as of early October 2012), and two nieces. He had no children of his own.

</doc>
<doc id="29825117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29825117" title="Franchise fraud">
Franchise fraud

Franchise fraud is defined by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation as a pyramid scheme.
Franchise fraud in U.S. federal law.
The FBI website states:
In the United States, franchising is regulated by a complex web of franchise rules and franchising regulations consisting of the Federal Trade Commission "Franchise Rule", state laws, and industry guidelines.
The most recent version of the FTC "Franchise Rule" was in 2007, is printed in .
The FTC franchise rule specifies what information a franchisor must disclose to a prospective "franchise business" as a "franchise opportunity" in a document named the Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD).
Means of committing franchise fraud.
Franchisors that practice franchise fraud will attempt to pressure a franchisee leaving the franchise system to sign a non-disclosure agreement, confidentiality agreement or a gag order. The gag order allows franchise misrepresentation by preventing prospective new franchisees learning important details about the churning franchise. Unfortunately, the Federal Trade Commission Rule and the State Franchise Disclosure Documents that govern the sale of franchises appear to enable franchisors to withhold negative facts concerning the performance of the franchised business plan from new buyers of franchises and to disclaim that the franchisors have promised anything in the way of success and profits in the written disclosure document and the binding, and generally non-negotiated, franchise agreement. The sellers of franchised business plans, the franchisors, themselves, appear to have no obligation under current rules and regulations to disclose negative system UNIT performance statistics to new buyers of the franchised business plans who then unknowingly purchase franchises that have demonstrated low or no profitability and high failure rates of "founding" franchisees.
Uniquely, franchisors, themselves, under the FTC Rule and the State Franchise Disclosure Documents appear not to have to disclose system UNIT Performance Statistics in their possession to new buyers, and new buyers of franchises must do their due diligence with current and ex-franchisees. It should be noted that current and ex-franchisees of systems have no duty under the law to disclose information about their businesses to prospective franchisees. 
In the 2007 Franchise Rule, in the Federal Register from pages 15505 to 15506, comments from former franchisees were listed concerning confidentiality agreements:
By having former franchisees under a gag order, franchisors that practice "business franchise" fraud or franchise churning "inhibit prospective franchisees from learning the truth about the "franchising opportunity" as they conduct their due diligence investigation of a franchise offer." (page 15505 of the Federal Register "Franchise Rule")
Franchise fraud law in the U.S. state by state.
California.
California Franchise Investment Law, begins at section 31000 of the "California Corporations Code". 
Part 1 lists the definitions of the California Franchise code.
Part 2 is the Regulation Of The Sale Of Franchises. There are three chapters, 1) Exemptions, 2) Disclosures, and 3) General Provisions.
Under chapter 2, section 31125 the following exists
If a franchisor in California keeps "less than 25%" of former "California franchisees" (not nationwide franchisees), "per year", under a Gag order, there is no violation. The modification agreement can have a clause in the document stating that is was "signed voluntarily".
Part 3 of this code describes Fraudulent and Prohibited Practices. Chapter 1 describes "Fraudulent practices". Chapter 2 describes "Prohibited practices". Chapter 3 describes "Unfair practices".
Indiana.
In Indiana fraud, deceit, and misrepresentation during the process of franchise contract formation or performance is actionable at civil law under the Indiana Franchise Act. There is no general right of action, only a specific right of private action by a party on the aforementioned grounds. The scope of franchise fraud is also narrower than the scope of ordinary common law fraud action. The Indiana Supreme Court holds that "the circumstances of fraud would be the time, the place, the substance of the false representations, the facts mispresented, and the identification of what was procured by the fraud. [… However,] the plaintiff in a franchise fraud action must nevertheless plead the facts and circumstances alleged to constitute fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation with at least the same degree of particularity and detail as would be necessary to maintain an action for common law fraud".
Also held by the Supreme Court is that scienter is not an element of franchise fraud. Nor does failure to disclose on the part of a franchisor a pending civil lawsuit at the time of making a franchise agreement constitute franchise fraud, so long as any such representations as to legal action are not relied upon by either party as part of their decision-making process. Statements by the franchisor as to potential earnings by the franchisee do not constitute franchise fraud, since they do not constitute a material (mis-)representation of past or existing facts.
Civil action under the Franchise Disclosure Act must be brought within three years of discovery of the violation. Action brought under the Deceptive Franchise Practices Act must be brought within two.

</doc>
<doc id="29825132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29825132" title="2007 Pavel Roman Memorial">
2007 Pavel Roman Memorial

The 2007 Pavel Roman Memorial was the Pavel Roman Memorial competition for the 2007–2008 figure skating season. It was the 13th edition of the Pavel Roman Memorial to be held. The Pavel Roman Memorial is an annual international ice dancing figure skating competition held in the Czech Republic in the levels of senior, junior, and novice.
The 2007 Pavel Roman Memorial was held between November 16 and November 18, 2007 in Olomouc, Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="29825173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29825173" title="10th Legion Championship Fighting">
10th Legion Championship Fighting

10th Legion Championship Fighting or 10th Legion is a UK-based Mixed Martial Arts promotion. The company was founded in 2008 by Martial Arts teacher and Wing Chun Master Alan Orr and held its first event in April 2009 in Hull. The company is based in Hull, London and New Zealand.
Mixed Martial Arts combines Olympic disciplines such as Greco-Roman Wrestling, Freestyle Wrestling, Boxing and Judo with the more modern Martial Arts skills of Kickboxing/Muay Thai, Submission Fighting/Grappling - such as Brazilian jiu-jitsu
10th Legion works with other MMA organizations to build a better standard in the sport. Events are planned for 2014 in Hull, London and New Zealand.
History.
10th Legion Championship Fighting has brought together fighters from around the UK, USA and Europe for international events.
10th Legion's first World Champion was five times UFC vetern Welterweight fighter Jess 'The Joker' Liaudin, who still holds his title.
Another well known 10th Legion World Champion is Lightweight fighter Abdul Mohamed.
10th Legion Championship Fighting events.
Organisation information: 10th Legion Championship Fighting
Current 10th Legion champions.
Title holders

</doc>
<doc id="29825189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29825189" title="Down to the River / This Town">
Down to the River / This Town

"Down to the River / This Town" are two songs on a double A-sided single by Feeder, released as the group's third and final single from their seventh album "Renegades" in 2010, while being their 31st single overall and their third double A-sided single after the 2008 release of "Tracing Lines / Silent Cry". Both tracks like the majority of the "Renegades" album, started off life as tracks first performed live under their Renegades side-project name, but were both only released commercially as Feeder tracks.
"Down to the River" is the longest track on the "Renegades" album, running at 5 minutes and 23 seconds being edited down to 4 minutes for single release, while "This Town" is one of six songs on the 12 track version of the album to clock in at least two minutes but not go over three, with a total running time of 2 minutes and 57 seconds. When "Down to the River" was first played live, setlists would list the song as "Down to the River" or simply "River" with Grant Nicholas introducing the song as "Down By the River". This confusion was further lengthened when the standard edition of "Renegades" listed the track as "Down By the River", while the special edition listed it as "Down to the River". Grant Nicholas later confirmed "Down to the River" as the correct title and was introduced this way onwards.
This is also the first single to be released by the band to include an A-side track recorded not with their main drummer, as "Down to the River" features former Mexicolas drummer Tim Trotter while "This Town" features their now regular drummer Karl Brazil. Tim played drums on two of the album's tracks, with the other being "White Lines". On "Call Out", Trotter drums on the track "Fallen", which was however a B-side on that single. 
The single has no new tracks, meaning "Sending Out Waves" is the only new track to be released exclusively on any of the album's singles, as "Fallen", the b-side to "Call Out", was at first a free download to anybody who owned a copy of the Renegades second EP and also appears on the iTunes and Japanese versions of the album. Although there are indeed no new tracks on the vinyl itself, the vinyl sleeve was printed with a code, that if entered on a special section of the Feederweb website, allows the user to download an instrumental version of "Fallen". This version unlike the one on the instrumentals promo CD, has no skips in it and have been corrected especially for this download release. The track was used as an instrumental during the 2010-2011 edition of "Match of the Day", while the Premier League table was shown. The download was released to tie in with this. "Down to the River/This Town", could be seen as Feeder's most low-key single release as although promo CD's were made for airplay, the single included no new material making it more of a single for collectors, while there was no music video produced for the single, making it the first Feeder single release not to include one. The main reason for this was that the band were on tour before the single was released, therefore taking away their time to make one.

</doc>
<doc id="29825194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29825194" title="Jeff Foss">
Jeff Foss

Jeff Foss (born February 12, 1988) is an American ice hockey defenceman. He is currently playing with KalPa in the Finnish Liiga. Foss was selected by the Nashville Predators in the 6th round (166th overall) of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.
Foss made his Liiga debut playing with KalPa during the 2013–14 Liiga season.

</doc>
<doc id="29825212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=29825212" title="2006 Pavel Roman Memorial">
2006 Pavel Roman Memorial

The 2006 Pavel Roman Memorial was the Pavel Roman Memorial competition for the 2006–2007 figure skating season. It was the 12th edition of the Pavel Roman Memorial to be held. The Pavel Roman Memorial is an annual international ice dancing figure skating competition held in the Czech Republic in the levels of senior, junior, and novice.
The 2006 Pavel Roman Memorial was held between November 17 and November 19, 2006 in Olomouc, Czech Republic.

</doc>
