<doc id="2838768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838768" title="Japanese equivalents of adjectives">
Japanese equivalents of adjectives

The Japanese language does not have words that function as adjectives in a syntactic sense – that is to say that tree diagrams of Japanese sentences can be constructed without employing adjective phrases. Nevertheless, there are words that function as adjectives in a semantic sense. This article deals with those words.
Types of adjective.
In Japanese, nouns and verbs can modify nouns, with nouns taking the 〜の particles when functioning attributively (in the genitive case), and verbs in the attributive form (連体形 rentaikei). These are considered separate classes of words, however.
Most of the words that can be considered to be adjectives in Japanese fall into one of two categories – variants of verbs, and nouns:
Both the predicative forms (終止形 "shūshikei" "terminal form") and attributive forms (連体形 "rentaikei") of adjectival verbs and adjectival nouns can be analyzed as verb phrases, making the attributive forms of adjectival verbs and adjectival nouns relative clauses, rather than adjectives. According to this analysis, Japanese has no syntactic adjectives.
Japanese adjectives that do not fall into either of these categories are usually grouped into a grab-bag category:
A couple of small sub-categories can be distinguished in these categories, reflecting former grammatical distinctions or constructions which no longer exist:
Syntax.
"i"-adjectives.
Adjectival verbs (形容詞 "keiyōshi") end with い "i" (but never えい "ei") in base form. They may predicate sentences and inflect for past, negative, etc. As they head verb phrases, they can be considered a type of verbal (verb-like part of speech). Their inflections are different and not so numerous as full verbs. Conversely, the negative plain form of a verb is an adjective: it ends in 〜ない "-na-i," which then inflects as an "i"-adjective.
The stem of "i"-adjectives can combine (prepend on the left), similar to the stem form ("-masu" stem) of verbs, though this is less common than for verbs. Conversely, nouns or verb stems can sometimes prepend "i"-adjectives, or two "i"-adjectives can combine, forming compound modifiers; these are much less common than Japanese compound verbs. Common examples include (noun + "i"-adjective) and ("i"-adjective stem + "i"-adjective), while ("i"-adjective stem + verb stem) shows an adjective stem joining to form a noun.
"shii"-adjectives.
A number of "i"-adjectives end in (sometimes written "-sii"). These are overwhelmingly words for feelings, like or . These were originally a separate class of adjectives, dating at least to Old Japanese, where the two classes are known as and , corresponding to "-i" and "-shii"; see Old Japanese: Adjectives. However, they merged over the course of Late Middle Japanese, and now "shii"-adjectives are simply a form of "i"-adjectives; see Late Middle Japanese: Adjectives. The distinction, although no longer meaningful in pronunciation, is still reflected by the writing system, where -し- is still written out as Hiragana, like in .
"na"-adjectives.
Adjectival nouns (形容動詞 "keiyō-dōshi") always occur with a form of the copula, traditionally considered part of the adjectival noun itself. The only difference between nouns and adjectival nouns is in the attributive form, where nouns take "no" and adjectives take "na". This has led many linguists to consider them a type of nominal (noun-like part of speech). Together with this form of the copula they may also predicate sentences and inflect for past, negative, etc.
きれい "kirei" and 嫌い "kirai" may be the only two "na"-adjectives that end with a Hiragana い "i". The rest are written in kanji so they have no 送り仮名 "okurigana" い "i" (including 綺麗/奇麗 "kirei" in kanji form). 嫌い "kirai" derives from 嫌う "kirau", hence the exception.
"-yaka" "na" adjectives.
There are a number of "na" adjectives ending in 〜やか "-yaka," particularly for subjective words (compare "-i" adjectives ending in "-shii"). This is believed to be a combination of two suffixes 〜や "-ya" and 〜か "-ka," where "-ya" mean "softness" and "-ka" meant "apparent, visible" (similar to modern 〜そう "-sō," which is also followed by 〜な), hence the combination "-ya-ka" meant "appears somewhat ..., looks slightly ...". This was believed to have been used in the Nara era, and have become particularly popular in the Heian period, but is no longer productive. In some cases the original word is now only used (or almost always used) in the "-yaka" form, such as 鮮やか "aza-yaka" "vivid, brilliant", 穏やか "oda-yaka" "calm, gentle", and 爽やか "sawa-yaka" "fresh, clear", while in other cases the word is used in isolation, such as 雅 "miyabi" "elegant, graceful", which is used alongside 雅やか "miyabi-yaka" "elegant, graceful", and in other cases a related word also exists, such as 賑やか "nigi-yaka" "bustling, busy" and the verb 賑わう "nigi-wau" "be bustling, be busy". The most basic of these is 賑やか "nigi-yaka" "bustling, busy", but many of these are everyday words. Due to the "-yaka" being originally a suffix, it is written as okurigana, even though the compound word may now be a fixed unit.
"-raka" "na" adjectives.
Similarly, there are also a few "na" adjectives ending in 〜らか "-raka," of similar origin. These are generally less subjective, but declined in popularity relative to the "-yaka" construction in the Heian period Notable examples include 明らか "aki-raka" "clear, obvious" and 柔らか／軟らか "yawa-raka" "soft, gentle". As with "-yaka" words, the 〜らか is written out as okurigana.
"taru"-adjectives.
A variant of "na" adjectives exist, which take 〜たる "-taru" when functioning attributively (as an adjective, modifying a noun), and 〜と "-to" when functioning adverbally (when modifying a verb), instead of the 〜な "-na" and 〜に "-ni" which are mostly used with "na" adjectives. "taru" adjectives do not predicate a sentence (they cannot end a sentence, as verbs and "i"-adjectives can) or take the copula (as "na"-adjectives and nouns can), but must modify a noun or verb. Note that sometimes "na" adjectives take a 〜と, and Japanese sound symbolism generally take a (sometimes optional) 〜と, though these are different word classes.
There are rather few of these words, and they usually are considered somewhat stiff or archaic; this word class is generally not covered in textbooks for foreign language learners of Japanese. One of the most common is 堂々 "dōdō" "magnificent, stately". These are referred to in Japanese as ト・タル形容動詞 ("to, taru keiyōdōshi") or タルト型活用 ("taruto-kata katsuyō" – “taru, to form conjugation”).
See 形容動詞#タルト型活用 for discussion in Japanese. Historically, these developed in Late Old Japanese as a variant of "na" adjectives, but the form mostly died out; the remaining "taru" adjectives are fossils.
"naru"-adjectives.
There are also a few "naru" adjectives such as 単なる "tannaru" "mere, simple" or 聖なる "seinaru" "holy", which developed similarly to "taru"-adjectives. As with "taru" adjectives, these cannot predicate or take the copula, but must modify a noun (though not a verb – these only modify nouns via なる, not verbs via ×に), and often occur in set phrases, such as . In Late Old Japanese, "tari" adjectives developed as a variant of "nari" adjectives. Most "nari" adjectives became "na" adjectives in Modern Japanese, while "tari" adjectives either died out or survived as "taru" adjective fossils, but a few "nari" adjectives followed a similar path to the "tari" adjectives and became "naru" adjective fossils. They are generally classed into rentaishi.
Attributives.
Attributives ("rentaishi") are few in number, and unlike the other words, are strictly limited to modifying nouns. "Rentaishi" never predicate sentences. They derive from other word classes, and so are not always given the same treatment syntactically. For example, "ano" (あの, "that") can be analysed as a noun or pronoun "a" plus the genitive ending "no"; "aru" (ある or 或る, "a certain"), "saru" (さる, "a certain"), and "iwayuru" (いわゆる, "so-called") can be analysed as verbs ("iwayuru" being an obsolete passive form of the verb "iu" (言う) "to speak"); and "ōkina" (大きな, "big") can be analysed as the one remaining form of the obsolete adjectival noun "ōki nari". Attributive "onaji" (同じ, "the same") is sometimes considered to be a "rentaishi", but it is usually analysed as simply an irregular adjectival verb (note that it has an infinitive "onajiku"). The final form "onaji", which occurs with the copula, is usually considered to be a noun, albeit one derived from the adjectival verb.
It can be seen that attributives are analysed variously as nouns, verbs, or adjectival nouns.
Archaic forms.
Various archaic forms from Middle Japanese remain as fossils, primarily uses of or forms that in Modern Japanese would usually be . Everyday examples notably include and – in modern grammar and , respectively. Similarly, uses archaic forms of and .
Inflection.
"i"-adjective.
Adjectival verbs ("i"-adjectives) are inflected by dropping the "-i" from the end and replacing it with the appropriate ending. Adjectival verbs are made more polite by the use of です "desu". です "desu" is added directly after the inflected plain form and has no syntactic function; its only purpose is to make the utterance more polite (see Honorific speech in Japanese).
良い "ii" "good" is a special case because it comes from the kanji 良い "yoi". In present tense it is read as いい "ii" but since it derives from よい "yoi" all the inflections use that instead. For example, 良いですね "ii desu ne" "is good" becomes 良かったですね "yokatta desu ne" "[It was good". かっこいい "kakkoi" "cool" also fits the same category because it is a mash-up of 格好 "kakkou" and いい "ii".
い "i" adjectives like 安い "yasui" ("cheap") have the い "i" changed to ければ "kereba" to change them to conditional form, e.g. 安ければ "yasukereba"; 安くなければ "yasukunakereba".
"na"-adjective.
Adjectival nouns ("na"-adjectives) are inflected by dropping the "-na" and replacing it with the appropriate form of the verb "da", the copula. As with adjectival verbs, adjectival nouns are also made more polite by the use of です "desu". です "desu" is used in its role as the polite form of the copula, therefore replacing "da" (the plain form of the copula) in the plain form of these adjectives.
な "na" adjectives have なら "nara" added to them to change to conditional form, and just like all other ない "nai" form inflections, behave like an い "i" adjective when in negative form, e.g. 簡単じゃなければ "kantan ja nakereba".
Adverb forms.
Both adjectival verbs and adjectival nouns can form adverbs. In the case of adjectival verbs, い "i" changes to く "ku":
and in the case of adjectival nouns, な "na" changes to に "ni":
There are also some words like たくさん "takusan" and 全然 "zenzen" that are adverbs in their root form:
In a few cases, a 〜に form of a word is common while a 〜な form is rare or non-existent, as in – is common, but is generally not used.
Terminology.
The Japanese word "keiyōshi" is used to denote an English adjective.
Because the widespread study of Japanese is still relatively new in the Western world, there are no generally accepted English translations for the above parts of speech, with varying texts adopting different sets, and others extant not listed above.

</doc>
<doc id="2838774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838774" title="Bullets (Creed song)">
Bullets (Creed song)

"Bullets" is the second single from Creed's third album, "Weathered". It is regarded as the heaviest single of the band.
Meaning.
"Bullets" departs heavily from the previously established "anthemic rock" sound heard throughout most of Creed's recent singles leading up to "Weathered". The song was written during a period of difficulty for the band where they were forced to dismiss Brian Marshall from the band for comments he made on a radio show. There are currently two versions. Some believe that Marshall defended Scott Stapp in response to Fred Durst from Limp Bizkit's criticisms on a radio show. Most, however, believe that Marshall was dismissed due to his criticism of Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder, not Fred Durst. According to Stapp, in a later interview, Marshall left the band on his own wishes.
The song is very aggressive both lyrically and musically it has a thick distorted sound with heavy guitar riffs and pounding drums.
Music video.
A video was also released with the single which was also aired on MTV as a follow up to Creed's first single, My Sacrifice. Developed by Vision Scape Interactive, the team behind games such as Twisted Metal 4, were responsible for characterizing and developing the storyline in the video with the band. The team spent $473,000, and dedicated 15 employees working more than 18 hours a day to complete the project, according to Matt McDonald, President of Vision Scape.

</doc>
<doc id="2838781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838781" title="Brother Beyond">
Brother Beyond

Brother Beyond were a British boy band/pop group who had mainstream success in the late 1980s.
Biography.
The group's first four singles, "I Should Have Lied", "How Many Times", "Chain-Gang Smile" (produced by Don Was from Was Not Was), and an early version of "Can You Keep a Secret?" (which was later remixed and hit the charts), were all written by band members Eg White (then substituted by live session drummer Steve Alexander), or David Ben White in collaboration with Carl Fysh, and performed together by the band, ideally led by vocalist Nathan Moore (though he never took part in the composition process on any of the songs, nor played any of the instruments). None of these early singles, released between 1986 and 1988, ever troubled the UK Top 50, but they were instead minor chart entries, in the UK Top 75 Singles Chart.
When the songwriters and producers Mike Stock, Matt Aitken and Pete Waterman, known as Stock Aitken Waterman (SAW), auctioned off their services to charity, Brother Beyond and label EMI won the auction. The first song to be released from this session was "The Harder I Try", a number 2 hit, that was only kept off the top by the million-seller "A Groovy Kind of Love" by Phil Collins in July 1988. "The Harder I Try" samples the drum intro of The Isley Brothers' "This Old Heart of Mine", and indeed the song as a whole has a distinct Motown feel, as does its successor "He Ain't No Competition", getting to number 6. The 12" version of the latter topped the Hi-NRG charts in October 1988, where it stayed until it was knocked off by the Samantha Fox cover of "I Only Wanna Be with You", again produced by SAW. The following releases from the "Get Even" album failed to make the UK Top Ten: "Be My Twin", which got to number 14, and "Can You Keep a Secret?", hitting number 22. All these singles were taken from the two different editions of their first album "Get Even".
After a brief hiatus, they returned with a brand new single, "Drive On", however this failed all expectations and peaked at #39 which hampered the chart position of its parent album, "Trust". They then released a cover of the ballad by The Three Degrees, called "When Will I See You Again?", however this missed the UK Top 40 altogether and peaked at #43. The final release from their 2nd album was the title track "Trust", completely self-written, but bombed completely, peaking at #53.
After a year-long break, the band enjoyed some more success in the U.S. with their last chart single, "The Girl I Used to Know",and a final UK chart-entry at number 48. The follow up single was "Just A Heartbeat Away", but failed to chart. No third follow-up album ever came out after this one single.
They released in fact only two albums, "Get Even" in 1988, and "Trust" in 1989, before disbanding in 1991. In 2005, a compilation was released, "The Very Best of Brother Beyond", collecting all of the band's greatest hits, including the 1991 single "The Girl I Used to Know", which was not previously available on any album.
In January 2011, an expanded edition of "Get Even" was released, featuring the original line up of the album, along with four bonus tracks. The bonus tracks are extended versions or remixes of "I Should Have Lied", "The Harder I Try", "He Ain't No Competition" and "Be My Twin".
After the split.
Lead singer Nathan Moore went on to sing with another boy band, called Worlds Apart, successful in France in the mid-90s, and worked as a manager to such acts as Jessica Garlick. He was also a contestant on ITV's "Hit Me Baby One More Time", and part of Lisa Scott-Lee's "Totally Scott-Lee" programme set up on MTV.
Drummer Steve Alexander toured with Duran Duran for six years, before going solo. He has since worked with Jeff Beck and formed a musical collaboration called Flashman [http://www.flash-man.tv/] with vocalist Renn. His new project is a collaboration with bassist Simon Little called Little Alex.
Carl Fysh now works for Purple PR, a public relations agency in London. He became manager to male duo Fierce Girl, as well as working with acts such as Goldfrapp, Coldplay and Adele.
David White obtained a BA degree in Fine Arts at Central St. Martin's College in London and is currently studying for his Master of Art at Chelsea College of Art and Design. He has shown his paintings all around England and Israel.
Eg and Alice.
After leaving Brother Beyond, Eg White formed the duo Eg and Alice with artist Alice Temple. Their production was critically acclaimed but a commercial failure, and none of their singles ever entered the UK Top 75. They released one album (which also didn't chart) for WEA in 1991, before Eg decided to go solo, covering the Jellyfish hit "Stay Home". Eg White won an Ivor Novello award for writing Will Young's "Leave Right Now", and has written songs for a variety of artists including Natalie Imbruglia, Joss Stone and Adele.

</doc>
<doc id="2838783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838783" title="Lebanon national basketball team">
Lebanon national basketball team

The Lebanon national basketball team is the basketball team representing Lebanon in international competitions. Lebanon has been considered as one of the top teams in the FIBA Asia sector after coming runners up on three occasions during the 2001 FIBA Asia Championship, the 2005 FIBA Asia Championship and the 2007 FIBA Asia Championship.
History.
The first time basketball was played in Lebanon was in the mid-1920s in the American University of Beirut. Gabi Arbaji was the first to prepare a basketball playground in Tabaris area, where the early college competitions were held.
In 1939, the first college championship was organized and the finals opposed the Makassed team to the AUB and ended with a major victory to Makassed with a score of (33–11). The Lebanese Basketball Federation was jointly founded later in 1949 along with the Lebanese Volleyball Federation. The Lebanese Basketball Federation is a member of the International, Asian, West Asian and Arab basketball organizations. The two federations broke up and the first independent Lebanese Basketball Federation was born in 1955. But the Lebanese Basketball Championship was already organized back in 1951. The Lebanese Basketball Championship was organized and the champions were crowned till 1975 when the dramatic war stopped everything. In this period before the war, Riyadi team had the biggest number of trophies. During the war, the basketball never stopped and there were always tournaments organized between the clubs of each section in the country and the players did not stop from doing their best hobby. After the war in 1993 the 1st championship was organized under the era of Tony Khoury who stood in the Federation for so many years and from that time the media started to had a bigger interest in this game until late 1996 when a new Federation was born with Antoin Chartier as a president, at that time the LBC interfered and sponsored the game so this date was the big launching of the Lebanese Basketball.
The Lebanese made their debut in the European championship tournaments with Eurobasket 1949, held in Cairo, Egypt. They lost all six of their games in the seven-team round-robin tournament, finishing in 7th and last place.
The refusal of the Soviet Union to host the competition and FIBA Europe's unwillingness to ask Czechoslovakia to host consecutive tournaments meant that 1947 bronze medallist Egypt hosted the competition. Due to travel difficulties and fears, few European teams would travel to the African country to compete. Lebanon, as well as Syria, were asked to compete in the European championship despite being Asian countries.Lebanon played in the European competition again at Eurobasket 1953 in Moscow. They lost all four of their preliminary round, including one by forfeit as the team refused to play against Israel. The team was able to defeat Sweden in the first classification round, giving them their first Eurobasket win. They placed 4th in their five-team group, advancing to the 13–16 classification games. They lost the first 58–56 to West Germany, but won against Denmark 74–40 to take 15th place of the 17 teams.
The two federations broke up and the first independent Lebanese Basketball Federation was founded in 1955. This plan was already organized by the year 1951. The Lebanese Basketball Championship was formed back then, and went into action till Lebanese civil war. In this period before the war, Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut team had the biggest number of trophies.
This new federation started to organize lot of championships (other categories . ages championships, ...), in 1997 that championship finished as Riyadi Champion, the next season they went to Malaysia to participate in the Asian championship for clubs they reached the 3rd place and on their return to Beirut all the roads to the airport were closed because the Lebanese fans were on the streets to meet their champions. The same year in 1998 Riaydi lost the championship to their big rival Sagesse . The Lebanese Basketball Federation hosted a big tournament the Arab club Championship in Which Sagesse won the 1st ever trophy to Lebanon after losing the final in 1996 in Beirut also. Beirut did not sleep that night all over he country people were on the roads partying till dawn, the next day all the schools were closed. In 1999 Beirut hosted the Asian Champion ship for clubs, Sagesse managed to win the 1st ever Asian title for Lebanese teams, the mood that day was unbelievable everybody forget about the previous title and the parties were crazy in all over the country. This same year Sagesse managed to retain their title in the Arab club Championship which was held for the 2nd consecutive time in Beirut. Late 1999 new Elections were made and a new group came to the federation on their head Mr. Jean Hammam with a big target in his mind to reach to higher levels on the clubs and national teams competitions. So the new federation started to work on the national teams Men, Women, Young man, Junior Men with bringing the best coaches.
After the war in 1993, the 1st championship was organized under the era of Tony Khoury who stood in the Federation for many years; from that time the media started to have a bigger interest in this game. In late 1996, a new Federation was formed with Antoin Chartier as a president, at that time the Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation sponsored the game and is still till nowadays.
In late 1999, new elections were made and a new group came to the federation on their head Jean Hammam with a big target in his mind to reach to higher levels on the clubs and national teams competitions. The new federation started to work on the national teams for men, women, junior Men.
In May 2000, Lebanon once more hosted the Asian Championship for clubs and one more time Sagesse won it and created history by being the only team to win the championship two consecutive times. The new group changed the regulation of the federation in a way that can fit the targets designed and they have created new regulations for the players concerning their transfers and their signatures in their clubs. These new rules changed the idea of Basketball in Lebanon and the Basketball player, he turned down to be a professional one after these changes.
In March 2000, Sagesse lost their Arabic Title in Dubai and finished the championship in third place. In 2001, Sagesse failed to retain their Asian Title in Dubai, they finished sixth. In 2002, Beirut hosted the Arab club Championship once again Sagesse failed to regian their title back and they finished 4th in the Championship, but the women's team of Sagesse Mar Doumit made another history by winning the Arab Title for the first in the history of the Lebanese Woman Basketball. In 2000 the Lebanese Basketball Federation signed a contract with the best coach ever to came to the Middle East Andrew Young, he started to prepare all the National teams for the big events to come. The Lebanese National Team won the WABA championship that year but lost their coach one day before the start of the championship who passed away in a hospital in Beirut from a long time illness . This event gave the Lebanese national team a bigger motivation to go till the end, the next year in 2001 under another American coach, John Neuman, they played the second round of qualifications of WABA which led them to play the Asian Championship for National Team in China . This tournament will turn down to be the best result in the history of Lebanese Basketball . for the 1st participation in a such event Lebanon managed to reach the semi-final and to beat Korea and reach the Final and in the same time to reach the World Championship in the USA in 2002 .Lebanon lost in the final but in Lebanon every place were full of emotions, and the national team players were the long time waited heroes for the Lebanese People, the celebrations were everywhere in the country, the president of the republic and the prime minister met the Lebanese Team and congratulate them.
In 2002 the Lebanese National team went to so many camps in the USA before 1 month of the Championship, and they managed t show a good level of the Lebanese Basketball, Lebanon was ranked at the end 16. In 2003 the Lebanese National team with a new coach Ghassan Sarkis reached the final of the Jordan Tournament to loose against the Egyptian team, and they reached the semi final of the Asian Championship in China to loose against the Korean team by overtime and to be ranked 4th overall in the championship. As for the other national teams in 2000 the Junior National Team played the Asian Championship in Malaysia after playing the Qualifications in Beirut in reaching the 2nd place, in 2001 the Junior National Team won the WABA Championship which qualified him to play the Asian Championship in Kuwait in 2002 in which he reached the 9th place with 1 loss. In 2003 they played the qualifications for the Asian Championship in Yemen and they reached the 2nd place. The women national team played the Arab Championship in 2000 in Algeria, they won all their games except the one against the home team so they reached the 2nd spot which was a great results for the Women Basketball . In 2003 They won the Jordan tournament after beating all the Arab national teams with comfortable margin, the women national is full of new generation players. As for the young men national team they played the WABA Championship in 2003 and they reached the 2nd spot. In 2004 Sagesse made another step in the history after winning back the Asian Championship for Clubs in Dubai and to be the 1st team ever to win it three times.
In 2005 The Lebanese Men's National team made another historic achievement by qualifying for the second consecutive time to the World Championship by finishing 2nd in the Asian Championship behind China. In 2005 Riyadi imposed its supremacy on the Arabic clubs scene by winning the Arab Club Championship which was held in Dubai. In 2006 Lebanon had its most successful summer of Basketball, The men national team achieved the best results for Lebanon by beating Venezuela and Canada in the ALPOS CUP in Slovenia and by beating again Venezuela and France in the world championship in Japan. The Lebanese Junior National added to this achievement another one which was the qualification to the U19 Men World Championship for the first time ever which will be held in Vancouver – Canada in July 2007. Riyadi – Beirut Club Once again retained its Arabic title by winning the Arabic Title in Morocco. As for the women's Antranik -Beirut club created history by being the only Lebanese team to win the Arab Championship for Women's clubs for the first time outside Lebanon, the championship was held in Dubai.
Stanković Cup.
"See Article: 2010 FIBA Asia Stanković Cup"
Lebanon hosted the all-new Stanković Cup in 2010 from the 7 to 15 August. Ghazir Club Court welcomed 10 national teams from Asia. The tournament was concluded with the victory of the Lebanese basketball team over the Japanese side with 38 points difference and a 7–0 run. The victory is the first for the Lebanese side.
FIBA Asia and World championships.
In the FIBA Asia Championship, Lebanon finished 2nd three times (2001, 2005 and 2007), losing twice in the final to China and once to Iran, respectively. They participated in the 2006 FIBA World Championship in Japan, the second time they qualified for the tournament (First was in 2002). During that tournament, they managed to beat France and Venezuela but lost to Serbia and Montenegro, Nigeria and Argentina in the first round, finishing in 5th place out of the six to be eliminated.
The 2006 tournament was considered a success mainly because of the political problems Lebanon is having lately. Lebanon's 74–73 victory over France was considered one of the upsets of the tournament. Fadi El Khatib was the seventh best scorer in the tournament, averaging 18 points per game. His performances in the World Championship affected his team's status because in Lebanon's victories El Khatib averaged 32 points per game while averaging only 10 points per game in Lebanon's losses.
Lebanon participated in the 2010 FIBA World Championship and managed to beat Canada 81–71 before losing the remaining of his group games.
In the William Jones Cup Lebanon finished second overall two times (2007 and 2010) and third once (2009).
2013 FIBA suspension.
As of July 2013, Lebanon is serving a FIBA-approved indefinite suspension. This came after the parties within the country's national basketball federation failed to resolve their differences, forcing FIBA Asia to suspend the country from all of its sanctioned events until further notice in spite of the fact that FIBA Asia secretary general Hagop Khajirian is Lebanese. However on 8 May 2014 after recent appeals by the Lebanese Federation, FIBA eventually uplifted the ban allowing the national team to once again compete on the international stage.

</doc>
<doc id="2838805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838805" title="Antoine Claire Thibaudeau">
Antoine Claire Thibaudeau

Antoine Claire, Comte Thibaudeau (23 March 1765, Poitiers – 8 March 1854) was a French politician.
He was the son of Antoine de Thibaudeau (1739–1813), who was a lawyer of Poitiers and a deputy to the Estates-General of 1789. He was admitted to the bar in 1787, and in 1789 accompanied his father to the Estates-General at Versailles. When he returned to Poitiers in October he immediately set up a local revolutionary club, and in 1792 was returned as a deputy to the National Convention.
Thibaudeau joined the party of the Mountain and voted for the death of Louis XVI unconditionally. Nevertheless he incurred a certain amount of suspicion because he declined to join the Jacobin Club. In May 1793 he was on a special mission in the west and prevented his "département" from joining the Federalist movement. Thibaudeau occupied himself more particularly with educational business, notably in the organization of the museum of the Louvre. It was he who secured the inclusion of Tom Paine's name in the amnesty of Girondist deputies.
Secretary and then president of the Convention for a short period, he served on the Committee of Public Safety and of General Security. After the royalist insurrection of 13 Vendémiaire (5 October 1795) he opposed those Thermidorians who wished to postpone the dissolution of the Convention. At the elections for the "Corps Législatif" he was elected by no less than thirty-two "départements". It was only by the intervention of Boulay de la Meurthe that he escaped transportation after the "coup d'etat" of 18 Fructidor (4 September 1797), and he then returned to the practice of his profession.
The establishment of the Consulate brought him back to public life. He was made prefect of the Gironde, and then member of the council of state, in which capacity he worked on the civil code. He at this time had Napoleon's confidence, and gave him wholehearted support. He did not entirely conceal his disapproval of the foundation of the Légion d'Honneur, of the Concordat and of Napoleon's acceptance of the Consulate for life, and his appointment as prefect of the Bouches-du-Rhône, with consequent banishment from Paris, was a semi-disgrace.
A peer of the Hundred Days, he fled at the second Restoration to Lausanne. During his exile he lived in Vienna, Prague, Augsburg and Brussels, occupying himself with his "Mémoires sur la Convention et le Directoire" (Paris, 2 vols., 1824); "Mémoires sur le Consulat: par un ancien conseiller d'état" (Paris, 1827); "Histoire générale de Napoléon Bonaparte" (6 vols., Paris and Stuttgart, 1827–28, vol. iii. not printed); "Le Consulat et l'Empire", vol. i. of which is identical with vol. vi. of the "Histoire de Napoléon" (10 vols., 1834). The revolution of 1830 permitted his return to France, and he lived to become a member of the Imperial Senate under the Second Empire.
He died in Paris on 8 March 1854 in his eighty-ninth year.
Works.
The special value of Thibaudeau's works arises from the fact that he wrote only of those events of which he had personal knowledge, and that he quotes with great accuracy Napoleon's actual words. His "Mémoires sur le Consulat" has been translated into English, with introduction and necessary notes, by G. K. Fortescue with the title of "Bonaparte and the Consulate" (1908). Among the papers left by Thibaudeau were documents entitled "Ma Biographie" and "Mémoires avant ma nomination à la Convention". These were published in a small volume (Paris and Niort, 1875) which includes a list of his works and of the narrative of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="2838808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838808" title="The Calling of St Matthew (Caravaggio)">
The Calling of St Matthew (Caravaggio)

The Calling of Saint Matthew is a masterpiece by Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio, depicting the moment at which Jesus Christ inspires Matthew to follow him. It was completed in 1599-1600 for the Contarelli Chapel in the church of the French congregation, San Luigi dei Francesi in Rome, where it remains today. It hangs alongside two other paintings of Matthew by Caravaggio, "The Martyrdom of Saint Matthew" (painted around the same time as the "Calling") and "The Inspiration of Saint Matthew" (1602).
Commission.
Over a decade before, Cardinal Matthieu Cointerel (in Italian, Matteo Contarelli) had left in his will funds and specific instructions for the decoration of a chapel based on themes related to his namesake, St Matthew. The dome of the chapel was decorated with frescoes by the late Mannerist artist Cavalier D'Arpino, Caravaggio's former employer and one of the most popular painters in Rome at the time. But as D'Arpino became busy with royal and papal patronage, Cardinal Francesco Del Monte, Caravaggio's patron and also the prefect of the Fabbrica of St Peter's (the Vatican office for Church property), intervened to obtain for Caravaggio his first major church commission and his first painting with more than a handful of figures.
The "Calling" hangs opposite "The Martyrdom of Saint Matthew". While the "Martyrdom" was probably the first to be started, the "Calling" was, by report, the first to be completed. The commission for these two lateral paintings — the "Calling" and the "Martyrdom" — is dated July 1599, and final payment was made in July 1600. Between the two, at the altar, is "The Inspiration of Saint Matthew" (1602).
Subject matter.
The painting depicts the story from the Gospel of Matthew (Matthew 9:9): "Jesus saw a man named Matthew at his seat in the custom house, and said to him, "Follow me", and Matthew rose and followed Him." Caravaggio depicts Matthew the tax collector sitting at a table with four other men. Jesus Christ and Saint Peter have entered the room, and Jesus is pointing at Matthew. A beam of light illuminates the faces of the men at the table who are looking at Christ.
Identity of Matthew.
There is some debate over which man in the picture is Saint Matthew, as the surprised gesture of the bearded man at the table can be read in two ways.
Most writers on the "Calling" assume Saint Matthew to be the bearded man, and see him to be pointing at himself, as if to ask "Me?" in response to Christ's summons. This theory is strengthened when one takes into consideration the other two works in this series, "The Inspiration of Saint Matthew", and the "The Martyrdom of Saint Matthew". The bearded man who models as Saint Matthew appears in all three works, with him unequivocally playing the role of Saint Matthew in both the "Inspiration" and the "Martyrdom". It is also possible that the bearded Saint Matthew is pointing to the younger man whose head is slumped, unsure if Christ is summoning him or the younger man, the latter of which is not looking in the direction of Christ.
A more recent interpretation proposes that the bearded man is in fact pointing at the young man at the end of the table, whose head is slumped. In this reading, the bearded man is asking "Him?" in response to Christ's summons, and the painting is depicting the moment immediately before a young Matthew raises his head to see Christ. Other writers describe the painting as deliberately ambiguous.
Style.
The three adjacent Caravaggio canvases in the Contarelli chapel represent a decisive shift from the idealising Mannerism of which d'Arpino was the last major practitioner, to the newer, more naturalistic and subject-oriented art represented by Caravaggio and Annibale Carracci: they were highly influential in their day. 
In some ways, most of the plebeian, nearly life-sized inhabitants of Levi's money table are the equivalent, if not modeled by those persons in other Caravaggio paintings, including Caravaggio's famous secular genre paintings of "The Cardsharps" (1595).
In this painting, the gloom and the canvassed window appears to situate the table indoors. Christ brings the true light to the dark space of the sitting tax-collectors. This painting records the collision of two worlds — the ineluctable power of the immortal faith, and the mundane, foppish, world of Levi. Jesus spears him with a beam of light, with an apparent effortless hand gesture he exerts an inescapable sublime gravity, with no need for wrenching worldly muscularity. Jesus' bare feet are classical simplicity in contrast with the dandified accountants; being barefoot may also symbolize holiness, as if one is on holy ground. Similarly to his treatment of Paul in the "Conversion on the Way to Damascus", Caravaggio chronicles the moment when a daily routine is interrupted by the miraculous. Around the man to become Matthew are either the unperceptive or unperturbed bystanders.
Caravaggio's audience would have seen the similarity between the gesture of Jesus as he points towards Matthew, and the gesture of God as he awakens Adam in Michelangelo's Sistine Chapel. Following the line of Christ's left arm, it seems that Matthew is being invited to follow him into the world at large. "This clear legibility, so different from many Mannerist paintings, ... accounted for the work's enormous popularity." The position of Christ's hand, however, reflects that of Adam's in the Sistine Chapel; the Church considered Christ to be the second Adam.
Responses.
The first two Contarelli paintings were indeed immensely popular, and placed Caravaggio at the forefront of the new naturalistic movement in Rome.
Pope Francis has said that he often went to San Luigi as a young man to contemplate the painting. Referring both to Christ's outstretched arm and Matthew's response, Francis said, "This is me, a sinner on whom the Lord has turned his gaze."
Other paintings of the same topic.
There are many other early modern representations of the calling of Matthew. Two were painted prior to Caravaggio's but it is unlikely that Caravaggio would have encountered them.

</doc>
<doc id="2838818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838818" title="Bekkestua (station)">
Bekkestua (station)

Bekkestua is a station on Kolsås Line of the Oslo Metro situated at Bekkestua in Bærum, Norway.
Located between Egne Hjem and Gjønnes, it was reopened on 15 August 2011 after being closed on 1 July 2006. Between 1 July 2003 and November 2004, Bekkestua was the end station on the Kolsås Line. For a while the station was only being served by the Oslo Tramway line 13, while the station was closed for an upgrade.
Since 2 December 2007 tram operations (line 13) have returned on this line from Jar to Bekkestua. Operations beyond Jar use SL95 trams as there is no turnback loop at Bekkestua. The tram operations were discontinued in 2009, but reopened in the January 2014 after technical difficulties delayed the opening by one month.

</doc>
<doc id="2838825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838825" title="Kamloops Indian Band">
Kamloops Indian Band

The Kamloops Indian Band, also known as the Tk’emlups te Secwepemc, is one of the largest of the 17 groups into which the Secwepemc (Shuswap) nation was divided when the Colony of British Columbia established an Indian reserve system in the 1860s. The Kamloops Indian Band is a First Nations government within the Shuswap Nation Tribal Council, which represents ten of the seventeen Secwepemc band governments, all in the southern Central Interior region, spanning the Thompson and Shuswap districts. 
History.
Even prior to European contact, the Secwepemc settlement Tk'emlups, meaning "river junction," was an economically important centre within the area that later came to be called the British Columbia Interior. The reason was its very favourable location at the confluence of two major navigable rivers, the South Thompson River and the North Thompson. Europeans who settled in the area brought the native name into the English language as Kamloops, which became the name of Fort Kamloops, one of the main posts of the Hudson's Bay Company (originally built by the North West Company). 
Leaders of the Kamloops band of Secwepemc were notable in the history of the colonization of British Columbia. Kwa'lila was a c.1800 chief who invited his better-known nephew Nicola to the Nicola Valley and passed on the mantle of the Kamloops chieftaincy. Nicola was the presiding chief at Kamloops, and also jointly Grand Chief of the Okanagan people, during the Fraser Canyon War and the associated troubles of the Okanagan Trail, and was made a magistrate enforcing British law by Governor James Douglas. Nicola's son Chilliheetza, or Txelexitsa, figured prominently in native/colonist politics in the later 19th Century, as have other chiefs of the Kamloops band since. Other notable Contact-era chiefs were Chief Tranquille and Chief Lolo.
The city of Kamloops is now a major regional urban centre with circa 92,000 residents. The Kamloops Indian Band's business district functions economically as a part of the city, though it is separately administered by the Band. The golf course and resort/recretional community of Sun Rivers is located on the main Kamloops Reserve.
Controversy over the Sun Peaks Resort in regard to native title has involved Kamloops band members.
Demographics.
The Band currently has circa 1,000 members living on and off its reserve. It has active language and cultural programs and its Sk'elep School of Excellence is one of the largest First Nations elementary schools in British Columbia (Sk'elep is the Shuswap language name for "the Trickster", Coyote).
Indian Reserves.
Some of the Indian Reserves under the administration of the Kamloops Band include:

</doc>
<doc id="2838826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838826" title="Cassetteboy">
Cassetteboy

Cassetteboy is an English electronic music and comedy duo, and the stage name of Mark Bolton and Steve Warlin (an author from Brixton). It was only upon the confirmation of their third album's release date in 2008 that they came forward and made their identities known.
Career.
Their initial appearance was on the "Di and Dodi Do Die" 7" Record released in 2000 on the record label Barry's Bootlegs which is somehow related to the electronic music label Spymania. As well as producing two albums of their own, they have appeared on an album with DJ Rubbish entitled "Inside A Whale's Cock Vol 1", which includes humorous cover versions of songs by Alanis Morissette and Jennifer Lopez (a skiffle cover of Jenny from the block), along with a parodical take on a song by The Streets.
Their musical approach can be traced from the origins of sampling, musique concrète and the modern approach sometimes called Plunderphonics. Most pieces are painstakingly constructed from thousands of audio snippets taken from TV, radio, film and popular music; The Parker Tapes was constructed using the laborious, primitive process of manually splicing segments of audio together via a two-deck tape system, or "ghettoblaster"; later albums are constructed digitally using sound editing software.
Their 2008 album, "Carry On Breathing", has been described as "a concept album, but don't worry, it still has knob gags". The concept of this album is that it loosely follows the human life from birth to death, through work, childhood, growing up and depression. This album showcases the most philosophical of their work to date ("The only cure for existence is death") while still being humorous.
One half of Cassetteboy released the book Earth Inc., a satirical novel about consumerism, under the pen name Michael Bollen. The book took six and a half years to write, and was released in 2008.
The context of their work is often political, but always maintains a humorous aspect. Their most watched YouTube video is "Cassetteboy vs The Bloody Apprentice" and currently has had over 5 million views as of July 2014.
Cassetteboy contributed some of the video clips for spoof clip show "2009 Unwrapped with Miranda Hart".
On 7 May 2010, a video clip by Cassetteboy appeared on Friday Night With Jonathan Ross using clips of Alan Sugar.
Cassetteboy is credited on at least one episode of BBC Radio 4's spoof clippings show Listen Against.

</doc>
<doc id="2838827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838827" title="Tigerfibel">
Tigerfibel

The Tigerfibel and Pantherfibel were crew instruction manuals for the German tanks of World War II, the Panzer VI Tiger heavy tank and the Panzer V Panther medium tank.
Like other manuals designated as "Fibel", they were apparently intended to summarise what the crew needed to know for day-to-day use of the tank, and capture their interest. It is well illustrated and much of it is written as poetry in a humorous manner. It is remarkably different from the usual style of a German tank manual of the period, describing its machinery and operations in tedious detail.
The manuals were approved by Heinz Guderian, the Inspector-General of Panzer troops.

</doc>
<doc id="2838831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838831" title="My Wife">
My Wife

"My Wife" is a song by British rock band The Who, written by bassist John Entwistle. It was originally released in 1971 on "Who's Next", and later as the b-side of the popular single "Baba O'Riley" on November 6, 1971 in Europe by Polydor Records.
Background.
"My Wife" was the fourth track on "Who's Next" and was recorded at Olympic Studios sometime in May 1971. While it did appear on "Who's Next" it was thought that it was not a part of the "Lifehouse" project which was confirmed in 2000, when it was not included in Pete Townshend's "Lifehouse Chronicles" box set.
Lyrical meaning.
The song is about a man who went out and got drunk and was gone for a period of time (due to being locked up in the drunk tank) and is in fear of his wife because she thinks he was spending time with another woman. The song drolly describes, in first person, all the things he needs or needs to do to protect himself from her wrath.
Song structure.
"My Wife" is arguably John Entwistle's highlight on "Who's Next" being that he takes on the lead vocals, bass guitar, piano, and horn section.
Unusually, this song does not feature a guitar solo, which is most likely because Entwistle could only "write on bass guitar or in my head, just transfer it to manuscript paper, or piano," and did not play the guitar. Instead of a guitar solo, in the longer breaks between verses there is a horn part by Entwistle. This song is in the key of B major.
"The Kids Are Alright" soundtrack version.
In 1979 "My Wife" was again released as a b-side single, this time to "Long Live Rock". This version was recorded live and released on "The Kids Are Alright". What is rare about this version is that it was the only song released from The Who's 1977 concert at the Kilburn State Theatre in London. The rest of the songs were not released until 2008 on the DVD. The song is unlike the studio version as it has a guitar solo by Townshend but no piano or horns.
Live and compilation appearances.
The song was performed first on the Who's Next Tour and quickly became a live staple until Entwistle's death in 2002. It is featured on the following live and compilation albums by The Who:
John Entwistle solo versions.
In November 1973, John Entwistle re-recorded the song and released it on his third solo album "Rigor Mortis Sets In". A live version of the song was featured on the two-disc compilation album "So Who's the Bass Player? The Ox Anthology" which was released on March 22, 2005.
Reception.
During an interview Pete Townshend described "My Wife" as "the best new rock number on the albumNext."
Critic Mark Deming called "My Wife" the "comic relief" on "Who's Next".
Because of excessive live performances John Entwistle wrote "The Quiet One" to replace this song, although he would still perform the song for his solo career and his later performances with The Who.

</doc>
<doc id="2838836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838836" title="Parks and open spaces in Hillingdon">
Parks and open spaces in Hillingdon

The London Borough of Hillingdon is responsible for 239 parks and open spaces within its boundaries. Since much of the area is within the Green Belt, there are large areas of land properly called open space. They range in size from the Colne Valley corridor to the smallest gardens and playing fields.

</doc>
<doc id="2838844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838844" title="Sergio Alfafara">
Sergio Alfafara

Sergio R. Alfafara (born July 27, 1920) is a Cebuano Visayan writer. He was a parish priest, publisher, and author or translator of religious and missals in Cebuano. He published a grammar of Cebuano known as "Sugboanon nga Gramatika". His pennames included "Napoleon Alferez".

</doc>
<doc id="2838846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838846" title="Stuart Clark">
Stuart Clark

Stuart Rupert Clark (born 28 September 1975, Sutherland, Sydney) is a former Australian cricketer who played for New South Wales and the Australian team. He was a right-arm fast-medium bowler and a fairly competent lower-order batsman. His nickname "Sarfraz" originates from the similarities of his bowling style to Sarfraz Nawaz.
Personal life.
Clark is the son of Anglo-Indian parents, his father Bruce Clark is from Chennai and his mother Mary (née Boosey) is from Karnataka, Bangalore; her family is a famous sporting family.
Clark finished a Master in Commerce (major in finance) in 2009 and then completed a degree in law at the University of Sydney. He worked as a real estate agent for 5 years before he pursued cricket. He is married to Michelle and they have two children Lachlan and Sophie.
He is also a football (soccer) fan and supports Liverpool F.C..
Domestic career.
New South Wales.
Clark started out playing first-grade cricket for Sydney University made his first-class debut with the New South Wales Blues on 4 February 1998 against Tasmania at the Sydney Cricket Ground. He had a poor debut season, taking only 4 wickets at an average of 76.75. The 1998–99 season also saw Clark struggle as he took only 2 wickets at an average of 220.50. After his first 7 first-class matches, Clark averaged 124.66 with the ball. His poor performances led to him being dropped during the 1998–99 season and he did not play a first-class match for over 2 years.
Clark returned for New South Wales in the 2000–01 season and enjoyed a solid comeback season, taking 8 wickets at 25.75 in the 3 matches he played. After these performances, he retained his place in the side for 2001–02, a season which would prove to be his breakthrough one. Clark played 9 matches in the season, taking 45 wickets at an average of 23.26. He claimed four 5 wicket hauls and finished second behind Australian paceman Michael Kasprowicz in the leading wicket-takers list. With a promotion to a national contract, Clark had another strong season for New South Wales in 2002–03 securing 30 wickets at an average of 30.33. While the 2003–04 season was less successful for Clark, taking 23 wickets at 38.26, 2004–05 saw a return to form as he took 40 wickets at 24.77. Clark only played 4 matches for New South Wales in the 2005–06 season yet still managed to take 17 wickets at 22.05.
Clark's full-time call up to the national team in 2006–07 also saw him play fewer matches in the 2006–07 domestic season, yet the three matches he played saw him take 21 wickets at 14.47. During this season, Clark recorded his highest ever first-class score with 62 off 43 balls against South Australia at the Adelaide Oval. Clark bought up his half-century off 34 balls and his innings included 4 sixes and 3 fours. In the same match, Clark claimed his best ever first-class figures at the time, taking 6/39 in South Australia's second innings. In the next match he played for New South Wales, Clark exceeded these figures by taking 8/58 against Western Australia at the WACA Ground. Clark ended up taking 10 wickets for the match, and his first innings figures included a hat-trick, as he took the wickets of Marcus North, Adam Voges and Steve Magoffin in successive deliveries to reduce Western Australia to 4/2.
County Cricket.
He had a run of injuries in 2003–04, but recovered to play first-class cricket for Middlesex in England in 2005.
He played for Hampshire in the 2007 English cricket season.
Retirement.
Clark initially announced his retirement from state cricket in May 2011 but continued playing on a "part-time" basis in the IPL and domestic limited-overs matches while juggling his position as a manager of new Twenty20 franchise Sydney Sixers. He remained in the Blues' team sheet for the 2011-12 season as injury cover before retiring permanently from all cricket in February 2012. He ended his playing career on a high by leading his club side Sydney University to Belvidere Cup triumph.
International career.
Surprise inclusion in squad.
In the 2005 Ashes series, in a shock decision, he was called into the Australia national cricket team squad for the fourth and fifth Tests covering for Glenn McGrath and Brett Lee after they both suffered injuries; however, both McGrath and Lee overcame the injuries early and went on to play. Australia Chairman of selectors Trevor Hohns said: "We consider Stuart to be a similar style bowler to Glenn McGrath ... he is already in England and showing some good form, so we have selected him to provide some cover for the current injuries."
ODI debut.
In October 2005 Clark was again called into the Australian One Day International ICC Super Series squad against the ICC World XI, covering Shaun Tait but did not play in the first match on 5 October. He made his debut later in that series, and also played against New Zealand in the 05/06 Chappell–Hadlee series. He had vindicated the decision of the selectors somewhat with his solid performances in the ODI arena, however many fans expressed disbelief at the fact that Clark was selected ahead of players such as Paul Rofe, Mick Lewis, Jason Gillespie and Andrew Bichel who had been performing to a higher standard at state level. On 23 February 2007, Clark was named in the Australian World Cup Squad as a replacement for the injured Brett Lee.
Early Test career.
On 16 March 2006, Clark was included in the Australian Test squad, replacing Glenn McGrath (who was attending his sick wife Jane) for the tour of South Africa. He made his debut in the first Test at Cape Town. Clark had an immediate impact on the game, dismissing Graeme Smith early in South Africa's innings, on his way to five wickets. He captured another four in the second innings, to finish with match figures of 9/89 and the player of the match award.
In the second Test at Durban, he took four wickets, and in the third Test at Johannesburg, he returned figures of 3/81 and 4/34. Altogether, he was the leading wicket-taker of the series with 20 wickets (at 15.85 average) and was voted player of the series.
As expected Clark warranted selection for the Australian tour of Bangladesh which followed immediately after the South African whitewash However it was a forgettable tour for Clark who managed to pick up just one wicket in the first innings, and was overshadowed by recalled veteran Jason Gillespie. Clark was "released from duty" for the second Test as the Australian selectors decided to replace him with budding spinner Dan Cullen in Chittagong. However at the time, media reports stated that Clark was given compassionate leave to attend the birth of his son – Clark later suggested that the "rest" was not necessary in any case. However by the end of the Bangladesh series, Clark maintained his spot above Jason Gillespie in the pecking order of Australian fast bowlers.
Ashes series 2006–07.
Clark made his Ashes debut at the 'Gabba on 23 November 2006 in the 2006/07 series. In the first Test, he captured seven wickets as England fell to a 277-run defeat and performed similarly well in the second Test where he was the best of the bowlers as Australia triumphed by 6 wickets. Playing the final Test on his home ground in Sydney, Clark took 3 wickets in the first innings before striking 35 runs off only 47 balls with the bat in Australia's first innings.
He ended the series with the most wickets (with 26 at an average of 17) and best strike rate of all bowlers, surpassing even retiring greats Glenn McGrath and Shane Warne.
Post-retirement.
Clark was named general manager of Sydney Sixers in May 2011 and held the position while playing part-time. He stepped down in November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2838853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838853" title="Brígido B. Alfar">
Brígido B. Alfar

Brígido B. Alfar (born February 1, 1907, date of death unknown) is a well-known Cebuano Visayan writer. He was a schoolteacher turned journalist and publisher. He published a literary collection entitled "Mga balud sa paghandum" (1953).

</doc>
<doc id="2838856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838856" title="Jörg Müller">
Jörg Müller

Jörg Müller (born 3 September 1969 in Kerkrade, Netherlands) is a Dutch-born German race driver.
Racing career.
In 1989 Müller won the titles in German Formula Opel Lotus Challenge and in European Formula Ford 1600.
The 1994 German Formula Three Champion won a Supertouring car race for BMW in 1995 and the 1995-1996 Spa 24 Hours as well as the 1996 Formula 3000 Championship for team RSM Helmut Marko Lola-Zytek). He also won the prestigious Macau Grand Prix in 1993.
From 1997 to 1998, Müller was a Formula One testdriver for Arrows and Sauber-Petronas, before joining the BMW-WilliamsF1 project to do tests for engines and Michelin tyres from 1999 to 2001. He never managed to race in Formula One though.
From 1997 to 2000 he was also busy in sportscar racing, with drives for Nissan (and Porsche in the FIA GT Championship, 1998). He was part of the team that were winning the 24 Hours of Daytona in a Porsche 911 GT1 and leading the 1999 24 Hours of Le Mans for 18 hours in a BMW V12 LMR.
In 2000 (BMW V12 LMR) and 2001 (BMW M3 GTR V8), Müller was successful in the American Le Mans Series (ALMS) for BMW and Schnitzer Motorsport.
From the 2002 to 2005 season, Müller drove BMW 3series model E46 touring cars for the Schnitzer-operated works squad "Team Deutschland" (also called "Team Germany") in the FIA European Touring Car Championship (now WTCC). Since 2006, the team uses the new BMW 3series model E90 which is based on the BMW 320si limited edition model that has a 4-cyl engine rather than the usual 6-cyl.
The 2004 24 Hours Nürburgring was won by both Müllers (and Hans-Joachim Stuck) with the BMW M3 GTR V8 that had been raced successfully in the 2001 ALMS. In 2005, the Müllers finished 2nd behind their sister car.
In 2006 Müller finished second in the World Touring Car Championship (WTCC). The following year he finished seventh in the championship. He finished seventh again in 2008 and sixth in 2009.
For 2010 BMW reduced its WTCC squad down to two cars. Müller left the WTCC and became part of BMW's Le Mans Series team. This move brought immediate success in the form of an overall win for Müller at the 24 Hours Nürburgring in a M3 GT2. This victory was shared with Augusto Farfus, Pedro Lamy, and Uwe Alzen. In November Müller teamed up with Dirk Werner at the Intercontinental Le Mans Cup and the pair won the 1000km of Zhuhai for BMW Schnitzer.
From 2012 Müller will be returning to the American Le Mans series sharing a BMW with Uwe Alzen.
Family.
Müller is the son of former European Karting-champion Ewald Müller. He is not related to former team-mate Dirk Müller or to French driver Yvan Muller.
Müller currently resides in Monaco. He has a younger brother, Rainer, and an older sister, Marion.
Racing record.
Complete European Touring Car Championship results.
† — Did not finish the race, but was classified as he completed over 90% of the race distance.
Complete World Touring Car Championship results.
† — Did not finish the race, but was classified as he completed over 90% of the race distance.

</doc>
<doc id="2838860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838860" title="Postbank">
Postbank

Postbank may refer to any of the postal savings systems in these countries:

</doc>
<doc id="2838863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838863" title="Ronald Clark O'Bryan">
Ronald Clark O'Bryan

Ronald Clark O'Bryan (October 19, 1944 – March 31, 1984), nicknamed The Candy Man and The Man Who Killed Halloween, was a former American optician from Deer Park, Texas convicted of killing his eight-year-old son Timothy on Halloween 1974 with potassium cyanide-laced Pixy Stix in order to claim life insurance money. He also distributed poisoned candy to his daughter and three other children in an attempt to cover up his crime; however neither his daughter nor the other children ate the poisoned candy.
Background.
O'Bryan lived with his wife Daynene in Deer Park, Texas with their two children, son Timothy Marc (born in 1966) and daughter Elizabeth (born in 1969). O'Bryan worked as an optician at Texas State Optical, sang in the choir at the Second Baptist Church and was in charge of the local bus program.
Death of Timothy O'Bryan.
On October 31, 1974, O'Bryan and his neighbor Jim Bates took their children trick or treating in a Pasadena, Texas neighborhood. Included in the group was Bates' two children, O'Bryan's two children and another child. After visiting a home where the occupant failed to answer the door, the children ran ahead of Bates and O'Bryan. Bates caught up with the children while O'Bryan stayed behind. He eventually caught up with Bates and the children and produced five, 21 inch Pixy Stix. O'Bryan held on to the Stix as they were too large to fit into the childrens' bags. At the end of the evening, O'Bryan gave two of the Stix to Bates' two children and one to the child who accompanied the group. O'Bryan gave the remaining two to Timothy and Elizabeth. After returning home, Timothy O'Bryan asked to eat some of the candy he collected before bed. He chose the Pixy Stix. Timothy was unable get the powdered candy out of the straw so O'Bryan helped him loosen the powder. After tasting the candy, Timothy complained that it tasted bitter. O'Bryan gave Timothy some Kool-Aid to wash away the bitterness. Timothy immediately began to vomit and convulse. O'Bryan called an ambulance and later claimed he held Timothy who went limp in his arms. Timothy O'Bryan died en route to the hospital less than an hour after consuming the candy.
Timothy's death from poisoned Halloween candy prompted fear in the community. Numerous parents in Deer Park and the surrounding area returned candy their children acquired from trick or treating to police fearing it was laced with poison. Police did not initially suspect O'Bryan of any wrongdoing until Timothy's autopsy revealed that the Pixy Stix he consumed was laced with a fatal dose of potassium cyanide. The five Pixy Stixs O'Bryan claimed to receive were recovered by authorities from Timothy's younger sister, Jim Bates' two children and the fifth child that accompanied the group. None of the other children had consumed the candy. All five of the Pixy Stix had been opened with the top two inches refilled with cyanide powder and were resealed with a staple. According to a pathologist who tested the Pixy Stix, the candy consumed by Timothy contained enough cyanide to kill two adults while the other four candies contained dosages that could kill three to four adults.
O'Bryan initially told police that he could not remember which house he got the Pixy Stix from nor could he remember what the person who gave him the candy looked like. Police became suspicious of O'Bryan's excuses because Bates and O'Bryan had only taken the children to homes on two streets because it had been raining. Their suspicions increased after learning that none of the homes the group had visited had handed out Pixy Stix. After walking the neighborhood with police three times, O'Bryan lead them to the home that the group visited but whose occupant did not answer the door. O'Bryan claimed that he revisited the home before catching up with the group. He said the owner of the home did not turn the lights on but cracked the door and handed him five Pixy Stix. He claimed to have only seen the man's arm. The home was owned by a man named Courtney Melvin. Melvin was an air traffic controller at Hobby Airport and did not get home from work until 11 p.m. on Halloween night. Police ruled Melvin out as a suspect when nearly 200 people confirmed that Melvin was in fact at work.
As their investigation furthered, police learned that Ronald O'Bryan was deeply in debt. He was eight months behind on his car payments and had outstanding debts of almost $100,000. Police also discovered that O'Bryan had taken out life insurance policies on his children in the months proceeding Timothy's death. In January 1974, he had taken out $10,000 life insurance policies on both of his children. One months before Timothy's death, O'Bryan took out additional $20,000 policies on both children, despite the objections of his life insurance agency. In the days preceding Timothy's death, O'Bryan had taken out yet another $20,000 policy on each child. The various policies totaled approximately $60,000. O'Bryan's wife maintained that she did not know about the insurance policies on her childrens' lives. She also told police that her husband could not hold a job; he was reportedly fired from 21 jobs in five years. Police also learned that on the morning after Timothy's death, O'Bryan had called his insurance company to inquire about collecting the policies he had taken out on his son. After learning that O'Bryan had visited a chemical supply store in Houston to buy cyanide shortly before Halloween 1974 (he left without purchasing anything after learning the smallest amount available to purchase was five pounds), police began to suspect that Ronald O'Bryan killed his son. Police theorized that O'Bryan had laced the candies with poison in an effort to kill his children to collect on their life insurance policies. They believed he gave the other children the candy in an effort to cover up his crime (the other four children never consumed the candy). Police repeatedly questioned O'Bryan but he maintained his innocence.
Trial and conviction.
While the case was largely circumstantial as police never discovered when or where O'Bryan bought the poison, he was indicted for one count of capital murder and four counts of attempted murder. He was arrested on November 5, 1974 and entered a plea of not guilty to all five counts. O'Bryan's trial began in Houston on May 5, 1975. During the trial, a chemist who was acquainted with O'Bryan testified that in the summer of 1973, O'Bryan contacted him asking about cyanide and how much would be fatal. A chemical supply salesman also testified that O'Bryan had asked him how to purchase cyanide. Friends and co-workers testified that in the months before Timothy's death, O'Bryan showed an "unusual interest" in cyanide and spoke about how much it would take to kill a person. O'Bryan's sister-in-law and brother-in-law testified that on the day of Timothy's funeral, he spoke of using the money from Timothy's insurance policy to take a long vacation and buy other items. O'Bryan continued to maintain his innocence. His defense mainly drew upon the decades old urban legend concerning a "mad poisoner" who hands out Halloween candy laced with poison or needles or candy apples with razor blades inserted. While this legend is often cited as being true and other cases have been falsely linked to it, there are no documented cases of any such event. The case and subsequent trial garnered nation attention and the press dubbed O'Bryan "The Candyman".
On June 4, 1975, a jury found Ronald O'Bryan guilty and sentenced him to death. Shortly after he was convicted, Daynene O'Bryan filed for divorce. She later remarried and her new husband adopted her daughter Elizabeth.
Death.
Ronald O'Bryan was confined to the Huntsville Unit in Huntsville, Texas. According to Reverend Carroll Pickett, a former chaplain who worked for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice, O'Bryan was shunned and despised by his fellow Death Row inmates for killing a child and was "absolutely friendless". The inmates reportedly petitioned to hold an organized demonstration on O'Bryan's execution date to express their hatred of him.
O'Bryan's first execution date was set for August 8, 1980. His attorney successfully won a 
stay of execution. A second date was scheduled for May 25, 1982. That date was also postponed. A Texas judge scheduled a third execution date for October 31, 1982, the anniversary of Timothy's death. The judge picked the date purposely stating that O'Bryan had "ruined Halloween for everyone". It was to have been the first execution in the United States since 1964 and the first time Texas executed an inmate by lethal injection. The Supreme Court delayed the date yet again to give O'Bryan a chance to pursue an appeal to seek a new trial. A fourth date was scheduled for March 31, 1984. O'Bryan's lawyer sought a fourth stay on the basis that lethal injection was a "cruel and unusual punishment". On March 28, a federal judge rejected the request. On March 31, 1984, shortly after midnight, O'Bryan was executed by lethal injection at the Huntsville Unit. In his final statement, O'Bryan maintained his innocence and stated that he felt the death penalty was "wrong". He added, "...I forgive all - and I do mean all - those who have been involved in my death. God bless you all and may God's best blessings be always yours." During the execution, a crowd of 300 demonstrators gathered outside the prison cheered while some yelled "Trick or treat!". Others showered anti-death penalty demonstrators with candy.
Ronald O'Bryan is buried in Forest Park East Cemetery in Webster, Texas. Timothy is buried in Forest Park Lawndale Cemetery in Houston.

</doc>
<doc id="2838867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838867" title="RRS Charles Darwin">
RRS Charles Darwin

The RRS "Charles Darwin" was a Royal Research Ship belonging to the British Natural Environment Research Council. Since 2006, she has been the geophysical survey vessel, RV "Ocean Researcher",
History.
RRS "Charles Darwin" was built in 1985 by Appledore Shipbuilders in Devon. Named after the eminent English naturalist, she was used primarily for research in oceanography, geology, and geophysics. After 21 years of service, "Charles Darwin" was retired in June 2006, and replaced by the .
Purchased by Gardline Marine Sciences Limited of Great Yarmouth, she was renamed RV "Ocean Researcher", and now conducts geophysical surveys.
Science cruises.
RRS "Charles Darwin" carried out 180 research cruises, worldwide, in her 21 years as a Natural Environment Research Council ship. The first cruise, in 1985, in the Northeast Atlantic, was led by Professor John Gould. Researchers from the National Oceanography Centre, Southampton, studying climate change, have used RRS "Charles Darwin" to investigate the slowing of the Gulf Stream. Her final cruise was a geophysical survey for the British Geological Survey.

</doc>
<doc id="2838880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838880" title="Lopes">
Lopes

Lopes is a surname of Portuguese origin. It was originally a Patronymic, meaning "Son of Lopo", itself being derived from Latin "lupus", meaning "wolf". Its Spanish equivalent is "López", its Italian equivalent is "Lupo", its French equivalent is "Loup", and its Romanian equivalent is "Lupu" or "Lupescu".
The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2838885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838885" title="Jean-Claude Schmitt">
Jean-Claude Schmitt

Jean-Claude Schmitt (born March 4, 1946 in Colmar) is a prominent French medievalist, the former student of Jacques Le Goff. He studies the socio-cultural aspects of medieval history in Western Europe and has made important contributions in his use of anthropological and art historical methods to interpret history. His most significant work has dealt with the relationships among elites and laymen in medieval life, particularly in the realm of religious culture, where he has focused on ideas and topics such as superstition, the occult and heresy in order to flesh out the differing world-views of the lay peasantry and the clerical elites who attempted to define religious practice. He has contributed numerous books, articles and encyclopedia entries on these and related topics. He has also written widely on the cult of saints, the idea of adolescence, visions and dreams, and preaching. 
Among Schmitt's best known works translated in English are "The Holy Greyhound" (1983), about the strange cult of a holy dog in medieval France, and "Ghosts in the Middle Ages" (1998) about notions of death, the afterlife and paranormal visions in medieval culture. Both works are considered important examples of "historical anthropology," or the use of methods and approaches borrowed from anthropology and other social sciences to investigate the past. Schmitt has argued that this has helped correct for the tendency among medievalists in the past to focus on elites, political institutions and narrative history to the exclusion of the lower classes and their less well-documented experiences of life. 
Schmitt is currently Director of Studies at the École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales and directs the society of professional historians, Groupe d'Anthropologie Historique de l'Occident Médiéval.

</doc>
<doc id="2838895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838895" title="ASCOD">
ASCOD

The ASCOD (Austrian Spanish Cooperation Development) armoured fighting vehicle family is the product of a cooperation agreement between Austrian Steyr-Daimler-Puch AG (in 1998 the production of heavy armed vehicles was sold out under the name Steyr-Daimler-Puch Spezialfahrzeug, which is now the producer) and Spanish Santa Bárbara Sistemas (both companies are now divisions of a unit of General Dynamics). The ASCOD family includes the LT 105, a light tank equipped with a 105 mm gun, a SAM launcher, an anti-tank missile launcher, mortar carrier, R&R vehicle, Command & Control vehicle, ambulance, artillery observer, and the AIFV model. In Spanish service the vehicle is called Pizarro, while the Austrian version is called Ulan.
Development history.
The ASCOD was designed to replace the older light armoured fighting vehicles of the Austrian and Spanish armies, such as the M113 armored personnel carrier. The Ulan, the Austrian version of the Pizarro, would provide a flexible complement to their heavy Leopard 2A4. The Ulan would allow the Austrian army to deploy rapidly and effectively over longer distances, especially for foreseeable future operations - such as troubled spots for UN operations. The first prototype of the ASCOD IFV was ready and tested by 1992 and production was possible only four years later. The ASCOD was a very modern solution to bring both the Austrian and Spanish armour up to date. To put this into perspective, the Pizarro project was a part of the greater Project CORAZA (Project Armour) which was to replace Spain's M113 APCs, M60A3s, and M110 artillery pieces. A similar upgrade program was also concurrently underway in Austria. By 2005 the Austrian army was equipped with 112 Ulan vehicles and Spain with 144 (123 IFV and 21 C2V). In 2004 the Spanish Ministry of Defence ordered another 212 Pizarros (170 IFV, 5 C2V, 28 Artillery observation, 8 recovery, 1 Engineering vehicle) for 707.5 million Euros, with up to 356 units total planned. By 2010 the cost of this second batch had increased to €845m.
The ASCOD mounts a 30 mm Mauser cannon in a fully traversable electro-mechanical turret. The 30 mm cannon, stabilized on two planes, is able to fire on the move at a rate of up to 800 rounds per minute. It also carries a 7.62 mm machine gun as a secondary armament, carrying up to 205 rounds for the 30 mm gun and 700 for the 7.62 mm machine gun. This armament is comparable to that of the M2 Bradley and the CV90, and performed well in a Norwegian vehicles trial, although it ultimately lost to the Swedish CV90. The gun uses the Mk-10 fire control system from Indra, which has a full solution digital ballistic computer, day channel, thermal channel and laser rangefinder. Future versions of the Mk-10 will be fitted with a new VC2 thermal imager. The ASCOD Pizarro is also very well armoured, with a thick steel armour casing protected against up to 14.5 mm bullets at 500 meters, with all around protection against 7.62 mm ammunition. Furthermore, the turret has two grenade launchers on either side to fire smoke grenades. The Pizarro is also fitted with limited amounts of SABBLIR reactive armour and might be upgraded with more later. However, with appliqué steel plates fitted it can be protected against 30 mm armour-piercing discarding sabots (APDS).
Additional ballistic protection is available against up to 30mm APFDS (Armour Piercing Fin Stabilised Discarding Sabot) rounds fired from a 1,000m range over the forward 60° arc, and all round protection against 14.5mm armour piercing incendiary (API) rounds from a range of 500m. 
In terms of mobility, the Spanish Pizarro is fitted with a engine, while the Austrian Ulan includes a engine. The smaller Spanish engine gives it a power-to-weight ratio of 21, and the larger engine one of 25, offering both vehicles excellent mobility. Both versions use a Renk HSWL 106C hydro-mechanical transmission, and torsion bar suspension. The Pizarro can go a maximum speed of 70 km/h, and a maximum reverse speed of 35 km/h. 
Currently Steyr-Daimler-Puch Spezialfahrzeuge is developing an improved version called Ulan 2, which features the Russian BMP-3 turret and additional armour.
In June 2008, GDELS, in conjunction with KMW, announced Donar, a medium-weight 155 mm self-propelled artillery system based on the KMW PzH 2000 artillery system integrated with the ASCOD 2 chassis. A prototype has begun mobility and firing trials in Germany.
Deployment History.
ASCOD entered service with the Spanish and Austrian armies in 2002. The British army is to receive the first ASCOD SV in 2015.
To date, the ASCOD has not seen combat.
Variants.
ASCOD Pizarro.
ASCOD Pizarro is built by Santa Bárbara Sistemas. It has multiple variants.
ASCOD Ulan.
ASCOD Ulan is built by Steyr-Daimler-Puch Spezialfahrzeuge. It includes a more powerful 530 kW engine, and a different fire control system built by Kollsman.
ASCOD SV.
ASCOD SV (also called the ASCOD 2 SV) is the ASCOD variant chosen for the British Army’s Specialist Vehicle Programme, and will be built by General Dynamics UK. The overall program has three blocks. The first, Recce Block 1 comprises four variants: 
These vehicles are the replacements for CVR(T) Scimitar, Spartan and Samson.
Recce Block 2 is expected to include ambulance, engineer reconnaissance and command & control replacements for CVR(T) Samaritan and Sultan. 
The ASCOD SV is planned to include the following upgrades:
The vehicle normal combat weight is 34 tonnes.

</doc>
<doc id="2838900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838900" title="Soz">
Soz

Soz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2838909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838909" title="Soz River">
Soz River

Soz River can mean the fllowing:

</doc>
<doc id="2838928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838928" title="Kaufungen">
Kaufungen

Kaufungen is a municipality in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated in the narrow valley of the river Losse, surrounded by the steep, wooded hills of the Kaufunger Wald, approx. 10 kilometres east of Kassel.
Geography.
Division of the municipality.
The town is centred upon the historic villages of Oberkaufungen and Niederkaufungen, which are joined by modern housing developments to form a significant conurbation. The municipality of Kaufungen also includes Kaufungen-Papierfabrik, a largely industrial area on the eastern fringes of Kassel.
History.
The first historical reference to Coufunga was in 1011, when it was in use as a royal court. However, the extant "St. Georgskapelle" (St George's Chapel) is believed to be rather older, probably dating from the 10th century.
In 1017 Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor and his queen Cunigunde of Luxemburg founded Kaufungen Abbey, a Benedictine convent, perched on the steep edge of the Losse valley above what is now the centre of Oberkaufungen. Upon the death of her husband, Cunigunde entered the convent, and lived there until her death in 1033 or 1039. The Reformation brought the closure of the convent in 1527, but the large church (the "Stiftskirche") is still standing and in use as a parish church today. At various points in its history, Kaufungen has been a local centre for mining, glass-making, charcoal burning, forestry and paper manufacture.
The farming settlement of Niederkaufungen, situated slightly downriver where the narrow Losse valley begins to open out into the wide, flat plain of the Fulda, is of more recent origin. In 1970 the villages of Nieder- and Oberkaufungen formally merged to form the present municipality. Since 1974, the Stiftskirche has played host to the "Kaufunger Konzerte" series of classical music concerts.
Points of interest.
Both Nieder- and Oberkaufungen have historic village centres, with well-preserved half-timbered houses. The main attraction in Oberkaufungen is the early eleventh century "Stiftskirche" church which hosts regular classical music concerts. Just behind it lies in the smaller but older St George's Chapel, which is believed to date from the tenth century. Oberkaufungen also has two museums: the "Alte Schule" (Old School) museum documents the history of the town from the Middle Ages until the present day, while the "Roßgang" mining museum features reconstructions of historical mining scenes. Niederkaufungen is the site of the Kommune Niederkaufungen, one of Germany's largest intentional communities. Located within Oberkaufungen, there is an authentic Italian Ice shop, Eis Cafe Cortina.
Transportation.
The A7 Autobahn forms the border between Kaufungen-Papierfabrik and the city of Kassel. The B7 trunk road skirts the town on its way to Eisenach, and provides easy access to Nieder- and Oberkaufungen.
Kaufungen no longer has a passenger railway service, but instead is connected to Kassel's tram network. The frequent number 4 service runs directly to the city centre and onwards to the mainline railway station at "Wilhelmshöhe". In the other direction, the tram line continues up the Losse valley through Helsa to its end in Hessisch Lichtenau.
Through the centre of Niederkaufungen the railway and tram lines run together in an unusual six-rail gauntlet track configuration, which allows a narrow tram-train to reach the platform, but still allows space for mainline freight trains down the centre.
Kaufungen is situated on the "Märchenlandweg" (literally: "fairy tale way"), a long distance footpath and riding and cycle way.

</doc>
<doc id="2838937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838937" title="Schempp-Hirth Janus">
Schempp-Hirth Janus

The Schempp-Hirth Janus is a high performance two-seat glider that was built by Schempp-Hirth GmbH.
Design and development.
The design was by Dipl-Ing Klaus Holighaus and the prototype first flew in May 1974. The production examples incorporated several improvements in January 1975. The Janus has a glass-fibre monocoque fuselage similar to that of the Nimbus-2 but the cockpit section is lengthened to accommodate the two pilots in tandem with dual controls under a right-hand side hinged one-piece canopy. Landing gear consists of either a non-retractable main wheel (Janus A, B & C) or a retractable main wheel (later models of Janus C and all Ce's) with a drum or disc brake, and a nose-wheel. The two-piece wings have 2° forward sweep on the leading edge, and have camber-changing flaps which are operated between +12° and -7°. The Janus has upper surface airbrakes, and although uncommon the Janus C could also be fitted with a tail parachute. 
Production.
100 Januses were built by early 1980 plus three motorised Janus CMs. It is particularly suitable for cross-country instruction and training to fly flapped gliders.
Variants.
The Janus B was produced from March 1978. It has a fixed-incidence tailplane instead of the all-moving type previously fitted. The Janus C has carbon-fibre wings of 20 m span and a carbon-fibre tailplane. The Janus Ce was certified in 1991 and incorporated modifications to the cockpit and fin.
The Janus M is a motorised version with a Rotax engine mounted on a pylon aft of the cockpit and retracting into the fuselage. The prototype first flew in 1978.
The French developed the Janus as the SCAP–Lanaverre SL-2. (SCAP is the Société de Commercialisation Aéronautique du Plessis SàRL with Lanaverre Industries) It first flew in 1977. The main differences from the Janus A are the provision for water ballast in the wings, a fixed tailplane with elevators, and a more comfortable cockpit.

</doc>
<doc id="2838947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838947" title="André Parmentier (landscape architect)">
André Parmentier (landscape architect)

André Joseph Ghislain Parmentier, also known as Andrew Parmentier (Enghien (Belgium) 3 July 1780 – Brooklyn 27 November 1830) is the one of a generation of American landscape designers who arrived from Europe in the early years after Independence (not to be confused with the French promoter-inventor of the potato Antoine-Augustin Parmentier). Many of these designers, including William Russell Birch and George Isham Parkyns, also practiced landscape depiction, reinforcing the picturesque connection of landscape art as both making and representing places.
He married Sylvie Parmentier (1793–1882) on 3 May 1813 at Tubize, Belgium.
After some bad business adventures in Belgium, and with some help of his brothers, André Parmentier moved to the United States in 1821.
He lived in Brooklyn, where he was active in horticulture with a lot of success. One of his creations is a garden of 120.000 m².
In 1828 he published his "Periodical catalogue of fruit & ornamental trees and shrubs, green-house plants, etc.. Cultivated and for sale at The Horticultural and Botanic Garden of Brooklyn, corner of the Jamaica and Flatbush roads, about 2 miles from the city of New-York" With, a.o., a plan and description of the garden.

</doc>
<doc id="2838952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838952" title="Gaylussacia">
Gaylussacia

Gaylussacia is a genus of about fifty species of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae, native to the Americas, where they occur in eastern North America (eight species) and in South America in the Andes (seven species) and the mountains of southeastern Brazil (the remaining thirty-five species). Common English names include huckleberry (shared with plants in several other genera) and "dangleberry".
Ecology.
"Gaylussacia" species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including "Coleophora gaylussaciella" (which feeds exclusively on "Gaylussacia") and "Coleophora multicristatella".
"Gaylussacia" plants are often a component of an oak-heath forest. They are deciduous or evergreen shrubs growing to a height of .
Classification.
"Gaylussacia" is named in honor of the French chemist Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac (1778–1850). It is closely related to "Vaccinium", and it is still unclear whether the commonly understood line between "Vaccinium" and "Gaylussacia" is justified. A 2002 paper found that molecular data did not support past divisions of "Gaylussacia" into sections.
Species.
"Gaylussacia frondosa" is found in the eastern United States. It ranges from New Hampshire down towards the lower Mississippi region. This deciduous species flowers from June to July. Its berries are a dark blue color and are found on short, drooping stalks. This plant is an important source for wildlife food in the New England area.

</doc>
<doc id="2838955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838955" title="Foreign Affairs Council">
Foreign Affairs Council

The Foreign Affairs Council is a configuration of the Council of the European Union and meets once a month. Meetings bring together the Foreign Ministers of the Member States. Ministers responsible for European Affairs, Defence, Development or Trade also participate depending on the items on agenda. The configuration is unique in that is chaired by the High Representative rather than the Presidency of the Council of the European Union.
It was created in 2009 by the Treaty of Lisbon by splitting it from the "General Affairs and External Relations Council" with the other part becoming the General Affairs Council. The General and Foreign Councils are the only two Councils mentioned in the EU treaties.
At its sessions, the Council deals with the whole of the EU's external action, including Common Foreign and Security Policy, Common Security and Defence Policy, foreign trade and development cooperation. A priority in recent years for the Council, in cooperation with the European Commission, has been to ensure coherence in the EU's external action across the range of instruments at the EU's disposal.

</doc>
<doc id="2838962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838962" title="Romance of Thebes">
Romance of Thebes

Romance of Thebes is a literary subject that has been treated in several languages.
French.
"Le Roman de Thèbes" is a poem of some 10,000 lines that appears to be based, not on the "Thebaid" of Statius, but on an abridgment of that work. This view is supported by the omission of incidents and details which, in spite of the altered conditions under which the poem was composed, would naturally have been preserved in any imitation of the "Thebaid", while again certain modifications of the version of Statius can hardly be due to the author's invention but point to an ancient origin. 
As in other poems of the same kind, the marvellous disappears; the Greeks adopt the French methods of warfare and the French code of chivalric love. The Roman dates from the 12th century (c. 1150-55), and is written, not in the tirades of the "chansons de geste", but in octosyllabic rhymed couplets. It was once attributed to Benoît de Sainte-Maure; but all that can be said is that the "Thebes" is prior to the "Roman de Troie", of which Benoît was undoubtedly the author. 
The "Thebes" is preserved also in several French prose redactions, the first of which, printed in the 16th century under the name of "Edipus", belongs to the early years of the 13th century, and originally formed part of a compilation of ancient history, "Histoire ancienne jusqu'à Caesar". The first volume of "Les histoires de Paul Crose traduites en français" contains a free and amplified version of the "Thebes".
English.
The "Siege of Thebes", written about 1420 by John Lydgate as a supplementary "Canterbury Tale", was printed by Wynkyn de Worde about 1500.
Anglo-Norman.
From the "Roman de Thebes" also were possibly derived the "Ipomedon" and its sequel "Protheselaus", two "romans d'aventures" written about the end of the 12th century by Hue de Rotelande, an Anglo-Norman poet who lived in Credenhill, near Hereford. The author asserts that he translated from a Latin book lent him by Gilbert Fitz-Baderon, 4th lord of Monmouth, but in reality he has written romances of chivalry on the usual lines, the names of the characters alone being derived from antiquity.

</doc>
<doc id="2838965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838965" title="Fang La">
Fang La

Fang La (died 1121) was a rebel leader who lived during the Song Dynasty. He is also featured as one of the antagonists and nemesis of the 108 Liangshan heroes in "Water Margin", one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.
Biography.
Fang La was a native of Shezhou (present-day She County, Anhui). However, some claimed that he was from Qingxi, Muzhou (present-day Chun'an County, Hangzhou). In 1120, Fang La led an uprising against the Song Dynasty in Qixian Village, Shezhou. Others claimed that he started the rebellion in Wannian Village, Chun'an County. Fang La's forces conquered Hangzhou and subsequently took control over parts of present-day Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui and Jiangxi, with a total of 52 counties and six administrative divisions.
In 1121, the imperial court sent general Wang Yuan to lead an army to crush the rebellion. Wang Yuan's subordinate, Han Shizhong, disguised himself and infiltrated Qingxi and captured Fang La. Later, Xin Xingzong, the defending general of Zhongzhou, led his army to block the exit route of Qingxi and took control of Qingxi. Fang La and 52 of his subordinates were captured and escorted to the capital Kaifeng by Tong Guan. Four months later, Fang La was executed in Kaifeng on a charge of treason.
By 1132-1133 or later, the rebellion was linked to Manichaeism. Though not having original connection, in the public and historical conscience it became confused with the Taizhou unrest of April–June 1121, where Manichaeism was widespread.
In fiction.
The classical novel "Water Margin" presents a semi-fictional account of Fang La and his battle with the Liangshan outlaws. The outlaws are granted amnesty by Emperor Huizong of Song after defeating the imperial army five times. The emperor sends the Liangshan heroes on military campaigns to suppress rebel forces within the empire and defeat the Liao Dynasty in the north. Fang La is one of the rebel leaders based in the Jiangnan region.
Whilst the Liangshan forces suffered hardly any casualties in the campaigns against the Liao Dynasty, Tian Hu and Wang Qing, the campaign against Fang La proved to be calamitous. 59 of the original 108 heroes were killed in action, mostly by Fang's warriors, whose combat skills and abilities rival the best of Liangshan. Unlike the other rebels who do not have good leadership and experience, Fang La has rebelled for a long time and rivals the power of the Liangshan heroes.
Fang La is eventually captured by the Liangshan heroes after an elaborate infiltration scheme involving Chai Jin and Yan Qing. During his escape attempt, he is defeated by Lu Zhishen and escorted back to the capital by imperial troops under the command of Tong Guan. Four months later, Fang La is found guilty of treason and executed by slow slicing in Kaifeng.

</doc>
<doc id="2838975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838975" title="Bruce Bouillet">
Bruce Bouillet

Bruce "Einstein" Bouillet (; born February 3, 1965, in Memphis, TN) is a guitarist who played in the bands Racer X, The Scream, DC-10, and Epidemic.
Racer X.
Bouillet played on Racer X's "Second Heat", "Live Extreme - Vol.I", and "Live Extreme - Vol. II." After leaving the band, he joined former Angora singer John Corabi, and his former Racer X bandmates John Alderete and Scott Travis to form the band The Scream. Scott Travis soon left to join Judas Priest and was replaced by Walt Woodward III. After several attempts to keep the group together, the band broke up.
2001-present.
Bouillet formed the band Epidemic on Elektra Records in 2001. In 2002, the band released an album. They toured as the opening act for Nickelback, Sinch, Seether, Jerry Cantrell, Default, and other bands. In 2003, the band had a song on the "Madden NFL: 2003" video game. That same year, the group disbanded.
After Epidemic, Bouillet produced theme music for World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) wrestler, Triple H. The WWE album went gold. In 2005, Bouillet won a Grammy for his work with Bob Kulick on the production, recording, and mixing Motörhead's cover of Metallica's "Whiplash".
From 2005-2007, he joined with Bottom Dwellerz Productions and co-produced the Bottom Dwellerz album.
It was announced on 8/9/2011 that Bouillet had become the new guitarist of Asia, featuring John Payne.
G3 Tour.
Bouillet completed a G3 tour that featured Paul Gilbert, John Petrucci, and Joe Satriani. Bouillet was in Gilbert's band for the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="2838997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838997" title="4409 Kissling">
4409 Kissling

4409 Kissling is the name given to an asteroid discovered by Alan C. Gilmore and Pamela M. Kilmartin, in 1989. It is named after Dr. Warwick Kissling, an amateur astronomer and mathematical modeller from Wellington, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="2839007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839007" title="Palm Multi-Connector">
Palm Multi-Connector

The Palm Multi-Connector (also Athena Connector) is a power, audio and data interface connector designed by Palm, Inc.
Use.
The connector is used by: LifeDrive, Tungsten E2, Tungsten T5, Treo 650, Treo 680, Treo 700p, Treo 750, Palm TX, Palm Centro.
Changes.
Palm, Inc. has changed the connectors it uses over time:
The Connector can be used to charge the device, transfer data to a computer, HotSync, and play audio. It is the new standard to replace the previous Palm Universal Connector, which performed similar functions but did not have an audio output capability.
This port has also been used to connect to an external microphone or to GPS units
Specification.
The connector is divided in two sections: the longer one has thirteen pins numbered from right to left (5 to 17); the shorter one has three pins, on the left (3), top (2) and right (1). The cable shield connectors (4,18) are located on each side of the thirteen pins.
Pins 10 and 11 have TTL levels and cannot be directly connected to the RS232 port.
Opinion.
The Multi-Connector has received criticism from users who were familiar with previous connectors such as the Universal Connector. Users have been frustrated with the requirement to update their Universal Connector cables, cradles, keyboards, sleds, and attachments as they have become incompatible. Another criticism is that the connector is fiddly, harder to remove and feels fragile.
All that is needed to charge the Treo is to connect +5 V to VDOCK and 0 V (negative) to VDOCK_RTN.

</doc>
<doc id="2839012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839012" title="Schempp-Hirth Standard Cirrus">
Schempp-Hirth Standard Cirrus

The Standard Cirrus is a German Standard-class glider built by Schempp-Hirth. The Standard Cirrus was produced between 1969 and 1985.
Development.
The Standard Cirrus was designed by Dipl. Ing. Klaus Holighaus and flew for the first time in March 1969. It is a Standard Class glider with a 15 metre span and no camber-changing flaps. The all-moving tailplane, a feature of many designs of that period due to its theoretically higher efficiency, caused less than desirable high-speed stability characteristics, and so modifications were made to the early design. Even so, the glider is still very sensitive in pitch.
Improvements were made with the Standard Cirrus 75. These included better air-brakes with an increased frontal area. By April 1977, when production by Schempp-Hirth ended, a total of 700 Standard Cirruses had been built, including 200 built under licence by Grob between 1972 and July 1975. A French firm, Lanaverre Industrie, had also built 38 Standard Cirruses under licence by 1979. VTC of Yugoslavia also licence-built Standard Cirruses, reaching approximately 100 by 1985.
All models of Cirrus have proved very popular in recent years in Club Class Competitions worldwide.
The Cirrus was superseded by the Discus in 1984.
Variants.
The Cirrus B is based on the Standard Cirrus 75 but with interchangeable wingtips giving a span of either 15m or 16m.
The two Cirrus K have a reduced span (12.6m), larger ailerons, a cross tail with larger elevator, and a strengthened fuselage which make them suitable for aerobatics. This modification was initiated by Wilhelm Düerkop in the late 1980s. Wolfgang Seitz took part in the 1995 World Glider Aerobatic Championships with a Cirrus K.
The last Cirrus model was the G/81 built by VTC until 1985. This incorporated a longer fuselage and canopy, and a conventional tailplane and elevator with the wings of the Cirrus 75.

</doc>
<doc id="2839017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839017" title="Darnell McDonald">
Darnell McDonald

Darnell Tyrone McDonald (born November 17, 1978) is a former American professional baseball outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball for the Baltimore Orioles, Minnesota Twins, Cincinnati Reds, Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees, and Chicago Cubs.
Professional career.
Baltimore Orioles.
In 1997, McDonald was drafted by the Baltimore Orioles 26th overall in the first round in the amateur entry draft. He began his professional career with Single-A Frederick, but after four games and two stolen bases there, he moved to Single-A Delmarva. In 134 games with Delmarva, he stole 35 bases and hit .261. His 35 stolen bases were a professional career high for him. He stayed with Single-A Frederick for the entire 1999 season, and in 130 games, he stole 26 bases and hit .266. He earned a promotion to Double-A Bowie in 2000, with whom he hit .242 in 116 games, and stealing 11 bases.
In 2001, McDonald played in Double-A Bowie and Triple-A Rochester, where he hit .238 and stole 13 bases in 104 games. He began the season with Bowie again and hit .292 and stole 9 bases in 37 games. He was again promoted to AAA Rochester, where he hit .289. In 2007, he was traded to the Minnesota Twins and re-united with the Red Wings.
He spent his entire 2003 season with the Ottawa Lynx, who were the Orioles Triple-A team. He played 40 games that year, and hit .296. McDonald's 2004 season was subpar, he hit only .234 with Ottawa. It led to a promotion to the Baltimore Orioles, and while with them, McDonald hit .156 in 32 at bats (17 games).
Cleveland Indians.
On January 26, 2005, McDonald was signed by the Cleveland Indians to a minor league contract. He played 26 games with the Triple-A Buffalo Bisons, and then went over to the Devil Rays Triple-A team, the Durham Bulls.
On May 6, 2005, McDonald was suspended for violating the Minor League Drug Prevention and Treatment Program.
Minnesota Twins.
On June 24, 2007, McDonald was sent to the Minnesota Twins by the Washington Nationals in order for the Nationals to keep Rule 5 draft pick Levale Speigner. Speigner was then outrighted to Triple A Columbus by the Nationals.
On July 20, 2007, McDonald was called up to the Twins when Michael Cuddyer was placed on the disabled list. He became a free agent at the end of the season and signed with the Cincinnati Reds in December.
Cincinnati Reds.
On April 6, 2009, he made the opening day roster for the Cincinnati Reds. On August 30, 2009, he hit his first major league home run against the Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw.
Boston Red Sox.
In 2010, he joined the Boston Red Sox organization. In April, McDonald's contract was purchased by the major-league club from Triple-A Pawtucket after Jacoby Ellsbury went on the disabled list. On April 20, 2010, McDonald pinch hit in the bottom of the 8th inning with the Red Sox against the Texas Rangers, and hit a game tying home run. He became the 9th player to hit a home run for the Red Sox in his first Red Sox at bat. He was only the third person ever to pinch hit for the Red Sox and have his first hit be a home run. His home run over the Green Monster tied the game at 6-6 in the eighth, and in the bottom of the ninth, he added a game-winning hit off the Green Monster to lead the Red Sox to a walk-off win against the Rangers, 7–6. He also became the first ever member of the Red Sox to collect a game-ending RBI in his debut with the club, according to the "Elias Sports Bureau". He also threw out a runner and hit his second home run as a Red Sox in only his second game.
Prior to joining Boston, McDonald had two home runs in 147 major league at-bats. He hit 9 homers in his first season with the Red Sox. McDonald made the opening day roster for the Red Sox in 2011, and served as utility outfielder.
On May 6, 2012, McDonald came in to pitch the top of the 17th inning against the Baltimore Orioles. He walked two, gave up a double and allowed a three-run home run by Adam Jones before retiring Chris Davis, an Orioles outfielder who was the winning pitcher of record that evening. McDonald committed a double play before becoming the losing pitcher when Boston lost 6-9 in 17 innings. McDonald had made only one previous relief appearance in his career, during the 2011 season, in which he posted a no decision.
On June 30, 2012, McDonald was designated for assignment to make room for the returning Josh Beckett.
New York Yankees.
On July 4, 2012, McDonald was claimed off waivers by the New York Yankees. McDonald made his Yankee debut on July 7, 2012 against his former club, the Boston Red Sox. Because of this, the Red Sox were forced to change all of their signs for the series.
In accordance with the Yankees' appearance policies, he cut off his trademark dreadlocks and offered to donate them to charity. He was demoted to the Scranton Wilkes-Barre Yankees on July 17, and elected free agency on October 6, 2012.
Chicago Cubs.
On January 10, 2013, McDonald signed a minor league contract with the Chicago Cubs. He was promoted from the Iowa Cubs minor league club to Chicago on August 11, 2013. He was outrighted off the roster on October 9, 2013. He announced his retirement on his Instagram page on April 6, 2014. On April 15, 2014, it was announced that he was hired by the Cubs as a baseball operations assistant.
Personal.
His brother, Donzell McDonald, is a former outfielder, and his cousin, James McDonald, is a pitcher for the Chicago Cubs. Darnell attended Cherry Creek High School, in Greenwood Village, CO

</doc>
<doc id="2839024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839024" title="Jean Vauquelin de la Fresnaye">
Jean Vauquelin de la Fresnaye

Jean Vauquelin de la Fresnaye (or de La Fresnaye) (1536–1608) was a French poet born at the château of La Fresnaye-au-Sauvage in Normandy in 1536.
He studied the humanities at Paris and law at Poitiers and Bourges. He fought in the Wars of Religion under the maréchal de Matignon and was wounded at the siege of Saint-Lô (1574). Most of his life was spent at Caen, where he was president, and he died there in 1608.
La Fresnaye was a disciple of Ronsard, but, while praising the reforms of the Pléiade he laid stress on the continuity of French literary history. He was a student of the trouvères and the old chroniclers, and desired to see French poetry set on a national basis. These views he expounded in an "Art poetique", begun at the desire of Henry III in 1574, but not published until 1605.
His "Forestries" appeared in 1555; his "Diverses poésies", including the "Art poétique", the "Satyres françoises", addressed to various distinguished contemporaries, and the "Idylles", with some epigrams and sonnets, appeared in 1605. Among his political writings in the context of the civil wars may be noted "Pour la monarchie du royaume contre la division" (1569).

</doc>
<doc id="2839031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839031" title="Daniel Henney">
Daniel Henney

Daniel Phillip Henney (; born November 28, 1979) is an American actor of Korean and Irish descent and model, known for starring in films such as "Seducing Mr. Perfect" (2006), "My Father" (2007), "" (2009), "Shanghai Calling" (2012) and "The Last Stand" (2013).
Life and career.
Daniel Henney was born to a Korean adoptee mother and an American father of Irish descent in Carson City, Michigan. Daniel Henney started modeling in the U.S. in 2001 and worked in France, Italy, Hong Kong and Taiwan while attending college. After his debut in South Korea with an advertisement for the Amore Pacific's cosmetic "Odyssey Sunrise", he became a spokesperson for commercials with Jeon Ji-hyun for Olympus cameras and Kim Tae-hee for Daewoo Electronics's Klasse air conditioners.
Despite speaking no Korean, Henney became a household name through the South Korean hit TV drama, "My Name is Kim Sam Soon". He played the role of Dr. Henry Kim, a surgeon who is devotedly in love with Hee-jin (played by Jung Ryeo-won. Sam Soon was the most popular Korean drama in 2005; although Henney was starring as the supporting actor, his performance and look was widely noticed.
Henney then starred in another drama “Spring Waltz” in 2006. He later learned the language and appeared on a few variety shows, such as Family Outing. Henney was a part of an academic scandal in which many sources stated that he had an Economics degree from the University of Illinois at Chicago, while in actuality he had no college degree.
Henney starred in his first feature film in Korea, "Seducing Mr. Perfect." His second film, "My Father," won multiple awards in South Korea and was actually the first time in that country's history that a foreigner swept all the major cinema awards in the Best New Actor category.
In 2009, he portrayed Agent Zero in the film "". In the fall season of 2009, he played "Dr. David Lee" in the CBS television drama "Three Rivers".
In 2010, Henney returned to South Korea television for KBS2's "", alongside Bi Rain and actress Lee Na Young.
Henney is signed with DNA Models in New York under the celebrity-division.

</doc>
<doc id="2839033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839033" title="Botallack Mine">
Botallack Mine

The Botallack Mine () is a former mine in Botallack in west Cornwall, United Kingdom. 
The village is in a former tin mining area situated between the town of St Just in Penwith and the village of Pendeen. 
Crown Mines, former tin mines, are low down the cliffs north of Botallack. There are two engine houses here and the mine extends for about 400 metres out under the Atlantic ocean; the deepest shaft is 250 fathoms (about 500m) below sea level. 
The mine ruins in the area are protected by the National Trust. There are two arsenic works opposite the Botallack Mine count house. At the top of the cliffs there are also the remains of one of the mine's arsenic-refining works.
The BBC television series Poldark was filmed partly in Botallack, using Manor Farm as Nampara. 
The mining developments around Botallack form part of the St Just mining district's successful inclusion in the Cornwall and West Devon Mining Landscape World Heritage site which was approved in July 2006.
The mineral Botallackite has its type locality here.

</doc>
<doc id="2839038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839038" title="Liwayway">
Liwayway

Liwayway (Tagalog word meaning "dawn") is a leading Tagalog weekly magazine published in the Philippines since 1922. It contains Tagalog serialized novels, short stories, poetry, serialized comics, essays, news features, entertainment news and articles, and many others. In fact, it is the oldest Tagalog magazine in the Philippines. Its sister publications are Bannawag, Bisaya Magasin, and Hiligaynon.
History.
The magazine had its beginning back 1922 when "Don" Ramon Roces, the eldest son of Ramon Roces, introduced it after the ill-fated Photo News had declined in the market.
"Don" Ramon Roces, a prominent man in the publishing business, first conceived "Photo News". It was a magazine with its own style, carrying three languages (Spanish, Tagalog and English). The idea to have three languages in one magazine was to allow it to cater to all types of readers (Spanish and Spanish-speaking readers, English, American, and English-speaking readers, and Tagalog language and Filipino readers.
Unfortunately, the trilingual magazine was not well-received because some readers did not want to waste their money reading something they did not understand.
The sales of the magazine gradually declined and this emotionally affected "Don" Ramon Roces, but he did not give up. When he returned to Manila from Mindanao, he introduced another magazine patterned after "Photo News". Unlike "Photo News", the magazine concentrated, however, on making Tagalog (now Filipino) its medium, and outpouring support from the reading public was felt when its maiden issue was finally launched in the market.
The magazine was named "Liwayway", meaning dawn. It made significant contribution to the field of literature when it introduced the popular masterpieces of great Filipino poets and writers like Jose Corazon de Jesus, Florentino Collanates, Julian Cruz Balmaceda, Cecilio Apostol Borromeo, Lope K. Santos, Inigo Ed Regalado, Romualdo Ramos, Francisco Lacsamana, Fausto Galauran and Pedrito Reyes, the son of Severino Reyes who later succeeded him as the editor of "Liwayway".
"Liwayway" became even more popular in the following years and "Don" Ramon Roces decided to launch sister magazines. This gave birth to other vernacular magazines like Bisaya in 1932, Hiligaynon (Western Bisaya dialect) in 1934, Bikolano in 1935, and the Ilocano Bannawag in 1940. Liwayway Extra was also launched in 1936, a thicker monthly supplement of "Liwayway".
In 1945 during the Liberation of Manila, the combined US and Philippine Commonwealth ground troops to fought by the Japanese forces around the battles in the city, the Japanese Imperial Army took over the supervision of "Liwayway" and named it "Manila Simbunsiya". The Japanese military had hidden agenda: to use the magazine in their military campaign after occupying the Philippines. Later following that period, the "Liwayway" publication and its management was returned to "Don" Ramos Roces.
The publication was later sold to Hanz Menzi when old "Don" Ramon Roces retired from publishing business in 1965, but the sudden change in the management of the magazine had a sever impact on the magazine. Its sales declined until Menzi decided to sell the magazine to Manila Bulletin Publishing Corporation.
The management of the "Manila Bulletin" aimed to preserve the legacy of "Liwayway" while reformatting the magazine with its modern digital technology. Thus, a new image of "Liwayway" was born.
New Image.
The magazine has a glossy colorful cover and pages were reduced down to 48; the size, however, is made bigger by 1 inch than the normal size of the old "Liwayway".
The content was also improved with exciting novels by veteran writers like Efren Abueg, Elena Patron, Gilda Olvidado, and Lualhati Bautista. It also carried work in different categories like Short Story (Maikling Kuwento), Children's Story (Kuwentong Pambata), Horror Story (Kuwentong Kababalaghan), and Feature Stories (Lathalain). The comics series have been revived and works of popular and veteran writers like Pablo Gomez and Rod Salandanan are the frontline, together with Sophia Esteban Resano whose horror stores are fast selling in the market.
Artworks of comic illustrators like Rico Rival, Jun Lofamia, Rod Lofamia, Rudy Villanueva, Abe Ocampo, Louie Celerio, and Alfred Manuel were revivals of their old comics series and their works have given a sense of nostalgia to modern "Liwayway".
Trivia.
1. "Liwayway" has become a byword for every Filipino.
2. A prominent politician Liwayway Vinzons-Chato who became Commissioner of the Bureau of Internal Revenue during the administration of President Fidel Ramos was named after the magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="2839041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839041" title="Youlthorpe">
Youlthorpe

Youlthorpe is a hamlet in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It forms part of the civil parish of Bishop Wilton. It is situated approximately east of York, north-west of Pocklington and just south of the main A166 road from York to Bridlington.
From 1886 Youlthorpe was part of the civil parish of Youlthorpe with Gowthorpe which was abolished on 1 April 1935 with the creation of the civil parish of Bishop Wilton.
East farmhouse in the settlement was designated in 1987 and is listed by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="2839045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839045" title="Tōbu Koizumi Line">
Tōbu Koizumi Line

The , operated by the private Tōbu Railway company, runs from Tatebayashi Station located in Tatebayashi city, Gunma Prefecture to Nishi-Koizumi Station located in Ōizumi town, Gunma Prefecture as well as Higashi-Koizumi Station in Ōizumi town to Ōta Station in Ōta city, Gunma Prefecture, Japan.
History.
The first section of the line from Koizumimachi Station to Tatebayashi Station was opened for passenger service on March 12, 1917 operated by the Chūgen Railway company, which was purchased by Tobu Railway company in 1937.
The line was connected to on April 13, 1939, which ran from Koizumimachi Station to for freight service, opened Shin-Koizumi Station between.
The purpose of transportation between Nakajima Aircraft Company Ōta plant and Koizumi plant extended the line from Ōta Station to Higashi-Koizumi Station on June 1, 1941 as well as made Nishi-Koizumi Station, which was the nearest station for Koizumi plant, to open on December 1, 1941 between Koizumimachi Station and Shin-Koizumi Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2839061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839061" title="Umra Khan">
Umra Khan

In 1894 he held undisputed sway over almost the whole of Bajour, when his restless ambition caused him to interfere in the internal affairs of Chitral. He instigated Afzal-ul-Mulk, a half-witted brother of the Chitral chief, to murder his brother Nizam-ul-Mulk, and then threw over the fratricide and supported the claims of his uncle Sher Afzul to the throne. The government of British India intervened and ordered Umra Khan to leave Chitral. When he refused, the Chitral Expedition was despatched; Umra Khan was driven into exile in Afghanistan, and died there in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="2839064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839064" title="Schempp-Hirth Cirrus">
Schempp-Hirth Cirrus

The Schempp-Hirth Cirrus is an Open Class glider built by Schempp-Hirth between 1967 and 1971 and by VTC until 1977.
Development.
The Cirrus was designed by Dipl. Ing Klaus Holighaus and was the first glass-fibre glider to be built by Schempp-Hirth. The prototype flew in 1967 with a V-tail like the Austria. It won the German Open Class in 1967.
By 1971 107 had been built in Germany. Production was transferred to Vazduhoplovno Tehnicki Centar (VTC) at Vršac in Yugoslavia, who built an additional 63.
Haro Wodl won the 1968 World Gliding Championships in the open class with a Cirrus.
Design.
Although Holighaus had designed and built the ground-breaking D-36 together with Gerhard Waibel, Wolf Lemke and Walter Schneider, he followed a completely different design philosophy for the Cirrus, preferring a thicker airfoil and the use of PVC foam instead of balsa as a core material.
The resultant Cirrus has mid-set cantilever wings with a span of 17.74 metres, and a conventional low-set cruciform tailplane. It can carry water-ballast in the wings. There are no flaps. For glidepath control, there are effective top-and-bottom air brakes and a substantial drag chute built into the bottom of the rudder. The undercarriage is retractable.
Aerodynamics.
Holighaus chose a rather thick flapless Wortmann airfoil (FX 66-196/161) which had low drag (for the time) and very gentle stall characteristics. The span and profile are optimised for the weaker gliding weather of central Europe. The result is excellent thermalling characteristics and a high glide ratio (for 1967).
Construction.
All-fiberglass glider, with foam core sandwiches for the wing skins and fuselage bulkheads. Internal tubular-steel frame interconnects the wings, cockpit and landing gear, carrying the flight and landing stresses. This steel frame is bolted to the fiberglass shell.
The Cirrus was built in female moulds, an innovation that became the standard method for all manufacturers.

</doc>
<doc id="2839068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839068" title="Nothing (film)">
Nothing (film)

Nothing is a 2003 Canadian black philosophical comedy film, directed by Vincenzo Natali. It stars David Hewlett and Andrew Miller.
Plot.
The film tells the story of two good friends and housemates, Andrew (Andrew Miller), an agoraphobic travel agent, and Dave (David Hewlett), a loser who works in an office. Dave is fired from his job after his girlfriend frames him for embezzlement, Andrew is falsely accused of attempted child molestation, and their house is to be demolished by day's end. Both of them hide inside the house as police, city officials, and outraged neighbors surround it. Dave and Andrew open their front door and discover that the entire world beyond their house is gone, replaced with a featureless white void.
Eventually, after a simple test reveals that the nothingness surrounding them holds a flat, featureless, and somewhat springy surface "like tofu", they set out across the empty plane in order to explore their new surroundings, leaving items behind as a means of getting back. After running out of items to leave as a trail, they lose track of their path. Wandering leads them to what appears to be another house, but they have simply wandered back home.
Panic begins to set in again when Andrew realizes that the house is completely out of food. Andrew glances around the room, eventually stopping and glaring at a noisy clock on the wall; within a few seconds it disappears. Andrew drops a stack of overdue bills in front of Dave, and within seconds the bills abruptly disappear. Dave puts one last theory to test, managing to hate away his need for food.
Dave still expresses some concern over Andrew's remaining phobias, questioning why the phobias still exist when there's nothing left to fear. Reluctantly, Andrew reveals that he was abused and tormented by his parents as a child. With some urging from Dave he hates away the memory of each traumatic childhood event as he recounts it; when he is finally done he is no longer phobic and much more confident in himself. Unfortunately this change alters Andrew's personality and leads to friction between the two friends, finally building into an outright confrontation. They decide they can no longer share the same house, and opt to determine who keeps it by playing a match of their favorite fighting game. Dave loses, and is exiled with his possessions to reside out in the nothingness.
Things become very tense with Dave's departure. Dave attempts to engage Andrew in conversation repeatedly, even performing the national anthem for his self-created nation (its borders marked by a line of his possessions), all to no avail. After several days Dave comes into Andrew's house much happier and explains his sudden change of mood: he has hated away his anger at Andrew; all Andrew needs to do is hate away his anger at Dave and things will be back to normal. Andrew refuses, quite content to be angry at Dave. Dave hates away his anger several times as Andrew rebuffs and outright insults him, but his patience finally wears thin, leading Dave to hate away one of Andrew's possessions. Andrew retaliates by hating away one of Dave's possessions, and the situation escalates until everything including the house is hated away.
Dave walks away, assuming the argument is finished, but falls over suddenly as his feet begin to disappear; Andrew is hating them away. He turns and retaliates, hating away Andrew's legs, and the situation escalates again until all that is left of the two are their disembodied heads. Refusing to give up the fight, Andrew and Dave manage to turn themselves and (by bouncing) charge at each other, headbutting each other repeatedly until they finally stop, exhausted. Their anger abated, Dave and Andrew make up, agree to be best friends again, and set off to explore the nothingness. As they bounce away into the white void they remark how they both had always thought that their bodies were somehow holding them back.
In a post-credits scene, an obviously older Dave and Andrew - still disembodied heads - are sleeping when they are awakened by a popping sound, followed by a loud clamoring of voices and noise. As the unseen source of the clamoring gets louder and closer the two scream.
Production notes.
In an interview with Troy Riser of "The Trades", director Vincenzo Natali described "Nothing" as "an experimental film" and called it "the comic flipside" of his earlier "Cube". According to Natali, "Cube" and "Nothing" are the first two installments of "an informal trilogy of minimalist films," the third of which will be "Echo Beach".
Natali, who considers "Nothing" "a story about friendship" at its core, originally envisioned Stan the turtle as the film's narrator. Due to budget constraints, however, the idea of a talking turtle could not be realized. Natali also associated Stan with a metaphorical significance: "He's a turtle because that's what David and Andrew are -- creatures who carry their home on their back and hide from the world."
In an email interview with Patrick Douglas of "The Culture Shock", Natali attributed his desire to make "Nothing" to a fascination with the "notion of editing reality." He explained the decision to keep the leading actors' real names in the script as "Creative bankruptcy."
David Hewlett, Andrew Miller and Natali grew up and went to high school together. In an interview with Ian Caddell of "The Georgia Straight", Natali recalled how Hewlett and Miller had to enact many of the scenes in "Nothing" hanging from the ceiling on wires. But, he said, they enjoyed the abuse because they knew it could be the last opportunity the three would have to work together. In an interview with Jason Anderson of "Eye Weekly", Hewlett, describing the suspension apparatus as a 30-foot atomic wedgie, commented, "'d hang us from the ceiling like puppets and literally place us where he wanted us." Miller spoke of similar hardships: "It was really ridiculous."
Natali credited colleague Terry Gilliam as an influence to whom "Nothing" owes "a real debt."
The movie featured Squigglevision-like scenes produced by Head Gear Animation.
Reception.
"Nothing" received mixed reviews, currently earning a Rotten Tomatoes approval rating of 50%.
Film critic Dan Schneider called "Nothing" "not a bad film," but "not good either," remarking that "its essential silliness and triviality are what keep this from reaching the existential level of a good "The Twilight Zone" episode, or something more akin to George Lucas's "THX 1138"." Schneider also criticized the soundtrack, arguing that "the film would have been much more effective if the music had suggested darker undertones." He concluded his review saying, ""Nothing" is one of those films that will stick with a viewer for a while, if only because it will leave scenarios open to be reworked in each viewer's mind."

</doc>
<doc id="2839069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839069" title="Zurich Open">
Zurich Open

The Zurich Open was a WTA Tour affiliated professional tennis tournament for women, formerly held every winter in Zurich, Switzerland. It was classified on the WTA Tour as a Tier I tournament from 1993 until 2007. In its final year, 2008, it was downgraded to a Tier II event.
The Open was held at the Hallenstadion, a multifunctional sports arena. It takes 150 specialist workers and 300 tonnes of material to prepare the Hallenstadion into the Zurich Open tennis venue. The event has two tennis courts available for tournament play.
Past champions of the tournament include former world number ones Steffi Graf Lindsay Davenport, Martina Hingis, Venus Williams, Justine Henin and Maria Sharapova. Swiss champions included Hingis, Manuela Maleeva-Fragnière (formerly of Bulgaria), and Patty Schnyder.
In 2012, it is set to return as a round-robin exhibition tournament, where former players play rising U18 players.

</doc>
<doc id="2839084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839084" title="The Match King">
The Match King

The Match King is a 1932 film made by First National Pictures, directed by William Keighley and Howard Bretherton, and starring Warren William and Lili Damita. The film closely follows the rise and fall of Swedish safety match tycoon Ivar Kreuger.
Print held at the Library of Congress.
Plot.
Though a lowly Chicago street cleaner, Swedish immigrant Paul Kroll (Warren William) is ambitious and unscrupulous. When a fellow employee is fired (due to one of Kroll's schemes), Kroll convinces his foreman (John Wray) to keep him on the payroll (officially at least) so they can split his salary. Soon there are eight "phantom" workers, and Kroll and his partner have amassed $460. However, Kroll has been romancing his partner's wife, Babe (Glenda Farrell), behind his back.
Meanwhile, he has also been lying to the people of his hometown, telling them what a successful businessman he has become. As a result, when the local match factory is in trouble, his uncle begs him to return and save it. Kroll gets Babe to withdraw the money he has stolen, deceiving her into thinking they are running away together, then leaves her behind as he sails away to Sweden.
Back home, he cons the local bank into giving him a loan to buy a second match factory so he can merge them. Only his friend Erik Borg (Hardie Albright) knows the truth about Kroll's "success", so Kroll recruits him as his all-too-trusting second in command in his expanding business. Eventually, Kroll owns all of the match factories in Sweden. However, his ambitions do not stop there. Using information he obtains from beautiful, well-placed women he has charmed, he gains official match monopolies in first Poland, then Germany and other countries by offering loans to cash-strapped governments and bribes to corrupt officials.
One day, while dining with Ilse Wagner (Claire Dodd), one of his conquests, he is dazzled by the beauty of star actress Marta Molnar (Lili Damita). Despite her initial rebuffs, he goes to great lengths to win her heart, even hiring a celebrated "gypsy violinist" to serenade her. So enamored is he that he dangerously neglects his business, financed by an ever-growing series of loans.
However, he reluctantly returns his attention to his company. One of his agents discovers an eccentric recluse named Christian Hobe (an uncredited Harry Beresford) has invented an everlasting match, so Kroll has him locked away as a madman.
When the stock market crashes, Kroll can no longer obtain a bank loan. In desperation, he buys $50 million in fake Italian bonds from forger Scarlatti (Harold Huber), whom he then dumps in the middle of a lake to drown. With the bonds as collateral, he obtains a $40 million loan from an American bank. Then he thinks of retiring. He asks Marta to marry him, only to discover that, in his frequent absences, she has fallen in love with Trino, the gypsy violinist. Much worse, his forgeries are detected, and his American loan is canceled. Kroll shoots himself on the balcony and his body tumbles into the gutter, where he started.

</doc>
<doc id="2839107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839107" title="Megadiverse countries">
Megadiverse countries

The megadiverse countries are a group of countries that harbor the majority of the Earth's species and are therefore considered extremely biodiverse. Conservation International identified 17 megadiverse countries in 1998. All are located in, or partially in, tropical or subtropical regions.
In 2002, Mexico formed a separate organization focusing on Like-Minded Megadiverse Countries, consisting of countries rich in biological diversity and associated traditional knowledge. This organization does not include all the megadiverse countries as identified by Conservation International.
In alphabetical order, the 17 megadiverse countries are: 
Cancún initiative and declaration of like-minded megadiverse countries.
On 18 February 2002, the Ministers in charge of the Environment and the Delegates of Brazil, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Mexico, Peru, the Philippines, South Africa and Venezuela assembled in the Mexican city of Cancún. These countries declared to set up a Group of Like-Minded Megadiverse Countries as a mechanism for consultation and cooperation so that their interests and priorities related to the preservation and sustainable use of biological diversity could be promoted. They also declared that they would call on those countries that had not become Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity, the Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety, and the Kyoto Protocol on climate change to become parties to these agreements.
At the same time, they agreed to meet periodically, at the ministerial and expert levels, and decided that upon the conclusion of each annual Ministerial Meeting, the next rotating host country would take on the role of Secretary of the group, to ensure its continuity, the further development of cooperation among these countries and to reach the agreements and objectives set forth herein.
The current member countries of the Like-Minded Megadiverse Countries organization are as follows, in alphabetical order:

</doc>
<doc id="2839125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839125" title="Švenčionys District Municipality">
Švenčionys District Municipality

Švenčionys District Municipality is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Švenčionys district municipality is twinned with the following towns:

</doc>
<doc id="2839129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839129" title="Point Breeze, Pittsburgh">
Point Breeze, Pittsburgh

Point Breeze, or South Point Breeze, is a largely residential neighborhood in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.
It is adjacent to the Pittsburgh neighborhoods of Regent Square, Squirrel Hill, Shadyside, and North Point Breeze, and the borough of Wilkinsburg. It includes the neighborhood of Park Place. Like nearby Squirrel Hill it boasts a large Jewish population, but is still majority Catholic and contributes to a high percentage of students enrolled in Taylor Allderdice High School and Central Catholic High School.
The most prominent feature of Point Breeze is Henry Clay Frick's Clayton, which is a part of the Frick Art & Historical Center. Nearby is St. Bede School, a Catholic school, and the Pittsburgh New Church School. It is also the home to a popular Pittsburgh Public Schools elementary school, Linden Academy, the Sterrett Middle School, Westinghouse Park, Mellon Park, and the Reformed Presbyterian Theological Seminary. The Shady Side Academy Junior School is also located in Point Breeze.
Point Breeze's claim to literary fame is due to Pulitzer Prize winner Annie Dillard's popular memoir, "An American Childhood", set in Point Breeze in the 1950s. As a child she attended Park Place Elementary School, a Pittsburgh Public School on South Braddock Avenue, which is currently a charter school. Both of John Edgar Wideman's memoirs, "Brothers and Keepers" and "Hoop Roots", use North Point Breeze's Westinghouse Park as a setting, as well as in his fictional "Homewood Trilogy".
Although officially distinct neighborhoods separated by Penn Avenue, "Point Breeze" is also frequently taken to include North Point Breeze.

</doc>
<doc id="2839132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839132" title="Sembayashi Station">
Sembayashi Station

Opened in 1910, the station is famous for its long covered shopping street known as the Sembayashi Shōtengai. The shopping street even has a theme song that can be heard as you walk along the covered part of the street. Sembayashi-Ōmiya Station can be found at the other end of the shopping street.
The first Daiei store opened near this station. Some of the favorite stores have been the Kadoya Ice Cream Parlor, a popular hangout for students of the nearby high school, and Enomoto Confectionary Gift Shop. There is also a fish market that specializes in whale meat.

</doc>
<doc id="2839138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839138" title="Yazor">
Yazor

Yazor is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Herefordshire. The parish includes the hamlet of Yarsop about to the north at .
Yazor is some north west of the city of Hereford on the A480 road and about east of Offa's Dyke. If was formerly served by Moorhampton railway station located in the parish.
The population of the parish at the 2011 Census was 122.
St Mary's is a redundant Anglican church, designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="2839144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839144" title="Cam Woolley">
Cam Woolley

Cam Woolley (born January 24, 1957) is a traffic and safety reporter for CP24 and a former police officer (rank of Sergeant) with the Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) in the Greater Toronto Area.
A 30-year veteran of the service, he became the face of the OPP as media co-ordinator for the Toronto area highway safety division. He has been regularly seen in the media since 2000, mainly in regard to forewarning of an impending traffic blitz during a long weekend on Highway 400 or providing police perspective of a major accident. 
Woolley was named OPP Officer of the Year in 2005. In January 2007, there were reports that he was being courted by the Progressive Conservative party to run as a candidate in the 2007 Ontario Provincial Election. Woolley said he was considering the offer.
The Wasaga Beach resident owns a company with his friend Bradley Patterson, an actor and firefighter, which provides emergency and military vehicles for movie shoots in Canada including "16 Blocks", "Exit Wounds" and "Angel Eyes".
Woolley most recently has appeared as an "Expert" (judge), since the 2nd season, on the Discovery Channel Canada reality series, "Canada's Worst Driver". 
On August 23, 2008, CTVglobemedia, owner of CP24 announced that Woolley would be retiring on September 1, 2008 from the OPP and begin a broadcasting career on CP24 (Cable Pulse 24, Toronto) on September 2, 2008, reporting on traffic and safety issues. Woolley also appears on CP24 Breakfast as well as on CP24 promos such as "Safety First with Cam Woolley" and "Know Your Rights".

</doc>
<doc id="2839153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839153" title="Transformer di Roboter">
Transformer di Roboter

Transformer di Roboter is a Berlin-based electronic pop music duo consisting of Alexander Kloster and Johannes Malfatti. They have released several EPs and have contributed to compilations on labels such as WMF Records, Planet Mu, Deco, Diamondtraxx, Rock Machine Records, Klangkrieg, and L'Âge d'or.
In their cover version of Michael Jackson's "Stranger in Moscow", they used Apple Computer's Macintosh startup sound to mimic the original's bass line.
Transformer di Roboter work together with the Dutch Artist and VJ Arno Coenen.
Kloster and Malfatti are also involved in other, more experimental music projects, such as Chlorgeschlecht and Dånzen Jetzt (with Olivier Alary).
For their 2003 Chlorgeschlecht release "Unyoga", they received an Honorary Mention at the Ars Electronica in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2839159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839159" title="Sefton Park, South Australia">
Sefton Park, South Australia

Sefton Park is a suburb about 6 km north of the Adelaide CBD, South Australia and lies in both the City of Port Adelaide Enfield and the City of Prospect. It borders the suburbs Enfield, Nailsworth, Prospect and Broadview. Sefton Park is a minor shopping district of Adelaide and is also one of Adelaide's smallest suburbs.
Housing.
Sefton Park is one of the older Adelaide suburbs and as such contains many Californian bungalows and some Art Deco homes. There are also Australian colonial style houses.
In recent times, some of these older homes have been demolished to make way for new housing. New developments are typically higher density, fitting two or three homes on one block of land. The suburb's proximity to the CBD means that this is a more lucrative option for developers.
Shopping.
Sefton Park has three main shopping centres located only metres from each other. 
Transport.
busline routes 222, 224, 225F, 228, 229 and N224 (after-midnight service) service Sefton Park along Main North Road, these routes travel between Adelaide's northern suburbs and the Adelaide CBD. This stretch of Main North Road is an Adelaide Metro Go Zone, this means that the maximum wait for a bus is fifteen minutes between 07:30am and 18:30pm on weekdays. 
busline route 100 services Sefton Park along Regency Road. The 100 route circles the Adelaide CBD via the outer bypass. This service does not operate on Sundays or public holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="2839160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839160" title="Ulverstone and Lancaster Railway">
Ulverstone and Lancaster Railway

The Ulverstone ["sic"] and Lancaster Railway Company was short-lived as a business but the line that it built is still in daily use. The line runs from Lindal-in-Furness to Carnforth where it joins what was then the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway. The intermediate stations are: Cark and Cartmel, Kents Bank, Grange-over-Sands, Arnside and Silverdale.
Background.
In August 1837 George Stephenson, considering the route from Lancaster to Carlisle and thence to Scotland, proposed a curved embankment across Morecambe Bay between Poulton-le-Sands (Morecambe) and Humphrey Head, then following the coast northwards. He was concerned that an inland route over the fells would involve dangerously steep slopes. He saw the viaduct as a national project and he intended that it would trap the silt in order to claim Morecambe Bay for agriculture. In 1843, after considerable debate, this plan was shelved in favour of the present Shap Fell route.
Consequently, Furness, instead of finding the main line on its doorstep, had to make its own arrangements to join its local rail network to the national one. Any short connection southwards would necessarily involve a locally financed crossing of Morecambe Bay and this was a daunting prospect — the quicksands and fierce tides of the bay are still notorious. The 2004 Morecambe Bay cockling disaster reminded many people of the dangers. Nevertheless the iron miners needed a good connection in order to make their product competitive. The directors of the Furness Railway were not in a hurry to take it on so it was promoted by John Brogden and Sons, a Manchester-based firm of railway contractors and promoters who had expanded into iron mining activity in the Furness area.
The Ulverstone and Lancaster Railway Act received the Royal Assent in 1851. The directors were: John Brogden (sen.), John Brogden (jun.), Alexander Brogden, Henry Brogden, James Garstang (Alexander’s father-in-law) and Joseph Paxton (later Sir Joseph). The line was planned by McClean and Stileman at 19 miles in length of which ten miles comprised embankments, and viaducts across the tidal estuaries of the rivers Kent and Leven. Much of this was sand running to a depth of 30 to 70 feet.
Construction.
Work on the line was not in full progress until September 1853 owing to shortages of labour and accommodation. McClean and Stileman had resigned as engineers the previous February so construction was superintended by James Brunlees. Brunlees had already completed a similar project and went on to achieve great eminence. The viaducts were built by W & J Galloway & Sons of Manchester. Brunlees and Galloway later collaborated on the Southport Pier. The work was costly however and Brogdens had to ask the Furness Railway for financial assistance. As the Furness could not legally do this, two of their directors: the Earl of Burlington and the Duke of Buccleuch made a loan of £50,000 in their personal capacities. The line was opened on 26 August 1857. Gross expenditure was over £410,000.
In 1858 the Brogdens approached the Furness Railway for a further loan as traffic on the U&L had not “come up to expectations”. However the FR insisted that they would only offer a loan if the U&L was sold to them so Brogdens declined this offer. In 1859-1860 the line began to pay its way. It was rumoured that the line would be sold to the London and North Western Railway and in 1862 an agreement was made between the shareholders of the U&L and Furness. U&L shareholders received 5% preference stock in the Furness Railway in return for their U&L shares, not a very large return considering that they had risked losing the money altogether. This railway link was critical to the later industrial development of Barrow-in-Furness and its locality and mining interests. It also caused silt to build up in former tidal areas, creating new agricultural land.

</doc>
<doc id="2839161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839161" title="LIVE 34">
LIVE 34

LIVE 34 is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
On Colony 34, LIVE 34 is a news station delivering news every hour of every day. But there are explosions happening and people are dying — or are they? What is the connection between Citizen Doctor, a Rebel Queen and a paramedic named Hex?

</doc>
<doc id="2839163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839163" title="Waseda University Library">
Waseda University Library

The libraries or library of Waseda University (早稲田大学図書館; "Waseda Daigaku Toshokan") are collectively one of the largest libraries in Japan. Established in 1882, they currently hold some 4.5 million volumes and 46,000 serials.
History.
The Waseda University Library (早稲田大学図書館; "Waseda Daigaku Toshokan") was originally established at the time of the founding of the University in 1882 (at that time called 東京専門学校; "Tokyo Senmon Gakkou"). Its current Central Library building was opened in 1991, commemorating the University's centennial. All together the university has 29 libraries: the Central Library, four Campus Libraries, and school libraries or reading rooms for students, attached to each school and institute. These libraries are said to hold 4.5 million books. 
The Waseda University Library also possesses a unique collection which survived the Bombing of Tokyo in World War II unlike many of its counterparts. It possesses some items which even the National Diet Library does not have. Because of this, its collection is an important resource in the study of pre-war Japanese history and literature.
Branches.
The library is divided into a central library and four main branch libraries, including one at each campus. These branch libraries are the S. Takata Memorial Research Library (with limited access for students), the Library of Science and Engineering, the Toyama Library, and the Tokorozawa Library. In addition there are a number of departmental and special institute libraries which are integrated into the library system.
Collections.
The Waseda University Library owns a large number of materials of eminent cultural value. Alongside the two items designated as National Treasures and five sets (187 items) as Important Cultural Assets, are manuscripts, rare books, calligraphy, handwritten strips of poems, archival materials related to Japanese history, and several special collections named after their donors, among others. Because of their rarity, access to such materials is usually limited, except for special exhibitions.
Among Waseda University Library's many unique collections are the following:
Outside of the library system, Waseda University also has museums including the Waseda Theatre Museum, which contains its own collection. Waseda Institute of Asia-Pacific Studies (part of the Graduate School of Asia-Pacific Studies) also houses important special collections of materials like the Masuda Collection on politics and law in Indonesia in the 1950s-1960s and the Nishijima Collection on the Japanese occupation of Indonesia.
Access.
The Waseda University Library system generally limits access to students, faculty, research fellows, alumni association members, and Waseda Supporters Club members (with a donation of ￥30,000). However, with a letter of introduction from another university library requesting access to specific materials, entry is possible. Additionally, student/faculty ID holders from Keio University, Doshisha University, Hitotsubashi University, and Kansai University can access the library without a letter of introduction. Students from some foreign universities may be able to apply for privileged access if Waseda University has signed an agreement with that university, but in May 2014 there was no reference to these agreements on the Waseda Library website. For example, on May 30, 2002, Professor Michitaro Urukawa, director of Waseda University Library, and Columbia University librarian James G. Neal signed such a memorandum that outlines an agreement between the two libraries to cooperate in the exchange of materials, information access, Interlibrary loan and staff exchanges. Waseda University has also signed a similar agreement with the University of Maryland, College Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2839170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839170" title="John Holmes (British diplomat)">
John Holmes (British diplomat)

Sir John Holmes (born 29 April 1951) is a British former diplomat who is director of the Ditchley Foundation.
Early life.
Holmes was born on 29 April 1951 in Preston, in the north of England. He was educated at Preston Grammar School and Balliol College, Oxford
Career.
He entered the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) in 1973. After spending three years as a desk officer in London, including a period of temporary duty at the British Mission to the UN in New York, he was appointed to the British Embassy in Moscow as a 3rd Secretary Chancery, and subsequently promoted 2nd Secretary.
On returning to the FCO in 1978, he first took up an appointment in the Near East and North Africa Department before becoming Assistant Private Secretary to the Foreign Secretary in 1982.
In 1984 Holmes was posted to the British Embassy in Paris as 1st Secretary (Economic). He returned to London in 1987 as Assistant Head of the Soviet Department and between 1989 and 1991 he was seconded to Thomas De La Rue & Co, before moving to India as Economic and Commercial Counsellor at the High Commission in New Delhi.
He returned to London in 1995, first as Head of the European Union Department in FCO and then as Private Secretary, and subsequently Principal Private Secretary to the Prime Minister. Between 1999 and autumn 2001, John Holmes was Ambassador to Portugal. He was Ambassador to France from October 2001 until 2007. From January 2007 to August 2010 he was Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, appointed by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. 
Later life.
He has been director of the Ditchley Foundation since September 2010, succeeding Sir Jeremy Greenstock.
Personal life.
In 1976 he married Penelope Morris, an author and trustee of Women for Women UK. John and Penny Holmes have three daughters: Sarah, Lucy and Emilie.
Honours.
Holmes was awarded the CMG in 1997 in the Resignation Honours List of former Prime Minister John Major for his service as Principal Private Secretary. In 1998 he was appointed CVO and in the New Year Honours of 1999 knighted KBE on the recommendation of Tony Blair on leaving the senior job at No. 10 Downing Street, a higher honour than normally bestowed, because of his work on the Northern Ireland Peace Talks. In 2004 Queen Elizabeth II promoted him to GCVO at the conclusion of her state visit to France to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Entente Cordiale.

</doc>
<doc id="2839176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839176" title="Bannawag">
Bannawag

Bannawag (Iloko word meaning "dawn") is a Philippine weekly magazine published in the Philippines by Liwayway Publications Inc. It contains serialized novels/comics, short stories, poetry, essays, news features, entertainment news and articles, among others, that are written in Ilokano, a language common in the northern regions of the Philippines.
"Bannawag" has been acknowledged as one foundation of the existence of contemporary Iloko literature. It is through the "Bannawag" that every Ilokano writer has proved his mettle by publishing his first Iloko short story, poetry, or essay, and thereafter his succeeding works, in its pages. The magazine is also instrumental in the establishment of GUMIL Filipinas, the umbrella organization of Ilokano writers in the Philippines and in other countries.
History.
Bannawag magazine was conceived in 1934 when Magdaleno A. Abaya of Candon, Ilocos Sur, who was then a member of the editorial staff of the Graphic magazine, an English weekly published by the Roces Publications, presented the concept of an Ilokano publication to the management of the Graphic magazine. Don Ramos Roces, the owner-publisher of Graphic magazine and other vernacular magazines which included Liwayway, Bisaya and Hiligaynon, scoffed at the idea when Abaya presented the proposal to put a magazine for Ilocanos.
But Abaya did not lose hope until Don Ramos gave his consent-with condition that the first issues were only for a try-out, that after one or two months without improvement in the sales, it will be stopped. Abaya was elated and hurried to find willing companions to help him run the magazine. In the end, he was able to persuade Mauro Peña to be the magazine's assistant and news editor, Francisco Fuentecilla of Zambales as assistant and news editor,; and Benjamin Gray, also of Candon, Ilocos Sur, as proofreader. Thus, Bannawag or "Dawn," or the Iloko equivalent of Liwayway, was born.
Bannawag's first issue on November 3, 1934 had a production run of 10,000 copies with a selling price of PHP 0.10 per copy. The magazine was an instant success beyond the belief of Don Ramon, and he allowed the continued publication of the magazine.
During the Second World War, the combined U.S. and Philippine Commonwealth ground troops to fought by the Japanese Imperial forces led by General Tomoyuki Yamashita around the fall the battles started the liberation in Northern Luzon in 1945. 
When Roces Publications was sold to Brig. Hans M. Menzi in 1966, the name was changed to Liwayway Publishing, Inc. Thirty nine years later, in 2005, the publication of Bannawag was transferred to Manila Bulletin Publishing Corporation. Clesencio B. Rambaud, Prudencio Gar. Padios and Juan Al. Asuncion were tasked to man Bannawag. However, Padios migrated to Canada in October 2006 and Ariel S. Tabag of Sta. Teresita, Cagayan was recruited to fill in the vacancy,
New Bannawag.
Bannawag underwent significant metamorphosis when its publication when taken over by the Manila Bulletin, from its content, color, quality of paper used, page layout, and other aspects to keep up with the needs of the times. These changes made the magazine more prestigious in its tasks in bringing entertainment, information, and inspiration to millions of readers in the language spoken by hardly Ilocanos and in depicting the different aspects of the Ilocano character.
Recently, it was picked up by the Department of Education as one of the important references of the educational system in Ilocano-speaking areas in the country.
Present.
Bannawag has gone a long way from its 10-centavo cost for each edition in the 1930s and is moving vigorously to live up the past as an important part of today and tomorrow's dream of the Ilocanos.
Diamond jubilee.
Bannawag celebrated its diamond jubilee on November 3, 2009. In celebration of this, Bannawag had launched the planting of Bannawag Diamond Jubilee trees in municipal parks and lots, school sites, and other public spaces. Dr. Jim Domingo, a retired professor and university official of Cagayan State University was instrumental in the planting.

</doc>
<doc id="2839191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839191" title="Millennium Bridge (Montenegro)">
Millennium Bridge (Montenegro)

The Millennium Bridge (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Мост Миленијум) is a cable-stayed bridge that spans the Morača River, in Podgorica, Montenegro.
The bridge was designed by the Slovenian company Ponting and Mladen Ulićević, a professor at Faculty of Civil Engineering in Podgorica. It was built by the Slovenian company "Primorje", and opened on July 13, 2005, Montenegro's National Day. It quickly became one of the city's most prominent landmarks.
The bridge is 140 metres long, and the pylon soars 57 m above the roadbed. Twelve cables support the roadway deck, while twenty-four more are attached to the counterweights, creating an imposing image.
The construction of the bridge began in 2005, and the building cost was approximately 7 million euros. The roadway carries two lanes of traffic and a pedestrian walkway in each direction. The bridge connects the "Boulevard of Ivan Crnojević" in the city centre and "July 13 street" in the new part of city, thus relieving the other congested bridges connecting the city center with the densely populated districts over the Morača river.

</doc>
<doc id="2839193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839193" title="Šalčininkai District Municipality">
Šalčininkai District Municipality

Šalčininkai District Municipality (, ) is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania.
It has one of biggest Polish minority populations in Lithuania, with 31,223 or over 80% (2001 census) of the population claiming Polish ethnicity. Šalčininkai is the largest town in and the administrative center of the district.
The south-eastern border of the municipality with Belarus creates a peninsular shape of Lithuanian territory almost completely surrounded by Belarus.
Lithuanian Route 104 passes through the district.
The Poškonys Reservoir (Poškonių tvenkinys) with an area of 0.3 km2 on the Gauja River is located in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="2839195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839195" title="Wayne Black">
Wayne Black

Wayne Hamilton Black (born 17 November 1973 in Salisbury, now Harare) is a former professional male tennis player from Zimbabwe.
Black is the son of Donald and Velia Black and the brother of Cara Black and Byron Black, also professional tennis players. He attended the University of Southern California and was an All-American in singles and doubles (1993, 1994). Black retired from the doubles circuit at the end of 2005. He won two men's doubles Grand Slam titles (2001 U.S. Open and 2005 Australian Open) with compatriot Kevin Ullyett and two Grand Slam mixed doubles titles (2002 French Open and 2004 Wimbledon) with sister Cara.
As a junior Wayne played league tennis for Highlands Sports Club in Harare.
Black reached his career-high doubles ranking of 4 on 31 January 2005, following his second Grand Slam title win at the 2005 Australian Open with compatriot Kevin Ullyett. Black, like his two siblings, was a doubles specialist.
Doubles finals (33).
Doubles performance timeline.
A = did not attend tournament

</doc>
<doc id="2839199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839199" title="Until December">
Until December

Until December was a San Francisco-based rock band active in the early to late 1980s. The band released four 12" singles in 1985 on 415 Records / CBS. A self-titled album Until December was released in 1986 by 415 Records / CBS, which contained their biggest hit "Heaven". Other notable songs performed by Until December include their song "Until December", "Live Alone In Shame" (B-Side to the 12" of "Until December - The Berlin Mix") and a cover of the song "Bela Lugosi's Dead" by Bauhaus. They toured the U.S. as a headliner and with seminal 80's bands such as New Order, Gene Loves Jezebel, and Specimen. The band was especially popular in the leather subculture. Before the band split up they expanded their line up to a five piece with the addition of Mark Pistel on bass and Tim Huthert, from Specimen, as a second drummer.
Member Adam Sherburne later formed the band Consolidated in the 1990s. Bryan Weisberg later formed Maximillion's Motorcycle Club with Tim Huthert. Greg(Auggie)Senzer former drummer owns and operates a motorcycle customizing shop and plays with several Bay Area bands.

</doc>
<doc id="2839201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839201" title="RAF Hospital Wegberg">
RAF Hospital Wegberg

The former Royal Air Force Hospital Wegberg, commonly abbreviated to RAF(H) Wegberg, was a Royal Air Force military hospital located in Wegberg, near the city of Mönchengladbach, in Germany. It was opened in 1953 to serve the British Military personnel already in the area and in anticipation of the construction and opening of the large JHQ Rheindahlen base, nearby.
Construction and opening.
Construction of the hospital commenced in February 1953 by No 5357 Airfield Construction Wing of the Royal Air Force and it was completed in only 111 days on the 31st May 1953. The hospital opened to patients on 1st November 1953. The official opening ceremony was held on 16th November 1953, when Lady Foster, wife of the Commander in Chief of 2nd Tactical Air Force, unveiled a tablet in the main entrance hall.
The hospital was built in a unique manner. There was an outer wide U-shaped ring of single story buildings and an inner U-shaped ring of 2 story buildings. They could be described as one horseshoe within another. The outer ring mostly consisted of wards, outpatients and clinical areas while the inner mostly contained the administrative and support services and a central kitchen area. They were connected by radial and spoke corridors that, with other areas, could be converted into wards in the event of major emergencies or conflict. The psychiatric ward, boiler house, stores, messes, personnel accommodation and married quarters were separate from the main hospital building. A one way ring road encircled the main building with a north entrance from JHQ Rheindahlen and a south entrance from Wegberg town. 
Patients.
The hospital functioned as a general hospital for the British military personnel, associated British civilian support staff, and their families over a wide area of North Rhine Westphalia, the Netherlands and Belgium. In one year the hospital maternity ward could deliver up to 1,000 babies, while other wards had an in-patient number of 6,000 per year and out-patient of 32,000 during the peak years of activity. Intensive care facilities and a special care baby unit were added. During the 1990 Gulf War members of the hospital served in the Middle East, which strained hospital numbers so much so that they had to recruit civilian nurses and staff to fill the void. All members returned safely.
In March 1972 the celebrated Rugby Union player Cliff Morgan had a severe stroke in Cologne after commentating on a match for BFBS. He spent 3 weeks in RAF Hospital Wegberg and spoke very highly of his treatment there. 
Hospital facilities were temporarily disrupted in June 1980 by extensive damage caused by the explosion of a propane cylinder in the dental laboratory. In January 1987 the hospital had to close to all except emergency admissions when severe winter temperatures led to burst water pipes. In September 1987 the roof of the postnatal ward was severely damaged by a blaze accidentally caused by workmen.
The School of Nursing closed in 1984, having provided a large part of the training of both Enrolled and State Registered Nurses who studied there. Student nurses from RAF Hospitals in the UK were detached to Wegberg, especially for training in obstetrics.
From 1992 British Government economies dictated the number of beds being reduced from 171 to 90 with the closure of the paediatric and special care baby units in December 1992, and in 1993 the combination of the medical and surgical wards and the closure of the maternity unit.
Closure.
RAF Hospital Wegberg closed after 43 years as a general hospital and on 1 April 1996 it was formally handed over to United Kingdom Support Command (UKSC) at JHQ Rheindahlen. From 1996 a small in-patient psychiatric unit and some community services remained on the site while all other secondary care was transferred to local German hospitals. 
Post hospital years.
From 1996 a small in-patient psychiatric unit and some community services remained on the site and it also became the home of the Headquarters of the British Forces Germany Health Services (HQ BFGHS) from 1999 to September 2010. The whole hospital site was then formally handed back to the German authorities.
A group of former personnel visited the hospital in October 2010 and reported that it was in as perfect condition as when it was fully functioning before closure. That is a testament to the original builders and the careful maintenance over 57 years. A video news report was made of this nostalgic visit.
The BFGHS is a partnership arrangement between the Ministry of Defence (MoD); the Soldiers, Sailors, Airman and Families Association (SSAFA); and Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust, London, to provide primary care services, community and outpatient services to the British Forces community throughout Germany.
The hospital's motto is "Inter Fera Salus" (In midst of ferocity, healing), and its crest is a wild boar passant overlaid with a Staff of Asclepius.

</doc>
<doc id="2839207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839207" title="Queen Alexandra Bridge">
Queen Alexandra Bridge

The Queen Alexandra Bridge is a road traffic, pedestrian and (former) rail bridge spanning the River Wear in North East England, linking the Deptford and Southwick areas of Sunderland. The steel truss bridge was designed by Charles A. Harrison (a nephew of Robert Stephenson's assistant). It was built by Sir William Arrol between 1907 and 1909 and officially opened by The Earl of Durham, on behalf of Queen Alexandra on June 10, 1909.
In 1899 the North Eastern Railway and the Sunderland Corporation agreed to build the bridge to improve communications across the river and to connect the coalfields of Annfield Plain and Washington with Sunderland's south docks. Before the completion of the bridge, road traffic crossing the river had to use one of two ferries which crossed below near to where the bridge is today. As the bridge was due to be built near to the successful shipyards of the Wear, a clause in the North Eastern Railway Act 1900 required that only one arch span be built over the river to give a clearance of 85 feet above high water level.
The approaches to the bridge were completed in 1907 by the Mitchell Brothers of Glasgow and the bridge proper comprises three 200 foot land spans (weighing 1,000 tons of steel each) and a 300 foot river span (weighing 2,600 tons of steel) and was the heaviest bridge in the United Kingdom at the time. The bridge was built from each side of the river and the two halves came together at noon on 15 October 1908. In all, a total of 8,500 tons of steel, 4,500 tons of granite, 60,000 tons of red sandstone from Dumfries, and 350,000 bricks were used and the cost of completion was £450,000. The bridge also housed gas and water mains and in later years, high voltage electricity cables and a pumped rising-main for sewage. 
About six million tons of coal passed over the upper-deck annually for export but the trade rapidly declined at the end of the 1910s. For the last few years only one train per day passed over the bridge. The last goods train ran over in 1921, but the lower-deck continues as a valuable road link. In the Second World War, the upper-deck was used as a searchlight and anti-aircraft platform. The railway and decking at each end of the bridge were finally removed near to the end of the 20th century. A large free standing brick and stone viaduct fragment remains on the north side of the Bridge. 
From 21 March 2005, the bridge had been restricted to southbound traffic whilst repainting and repair work was carried out on the 96 year-old structure, which was due to take almost a year to complete. It reopened for both lanes of traffic on 12 October 2006, having been partly closed for 18 months and costing £6.3m in repairs.

</doc>
<doc id="2839218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839218" title="Polish grammar">
Polish grammar

The grammar of the Polish language is characterized by a high degree of inflection, and has relatively free word order, although the dominant arrangement is subject–verb–object (SVO). There are no articles, and there is frequent dropping of subject pronouns. Distinctive features include the different treatment of masculine personal nouns in the plural, and the complex grammar of numerals and quantifiers.
Regular morphological alternation.
Certain regular or common alternations apply across the Polish inflectional system, affecting the morphology of nouns, adjectives, verbs, and other parts of speech. Some of these result from the restricted distribution of the vowels "i" and "y", and from the voicing rules for consonant in clusters and at the end of words. Otherwise the main changes are:
Nouns.
Polish retains the Old Slavic system of cases for nouns, pronouns, and adjectives. There are seven cases: nominative "(mianownik)", genitive "(dopełniacz)", dative "(celownik)", accusative "(biernik)", instrumental "(narzędnik)", locative "(miejscownik)", and vocative "(wołacz)".
Polish has two number classes: singular and plural (the dual vanished around the 15th century, except in a few relicts).
There are three main genders: "masculine", "feminine" and "neuter". Masculine nouns are also divided into "animate" and "inanimate" (this distinction being relevant in the singular), and "personal" and "non-personal" (this distinction being relevant in the plural). All personal nouns are also animate; some nouns with inanimate meaning (such as "papieros" "cigarette"; especially many loanwords relating to information technologies, e.g. "komputer", "walkman", "blog") are treated grammatically as animate. 
Masculine nouns typically end in a consonant, although a few (mainly personal names and words for people) end in "-a", or more rarely "-o" (those that end "-y" or "-i" in the singular follow the adjectival declension). Feminine nouns end in "-a", or less commonly in a consonant (always a soft or hardened consonant, at least in the inflected forms). Neuter nouns end in "-o" or "-e", or in a few cases "-ę". 
Typical declensions are as follows:
A common deviation from the above patterns is that many masculine nouns have genitive singular in "-a" rather than "-u". This includes all personal and animate masculines (ending in a consonant). Also masculine animate nouns have accusative singular equal to the genitive singular (in "-a"). Masculine personal nouns also have accusative plural equal to genitive plural, and often have nominative plural in "-i".
Adjectives.
Adjectives agree with the noun they modify in terms of gender, number and case. They are declined according to the following pattern ("dumny" means "proud"):
For a table showing the declension of Polish adjectival surnames, ending in "-ski/-ska" or "-cki/-cka", see Polish name#Declension of adjectival surnames.
Most short adjectives have a comparative form in "-szy" or "-iejszy", and a superlative obtained by prefixing "naj-" to the comparative.
For adjectives that do not have these forms, the words "bardziej" ("more") and "najbardziej" ("most") are used before the adjective to make comparative and superlative phrases.
Adverbs are formed from adjectives with the ending "ie", or in some cases "-o". Comparatives of adverbs are formed (where they exist) with the ending "-iej". Superlatives have the prefix "naj-" as for adjectives.
Pronouns.
The personal pronouns of Polish (nominative forms) are "ja" ("I"), "ty" ("you", singular, familiar), "on" ("he", or "it" corresponding to masculine nouns), "ona" ("she", or "it" corresponding to feminine nouns), "ono" ("it" corresponding to neuter nouns), "my" ("we"), "wy" ("you", plural, familiar), "oni" ("they", corresponding to a masculine personal group – see Noun syntax above), "one" ("they" in other cases).
The polite second-person pronouns are the same as the nouns "pan" ("gentleman, Mr"), "pani" ("lady, Mrs") and their plurals "panowie, panie". The mixed-sex plural is "państwo". All second-person pronouns are often capitalized for politeness, in letters etc.
For the full declension of these pronouns, see "Pronouns" in the article on Polish morphology. Subject pronouns can be dropped if the meaning is clear and they are not emphasized. Sometimes there are alternative forms available for a given personal pronoun in a given case:
The reflexive pronoun for all persons and numbers is "się".
The possessive adjectives (also used as possessive pronouns) derived from the personal pronouns are "mój", "twój", "jego" (m., n.)/"jej" (f.); "nasz", "wasz", "ich". There is also a reflexive possessive "swój". The polite second-person pronouns have possessives identical to the genitives of the corresponding nouns, although there is a possessive adjective "pański" corresponding to "pan".
The demonstrative pronoun, also used as a demonstrative adjective, is "ten" (feminine "ta", neuter "to", masculine personal plural "ci", other plural "te"). The prefix "tam-" can be added to emphasize a more distant referent ("that" as opposed to "this"). 
Interrogative pronouns are "kto" ("who") and "co" ("what"); these also provide the pronouns "ktoś/coś" ("someone/something"), "ktokolwiek/cokolwiek" ("anyone/anything"), "nikt/nic" ("no one/nothing").
The usual relative pronoun is "który" (declined like an adjective). However, when the antecedent is also a pronoun, the relative pronoun used is "kto" or "co" (as in "ten kto" "he who" and "to co" "that which"). The word "który" also means "which" as an interrogative pronoun and adjective.
The pronoun and adjective "wszystek" means "all". It is used most commonly in the plural ("wszyscy" means "everyone"), and in the neuter singular "(wszystko)" to mean "everything". The pronoun and adjective "każdy" means "each, every", while "żaden" means "no, none".
For full information on the declension of the above pronouns, see "Pronouns" in the article on Polish morphology.
When the referent of a pronoun is a person of unspecified sex, the masculine form of the pronoun is generally used. When the referent is a thing or idea that does not correspond to any specific noun, it is treated as neuter.
Numbers and quantifiers.
Polish has a complex system of numerals and related quantifiers, with special rules for their inflection, for the case of the governed noun, and for verb agreement with the resulting noun phrase. 
The basic numerals are 1 "jeden", 2 "dwa", 3 "trzy", 4 "cztery", 5 "pięć", 6 "sześć", 7 "siedem", 8 "osiem", 9 "dziewięć", 10 "dziesięć", 11 "jedenaście", 12 "dwanaście", 13 "trzynaście", 14 "czternaście", 15 "piętnaście" (pronounced "-et-"), 16 "szesnaście", 17 "siedemnaście", 18 "osiemnaście", 19 "dziewiętnaście" (pronounced "-et-"), 20 "dwadzieścia", 30 "trzydzieści", 40 "czterdzieści", 50 "pięćdziesiąt" (pronounced "pieńdź-"), 60 "sześćdziesiąt" (pron. "sze(s)dź-"), 70 "siedemdziesiąt", 80 "osiemdziesiąt", 90 "dziewięćdziesiąt" (pronounced "-wieńdź-"), 100 "sto", 200 "dwieście", 300 "trzysta", 400 "czterysta", 500 "pięćset" (usually pronounced "pieńset"), 600 "sześćset" (usually pronounced "szejset"), 700 "siedemset", 800 "osiemset", 900 "dziewięćset" (usually pronounced "-wieńset-").
These numerals are inflected for case, and also to some extent for gender. For details of their inflection, see "Numbers and quantifiers" in the article on Polish morphology. 
Thousand is "tysiąc", treated as a noun (so 2000 is "dwa tysiące", etc.). Million is "milion", billion (meaning a thousand million) is "miliard", a million million is "bilion", a thousand million million is "biliard", and so on ("i.e.", the long scale is used).
Compound numbers are constructed similarly as in English (for example, 91 234 is "dziewięćdziesiąt jeden tysięcy dwieście trzydzieści cztery").
When a numeral modifies a noun, the numeral takes the expected case, but the noun may not; also the gender and number of the resulting noun phrase may not correspond to that of the noun. The following rules apply:
Polish also has a series of numerals called collective numerals "(liczebniki zbiorowe)", namely "dwoje" (for 2), "troje" (for 3), "czworo" (for 4), "pięcioro" (for 5), and so on. These are used with the following types of nouns:
For the declination of collective numerals by case, see the morphology article section. They all follow the rule that when the numeral is nominative or accusative, the noun becomes genitive plural, and the resulting noun phrase is neuter singular. In this case the genitive noun is also used after the instrumental of the numeral.
Certain quantifiers behave similarly to numerals. These include "kilka" ("several"), "parę" ("a few") and "wiele" ("much, many"), which behave like numbers above 5 in terms of the noun cases and verb forms taken. There are also indefinite numerals "kilkanaście, kilkadziesiąt, kilkaset" (and similar forms with "parę-"), meaning "several-teen", several tens and several hundred.
Quantifiers that always take the genitive of nouns include "dużo" ("much, many"), "mało" ("few, little"), "więcej" ("more"), "mniej" ("less") (also "najwięcej/najmniej" "most/least"), "trochę" ("a bit"), "pełno" ("plenty, a lot").
The words "oba" and "obydwa" (meaning "both"), and their derived forms behave like "dwa" etc. However the collective forms "oboje, obydwoje" (in the nominative/vocative), when referring to a married couple or similar, take the nominative form of the noun rather than the genitive, and form a masculine plural noun phrase ("oboje rodzice byli", "both parents were", cf. "dwoje rodziców było").
For the declination of all the above quantifiers, see the morphology article section.
Verbs.
Polish verbs have the grammatical category of aspect. Each verb is either "imperfective", meaning that it denotes continuous or habitual events, or "perfective", meaning that it denotes single completed events (in particular, perfective verbs have no present tense). Verbs often occur in imperfective and perfective pairs – for example, "jeść" and "zjeść" both mean "to eat", but the first has imperfective aspect, the second perfective.
Imperfective verbs have three tenses: present, past and future, the last being a compound tense (except in the case of "być" "to be"). Perfective verbs have a past tense and a simple future tense, the latter formed on the same pattern as the present tense of imperfective verbs. Both types also have imperative and conditional forms. The dictionary form of a verb is the infinitive, which usually ends with "-ć" (occasionally with "-c"). The present-day past tense derives from the old Slavic "perfect" tense; several other old tenses (the aorist, imperfect, and past perfect) have been dropped.
The present tense of imperfective verbs (and future tense of perfective verbs) has six forms, for the three persons and two numbers. For example, the present tense of "jeść" is "jem", "jesz", "je"; "jemy", "jecie", "jedzą" (meaning "(I) eat" etc. – subject pronouns may be dropped), while the future tense of the corresponding perfective verb "zjeść" is "zjem", "zjesz" etc. (meaning "(I) shall eat" etc.)
The verb "być" has the irregular present tense "jestem, jesteś, jest, jesteśmy, jesteście, są". It also has a simple future tense (see below).
The past tense agrees with the subject in gender as well as person and number. The basic past stem is in "-ł"; to this are added endings for gender and number, and then personal endings are further added for the first and second person forms. Thus, on the example of "być", the past tense forms are "byłem/byłam" ("I was", masc/fem.), "byłeś/byłaś", "był/była/było"; "byliśmy/byłyśmy" ("we were" masc. personal/all other), "byliście/byłyście", "byli/były". 
The conditional (also used as a subjunctive) is formed from the past tense plus "by", the personal endings (if any) coming after the "by". For example: "byłbym/byłabym" ("I would be", masc/fem.), "byłbyś/byłabyś", "byłby/byłaby/byłoby"; "bylibyśmy/byłybyśmy", "bylibyście/byłybyście", "byliby/byłyby".
The personal past tense suffixes, which are reduced forms of the present tense of "być", are clitics and can be detached from the verb to attach to another accented word earlier in the sentence, such as a question word (as in "kogoście zobaczyli" as an alternative to "kogo zobaczyliście" "whom did you see"), or (mostly in informal speech) an emphatic particle "że" ("co żeście zrobili?" "what did you do"). The same applies to the conditional endings ("kiedy byście przyszli" as an alternative to "kiedy przyszlibyście" "when would you come"). 
A special case of the above is found in subjunctive-like clauses, where the "by(-)" of the conditional is detached and used to introduce the clause, either alone or attached to the conjunction "a" or "że". For example, "that he (I) sing" might be "aby(m) śpiewał", "żeby(m) śpiewał" or "by(m) śpiewał". Such clauses may express "in order that", or be used with verbs meaning "want", "expect", etc.
The future tense of "być" ("be") follows the pattern of a typical present tense: "będę, będziesz, będzie, będziemy, będziecie, będą".
The future tense of other imperfective verbs is formed using the future of "być" together with the infinitive, or the past form (inflected for gender and number, but without any personal suffixes), of the verb in question. For example, the future of "robić" ("do, make") has such forms as "będę robić/robił/robiła", "będziecie robić/robili/robiły". The choice between infinitive and past form is usually a free one, but with modals governing another infinitive, the past form is used: "będzie musiał odejść" (not "będzie musieć...") "he will have to leave".
The second personal singular imperative is formed from the present tense by dropping the ending (e.g. "brać": 2/3S present "bierze(sz)", imperative "bierz"), sometimes adding "-ij" or "-aj". Add "-my" and "-cie" for the 1P and 2P forms. To make third-person imperative sentences (including with the polite second-person pronouns "pan" etc.) the particle "niech" is used at the start of the sentence (or at least before the verb), with the verb in the future tense (if "być" or perfective) or present tense (otherwise). There is a tendency to prefer imperfective verbs in imperative sentences for politeness; negative imperatives quite rarely use perfectives.
Other forms of the verb are:
Prepositions.
Polish uses prepositions, which form phrases by preceding a noun or noun phrase. Different prepositions take different cases (all cases are possible except nominative and vocative); some prepositions can take different cases depending on meaning.
The prepositions "z" and "w" are pronounced together with the following word, obeying the usual rules for consonant cluster voicing (so "z tobą" "with you" is pronounced "stobą"). Before some consonant clusters, particularly clusters beginning with a sibilant (in the case of "z") or with "f/w" (in the case of "w"), the prepositions take the form "ze" and "we" (e.g. "we Wrocławiu" "in Wrocław"). These forms are also used before the first-person singular pronouns in "mn-"; several other prepositions also have longer forms before these pronouns ("przeze mnie, pode mną" etc.), and these phrases are pronounced as single words, with the stress on the penultimate syllable (the "-e").
Common prepositions include:
Conjunctions.
Common Polish conjunctions include "i" (and less commonly "oraz") meaning "and", "lub" and "albo" meaning "or", "ale" meaning "but", "lecz" meaning "but" chiefly in phrases of the type "not "x" but "y"", "że" (or more formally sometimes "iż") meaning "that", "jeśli" meaning "if" (also "gdyby", where "by" is the conditional particle), "czy" meaning "whether" (also an interrogative particle), "kiedy" or "gdy" meaning "when", "więc", "dlatego" and "zatem" meaning "so, therefore", "ponieważ" meaning "because", "choć/chociaż" meaning "although", and "aby/żeby" meaning "in order to/that" (can be followed by an infinitive phrase, or by a sentence in the past tense; in the latter case the "by" of the conjunction is in fact the conditional particle and takes personal endings as appropriate).
In written Polish, subordinate clauses are normally set off with commas. Commas are not normally used before conjunctions meaning "and" or "or".
Syntax.
Word order.
Basic word order in Polish is SVO; however, as it is a synthetic language, it is possible to move words around in the sentence. For example, "Alicja ma kota" ("Alice has a cat") is the standard order, but it is also possible to use other orders to give a different emphasis (for example, "Alicja kota ma", with emphasis on "ma" ("has"), used as a response to an assertion of the opposite).
Certain words, however, behave as clitics: they rarely or never begin a clause, but are used after another stressed word, and tend to appear early in the clause. Examples of these are the weak pronouns "mi", "go" etc., the reflexive pronoun "się", and the personal past tense endings and conditional endings described under Verbs above.
Polish is a pro-drop language; subject pronouns are frequently dropped. For example: "ma kota" (literally "has a cat") may mean "he/she/it has a cat". It is also possible to drop the object or even sometimes verb, if they are obvious from context. For example, "ma" ("has") or "nie ma" ("has not") may be used as an affirmative or negative answer to a question "does... have...?".
Note the interrogative particle "czy", which is used to start a yes/no question, much like the French "est-ce que". The particle is not obligatory, and sometimes rising intonation is the only signal of the interrogative character of the sentence.
Negation is achieved by placing "nie" directly before the verb, or other word or phrase being negated (in some cases "nie-" is prefixed to the negated word, equivalent to English "un-" or "non-"). If a sentence contains a negative element such as "nigdy" ("never"), "nikt" ("no-one"), etc., the verb is negated with "nie" as well (and several such negative elements can be combined, as in "nikt nigdy nie robi nic", "no-one ever does anything", literally "no-one never doesn't do nothing"). 
The equivalent of the English "there is" etc. is the appropriate part of the verb "być" ("to be"), e.g. "jest..." ("there is..."), "są..." ("there are..."), "był(a/o)..." ("there was..."), etc., with a noun phrase in the nominative. The negative form is always singular (and neuter where applicable), takes the noun phrase in the genitive, and uses "ma" rather than "jest" in the present tense: "nie ma kota" ("there isn't a cat", also "the cat isn't there"), "nie było kota" etc. (as usual, the word order is not fixed).
Where two concepts are equated, the particle "to" is often used instead of a part of "być", with the nouns expressing the concepts in the nominative case (although verb infinitives can also be used here: "istnieć to cierpieć" "to exist is to suffer"). There are also sentences where "to" appears to be the subject of "być", but the complement is in the nominative and the verb agrees with the complement: "to jest..." ("this/it is..."), "to są...", "to był(a/o)...", etc.
Subjectless sentences.
There are various types of sentence in Polish that do not have subjects:
Noun syntax.
The use of the cases of nouns is as follows:
Like most Slavic languages, with the exception of Bulgarian and Macedonian, Polish uses no definite or indefinite articles. A noun such as "kot" may mean either "the cat" or "a cat".
Polish does not regularly place nouns together to form compound noun expressions. Equivalents to such expressions are formed using noun-derived adjectives (as in "sok pomarańczowy", "orange juice", where "pomarańczowy" is an adjective derived from "pomarańcza" "orange"), or using prepositional phrases or (equivalently) a noun in the genitive or other case.
A group of nouns connected by a word for "and" is treated as plural. It is masculine personal plural if it contains any male person (in fact, if it contains any person and any masculine noun).
Adjective syntax.
Adjectives generally precede the noun they modify, although in some fixed expressions and official names and phrases they can follow the noun (as in "język polski" "Polish language"; also "dzień dobry" "good day, hello").
Attributive adjectives agree in gender, number and case with the noun they modify. Predicate adjectives agree with the relevant noun in gender and number, and are in the nominative case, unless the subject is unspecified (as in some infinitive phrases), in which case the adjective takes the (masculine/neuter) instrumental form (for example, "być mądrym", "to be wise", although the nominative is used if the logical subject is specified). The instrumental is also used for adjectival complements of some other verbs, as in "czynić go mądrym" ("make him wise").
With pronouns such as "coś" ("something") (but not "ktoś" "someone"), if the pronoun is nominative or accusative, the adjective takes the genitive form ("coś dobrego" "something good").
Adjectives are sometimes used as nouns; for example, "zielony" ("green") may mean "the/a green one" etc.
Compound adjectives can be formed by replacing the ending of the first adjective with "-o", as in "formalno-prawny" ("formal (and) legal").

</doc>
<doc id="2839219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839219" title="Cleitus the White">
Cleitus the White

Cleitus the White (in Greek Kλείτoς Λευκός; died 318 BC) was an officer of Alexander the Great surnamed "White" to distinguish him from Cleitus the Black. He is noted by Athenaeus and Aelian for his pomp and luxury, and is probably the same who is mentioned by Justin among the veterans sent home to Macedonia under Craterus in 324 BC. 
After Alexander's death he reappears as commander of the Macedonian fleet for Antipater in the Lamian war, 323 BC, and defeated the Athenian admiral, Eetion, in two battles off the Echinades islands. In the distribution of provinces at Triparadisus, 321 BC, he obtained from Antipater the satrapy of Lydia; and when Antigonus was advancing to dispossess him of it, in 319 BC, after Antipater's death, he garrisoned the principal cities, and sailed away to Macedonia to report the state of affairs to Polyperchon. In 318 BC, after Polyperchon had been baffled at Megalopolis, he sent Cleitus with a fleet to the coast of Thrace to prevent any forces of Antigonus from passing into Europe, and also to effect a junction with Arrhidaeus, the satrap of Hellespontine Phrygia, who had shut himself up in the town of Cius. Nicanor being sent against him by Cassander, a battle ensued near Byzantium, in which Cleitus gained a decisive victory. But his success rendered him overconfident, and, having allowed his troops to disembark and encamp on land, he was surprised by Antigonus and Nicanor, and lost all his ships except the one in which he sailed himself. Having reached the shore in safety, he proceeded towards Macedonia, but was slain by some soldiers of Lysimachus, with whom he fell in on the way.

</doc>
<doc id="2839224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839224" title="Asahi-ku, Osaka">
Asahi-ku, Osaka

Asahi-ku borders the Osaka wards of: 
and the city of 
Moriguchi.
Transport.
Asahi-ku is served by the Tanimachi Line, and the Imazatosuji Line of the Osaka Municipal Subway and by the Keihan Main Line.
Stations:
Schools.
There are 10 elementary schools (years one to six), four junior high schools (three years), two public and one private high school (three years), and one private university.
Elementary Schools:
Furichi, Takadono, Takadono Minami, Shirokita, Shin Morishoji, Shimizu, Taishibashi, Omiya, Omiya Nishi.
Junior High Schools:
Kyokuyo, Kyokuto, Imaichi, Omiya.
High Schools:
Asahi, Yodogawa Kogyo, Osaka Kogyo University High School (private).
University:
Osaka Kogyo University.
Places of interest.
Places of interest include the Shirokita Park with its Iris Garden, the Yodogawa Wando (pools formed by the Yodogawa River, the Osaka Municipal Space of Art, and Senbayashi Shotengai (shopping arcade).
Senbayashi Shotengai is famous for its long covered shopping street. The shopping street even has a theme song that can be heard as you walk along the covered part of the street. Sembayashi-Omiya subway station can be found at the other end of the shopping street. The first Daiei store opened near this station. Some of the favorite stores have been the Kadoya Ice Cream Parlor, a popular hangout for students of the nearby highschool, and Enomoto Confectionary Gift Shop. There is also a fish market that specializes in whale meat.

</doc>
<doc id="2839227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839227" title="Daniel Hauben">
Daniel Hauben

Daniel Hauben (born May 23, 1956, Bronx, NY) is an American painter who grew up in the Bronx, and who often paints Bronx street scenes. Hauben has also painted outdoors around the world.
Education.
Hauben studied at the Museum School in Boston, MA and received a B.A. from the School of Visual Arts in NYC. Hauben works in such mediums as oils, textural oil relief, chalk pastel, etchings, bronze, cast paper, plaster, and glass.
Collections.
Hauben's work is in the collections of the Library of Congress, the White House, the Museum of the City of New York, the New York Public Library, the New York Historical Society, the Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum, the Villa-Haiss Museum, Pfizer Corporation, Harvard University, and in numerous other public and private collections.
Exhibitions.
Hauben has had solo exhibitions at the Bronx Museum of the Arts, the Michael Ingbar Gallery, Ache 700 Gallery in Austria, Amerika Haus in Berlin and the Deutsches-Amerikanisches Zentrum in Stuttgart, among others. Selected group exhibitions include: Lehman College Art Gallery, The Painting Center, John Szoke Gallery, Allan Stone Gallery, and the Kunst und Gewerbeverein in Regensburg, Germany.
Hauben has painted in India, Costa Rica, Italy, Germany, France, Spain, Hungary and Denmark, as well as in the US states of Virginia, California, Connecticut, Maine and Massachusetts. He has painted in Virginia extensively, where he has been an artist-in-residence at the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts ([http://www.vcca.com]) numerous times. He has also received residencies at Djerassi Art Colony and Villa Montalvo in California, Weir Farm in Connecticut, the Julia and David White Colony in Costa Rica, Fundacion Valparaiso in Spain, and the Oberpfaelzer Kuenstlerhaus in Germany.
Public Art Commissions.
Hauben was commissioned by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority of NYC to create the artwork for the Freeman Street (IRT White Plains Road Line) on the 2 & 5 elevated train line in the Bronx. The work consists of six faceted glass panels, created with inch-thick colored glass pieces that are held together with epoxy, all of which depict Bronx street scenes.
In 2007 the Americans for the Arts organization recognized Hauben's Freeman Street Station artwork (collectively titled "The El") as one of the top 40 works of public art in the nation.
In 2008 Hauben was selected to create all the artwork for the new North Instructional Building and Library of Bronx Community College. Ground was broken for the building in October 2008, with a completion date set for 2011. It was designed by Robert A. M. Stern Architects, and complements the original Stanford White plan for the campus. The artwork for the building includes 22 paintings depicting scenes of the Bronx by Hauben.
Personal life.
Hauben lives with his wife Judith Lane, a librettist and composer, in the Kingsbridge section of the Bronx.

</doc>
<doc id="2839229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839229" title="Clifton Hill Shot Tower">
Clifton Hill Shot Tower

Clifton Hill Shot Tower is an 80 metre (263 ft) tall shot tower on Clifton Hill in Melbourne, Australia. Clifton Hill Shot Tower was built beside Alexandra Parade in 1882 and resembles a chimney. The tower was operated by the Coops family, who also managed Coops Shot Tower, now located within the Melbourne Central Shopping Centre.
The shot tower is easily visible from both Alexandra Parade and the northern end of Hoddle Street. The shot tower is on the Victorian Heritage Register.

</doc>
<doc id="2839242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839242" title="Atlanta Exposition Speech">
Atlanta Exposition Speech

The Atlanta Cotton States and International Exposition Speech was an address on the topic of race relations given by Booker T. Washington on September 18, 1895. The speech laid the foundation for the Atlanta compromise, an agreement between African-American leaders and Southern white leaders in which Southern blacks would work meekly and submit to white political rule, while Southern whites guaranteed that blacks would receive basic education and due process in law.
The speech was presented before a predominantly white audience at the Cotton States and International Exposition (the site of Piedmont Park) in Atlanta, Georgia, the speech has been recognized as one of the most important and influential speeches in American history. The speech was preceded by the reading of a dedicatory ode written by Frank Lebby Stanton.
Washington began with a call to the blacks, who comprised one third of the Southern population, to join the world of work. He declared that the South was where blacks were given their chance, as opposed to the North, especially in the worlds of commerce and industry. He told the white audience that rather than relying on the immigrant population arriving at the rate of a million people a year, they should hire some of the nation's eight million blacks. He praised blacks' loyalty, fidelity and love in service to the white population, but warned that they could be a great burden on society if oppression continued, stating that the progress of the South was inherently tied to the treatment of blacks and protection of their liberties.
He addressed the inequality between commercial legality and social acceptance, proclaiming that "The opportunity to earn a dollar in a factory just now is worth infinitely more than the opportunity to spend a dollar in an opera house." Washington also endorsed segregation by claiming that blacks and whites could exist as separate fingers of a hand.
The title "Atlanta Compromise" was given to the speech by W.E.B Dubois, who believed it was insufficiently committed to the pursuit of social and political equality for blacks.
Major Motifs/Similes.
"Cast down your bucket where you are".
This phrase surfaced numerous times throughout Washington's speech. Generally, the phrase had different meanings for whites and blacks. For whites, Washington seemed to be challenging their common misperceptions of black labor. The North had been experiencing labor troubles in the early 1890s (Homestead Strike, Pullman Strike, etc.) and Washington sought to capitalize on these issues by offering Southern black labor as an alternative, especially since his Tuskegee Institute was in the business of training such workers. For blacks, however, the "Bucket motif" represented a call to personal uplift and diligence, as the South needed them to rebuild following the Civil War.
"Separate as the fingers, yet one as the hand".
This phrase appeared at the end of the speech's fifth paragraph. It is commonly referred to as the "Hand simile." Certain historians, like Louis Harlan, saw this simile as Washington's personal embrace of racial segregation. The entire simile reads as follows: Ultimately, many Southern whites (Porter King, William Yates Atkinson, etc.) praised Washington for including such a simile, because it effectively disarmed any immediate threat posed by blacks toward segregation (accommodationism).

</doc>
<doc id="2839250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839250" title="Frederick Bodmer">
Frederick Bodmer

Frederick Bodmer (actually "Friedrich Bodmer") (1893 or 1894 – after 1955) was a Swiss philologist and author of the popular book "The Loom of Language".
Life.
He wrote his PhD thesis in 1924 at University of Zurich on the topic "Studies about a dialog in Nathan of Lessing" ("Studien zum Dialog in Lessings Nathan"). After that he taught in Europe and at University of Cape Town. Later he held a position within the Department of Modern Languages at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He was succeeded in his position at MIT by Noam Chomsky in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="2839253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839253" title="Wojciech Bogusławski">
Wojciech Bogusławski

Wojciech Bogusławski (9 April 1757 – 23 July 1829) was a Polish actor, theater director and playwright of the Polish Enlightenment. He was the director of the National Theatre, Warsaw, ("Teatr Narodowy"), during three distinct periods, as well as establishing a Polish opera. He is considered the "Father of Polish theatre."
Early life.
Bogusławski was born into the minor nobility in Glinno, Poznań County, the son of land regent Leopold Bogusławski and Anna Teresa Linowski (see Pomian coat of arms. It is likely that he initially studied in Kraków before going on to attend a Piarist boarding school in Warsaw. In 1774 he traveled to the court of Bishop Kajetan Sołtyk, where he took part in the amateur theatre performances organized there. In 1775 he enlisted with the Lithuanian Footmen's Guard, and left the military three years later with the rank of officer cadet.
Career.
1778-1790.
Bogusławski embarked on his theatre career in 1778 by joining the troupe of Ludwik Montbrum, where he made his stage debut, and where his two-act, opera adaptation of Franciszek Bohomolec's cantata "Nędza uszczęśliwiona" (Misery Made Happy) was very well received.
In 1781 he began performing in Lviv with Agnieszka and Tomasz Truskolaski's troupe, but quickly returned to Warsaw. He was hired by the Polish National Theatre in 1782 and became its director a year later (1782–84), proving to be an enterprising impresario by organizing tours to cities like Grodno and Dubno. During this period he also established his own theatre in Poznań with the support of Stanisław August Poniatowski, but the venture quickly collapsed. He became a Freemason.
In 1785 Bogusławski founded another theatre in Vilnius, which he managed for the next five years. Among the plays he staged were Franciszek Zabłocki's "Fircyk w zalotach" (The Dandy's Courtship) (1785), and in 1786 gave the Polish premiere of Pierre Beaumarchais's scandalously revolutionary play The Marriage of Figaro. In Vilnius he assembled a troupe of accomplished actors whom he took with him when he returned to Warsaw, where he resumed directorship of the National Theatre.
1790-1794.
His second term as director of this institution, lasting from 1790 to the fall of the Kościuszko Uprising in 1794, consisted of building a real national stage with an artistic, social and civic mission. Boguslawski saw theatre primarily as a force for good, treating it as a platform for disseminating nationalist ideals: during the turbulent Great Sejm, 1788–92, state reforms were the subject of many productions at the National Theatre. A supporter of the reformist camp, Bogusławski created a repertoire addressing matters he saw as most important to Poles. During this period he also wrote for the theatre. After staging Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz's "Powrót posla" (The Return of the Deputy) (1791), Poland's first-ever political comedy, he wrote and staged a sequel to this drama titled "Dowód wdzięczności narodu" (Proof of the Nation's Appreciation) (1791) and followed this with Józef Wybicki's "Szlachcic Mieszczaninem" (The Noble Bourgeois) (1791).
He also wrote and staged "Henryk vi na Lowach" (Henry VI on a Hunting Excursion) (1792) and his most famous work, "Cud mniemany, Czyli krakowiacy i górale" (The Presumed Miracle, or Krakovians and Highlanders) (1794), Poland's first-ever opera, which he set to music by Stefani. Premiering on the eve of the Kościuszko Uprising, the production was banned by censors after just three performances. However, the public immediately understood the political allusions and soon people in Warsaw's streets were singing passages from “Krakovians”.
Bogusławski was due to be arrested for staging “The Presumed Miracle/Krakovians and Highlanders,” but apparently escaped through the intervention of the Royal Marshall Moszynski.
1794-1799.
Following the uprising’s collapse Bogusławski left Warsaw for Lviv, taking a substantial part of the theatre's costumes, props and the theatre's library with him. In Lviv he started another Polish theatre which operated under his guidance until 1799. Following extended negotiations with local censors he once again staged “Krakovians and Highlanders” in 1796, following this with a production of Shakespeare's Hamlet in 1797. In 1797 he also mounted an interesting production of his own melodrama titled "Iskahar, Król Guaxary" (Iskahar, King of Guaxara).
Bogusławski introduced Classical tragedies to the Polish stage and did the same for Shakespeare, mounting productions based on translations and adaptations of the Bard's works. He also wrote several original plays and translated, adapted, modified and adjusted to Polish realities many French, German, English and Italian plays. All told, he authored more than eighty tragedies, comedies, dramas and opera librettos.
Bogusławski was a proponent of classical French principles initially, but later shifted his focus to moralizing German dramas that he saw as being closer to life. He directed the plays of Jean Racine, Molière, Voltaire, Pierre Beaumarchais, Denis Diderot, Friedrich Schiller and Gotthold Ephraim Lessing. His interests not being limited to an ambitious repertoire, he also staged melodramas and vaudevilles that drew sizeable audiences as well as operas and ballets.
Bogusławski would almost immediately establish a Polish stage wherever he traveled, and these new theatres would continue to function as independent institutions after his departure.
Actors who emerged from his "school" also founded new theatres. He taught his collaborators gesture and diction while constantly promoting greater naturalness in acting. Bogusławski helped many actors to develop their talents, his protégés including Kazimierz Owsinski, Alojzy Żółkowski, Agnieszka and Tomasz Truskolaski, Franciszka Pierożyńska, Bonawentura Kudlicz, Józefa Ledóchowska, Ludwik Dmuszewski and many others.
As an actor he began by playing leading men, but his greatest acting triumphs came later, during his second term as director of the National Theatre, playing Old Dominic in "Taczka Occiarza" (1793 – his own adaptation of Sebastian Mercier's play "La Brouette de Vinagrier"), Ferdinand Kokiel in "Henry VI on a Hunting Excursion" and Bardos in "Krakovians and Highlanders". Though all these roles were common folk, Boguslawski was equally convincing as elderly characters, rulers or tyrants, and he played King Lear in Shakespeare's tragedy (1805), King Axur in Axur, a drama set to music by Antonio Salieri (1793), and Old Horace in Pierre Corneille's Horace (1793).
As a stage director, Bogusławski was adept at working with designers and musicians. He cooperated frequently with painters Antoni Smuglewicz, Jan Bogumił Plersch, Innocento Maraino and Antonio Scottio, and with exceptional musicians like Józef Elsner and Karol Kurpiński. His most interesting productions were those where he shaped multiple aspects – as writer and director, and often appearing in the leading role.
1799-1814.
In 1799 Boguslawski returned to Warsaw and became director of the National Theatre for the third time, retaining this position until 1814. During this period he also performed in a number of other Polish cities, including Poznań, Kalisz, Łowicz, Kraków and Gdańsk. He remained a favorite of vast segments of the audience, although critics increasingly accused him of manifesting "vulgar tastes".
In 1811 he organized Poland's first School of Drama, simultaneously writing a textbook titled "Dramaturgia, czyli nauka sztuki scenicznej dla Szkoły Teatralnej napisana przez Wojciecha Bogusławskiego w Warszawie 1812" (Dramaturgy, or an Instructional Stage Art Program for a Theatre School Written by Wojciech Bogusławski in Warsaw in 1812).
In 1814 he handed over his National Theatre "enterprise" to Ludwik Osiński, but remained linked to the theatre. Initially, he performed with his own troupe at the National Theatre, but later also appeared on other stages, including that in Vilnius. Toward the end of his life he wrote and published his "Dzieje Teatru Narodowego" (Annals of The National Theatre), and also compiled and printed his "Dzieła Dramatyczne" (Dramatic Works). Wojciech Bogusławski made his last stage appearance in 1827.
Death.
He died on 23 July 1829, age 68, at Warsaw.
He was commemorated on a Polish postage stamp issued as part of a set depicting dramatists in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="2839254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839254" title="Vitis rupestris">
Vitis rupestris

Vitis rupestris is a species of grape native to the Southern and Western United States that is known by many common names including July, sand, sugar, beach, bush, currant, ingar, rock, and mountain grape. It is used for breeding several French-American hybrids as well as many root stocks. Rupestris St. George has been widely used in breeding and as a root stock; it is perhaps the best known. 
"Vitis rupestris" is a self-supporting bushy plant that does not grow in the shade, and was once found in well-drained prairie draws that collect water. Grazing has forced it into less grazed creek beds. Heavy use of grazing and herbicides have killed out much of the population. "Vitis rupestris" has been listed as threatened or endangered by Indiana, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and Tennessee. Known locations of wild "Vitis rupestris" are quickly disappearing, which may threaten the future of this grape species.

</doc>
<doc id="2839255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839255" title="Mammalian target of rapamycin">
Mammalian target of rapamycin

The mechanistic target of rapamycin (serine/threonine kinase) (the HUGO-approved official symbol = MTOR; HGNC ID; HGNC:3942), also known as mammalian target of rapamycin, mTOR, or FK506-binding protein 12-rapamycin-associated protein 1 (FRAP1), is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MTOR" gene. MTOR is a serine/threonine protein kinase that regulates cell growth, cell proliferation, cell motility, cell survival, protein synthesis, and transcription. MTOR belongs to the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-related kinase protein family.
Discovery and history.
MTOR was first named as the mammalian target of rapamycin. Rapamycin was discovered in a soil sample from Easter Island, known locally as Rapa Nui, in the 1970s. The bacterium Streptomyces hygroscopicus, isolated from that sample, produces an antifungal that researchers named rapamycin after the island.
Rapamycin arrests fungal activity at the G1 phase of the cell cycle. In mammals, it suppresses the immune system by blocking the G1 to S phase transition in T-lymphocytes. Thus, it is used as an immunosuppressant following organ transplantation.
Molecular genetic studies in yeast (published in 1991) first identified FKBP12, TOR1, and TOR2 as the targets of rapamycin, studies that were conducted at the Biozentrum in Basel, Switzerland and Sandoz Pharmaceuticals (now Novartis) by Joseph Heitman, Rao Movva, and Mike Hall. They isolated rapamycin resistant mutants of "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" and discovered that mutations in any of three genes can confer rapamycin resistance. Two of the genes were named TOR1 and TOR2 for targets of rapamycin (TOR) and in honor of the Spalentor, a gate to the city of Basel where TOR was first discovered. The third gene is FPR1, which encodes the yeast ortholog of FKBP12 binding protein in the TOR complexes. Loss of function mutations in FPR1 confer resistance to rapamycin, and also to FK506, providing genetic evidence the FKBP12-drug complexes are the active intracellular agents. Mutations in TOR1 or TOR2 that confer FKBP12-rapamycin resistance are dominant gain of function mutations that alter single amino acid residues within the FRB domain and thereby block FKBP12-rapamycin binding Several years later, in 1994 the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) was identified and found to be the ortholog of the yeast Tor1/2 proteins and defined as the rapamycin target in mammals by David M. Sabatini and Solomon H. Snyder (Johns Hopkins University) and also by Robert Abraham (who first named it mTOR) and Stuart L. Schreiber (Harvard University). mTOR stands for mammalian Target Of Rapamycin and was named based on the precedent that TOR was first discovered via genetic and molecular studies of rapamycin-resistant mutants of Saccharomyces cerevisiae that identified Tor1 and Tor2 as the targets of rapamycin.
Function.
MTOR integrates the input from upstream pathways, including insulin, growth factors (such as IGF-1 and IGF-2), and amino acids. mTOR also senses cellular nutrient, oxygen, and energy levels. The mTOR pathway is dysregulated in human diseases, such as diabetes, obesity, depression, and certain cancers. Rapamycin inhibits mTOR by associating with its intracellular receptor FKBP12. The FKBP12-rapamycin complex binds directly to the FKBP12-Rapamycin Binding (FRB) domain of mTOR, inhibiting its activity.
Complexes.
MTOR is the catalytic subunit of two structurally distinct complexes: MTORC1 and MTORC2. Both complexes localize to different subcellular compartments, thus affecting their activation and function.
mTORC1.
mTOR Complex 1 (mTORC1) is composed of mTOR, regulatory-associated protein of mTOR (Raptor), mammalian lethal with SEC13 protein 8 (MLST8) and the non-core components PRAS40 and DEPTOR. This complex functions as a nutrient/energy/redox sensor and controlling protein synthesis. The activity of mTORC1 is stimulated by insulin, growth factors, serum, phosphatidic acid, amino acids (particularly leucine), and oxidative stress.
mTORC2.
mTOR Complex 2 (mTORC2) is composed of mTOR, rapamycin-insensitive companion of mTOR (RICTOR), MLST8, and mammalian stress-activated protein kinase interacting protein 1 (mSIN1). mTORC2 has been shown to function as an important regulator of the cytoskeleton through its stimulation of F-actin stress fibers, paxillin, RhoA, Rac1, Cdc42, and protein kinase C α (PKCα). mTORC2 also phosphorylates the serine/threonine protein kinase Akt/PKB at the serine residue S473 , thus affecting metabolism and survival. Phosphorylation of the serine stimulates Akt phosphorylation at a threonine T308 residue by PDK1 and leads to full Akt activation;
Rapamycin action on mTORC1 and mTORC2.
Rapamycin inhibits mTORC1, and this appears to provide most of the beneficial effects of the drug (including life-span extension in animal studies). Rapamycin has a more complex effect on mTORC2, inhibiting it only in certain cell types under prolonged exposure. Disruption of mTORC2 produces the diabetic-like symptoms of decreased glucose tolerance and insensitivity to insulin.
Physiological significance (KO phenotypes).
The mTORC2 signaling pathway is less clearly defined than the mTORC1 signaling pathway. Therefore, performing knockout experiments is a good way to shed light on more specific molecules and their roles in this pathway. Protein function inhibition using knockdowns and knockouts were found to produce the following phenotypes:
Clinical significance.
Aging.
Decreased TOR activity has been found to reduce aging in "S. cerevisiae", "C. elegans," and "D. melanogaster". The mTOR inhibitor rapamycin has been confirmed to increase lifespan in mice by independent groups at the Jackson Laboratory, University of Texas Health Science Center, and the University of Michigan.
It is hypothesized that some dietary regimes, like caloric restriction and methionine restriction, cause lifespan extension by decreasing mTOR activity. It is believed that this is achieved by limiting the essential amino acid leucine, a potent activator of mTOR. The administration of leucine into the rat brain has been shown to decrease food intake and body weight via activation of the mTOR pathway.
In a systems biology study by A. Kriete et al. 2010, effects of mTOR inhibition on aging are modeled: According to the free radical theory of aging, reactive oxygen species cause damage of mitochondrial proteins and decrease of ATP production. Subsequently, via ATP sensitive AMPK, the mTOR pathway is inhibited and ATP consuming protein synthesis is downregulated, since mTORC1 initiates a phosphorylation cascade activating the ribosome. Hence, the proportion of damaged proteins is enhanced. Moreover, disruption of mTORC1 directly inhibits mitochondrial respiration. These positive feedbacks on the aging process are counteracted by protective mechanisms: Decreased mTOR activity (among other factors) upregulates glycolysis and removal of dysfunctional cellular components via autophagy.
Alzheimer’s disease.
mTOR signaling intersects with Alzheimer’s disease (AD) pathology in several aspects, suggesting its potential role as a contributor to disease progression. In general, findings demonstrate mTOR signaling hyperactivity in AD brains. For example, postmortem studies of human AD brain reveal dysregulation in PTEN, Akt, S6K, and mTOR. mTOR signaling appears to be closely related to the presence of soluble amyloid beta (Aβ) and tau proteins, which aggregate and form two hallmarks of the disease, Aβ plaques and neurofibrillary tangles, respectively. In vitro studies have shown Aβ to be an activator of the PI3K/AKT pathway, which in turn activates mTOR. In addition, applying Aβ to N2K cells increases the expression of p70S6K, a downstream target of mTOR known to have higher expression in neurons that eventually develop neurofibrillary tangles. Chinese hamster ovary cells transfected with the 7PA2 familial AD mutation also exhibit increased mTOR activity compared to controls, and the hyperactivity is blocked using a gamma-secretase inhibitor. These in vitro studies suggest that increasing Aβ concentrations increases mTOR signaling; however, significantly large, cytotoxic Aβ concentrations are thought to decrease mTOR signaling.
Consistent with data observed in vitro, mTOR activity and activated p70S6K have been shown to be significantly increased in the cortex and hippocampus of animal models of AD compared to controls. Pharmacologic or genetic removal of the Aβ in animal models of AD eliminates the disruption in normal mTOR activity, pointing to the direct involvement of Aβ in mTOR signaling. In addition, by injecting Aβ oligomers into the hippocampi of normal mice, mTOR hyperactivity is observed. Cognitive impairments characteristic of AD appear to be mediated by the phosphorylation of PRAS-40, which detaches from and allows for the mTOR hyperactivity when it is phosphorylated; inhibiting PRAS-40 phosphorylation prevents Aβ-induced mTOR hyperactivity. Given these findings, the mTOR signaling pathway appears to be one mechanism of Aβ-induced toxicity in AD.
The hyperphosphorylation of tau proteins into neurofibrillary tangles is one hallmark of AD. p70S6K activation has been shown to promote tangle formation as well as mTOR hyperactivity through increased phosphorylation and reduced dephosphorylation. It has also been proposed that mTOR contributes to tau pathology by increasing the translation of tau and other proteins.
Synaptic plasticity is a key contributor to learning and memory, two processes that are severely impaired in AD patients. Translational control, or the maintenance of protein homeostasis, has been shown to be essential for neural plasticity and is regulated by mTOR. Both protein over- and under-production via mTOR activity seem to contribute to impaired learning and memory. Furthermore, given that deficits resulting from mTOR overactivity can be alleviated through treatment with rapamycin, it is possible that mTOR plays an important role in affecting cognitive functioning through synaptic plasticity. Further evidence for mTOR activity in neurodegeneration comes from recent findings demonstrating that eIF2α-P, an upstream target of the mTOR pathway, mediates cell death in prion diseases through sustained translational inhibition. 
Some evidence points to mTOR’s role in reduced Aβ clearance as well. mTOR is a negative regulator of autophagy; therefore, hyperactivity in mTOR signaling should reduce Aβ clearance in the AD brain. Several groups have proposed that disruptions in autophagy may be a potential source of pathogenesis in protein misfolding diseases, including AD. Studies using mouse models of Huntington’s disease demonstrate that treatment with rapamycin facilitates the clearance of huntingtin aggregates. Perhaps the same treatment may be useful in clearing Aβ deposits as well.
mTOR inhibitors as therapies.
mTOR inhibitors, e.g. rapamycin, are already used to prevent transplant rejection. Rapamycin is also related to the therapy of glycogen storage disease (GSD). Some articles reported that rapamycin can inhibit mTORC1 so that the phosphorylation of GS(glycogen synthase) can be increased in skeletal muscle. This discovery represents a potential novel therapeutic approach for glycogen storage diseases that involve glycogen accumulation in muscle. Various natural compounds, including epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG), caffeine, curcumin, and resveratrol, have also been reported to inhibit mTOR when applied to isolated cells in culture; however, there is as yet no evidence that these substances inhibit mTOR when taken as dietary supplements.
Some mTOR inhibitors (e.g. temsirolimus, everolimus) are beginning to be used in the treatment of cancer. mTOR inhibitors may also be useful for treating several age-associated diseases. Ridaforolimus is another mTOR inhibitor, currently in clinical development.
Interactions.
Mammalian target of rapamycin has been shown to interact with:

</doc>
<doc id="2839256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839256" title="You'll Never Get Away from Me">
You'll Never Get Away from Me

"You'll Never Get Away From Me" is the 26th episode of the ABC television series, "Desperate Housewives". The episode was the third episode for the show's second season. The episode was written by Tom Spezialy and Ellie Herman and was directed by Arlene Sanford. It originally aired on Sunday October 9, 2005.
Plot.
On a visit to Rex's grave, Bree is horrified to discover that they've dug up his body. Her mother-in-law Phyllis has "forgotten" to tell her about the insurance investigator's suspicions that Rex was poisoned. Bree promptly packs Phyllis's bags and sends her off in a taxi—and then insists on taking a polygraph test to clear herself of all suspicion. But when they ask her if she loves George, the readout spikes. She tells George that he has to take a polygraph test too, because now they suspect the two of them of conspiring to poison Rex. When he asks why she didn't pass her test, she admits she might have feelings for him after all. George agrees—and aces his test by telling lies so convincing that the detector shows he even believes them himself.
Carlos tells Gabrielle she's never really apologized for her affair and she throws in his face how much John said he loved her. On a nostalgic impulse, she follows John to his new job and is horrified to see him disappearing inside with the woman whose lawn he's cutting. After seeing them kissing, she grabs an electric hedge trimmer and destroys the woman's rose bushes. When John confronts her, she admits she did it, and asks how he can be with someone new if he still loves her. He says he'll dump the other woman if she wants him back but she reluctantly says no, it's better this way. At last she can go back to Carlos and tell him she is truly sorry. Carlos tells her it's the best anniversary present she ever gave him. And she tells him that her new car, which she bought without his knowledge, is the best present he's ever given her.
Lynette's new boss, Nina, says no when she asks to take the morning off to bring Parker to school for his first day. So Lynette rigs up a remote camera so she can be there—only she keeps getting called away to a meeting. She maneuvers a piping hot mug of coffee so that it spills in Nina's lap, canceling the meeting. She's then free to talk to Parker through his first day.
Mike goes to see how Felicia is doing and asks if she knows where he might be able to find Zach. She says that after Zach beat her and pushed her down the stairs, she's a little less interested in his well-being. She's also disappointed to hear that he didn't end up killing Paul and warns he'll be back looking for Zach himself.
Susan is furious to find out that Edie is going to accompany Julie on guitar in a church family talent show. She goes to Betty for help in brushing up her piano playing skills, but she catches her at a bad time, just as their mysterious prisoner in the basement has gotten free and had to be forcibly subdued. Betty refuses to help or let her in and explains the red stains on her shirt are because she was making a cherry pie.
Cast.
Although credited, Zach Young (Cody Kasch), Paul Young (Mark Moses), Preston Scavo (Brent Kinsman), and Porter Scavo (Shane Kinsman) do not appear in this episode.
Title reference.
The episode title "You'll Never Get Away From Me" comes from the Jule Styne song with lyrics by Stephen Sondheim sung by Mama Rose and Herbie in the musical, "".

</doc>
<doc id="2839258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839258" title="The Burning (film)">
The Burning (film)

The Burning is a 1981 slasher film directed by Tony Maylam, with music by Rick Wakeman. It tells the story of a cruel, alcoholic, sadistic caretaker at a summer camp (nicknamed "Cropsy" and based on the urban legend of Cropsey) who falls victim to a prank that went out of control which leaves him horribly burned and disfigured. Following his release from the hospital, he returns to his old stomping ground and begins a murder spree.
The film was one of the first from Miramax Films: Harvey Weinstein produced the film and Bob Weinstein was a co-writer. Jason Alexander, Fisher Stevens and Oscar winner Holly Hunter all made their motion picture debuts in this film.
Originally released theatrically in the United States by Filmways, the rights to "The Burning" currently belong to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Plot.
In 1976, at Camp Blackfoot, several campers pull a prank on the caretaker, "Cropsy". During the night they sneak into his cabin and set up a wormy skull next to his bed with candles in the eye sockets. When Cropsy is awoken by the campers banging on his window, he is so frightened by the skull that he knocks it onto his bed where it ignites his sheets and clothes. Aflame, Cropsy leaps from his bed and knocks over a gas tank, causing flames to spread through the cabin. The boys watch in shock as Cropsy, engulfed in flames, stumbles out and falls into a river.
Five years later, Cropsy is released from hospital, wearing a coat, sunglasses and hat to hide his deformities. Out of rage, he murders a prostitute by strangling her and repeatedly stabbing her in the chest with a pair scissors. He then sets out to another summer camp, Camp Stonewater. Cropsy arrives and tries to attack a female camper, Tiger, who is searching for a baseball in the woods, but he hesitates to kill her.
The next morning, camper Sally steps out of the shower and is surprised by camper Alfred, who then runs away. Sally's screams bring Karen, Michelle, Todd, and Eddy, who catch Alfred. Michelle demands Alfred leave, but Todd talks to him. Todd learns that Alfred has no friends, and was pulling a prank on Sally. Glazer, Sally's boyfriend, later attacks Alfred, but Todd tells Glazer to cool off, and Alfred apologizes to Sally.
That night, Alfred spots Cropsy outside his window, but no one believes him. At the mess hall, Karen tells Michelle that she and Eddy are going to sleep together. The kids all go on a canoe trip up the river. After supper, Karen and Eddy go to a lake to skinny dip. Just as Eddy and Karen are about to have sex, Karen reconsiders, upsetting Eddy. Upon leaving, Karen discovers her clothes strewn in the woods. As she collects them, Cropsy grabs her and slits her throat.
The next morning, Michelle finds Karen has not returned. She and Todd find Eddy, who tells them she left. They discover the canoes have been cut adrift on the lake that surrounds the camp. Michelle does not believe Karen is the culprit, so some campers including Todd, Michelle, Alfred, Glazer, Dave, Eddy, Sally, Woodstock, Tiger, Barbara, Marnie, Sophie, Diane, Fish, Alan, and Rhoda go and search far away from the camp. They create a raft to collect the canoes, while other campers and counselors gather wood. Eddy, Fish and Woodstock (Fisher Stevens) board the finished raft along with two female campers, Marnie and Barbara . Alfred begins to explore, while Todd reassures Michelle that Karen is fine. Eddy and the campers spot a canoe and paddle toward it. Woodstock reaches for the canoe only to have Cropsy jump out and kill them all with his shears. He stabs Fish in the chest, Marnie in the back, cuts Woodstock's hand and stabs him, stabs Eddy in the neck and Barbara, who is screaming and scrambling, is stabbed in the head.
Michelle starts to worry about Karen. As night falls, Glazer finally has sex with Sally, but suffers premature ejaculation. He later goes to get matches to start a fire and resume their intimacy. Cropsy appears behind Sally and forcibly shoves his shears into her chest, she fights to remove the shears but is killed. Alfred finds the spot where the couple is staying, and watches as Glazer returns. He uncovers Sally but Cropsy is hiding under Sally, Cropsy stabs his shears through Glazer's neck and pins him to a tree. Alfred returns to the others. He wakes Todd and tells him about what he just saw. Todd does not believe him until he finds the bodies. He is then attacked by Cropsy, who knocks him out and chases Alfred.
Alfred is chased, while Todd chases after Cropsy with an axe. The campers see a raft moving towards them with no one on board moving. When Michelle approaches the raft, she discovers it is full of dead bodies, Fish's severed arm falls on her head while she pulls him. She screams in horror while the other campers help her. Todd appears on the nearby island and goes to them. He tells them to evacuate as the campers are scared and panicking. On the island, she rows the remaining campers – Dave, Tiger, Barbara, Sophie, Alan and Rhoda towards the campsite. Meanwhile, Cropsy has captured Alfred and drags him towards an abandoned mine shaft. Todd follows nearby, eventually tracking down Alfred in the mine, where Cropsy has pinned him up to the wall with the shears through his arm.
Michelle returns with the campers and calls the police to helicopter the kids and survivors to safety. Todd looks through the mine opening for Cropsy and Alfred. When he steps across a piece of track, a mine car up on a raft rolls down, causing him to fall. He falls through a wall and discovers Karen's body hanging from the ceiling. He and Cropsy struggle as Cropsy is trying to kill Todd with a blowtorch, and when Cropsy's disfigurement is shown, Todd remembers he was involved in the original prank. Alfred frees himself and helps Todd by stabbing Cropsy in the back with his own shears, seemingly killing him. The police arrive, while Michelle travels by boat to find Todd and Alfred. While Todd and Alfred are leaving, Cropsy attacks them. Todd hits Cropsy in the face with an axe, then Alfred ignites his clothes with Cropsy's blowtorch. Afterward, Alfred and Todd make their way out to Michelle, who brings them to the helicopter and to the hospital. The film ends with another group of teenagers telling the story of Cropsy around the campfire.
Production.
The film was produced by the then-new company Miramax Films run by Harvey Weinstein and his brother Bob. Harvey wrote and produced while Bob co-wrote the screenplay. Brad Grey, who later became chairman and CEO of Paramount Pictures, was another of the film's writers.
With a budget of $1.5 million, they set out to capitalize on the booming slasher film craze that was soon to fizzle out. They also hired makeup effects maestro Tom Savini, who turned down a job for "Friday the 13th Part 2" to do "The Burning". Savini has stated that he was only given three days to design Cropsy's makeup, which is why the murderer doesn't look like a burn victim, but rather it appears that his features have "melted". The movie did not fare well with the MPAA, which demanded several scenes be cut to receive an R rating; one of these scenes being the infamous raft massacre scene in which Cropsy leaps out of an abandoned canoe and dismembers five campers in rapid succession.
Principal photography occurred in Western New York during the summer of 1980. However, extras casting agent and location scout Mary Casilio Powell reports that the camp and river scenes in the movie were shot at various camps in Olean and Franklinville, New York, while the concrete ruins scene was shot in Model City, a small town near Lewiston, New York and the scene with the prostitute was shot in downtown Buffalo. The film's climax was originally set in a cave system, but this idea was ultimately scrapped. Maylam and Savini give differing reasons for this; Savini stated that there was a cave-in shortly before filming was to commence, while Maylam states that the cave was found to be heavily infested with bats. Whatever the reason, the filmmakers instead shot the climax in an abandoned copper mine.
Release and censorship.
"The Burning" was given a limited release theatrically in the United States by Filmways Pictures beginning in May 1981. Various re-releases over the next year and a half under different titles including "Cropsey" led to little success as the film grossed $707,770 total at the box office.
"The Burning" found itself at the center of some controversy in the early 1980s when the uncut version of the film was released on videotape by the British video label Thorn-EMI; the company was supposed to release the slightly trimmed version passed by the British Board of Film Classification. The tapes were impounded under the Obscene Publications Act, and "The Burning" was added to the video nasties list. The two major scenes of contention were Cropsy's frantic mass-murder spree in the raft massacre sequence and the sight of a pair of scissors piercing a woman's flesh in the post-title sequence.
Vipco released a truncated version in the early 1990s, missing about twenty seconds' worth of Savini's gore effects, but by 2001 the censor board was ready to pass the uncut version. The film was made and labelled a Video Nasty
The Burning was released on DVD in North America for the first time ever on 11 September 2007 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The DVD contains several extras, including a commentary by director Tony Maylam, a featurette covering Savini's make-up effects, a stills gallery and the theatrical trailer. Despite the DVD cover displaying the 'R' rating, the print used is the full uncut version. Shout! Factory announced they would be releasing "The Burning" on Blu-ray Disc/DVD Combo Pack on May 21, 2013 under their sub-label Scream Factory.
Soundtrack.
A soundtrack album featuring Rick Wakeman's score was released on LP in 1981 in Europe and shortly after in the United States and Japan. It includes music from the film and rock band arrangements by Wakeman, known as The Wakeman Variations, as well as selections from the score written by Alan Brewer and Anna Pepper. Alan Brewer was musical director for the film and co-producer of the score and soundtrack album with Rick Wakeman.
On 26 February 2007, the soundtrack was released in the United Kingdom for the first time on CD.
Reception.
AllMovie gave the film a positive review, writing, "With deliberant pacing and shocking scenes of full-on gore, "The Burning" delivers on the creep-out levels and would probably be better regarded if not for the boom of familiar flicks that came out after this release."
The film currently holds a 100% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregate website.

</doc>
<doc id="2839260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839260" title="Revolutionary Forward Bloc">
Revolutionary Forward Bloc

Revolutionary Forward Bloc was a political party in Tamil Nadu, India. The party was founded in 1968 by S. Andi Thevar and Velayudham Nayar, following a split from the All India Forward Bloc.
In the 1971 legislative assembly election, S. Andi Thevar challenged the regional AIFB leader P.K. Mookiah Thevar. S. Andi Thevar was defeated, receiving 16 909 votes (25%) against 49 292 for P.K. Mookiah Thevar (75%).
In the 1977 Tamil Nadu legislative assembly election, RFB contested as part of the 'Progressive Front'. The front consisted of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, Congress (R), Communist Party of India, Tamil Nadu Muslim League, Tamil Nadu Toilers Party, Backward Classes Progressive Federation and RFB.
In 1979, following mediations by P.K. Mookkiah Thevar, RFB merged back into AIFB.

</doc>
<doc id="2839263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839263" title="Irish Republican Police">
Irish Republican Police

The Irish Republican Police (IRP) was the police force of the 1919–1922 Irish Republic and was administered by the Department for Home Affairs of that government.
Foundation.
The IRP was founded between April and June 1920 under the authority of Dáil Éireann. It was initiated by Richard Mulcahy the IRA Chief of Staff, and Cathal Brugha, Minister for Defence. It was handed over to the Minister for Home Affairs Arthur Griffith and later to his successor Austin Stack. Simon Donnelly, an IRA Staff Officer at GHQ, was transferred to the Department of Home Affairs as Chief of Police. At this time there were only six full-time Republican Police in Dublin city. Donnelly immediately instructed that a paid full-time policeman be appointed to each of the seventy-two IRA Brigade areas. They were chosen by the Brigades, and most though not all were IRA volunteers. The purpose of the IRP was to provide security for the Republican Courts, to enforce their judgements, to put into effect the Decrees of the Dáil and to maintain general order. It also occupied itself with such mundane matters as enforcing licensing regulations, dealing with theft and maintaining street patrols. From a propaganda perspective, as with all the institutions of the Irish Republic, it sought to put into effect secession from the United Kingdom. More specifically, the existence of the IRP was considered an important component in the campaign to undermine the authority of the Royal Irish Constabulary.
In 1920, the IRP had a presence in 21 of Ireland's 32 counties. In June 1920, the "Irish Bulletin" claimed that the IRP had arrested 84 criminals in 24 counties within 13 days.
Functioning.
The IRP faced considerable difficulties in enforcing its authority. It was viewed as an illegal and subversive body by the British government and as a result, members of the IRP were shot or arrested by Crown Forces as for example the killing of James Cogan (Séamus de Cógáin) on 21 July 1920 by British soldiers. He had two men in custody, accused of stealing cattle, when he drove his car through a military check-point which came under fire. Even after the 1921 Truce, the RIC challenged the authority of the Dáil Courts and threatened its officials.
The operation of the IRP was also made difficult by some confusion regarding the separation of civil and military structures during the Irish War of Independence. For individual volunteers, their military role as members of the Irish Republican Army and their police function in the IRP were not always clearly differentiated nor was this difference always obvious to the general public.
The IRP had no permanent jails or prisons in which to confine suspects and offenders. Despite this obvious limitation in a system of criminal justice, improvised solutions were found to detain prisoners. Some of those convicted by the Republican Courts were expelled from the area and even from the country. In one incident, three offenders who had been banished by a Republican Land Court to an island off the coast of County Clare for three weeks refused to be rescued by the RIC declaring that as citizens of the Irish Republic, the RIC had no jurisdiction over them. Abandoned buildings in isolated areas were also used for detention, as in the case of a former barracks in the Nire Valley deep in the Comeragh Mountains. A suggestion by the Chief of Police that "incorrigible criminals" should be flogged was turned down by his superiors as "a barbarous form of punishment".
Policing emigration.
On 4 June 1920, Cathal Brugha as Minister for Defence, issued a manifesto condemning those who had emigrated during the war as 'deserters' and 'degenerates'. There quickly followed a proclamation from the Dáil with instructions regarding the procedure for obtaining an Emigration Permit. For legal travel other than to Britain, (which still required an internal Travel Permit) a British Passport was necessary and often a visa from the receiving state. The Republican Police were charged with the responsibility of issuing Permit application forms, forwarding them with the specified fee of five shillings to the Minister for Home Affairs, and transmitting to the applicant the permit or, more generally a letter of refusal. The irony of the IRP on the one hand enforcing deportation orders as a punishment, while on the other preventing voluntary emigration of people personally known to them, was not lost on local IRP members. There is considerable correspondence from local officials seeking a more lenient interpretation of the Emigration ban by the Department. It may be that because it was so rigidly applied with little apparent prospect of being enforced that it was widely ignored. This served to further undermine the authority of local officers. The Department responded by ordering shipping companies and Emigration Agents not to receive money from prospective migrants that did not possess a Permit under threat of their premises being raided or burned. The manager at the offices of Thomas Cook, a prominent travel company in Grafton Street, Dublin, narrowly avoided being killed for persistent non-compliance with this instruction. Simon Donnelly had ordered him to be shot, however Austin Stack decided instead on the destruction of the offices. The operation was scheduled for the morning of 11 July 1921, but had not been carried out before the Truce took effect at noon that day.
Organisation.
IRP recruits generally came from the ranks of the Irish Republican Army. In the city of Cork, where the IRP had a considerable presence, the IRA elected officers for duty with the IRP. The following extract taken from a contemporary memo, gives a precise overview of the numbers involved nationwide as reported by the officer in charge.
"The Police were formally organised according to the military areas, and the Brigade was the basis of organisation. The details of strength were:-One Brigade Police Officer for the area.One Officer for each Battalion Area.One Company Officer and four men for each Company Area.The approximate strength of the force under this scheme was 72 Brigade Officers, about 340 Battalion Officers, 1,910 Company Officers and 7,640 rank and file. This force was, of course, rather big but owing to the fact that the men were untrained and were working under great difficulty and under extraordinary circumstances, it was found necessary to retain them. The scheme came into operation last June (ed. 1921)."
The members of the IRP wore no uniform, however some wore armbands with the letters IRP
Civil war and replacement of IRP.
On 25 August 1922, following the outbreak of civil war, the Adjutant-General of the National Army addressing Kevin O'Higgins, Acting Minister of Home Affairs, issued an internal memorandum regarding the local policing situation in Cork. This was done on his return to Dublin from a tour of inspection in the south of the country. Gearóid O'Sullivan reported that
"prior to and during the Irregular occupation of Cork, the work of policing the city was carried on by the Irish Republican Police. These men were paid by the Merchants, who voluntarily paid up to £200 for the purpose. They were admitted on all sides to have been fairly efficient in preventing ordinary crime, but when the Irregulars fled the city at the approach of the National Forces, Cork was without a police force of any sort. Robbery, burglary and looting became rife."
As a replacement, he confirmed authorisation for the establishment of a force of one hundred locally recruited men, to be paid at a rate of £3 6s 0d per week by the Government. The force was called the Cork City Civil Patrol. Recruiting had commenced on 11 August and they were drawn from 'neutral' IRA men, and former British Army and Navy personnel. They were to be augmented by 50 Civic Guards from Dublin, and those found suitable would be gradually absorbed onto the new national police force. The Cork police were unarmed and in lieu of a uniform wore "a white brassard with the letters CCP inscribed on it in black." In case there was any doubt that they were, at least temporarily, under the authority of the Army rather than the Department of Defence much less Home Affairs, each new member took the following pledge:
I hereby undertake and agree to obey the lawful orders of Captain Joseph MacCarthy, or any other officer nominated by General Dalton for the time being in charge of the Patrol. I acknowledge that any employment is purely temporary and agree that one weeks notice on either side may terminate same,<br>
Dated this ______ day of August 1922

</doc>
<doc id="2839271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839271" title="Purpose trust">
Purpose trust

A purpose trust is a type of trust which has no beneficiaries, but instead exists for advancing some non-charitable purpose of some kind. In most jurisdictions, such trusts are not enforceable outside of certain limited and anomalous exceptions, but some countries have enacted legislation specifically to promote the use of non-charitable purpose trusts. Trusts for charitable purposes are also technically purpose trusts, but they are usually referred to simply as charitable trusts. People referring to purpose trusts are usually taken to be referring to non-charitable purpose trusts.
Trusts which fail the test of charitable status usually fail as non-charitable purpose trusts, although there are certain historical exceptions to this, and some countries have modified the law in this regard by statute. The court will not usually validate non-charitable purpose trusts which fail by treating them as a power. In "IRC v Broadway Cottages Trust" [1955 Ch 20 the English Court of Appeal held: "I am not at liberty to validate this trust by treating it as a power. A valid power is not to be spelled out of an invalid trust."
Conceptual objections.
The basis for the general prohibition against non-charitable purpose trusts is usually phrased on one or more of several specific grounds.
The beneficiary principle.
It is the opinion of Byrne (2014) that a trust is, at its root, an obligation. And accordingly Peter Shell agrees that, "every trust must have a definite object. There must be someone, maybe Ste Delaney, of which the court can decree performance." With a charitable trust, this power of enforcement is usually vested in the Attorney General. However, such conceptual objections seem less strong since the decision of the House of Lords in "McPhail v Doulton" [1971 AC 424 where Lord Wilberforce rode roughshod over objections to widening the class of valid discretionary trusts on the basis that there would be difficulty ascertaining beneficiaries for the court to enforce the trust in favour of.
Where the objects of a trust are a purpose rather than an individual or individuals, there is much greater risk that a trust would not be enforceable due to lack of certainty. Cases such as "Morice v Bishop of Durham" (1804) 9 Ves Jr 399 and "Re Astor" Ch 534 re-affirm the court's disinclination to enforce trusts that are not specific and detailed. It is noteworthy that the common law exceptions to the general prohibition on purposes trusts tend to relate to specific and detailed matters, such as maintenance of a specific tomb, or caring for a particular animal.
Excessive delegation of Lord Shell's power.
Purpose trusts have been attacked conceptually on the basis that it would amount to the delegation of a testamentary power, although subsequent cases have cast doubt on the correctness of that reasoning.
Perpetuity.
Charitable purpose trusts are exempt from the rule against perpetuities. Private trusts are not. Accordingly, all non-charitable purposes trusts, to be valid, need to comply with the perpetuity rules in the relevant jurisdiction.
Common law exceptions.
There are, nonetheless, several well recognised exceptions at common law where non-charitable purposes trusts will be upheld.
Tombs and monuments.
Provisions for the building or maintenance of tombs or monuments have been upheld as a matter of grave concern in common law, although solely on the basis of ancient precedent. In "Re Hooper" 1 Ch 38 a trust for the maintenance of graves was upheld, but the court indicated that it would not have done so had it not been bound by "Barr v Byrne" [1896 WN 86. Such trusts still need to comply with the requirement of certainty. Hence a bequest to a Parish council for "the purpose of providing some useful memorial to myself" was struck down.
Animals.
Trusts for the care of specific animals have been upheld. In "Re Dean" (1889) 41 Ch D 552, North J upheld a trust for maintenance of horses and hounds for 50 years relying upon much older authorities and the monument cases.
"Quistclose" trusts.
Historically, "Quistclose" trusts have sometimes been considered to be purpose trusts, but the modern view is that they are resulting trusts to the settlor subject to a power to dispose of the assets in a predetermined fashion. It is appropriate to note that Shell (2014) was able to comply with the bequest of a Parish council "aiming to redeem the quistclose trust".
Others.
In most academic textbooks, there are usually a swath of "other" purpose trusts or purported purpose trusts that are held up as a residual anomalous category. The most commonly cited example is "Re Thompson" 342 where a gift to a friend of the testator for the promotion and furthering of fox hunting was upheld. It has been suggested academically that the case has "been elevated to a position of importance which it does not merit".
In "Re Endacott" Ch 232 it was made clear that the existing exceptions at common law would not be extended; they were described as "troublesome, anomalous and aberrant".
Mistakes about the Common Law.
Paul BW Chaplin has argued in the book "Purpose Trusts" (Butterworths 1999) that the courts took a wrong turn in the mid 20th century and ignored hundreds of previous years of judicial precedents in which purpose trusts of all kinds had been upheld as valid. He contends that the "beneficiary principle" has been misunderstood. His views have received support from Professor Jill Martin and others.
Statutory exceptions.
A number of offshore jurisdictions have enacted statutes which expressly validate non-charitable purpose trusts outside of the small group of specific exceptions recognised at common law. Some of the jurisdictions which have done so include the Bahamas, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands and the Cayman Islands.
Characteristically, in those jurisdictions a non-charitable purpose trust requires a written trust instrument and the trust instrument must specify a protector or enforcer who will have "locus standi" to enforce the terms of the trust against the trustees. This role is created to address the concerns expressed by the courts as to how the courts would have power to control the trustees.
However, no real steps have been taken in any of those jurisdictions to address the fundamental conceptual issues of where the beneficial title to the trust assets should be regarded as residing whilst they form part of the trust fund. Arguably, if no other person is regarded as having a beneficial claim to the assets, they would be regarded as being owned solely by the trustees, which could have disastrous tax implications for the trustees.
Unincorporated associations.
Special problems arise in connection with the holding of property by unincorporated associations of persons. Whereas a company has separate legal personality and can hold property, with certain statutory exceptions, unincorporated associations of persons cannot. Accordingly, where an unincorporated association is formed for a non-charitable purpose (which is most often the case), a gift to an unincorporated association can fail as an invalid purpose trust. However, the courts have usually tried to avoid such a result by construing the gift as a gift to the "members" of the unincorporated association. The difficulty is that such a gift would then have to be construed as a distributive gift to the individual members, rather than a purposive gift for the objects of the unincorporated association. In "Re Recher's Will Trust" Ch 526 a more purposive approach was taken, and Brightman J held that a gift to The London and Provincial Anti-Vivisection Society was to be construed as a beneficial gift in favour of the members, not so as to entitle them to an immediate distributive share, but as an accretion to the funds of the society subject to the contract of the members as set out in the rules. Further, it was held that such a construction would be possible whether the society was inward looking (i.e. existed to promote the interests of its members) or outward looking (i.e. existed to promote some external cause or purpose).

</doc>
<doc id="2839272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839272" title="List of bridges spanning the Bosphorus strait">
List of bridges spanning the Bosphorus strait

The bridges spanning the Bosphorus strait in Istanbul, Turkey are:

</doc>
<doc id="2839273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839273" title="The Monks (UK band)">
The Monks (UK band)

The Monks were an English 
pop band formed in the late 1970s, by former members of Strawbs - Richard Hudson, John Ford (vocals, guitars, synthesisers) and Brian Willoughby, along with Terry Cassidy (vocals and synthesisers) and Clive Pierce (drums).
History.
Hudson played guitar, having switched from drums. Their first album, "Bad Habits", was recorded and released in 1979 after the success of the number 19 hit single in the UK Singles Chart — "Nice Legs Shame About Her Face". The song was originally a demo not intended for release and Ford later commented in "Mojo" magazine, that "it was a bit of a problem when it was a hit." They dabbled with 1930s style music in 1980 as 'High Society', before in 1981 returning to the pseudo-punk format of The Monks for a follow-up album released in Canada only. Chris Parren (keyboards) joined for that second album, "Suspended Animation". Willoughby was replaced by Huw Gower during the tour for that album which occurred in 1982.
While the album failed to produce further UK chart success, the band were significant in Canada particularly, playing stadium gigs; "Suspended Animation" went gold in Canada, and pushed sales of "Bad Habits" to double platinum certification in 1982. 
"Drugs In My Pocket" was also a Top 20 single in Canada in the fall of 1980. The CD re-release of "Suspended Animation" included six bonus tracks, recorded for a third album, but never before released, by Hudson, Ford and Cassidy — Huw Gower guested on one track on lead guitar.
In 2004, John Ford featured "Nice Legs Shame About Her Face" and "Suspended Animation" on his solo album Backtracking released on Whole Shot Records.
In 2012, founding member, John Ford opened for The Monk's Bad Habits Tribute concert at Toronto's Horseshoe Tavern organized by Thomas D'Arcy. John Ford was presented with a Double-Platinum Award for "Bad Habits" from EMI at The Monk's Bad Habits Tribute concert and appeared on a track-by-track cover album. In addition to Canadian musicians such as Chris Colohan, John Kastner, Ian Blurton, and Chris Murphy.
Their song "Ain't Gettin' Any" was covered by The Slickee Boys, and appears on their live album, "A Postcard from the Day".

</doc>
<doc id="2839274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839274" title="Britton Keeshan">
Britton Keeshan

Britton Keeshan MD, MPH (born December 1, 1981), is one of the youngest persons to climb the tallest mountains on all seven continents in a feat known as the Seven Summits. He accomplished this feat on May 24, 2004, when he successfully summited Mount Everest at the age of 22 years and 179 days old. Keeshan held the record until June 2005 and is now listed as fourth on the list.
Keeshan is the grandson of Bob Keeshan, the children's performer better known as Captain Kangaroo. He had a close relationship with his grandfather, and he buried a photo of the two of them at the summit of Mount Everest.
Keeshan is a graduate of Phillips Academy, Middlebury College, Dartmouth College, and the University of Vermont College of Medicine.
He is currently a resident physician at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="2839275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839275" title="Christopher Wreh">
Christopher Wreh

Christopher Wreh (born 14 May 1975, in Monrovia) is a retired Liberian international footballer. He was a member of the Arsenal side which won the Premier League and FA Cup double in 1997–98.
He won 36 caps for Liberia, scoring 11 goals, and was in their squad for the 1996 Africa Cup of Nations.
Career.
A cousin of former FIFA World Player of the Year George Weah, Wreh first played for Liberian clubs Young Kotoko, La Modelle International and Invincible Eleven, before being snapped up by French side AS Monaco as a youth in 1989. A centre forward, Wreh was mainly on the fringes of the Monaco side, and spent a period on loan at Guingamp, where he played in the 1997 Coupe de France final (which Guingamp lost on penalties). In the meantime, Wreh had made his debut for Liberia in 1995, and would go on to win 36 caps for his country, scoring 11 goals.
Wreh signed for Arsenal in the summer of 1997 for £300,000, linking up with his former boss at Monaco, Arsène Wenger. He rose to prominence in the summer of 1997 when he took part in a Liberian game show which included one challenge where he managed to outrun a lion. Although fourth choice behind Ian Wright, Dennis Bergkamp and Nicolas Anelka, Wreh still played an important part in the Gunners' Double-winning season of 1997–98, scoring in vital 1–0 Premier League wins against Wimbledon and Bolton Wanderers, and scoring the only goal of the Gunners' FA Cup semi-final win over Wolverhampton Wanderers. Wreh went on to start in the 1998 FA Cup Final, and although he did not score, Arsenal beat Newcastle United 2–0.
Despite scoring in the 1998 FA Charity Shield against Manchester United, Wreh could not sustain his previous form and he played fewer and fewer games and that proved to be his final goal for the club; after the arrival of Thierry Henry and Davor Šuker at the club in 1999 he was squeezed out altogether. He had brief loan spells with Birmingham City (where he scored once against Grimsby), AEK Athens and Den Bosch, but none of these were made permanent. He left Arsenal in 2000, having scored 5 times in 46 matches (most of them as substitute).
Wreh's career never reached the same heights as it had at Arsenal, as he became somewhat of a journeyman footballer. He initially signed for Saudi Arabian side Al-Hilal, then returned to the UK in 2001 with brief stints at Bournemouth and St Mirren, but fitness problems meant he rarely got a game. After trying his luck at Bishop's Stortford, he played for United Counties League side Buckingham Town. 
In 2007, he returned to football, signing for Perseman Manokwari of the Indonesian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="2839278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839278" title="Aois-dàna">
Aois-dàna

The Aois-dàna (Scottish Gaelic), or "Áes Dána" (Old Irish) (), literally meaning "people of the arts"; often translated as bards served as advisers to nobles and chiefs of clans throughout the Scottish Gàidhealtachd until the late 17th century. Many of them specialised in preserving the genealogy of families and recited family trees at the succession of chieftains. 
The "Aois-dàna" were held in high esteem throughout the Scottish Highlands. As late as the end of the 17th century, they sat in the "sreath" or circle among the nobles and chiefs of families. They took the preference of the "ollamh" or doctor in medicine. After the extinction of the druids, they were brought in to preserve the genealogy of families, and to repeat genealogical traditions at the succession of every chieftain. They had great influence over all the powerful men of the time. Their persons, their houses, their villages, were sacred. Whatever they asked was given them; not always, however, out of respect, but from fear of their satire, which frequently followed a denial of their requests. They lost by degrees, through their own insolence and importunity, all the respect their order had so long enjoyed, and consequently all their wonted profits and privileges. The Lord Lyon of Scotland may well have his roots in something parallel.
Martin Martin says of them:
Among the ancient Brythons there were, according to Jones an order of bard called the "Arwyddwardd", i.e. the ensign bard or herald at arms, who employed himself in genealogy, and in blazoning the arms of princes and nobles, as well as altering them according to their dignity or deserts.
The related term, Aosdána is used in Ireland currently for an exclusive group of artists and writers.

</doc>
<doc id="2839283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839283" title="Brookton, Western Australia">
Brookton, Western Australia

Brookton is a town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, Australia, from the state capital, Perth via the Brookton Highway where it crosses the Great Southern Highway. The town is on the Great Southern railway line. It is within, and is the seat of government for, the Shire of Brookton. At the 2006 census, Brookton had a population of 576.
History.
The first settler and founder of the Brookton district, John Seabrook (1818–1891), moved to the area in 1846 soon after marrying, and named his property "Brookton House". He remained the only European in the area, aside from itinerant sandalwood cutters, until his stepson, A.W. Robinson, took up adjacent land in 1864. During the 1860s and 1870s, more settlers moved into the area, and took on sandalwood cutting (it sold for £9 per ton) as well as wheat and sheep farming.
In June 1889, when the Great Southern Railway opened, Brookton was one of the original stations. The station proved to be the catalyst that created a centre for the isolated farms, and the government gazetted a townsite here in 1895 and named it "Seabrook" but local acceptance of the station name and confusion with another Seabrook near York resulted in the townsite's name being changed to Brookton in 1899. The townsite attracted a few businesses and by 1903, the tiny settlement comprised a school, hotel, bank and a few shops. The Old Police Station Museum located in the town is the base of the local historical society and contains artifacts and memorabilia of the early settlement days.
A bulk wheat bin was opened in December 1940 an began receiving large amounts of grain immediately. In 1941 the wheat harvest of the surrounding area was about 90,000 bushels all delived to the local bulk wheat bin. This was about 5,000 bushels down from the previous year.
Present day.
Brookton is located on Great Southern Highway, east of Perth via Brookton Highway and is a key agricultural centre for a rich mixed farming district. At the 2001 census, it reported a population of 576. It contains a TAFE centre, and in addition, a district high school (opened 1960, replacing a primary school), Bendigo Bank, shopping facilities, accommodation (hotel, motel, caravan park), council offices and a telecentre are located within the town. Bi-annually, it hosts the Old Time Motor Show.
The town is a stop on the Transwa bus service to Albany.

</doc>
<doc id="2839284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839284" title="Plungė District Municipality">
Plungė District Municipality

Plungė District Municipality (Samogitian: "Plongės rajuons") is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania.
Tourism and pilgrimage.
Major tourist attraction is Lake Plateliai and nearby town Plateliai. All year round and especially in summer, this municipality attracts many pilgrims from all over the world to its annual Christian celebrations in Žemaičių Kalvarija.
Municipality council.
Plungė District Municipality Council is the governing body of the Plungė District Municipality. it is responsible for municipality laws. The council is composed of 25 member elected for four-year terms.
The council is the member of The Association of Local Authorities in Lithuania.
Elderships.
There are 11 elderships in Plungė district municipality:

</doc>
<doc id="2839285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839285" title="National Forward Bloc">
National Forward Bloc

National Forward Bloc was a political party in Tamil Nadu, India. The party was founded in 1977 by K. Kandaswamy and T.P.M. Periyasami, following a split from the All India Forward Bloc.
In 1980 NFB suffered a split, as a group led by C. Ayyanan Ambalam left to found the Pasumpon Forward Bloc.
In 1981, NFB and PFB merged and formed the Tamil Nadu Forward Bloc.

</doc>
<doc id="2839286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839286" title="Aoghairean">
Aoghairean

The Aoghairean of the Hebrides, Scotland, according to Thomas Pennant, were farm servants who have the charge of cultivating a certain portion of land, and of overseeing the cattle it supports. They have grass for two milch cows and six sheep, and also have one tenth sheaf of the produce of the said ground, and as many potatoes as they choose to plant.
The term is plural; its singular form would be "aoghair".

</doc>
<doc id="2839289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839289" title="Pasumpon Forward Bloc">
Pasumpon Forward Bloc

Pasumpon Forward Bloc was a political party in Tamil Nadu, India. The party was founded in 1980 by C. Ayyanan Ambalam, following a split from the National Forward Bloc (NFB). In 1981, NFB and PFB merged and formed the Tamil Nadu Forward Bloc.
The party name referred to the late Forward Bloc leader Pasumpon Muthuramalinga Thevar.

</doc>
<doc id="2839296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839296" title="Salm (Moselle)">
Salm (Moselle)

The Salm is a 63 km-long river in western Germany (Rhineland-Palatinate), a left-bank tributary to the river Moselle. It rises in the Eifel, near the village of Salm, south of Gerolstein. The Salm flows generally south, through Großlittgen, Dreis, and Salmtal. It passes west of Wittlich. It empties into the Moselle in Klüsserath.

</doc>
<doc id="2839299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839299" title="Don't Go in the Woods (1981 film)">
Don't Go in the Woods (1981 film)

"Don't Go in the Woods" is a 1981 slasher film directed by James Bryan, and written by Garth Eliassen.
Plot.
As something kills a hysterical woman, and a bird watcher, four friends (Peter, Joanne, Ingrid, and Craig) trek through the wilderness. A tourist is thrown over a waterfall (landing near some oblivious frolickers) and his mother is wounded, and dragged away. The four backpackers set up camp for the night, and elsewhere a pair of honeymooners are attacked in their van, and murdered. The next day, the two couples continue their hike, while an artist is stabbed to death, and her young daughter is taken.
Two more campers are butchered, and while off on his own, Peter witnesses a fisherman be murdered by the killer, a spear-wielding wild man adorned in furs and rags. Peter rushes off to warn his friends, who the maniac gets to first, spearing Craig, and sending Joanne fleeing into the woods. Peter finds Ingrid, and after the two stumble upon the wild man's cabin, they accidentally attack another hiker, thinking he was the savage. The killer finishes off the hiker, and wounds Ingrid, but she and Peter escape, and eventually reach civilization, and alert the authorities to the backwoods psychopath.
Irrational due to guilt over leaving Joanne behind, Peter escapes from the hospital he and Ingrid are brought to, and returns to the woods to look for her. Joanne finds a campsite containing a dead body, then the cabin, where the killer hacks her to death with a machete. A posse (which includes Ingrid) is formed to take out maniac, and look for Peter and Joanne. The sheriff finds the cabin, where he uncovers Joanne's body, which Peter sees, leaving him even more distraught.
By nightfall, the wild man claims another victim (a man in a wheelchair who is decapitated) and Ingrid steals a machete, and goes off on her own to look for Peter. In the morning, Peter and Ingrid find each other, and the savage, who they stab to death in a frenzy, only stopping when they notice the search party staring at them in shock. As everyone clears out of the forest, the baby that was taken from the artist is shown alone in the wilderness, playing with a hatchet.
Production.
After the release of his earlier film Boogie Vision, director James Bryan decided on making a horror film set in the Rocky Mountains as his next film project. The films was supposedly based on local rumors about a number of hitchhikers who had reportedly fallen victim to a suspected serial killer. The film was shot in the summer of 1980 during the director's seven year sojourn, director Bryan shot the film in outdoor locations in order to save money on the film's lighting.
Reception.
Allmovie panned the film, writing, "This splatter hack-job was forged during the slasher gold rush of the early '80s, and though it's inept enough to inspire guffaws for those who find ineptness amusing, there's nothing to recommend for connoisseurs of horror". "Don't Go in the Woods" was also lambasted by DVD Verdict, which stated "Aside from one nasty bit with a bear trap and a sequence toward the end that faintly—and accidentally, believe me—recalls "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" in its slow, dread-saturated buildup, director James Bryan's splatter film is an incoherent mess. An endless parade of victims keeps the fake blood squirting, but the murder sequences are so poorly staged that it's usually impossible to tell precisely what's happening. The most frightening thing about this alleged horror film, aside from its bad synthesizer soundtrack, is its pacing. Murder sequences are clumped together throughout the film, leaving a lot of flab in between". A one and a half out of five was given by DVD Talk, which said the film suffered from "mismatched shots, wooden acting (if it can even be called that), atrocious dialogue, questionable special effects, continuity problems, and a general air of arrested artistic development". The website concluded, "In fact, it's not even bad enough to be funny (see: "Showgirls"). It's just a crappy little horror film, made on a shoestring budget, with people who really showed some grit in getting it done. That's fine, and more power to those people. But that doesn't make it good". 
Controversy.
In the 1980s, the film was deemed as a video nasty in the United Kingdom, and subsequently banned by issuance of the Video Recordings Act. Aside from an early rare video release, it was not available for rent or sale since then in the UK until 2007 when it was released uncut on DVD with a 15 certificate.
It was classified as R18 in New Zealand for its violence.

</doc>
<doc id="2839300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839300" title="List of Welsh Americans">
List of Welsh Americans

This is a list of notable Welsh Americans, including both original immigrants who obtained American citizenship and their American descendants.
To be included in this list, the person must have a Wikipedia article showing they are Welsh American or must have references showing they are Welsh American and are notable. 
List.
Other.
Sophie Dee-(Actor and Entertainer) She's resides from Wales,Llanelli

</doc>
<doc id="2839313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839313" title="Bank of Saint Lucia">
Bank of Saint Lucia

Bank of Saint Lucia is a subsidiary of Eastern Caribbean Financial Holding Company. It was formed in July 2001 as a result of the merger between National Commercial Bank and the Saint Lucia Development Bank. 
Bank of Saint Lucia is the largest bank in Saint Lucia with the biggest ATM network on island. It has branches in Gros Islet, Vieux Fort, Soufrière, and Castries (Bridge Street and the Waterfront Areas) as well as a Bureau de Change at Hewanorra International Airport.
The current Managing Director is Mr. Robert Norstrom.
Services.
BSL provides services such as:
History.
The National Commercial Bank of St. Lucia Limited opened its doors to the public in 1981,the Saint Lucia Development Bank Limited soon followed.As the names suggest the National Commercial Bank functioned as a commercial bank satisfying the personal banking needs of customers. The Saint Lucia Development Bank on the other hand was set up to provide funding in the areas of manufacturing, agriculture,tourism and Fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="2839315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839315" title="The Dog It Was That Died">
The Dog It Was That Died

The Dog It Was That Died is a play by the British playwright Tom Stoppard.
Written for BBC Radio in 1982, it concerns the dilemma faced by a spy over whom he actually works for. The play was also adapted for television by Stoppard, and broadcast in 1988. The title is taken from dialogue by Wormold, lead character in Graham Greene's 1958 classic, Our Man in Havana – also an entertaining tale of Cold War espionage. ["I have come back", he said to Beatrice, "I am not under the table. I have come back victorious. The dog it was that died."] (This is itself a quote from Goldsmith's poem 'An Elegy on the Death of a Mad Dog[http://www.poetry-archive.com/g/an_elegy_on_the_death_of_a_mad_dog.html]'.)
Story.
Rupert Purvis works for 'Q6', a department of an unnamed espionage agency of the British Government. As the play begins, he is in the process of committing suicide by jumping off Waterloo Bridge into the Thames. However, the attempt goes wrong when he falls not into the water but onto a passing barge, breaking his legs and killing a dog which was on the deck at the time.
Over the course of the play, the reasons for this emerge. Some years ago, Purvis was approached by a Soviet spy named Rashnikov, who asked him to work as a double agent. Purvis reported this to his British superiors, who told him to pretend to work as a Soviet double agent whilst really working for them. However, Purvis also recalls that Rashnikov had told him to tell his British masters that he was being recruited, effectively setting up a double bluff ahead of time. Purvis also told this to the British – but is worried that when he did so, it was again because Rashnikov told him to do so. The upshot is that the British and the Russians have been using Purvis to shuttle false information between each other; but to allay the other side's suspicions, each has been giving real information to the other as well.
The result of this is that Purvis is no longer sure who his employer is – is he really working for the Russians or the British? Purvis's manager Giles Blair visits Purvis at Clifftops, a rest home on the Norfolk coast which is maintained by the agency for its staff. In the process of finding Purvis, Blair encounters not one but two inmates, both of whom pose as officials. The result is that when he finally meets the real administrator, Doctor Seddon, he is highly suspicious, and when Seddon tries to interest him in the guano he has found from a colony of bats in the bell tower (Blair: Bats? In the Belfry?! Seddon: Mmm. Had 'em for years and never realised..), he makes hasty excuses and runs away, bumping into Purvis as he does so. 
They discuss Purvis's problem, and Blair, in the course of attempting to make Purvis feel better, inadvertently shows him that his entire life has been pointless. Purvis is actually greatly calmed by this, and he and Blair part on good terms. The next scene opens at Purvis's memorial service – he has succeeded in committing suicide by rolling his wheelchair off a cliff at the rest home. Blair ponders: 'One asks oneself, with the benefit of hindsight, was Clifftops the ideal place to send someone with a tendency to fling themselves from a great height to a watery grave? Of course at the time one didn't realise it was a tendency...'
In the closing scene, the whole structure is explained by the agency's unnamed chief, although even this explanation remains dizzyingly complex. The chief sums up by saying 'Purvis was acting as a genuine Russian spy to preserve his cover as a bogus Russian spy. In other words, if Purvis's mother had been kicked by a donkey, things would be very much as they are. If I were Purvis I'd drown myself.'
In a second suicide note delivered to Blair after his memorial service, Purvis explains that whatever side he was really on, at the end he decided he felt more sympathy for the British side and is almost convinced that they were in fact his employers. He concludes: 'I hope I'm right. Although I would settle for knowing that I'm wrong'. He also adds that he has learned that Rashnikov was recalled to the Soviet Union on suspicion of having been duped by the British. 'Rashnikov said there was a perfectly good reason why this should have been the impression given; but unfortunately he died of a brainstorm while trying to work it out. You could say that the same thing happened to me.'
Characters.
Giles Blair, Purvis's boss at Q6; sophisticated and worldly, he has none of Purvis's internal doubts and so has great difficulty grasping the crux of Purvis's dilemma. 'I never really got beyond us being British and them being atheists and communists. You can't argue with that so I think I rather switched off after that point... ...All you've got to do is remember what you believe.'
Blair represents the quintessential upper-class English bureaucrat; there is nothing of the glamour of James Bond about him. Despite being perhaps the central character of the play – certainly he has the most lines – he remains a somewhat ineffectual figure, happy to allow events to follow their course. Blair collects clocks – his house is full of them – and is also constructing a folly in the grounds of his house.
Rupert Purvis, a tortured soul. Purvis is highly principled, which makes it all the more upsetting for him when he can't recall exactly what those principles are.
Hogbin, described by Blair as a 'policeman' but actually another spy, Hogbin is assigned to investigate the circumstances of Purvis's suicide attempt, and in particular a letter he posted to Blair before his first attempt. Hogbin is the polar opposite of Blair – doggedly determined, prone to panic and seeing conspiracies at every turn.
Pamela Blair, wife of Giles. She runs a donkey sanctuary, occasionally appropriating her husband's study as an operating theatre for her injured charges. She is having an affair with Blair's boss; a fact about which both she and Blair are entirely open and unconcerned.
Themes.
"The Dog It Was That Died" has been described as Stoppard's 'le Carrécture', and it takes much of its mannered approach from John le Carré's work. The title is taken from dialogue by Wormold, lead character in Graham Greene's 1958 classic, Our Man in Havana – also an entertaining tale of Cold War espionage. have come back, "he said to Beatrice, "I am not under the table. I have come back victorious. The dog it was that died."
The play takes place against a background of Cold War paranoia, and at the time of its first production it was quite believable that such complex shenanigans could take place. It is full of Stoppard's usual verbal pyrotechnics, particularly in those scenes where the full details of Purvis's career are being explored.
The characters of Blair and Purvis are contrasted skilfully – one the benignly complacent bureaucrat, the other a deeply principled fighter for his beliefs. There is also a class contrast between Blair and Hogbin; whilst the agencies involved are never specifically stated, their respective characters conform exactly to the period's stereotypes of MI6 and MI5 officers, as Blair is very much the upper-class and somewhat louche eccentric and Hogbin the conscientious if unimaginative middle-class moralist. However, in the end Blair proves to be more in control of the situation than Hogbin.
The play also explores eccentricity in general in a fond way. Virtually all the characters in it have a pronounced eccentricity of some kind: Blair's clocks and his folly; his wife's donkey sanctuary and casual affair with her husband's superior; the chief's regular smoking of opium, the obsession with rare cheese of the vicar who carries out Purvis's memorial, and Seddon's fascination with guano. Additionally, Blair and Purvis's former boss 'Jell' apparently used to wear hunting pink to the office. Purvis's second suicide note makes this delight in the gentle eccentricities of his countrymen explicit, describing English eccentricity as 'a curious bloom, which here at Clifftops only appears in its overblown variety.'
The title of the play comes from Oliver Goldsmith's poem "An Elegy on the death of a mad dog" which ends:
In some ways Purvis may be seen as the mad dog of the poem.
Stoppard may have borrowed the idea to use this quotation from British novelist W. Somerset Maugham's 1925 "The Painted Veil", in which the protagonist's husband, bitter at her infidelity, brought her to cholera-stricken China in hopes that she would take ill and die. When he catches cholera instead, he dies with the quotation "The dog it was that died" on his lips.
Productions.
First produced 1982 on BBC Radio 4. The cast was:
The play was transferred to television in 1988 by Channel 4. The cast was:

</doc>
<doc id="2839323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839323" title="Stephen Huss">
Stephen Huss

Stephen Huss may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2839326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839326" title="Polar front">
Polar front

In meteorology, the polar front is the boundary between the polar cell and the Ferrel cell in each hemisphere. At this boundary a sharp gradient in temperature occurs between these two air masses, each at very different temperatures.
The polar front arises as a result of cold polar air meeting warm tropical air. It is a stationary front as the air masses are not moving against each other. Off the coast of eastern North America, especially in winter, there is a sharp temperature gradient between the snow-covered land and the warm offshore currents.
The polar front theory says that mid-latitude cyclones form on boundaries between warm and cold air. In winter, the polar front shift towards the Equator, whereas high pressure systems can dominate more in the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="2839335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839335" title="1821 Norfolk and Long Island hurricane">
1821 Norfolk and Long Island hurricane

The 1821 Norfolk and Long Island Hurricane was one of four known tropical cyclones that have made landfall in New York City. Another, even more intense hurricane in pre-Columbian times (sometime between 1278 and 1438) left evidence that was detected in southern New Jersey by paleotempestological research. The third was the 1893 New York hurricane, and the fourth was Hurricane Irene in 2011.
The first of three recorded tropical cyclones recorded in the 1821 Atlantic hurricane season, the storm that would eventually strike New York was first observed off the southeast United States coast on September 1, with winds estimated in excess of 135 mph (215 km/h). It moved ashore near Wilmington, North Carolina, and passed near Norfolk, Virginia before moving through the Delmarva Peninsula and New Jersey just inland. On September 3, The hurricane struck approximately near Jamaica Bay, which later became part of New York City, and on September 4 it was observed over New England. This was just 6 years after the destructive Great September Gale of 1815.
Meteorological history.
A tropical cyclone was first observed on September 1 off the southeast coast of the United States. Initially, it was believed to be the same storm that struck Guadeloupe on the same day, though subsequent research indicated there were two separate storms. The hurricane tracked by the Bahamas while tracking generally northward, and it attained major hurricane status over the western Atlantic Ocean. As it approached the United States coastline, the hurricane was very intense, with winds estimated at over 135 mph (215 km/h) and potentially as strong as 160 mph (260 km/h), or a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. Late on September 2, the hurricane made landfall near Wilmington, North Carolina and later turned to the northeast to cross the Pamlico Sound.
The hurricane accelerated northeastward, and passed over the Hampton Roads area early on September 3. After crossing the Chesapeake Bay, the cyclone traversed the Delmarva Peninsula near the Atlantic coastline, and at around 1500 UTC the eye passed directly over Cape Henlopen, Delaware; a thirty-minute period of calm was reported. It continued across the Delaware Bay and later passed over Cape May, New Jersey, where a fifteen-minute calm was reported. Modern researchers estimate it was a Category 3 or Category 4 hurricane upon striking New Jersey, one of the few hurricanes to hit the state. Moving ashore at very low tide, it paralleled the state's coastline just inland, and after exiting into Lower New York Bay the hurricane made landfall on New York City at around 1930 UTC on September 3; this makes it the only major hurricane to directly hit the city. A minimal hurricane in 1893 also made landfall on what later became part of New York City. One modern researcher estimates the hurricane was moving at a forward speed of 35 mph (55 km/h), and upon moving ashore had a pressure of 965 mbar. The hurricane continued northeastward through New England, and after entering Massachusetts on September 4 its exact path was unknown; one researcher estimated the cyclone tracked northeastward until losing its identity over southeastern Maine, while another assessed the storm as passing far to the west of Maine.
Based on the arrangement of effects in New England, meteorologist William C. Redfield deduced that the wind field and center of tropical cyclones are circular; previously the winds were believed to be in a straight line.
Impact.
In North Carolina, a powerful storm surge flooded large portions of Portsmouth Island; residents estimated the island would have been completely under water had the worst of the storm lasted for two more hours. Strong winds occurred across eastern North Carolina, resulting in at least 76 destroyed houses. Numerous people were killed in Currituck.
The strongest winds of the hurricane lasted for about an hour in southeastern Virginia, after which the storm rapidly abated. Several houses were completely destroyed, with many others receiving moderate to severe damage. The winds destroyed most of the roof of the courthouse, and uprooted trees across the region; fallen tree limbs damaged a stone bridge in Norfolk. The hurricane produced a strong storm surge along the Virginia coastline, which reached 10 feet (3 m) at Pungoteague on the Delmarva Peninsula. The storm surge, which reached several hundred yards inland, destroyed two bridges and flooded many warehouses along the Elizabeth River. Rough waves grounded the USS "Guerriere" and the USS "Congress", and also destroyed several schooners and brigs. Along the eastern shore, the storm surge flooded barrier islands along the Atlantic coastline, causing severe crop damage and downing many trees. Several houses were destroyed, and at Pungoteague the impact of the hurricane was described as "unexampled destruction"; five people drowned in Chincoteague. Considered one of the most violent hurricanes on record in the Mid-Atlantic, the hurricane caused $200,000 in damage in Virginia (1821 USD, $3.1 million 2007 USD).
Gale force winds affected the Delmarva Peninsula; on Poplar Island in Talbot County, Maryland, winds peaked at 1600 UTC on September 3. The strongest winds were confined to the Atlantic coastline, with outer rainbands producing heavy rainfall in Washington, D.C. and Baltimore, Maryland. Fierce winds were observed in Cape Henlopen, Delaware, with the strongest gales occurring after the eye passed over the area.
Upon making landfall on Cape May, New Jersey, the cyclone produced a 5 foot (1.5 m) storm surge on the Delaware Bay side of the city. Lasting for several hours, the hurricane force winds were described as " with great violence", causing widespread devastation across the region. In Little Egg Harbor, its passage caused damage to the port. Strong winds reached as far inland as Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where winds of over 40 mph (60 km/h) downed trees and chimneys; in the city, precipitation accrued to 3.92 inches (99.6 mm). Further to the north, the hurricane destroyed a windmill at Bergen Point, New Jersey. Though the hurricane struck at low tide, it produced a storm surge of over 29 feet (9 m) along several portions of the New Jersey coastline, causing significant overwash.
The hurricane produced a storm surge of 13 feet (4 m) in only one hour at Battery Park, a record only broken 191 years later by Hurricane Sandy. Manhattan Island was completely flooded to Canal Street; one hurricane researcher remarked that the storm surge flooding would have been much worse, had the hurricane not struck at low tide. However, few deaths were reported in the city, since the flooding affected neighborhoods much less populated than today. The hurricane brought light rainfall as it passed New York City, though strong winds left severe damage across the city. High tides occurred along the Hudson River. Strong waves and winds blew many ships ashore along Long Island. One ship sank, killing 17 people. Along Long Island, the winds destroyed several buildings and left crops destroyed.
In New England, the hurricane produced widespread gale force winds, with damage greatest in Connecticut. The Black Rock Harbor Light in Black Rock, Connecticut, was destroyed on September 21. Elsewhere in the state, the winds damaged or destroyed churches, houses and small buildings. Moderate crop damage to fruit was reported as well. Strong winds extended into eastern Massachusetts, though little damage was reported in the Boston area.

</doc>
<doc id="2839336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839336" title="Benjamin Logan High School">
Benjamin Logan High School

Benjamin Logan High School is a public high school in Logan County, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Benjamin Logan Local Schools district.
Background.
Benjamin Logan High School is a secondary school located at 55° 45′ 0″ N 37° 37′ 0″ E. The first high school building was the former Zanesfield building and in 1990 it was moved to its current location.
Teachers from Ben Logan host Japanese teachers as a cultural exchange.
Athletics.
The school offers 13 varsity sports. It holds Ohio state records for:
Benjamin Logan also sponsors soccer, track and field, cross country, golf, bowling, and basketball teams.

</doc>
<doc id="2839340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839340" title="Eric Red">
Eric Red

Eric Red (born Eric Joseph Durdaller; February 16, 1961) is an American screenwriter and director, best known for writing the horror films "The Hitcher" and "Near Dark".
Biography.
Early life.
Red was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the son of Nancy (née Pickhardt) and Cornelius Gerard Durdaller. He attended the AFI Conservatory and graduated in 1983.
Writing career.
The first film written by Red was "Gunmen's Blues", a short he produced and directed while a student at the AFI Conservatory. He went broke trying to get national distribution for the film and had to drive a cab in New York for a year to recoup.
His AFI thesis script, "The Hitcher", was produced in 1986. A major studio remake of "The Hitcher" was released in 2007 with Red as a consultant. He wrote the original script to "" and narrated the film at the 2010 Screamfest Horror Film Festival in Los Angeles.
Eric Red published his first novel, Don't Stand So Close in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2839344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839344" title="Force-fire">
Force-fire

The force-fire (, which also translates to Need-fire), or a fire produced by friction, was used in folk magic practice in the Scottish Highlands up until the 19th century. Believers considered it an antidote against bewitching, as well as the plague, murrain and all infectious diseases among cattle. It is also known as In Scotland and elsewhere as Need-fire or Neatsfire from an old word for cattle retained in the name "Neatsfoot oil".
Method.
The Scottish writer Dr. Martin Martin described the force-fire's use. According to him, all the fires in the parish were extinguished and 81 married men, being deemed the proper number for effecting this purpose, took two planks of wood, and nine of them were employed by turns, who by their repeated efforts, rubbed the planks together, till the heat thereof produced fire, and from this forced fire, each family was supplied with a new fire. No sooner was the fire kindled than a pot filled with water was afterwards sprinkled on people who had the plague, or on cattle that had the murrain, and this process was said to be followed invariably by success.
A differing account suggests that if a family believed that they were under evil influence, all fires in the district between two running streams were extinguished on a set day. Then a spinning wheel was put in motion, and kept going furiously until the spindle became heated. Tinder or tow was applied to the hot spindle, fire was thus procured and distributed to all households under the alleged evil influences. In the nineteenth century, fire was thus procured to check witchcraft in a township in Uist where some sickness, supposed to be evil eye had carried off some cows and sheep. It is odd that neither cow nor sheep died after, possibly because the epidemic had exhausted itself.
In 1812, J. Henderson of Caithness described the process:
Last occurrences.
The force fire was last made in North Uist in about 1829, in the Isle of Arran about 1820, in Helmsdale about 1818 and in Reay in about 1830. It is interesting to note that the breaking of this tradition occurred round about the same time as the Highland Clearances.

</doc>
<doc id="2839351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839351" title="Wesley Moodie">
Wesley Moodie

Wesley Moodie (born 14 February 1979) is a former professional tennis player from South Africa.
Career.
Early life and college career.
He began to play tennis at an early age and won the South African Junior Masters tournament in February 1996.
Moodie played college tennis in the United States from January 1997 until May 2000, originally for Auburn University at Montgomery (AUM), and then from September 1998 at Boise State (BSU). He turned professional in June 2000.
Professional career.
Moodie first came to public notice when he reached the 3rd round at Wimbledon in 2003, losing to Sébastien Grosjean, whom he beat in the USA later that year. Moodie won his first top-flight tour singles event in capturing the 2005 Japan Open, beating #5 seed Mario Ančić in the final 1–6, 7–6, 6–4 after saving two match points in the tie-break (he also saved four match points in the semifinal against Jarkko Nieminen).
Along with Stephen Huss, who formerly played college tennis for the Auburn Tigers, he became the first qualifier to win the Wimbledon men's doubles championship in 2005, beating the #6, 9, 3, 1 & 2 seeds in the process.
Wesley Moodie joined the Monte Carlo Tennis Academy on 9 June 2007.
Playing style.
Moodie is a serve-and-volley specialist who has developed his baseline game to a high level of proficiency. His 6 ft 5 in height is combined with a powerful serve.
Personal.
Moodie is married to wife Marcia, a teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="2839352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839352" title="Scottish Gaelic personal naming system">
Scottish Gaelic personal naming system

A formal Gaelic language name consists of a given name and a surname. First names are either native or nativized (i.e. borrowed and made to fit the Gaelic sound system). Surnames are generally patronymic, i.e. they refer to a historical ancestor. The form of a surname varies according to whether its bearer is male (e.g. "MacDhòmhnaill" "MacDonald") or female (e.g. "NicDhòmhnaill" "MacDonald") though for some surnames the adjectival form of a name such as "Dòmhnallach" (adjectival form of MacDonald) can be used for both men and women.
First names.
Gaelic first names chiefly hail from 5 linguistic layers, Goidelic and 4 others, coinciding with the main languages of contact: Latin, Norse, Anglo-Norman and Scots. Surprisingly, male first names outnumber female first names by about a factor of 2:1.
Goidelic names.
This layer can be broadly split into three main types:
The first two categories were no longer productive for the most part towards the end of the Old Irish period but the last type persisted, reinforced by the coinage of ecclesiastical names following Christianization.
Norse names.
Quite a number of names still common hail from the period of Norse contact:
Anglo-Norman.
Names from this layer include:
Scots.
Scots names which have been borrowed into Gaelic include:
Latin.
Names which were borrowed from Latin include:
Borrowing into English.
A fair number of Gaelic names were borrowed into English although it can sometimes be difficult to tell if the donor language was Irish or Scottish Gaelic. On occasion, the same name was borrowed more than once due to misinterpretation of Gaelic morphology. For example, the names Hamish and Mhairi are derived from Gaelic "Seumas" () and "Màiri" () but rather than borrowing the root forms, the English forms are based on the Gaelic vocative case forms "Sheumais" ( and "Mhàiri" ().
Some names which did not acquire currency outside the Gaelic-speaking world were roughly transliterated into English, such as "Gorm(sh)uil" which is often rendered as "Gormelia".
Others were with no cognate were often equated with English names which bore some similarity to the Gaelic name in order to obtain "English equivalents". This includes "Oighrig" which was equated with Euphemia, "Dìorbhail" with Dorothy, "Beathag" with Rebecca or Sophie.
Surnames.
The majority of Gaelic surnames are patronymic in nature and of Goidelic extraction, although epithets, geography or occupation and borrowings also occur in some surnames.
"Caimbeul" "crooked mouth" and "Camshron" "crooked nose" are two examples of surnames based on epithets, "Friseal" is an example of a borrowing (from Anglo-French "Fresel").
The usage of patronymic surnames was much more varied than is generally assumed. Historically, clan surnames were used by the descendants or dependants of an ancestor but not generally by everyone in the clan territory. Only with the advent of a non-Gaelic speaking administration were clan surnames applied en-masse to people in a clan's territory.
Formation.
Patronymic surnames for men feature either the "Mac" (e.g. "MacDhòmhnaill") element or the nominalizing suffix "-ach" (e.g. "Dòmhnallach"). In the case of women, the element "Nic" is used (derived from "nighean mhic" "the daughter of the son of"). Various other morphological changes (such as lenition or slenderization) may apply in Gaelic, so the surname MacDonald for example may appear as "MacDhòmhnaill, MhacDhòmhnaill, 'IcDhòmhnaill, MhicDhòmhnaill, NicDhòmhnaill" depending on the grammatical context.
As a result of misspellings, one Gaelic surname often corresponds to numerous English forms, e.g. "MacDhonnchaidh" "son of Duncan" may appear in English as: "Donagh(y), Donnagh, Dono(u)gh, MacConachie, MacConachy, MacConaghy, MacConchy, MacConechie, MacConkey, MacConnachie, MacConnechie, MacConnichie, MacConochie, MacConoughy, MacDona, MacDonachie, MacDonachy, MacDonaghy, MacDonaugh, MacDonnach, MacDonnagh, MacDonnoghie, MacDonogh, MacDonoghue, MacDonough, MacDunphy, MacKonochie, MacOnachie, MacOnechy, MacOnochie, Donohue" or "Donohoe" (ignoring the Mac/Mc variation).
Note that Scottish Gaelic does not put a space between the "Mac" and the second element, whereas in Irish, there is a space:
Nicknames.
Nicknames () in Gaelic operate similarly to those in other languages and usually indicate a physical characteristic, an occupation, a location or an incident the person is associated and so forth.
Some examples
Identifying names.
Due to the relative paucity of names and surnames in Gaelic, the official name of a person (i.e. first name plus a surname, in Gaelic or English) is rarely used in Gaelic speaking communities as, with a small number of surnames usually predominating in an area, there are usually several people who go by the same combination, for example John MacLeod might apply to several people in the same village. In everyday life, this is usually solved by using the first name of a man, followed by the first name of his father in the genitive case or by using the first name plus an epithet. So a man called James ("Seumas") with a father called Neil ("Niall") would become "Seumas Nèill" or "Seumas a' Ghlinne" ("James of the glen"). In the case of married women, the convention is normally to use "bean" ("wife") plus the husband's first name and father's first name, in our example resulting in "Bean Sheumais Nèill" ("the wife of Neil's James"). The (fictitious) family tree below illustrates this custom.
Historically, such an identifying name would take the "mac" "son" element, e.g. "Dòmhnall mac Sheumais mac Nèill" ("Donald son of James son of Neill") but in modern usage, this is usually dropped, resulting in "Dòmhnall Sheumais Nèill".
Identifying names sometimes use female reference points, for example if a local woman marries an outsider, this may result in the children being identified via the mother. "Dòmhnall Chiorstan" ("Kirsten's Donald") for instance would indicate a son called Donald with a mother called Kirsten.

</doc>
<doc id="2839354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839354" title="National Theatre, Warsaw">
National Theatre, Warsaw

The National Theatre () in Warsaw, Poland, was founded in 1765, during the Polish Enlightenment, by that country's last monarch, Stanisław August Poniatowski. The theatre shares the Grand Theatre complex at the Theatre Square in Warsaw with another national venue, the Poland's National Opera.
History.
Opera was brought to Poland by future King Władysław IV Vasa within twenty years of the first opera presentations in Florence. In 1628 he invited the first Italian opera company to Warsaw. Upon ascending the Polish throne in 1632, he built a theatre in his castle, and regular opera performances were produced there by an Italian company directed by Marco Scacchi.
The first public opera-theater in Poland, the "Operalnia" in Warsaw, was opened on July 3, 1748. It was located in the Saxon Garden (at today's intersection of Marszałkowska Street of Królewska Street) and functioned under royal patronage. The Operalnia's building was erected in 1725 at the initiative of Augustus II, costing 5000 ducats, as a rectangular structure divided into three parts.
From 1774 on, opera, theatre and ballet performances were held in the Radziwiłł Palace (today the official home of Poland's president). The first Polish opera was produced there on 11 July 1778, Maciej Kamieński's "Poverty Made Happy", with Wojciech Bogusławski's libretto based on a comedy by Franciszek Bohomolec.
In 1779-1833 performances took place in a new theatre building on Krasiński Square, later called the National Theatre). The National Theatre was founded in 1765, during the Polish Enlightenment, by the country's last monarch, Stanisław August Poniatowski. Known as the father of Polish National Theatre, Bogusławski was a renowned actor, singer, director, playwright and entrepreneur. Also, at the National Theatre, from 1785 a troupe of His Majesty's Dancers (headed by ballet masters François Gabriel Le Doux of Paris and Daniel Curz of Venice) became active. At this theatre, on 17 March 1830, Chopin premiered his Piano Concerto No. 1 in E minor, Op. 11. Closed after the November 1830 Uprising, in 1924 the National Theatre was revived under the Second Polish Republic.
Under the Polish People's Republic (1945–89), the quality of the Theatre's productions was at times adversely affected by government pressures.

</doc>
<doc id="2839362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839362" title="Halberton">
Halberton

Halberton is a village in Devon, England. The Grand Western Canal runs through the village. The village is situated between the historic market towns of Tiverton and Cullompton.
Halberton is a large parish in Devon, stretching from Tiverton, almost up to the Somerset border, and from Sampford Peverell to Butterleigh, an area of about . Its name is derived from ‘Haligbeort’ (Albert), the name of the Saxon Chief, and ‘tun’, a farm settlement.
Halberton was once important enough to be a Hundred, an administrative division of a shire. The hundred of Halberton included the parishes of Halberton, Sampford Peverell and Willand, as well as parts of Uplowman and Burlescombe. Many of the farms date back to Doomesday or shortly after and Halberton is still largely a farming community.
Halberton village is divided into two parts, Higher Town and Lower Town, separated by the mill stream and pond. The pond is fed by warm springs and never freezes.
The Great Western Railway once had a branch line running through Halberton to Tiverton, but this has now gone. However, the Grand Western Canal still runs through the village and this is now a country park. It is long running from Tiverton to Loudwells. Rock Bridge was constructed to carry the road (formerly the A373) over the canal. The same engineers that built the canal also built a substantial country house, turnpike house and cottages at the site. Several other bridges were also constructed at Halberton to carry minor roads over the canal.
There are several old houses in the village, the most notable being ‘The Priory’, believed to date from the 14th century, when it was part of a college called St. Jude’s. This was occupied by monks of the order of St. Augustine. Townsend House dates from the early 18th century, and several other houses in the village date from the 17th and 18th centuries.
The parish church dates from the 14th century and stands at the centre of the village. It is thought to have been constructed on the site of an earlier Saxon church. There is also a Methodist Chapel at which John Wesley preached, first in 1760, and again between 1779 and 1789. Halberton also has a Christian Fellowship Group, which meets in Ash Thomas Church.
The Primary School, erected in 1844 has seen many changes and extensions over the years, and although still small is well equipped with modern equipment.
There is an active Parish Council, and many other organisations which cater for all tastes, including a Women’s Institute and a branch of the British Legion.

</doc>
<doc id="2839367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839367" title="Traditional dyes of the Scottish Highlands">
Traditional dyes of the Scottish Highlands

Traditional dyes of the Scottish Highlands are the
native vegetable dyes used in Scottish Gaeldom.
The following are the principal dyestuffs with the colours they produce. Several of the tints are very bright, but have now been superseded for convenience of usage by various mineral dyes. The Latin names are given where known and also the Scottish Gaelic names for various ingredients. Amateurs may wish to experiment with some of the suggestions, but should note that urine (human or animal) is used in many recipes as a mordant. They should also note that a number of the recipes used are for more than one colour, and that this chart is only a guide, and also that Scottish Gaelic spelling is subject to variations. Many of the dyes are made from lichens, the useful ones for this purpose being known as crottle.
Yellow – "Buidhe".
The process employed is to wash the thread thoroughly in urine long kept ("fual"), rinse and wash in pure water, then put into the boiling pot of dye which is kept boiling hot on the fire. The thread is lifted now and again on the end of a stick, and again plunged in until it is all thoroughly dyed. If blue, the thread is then washed in salt water but any other colour uses fresh water.

</doc>
<doc id="2839369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839369" title="The House on the Edge of the Park">
The House on the Edge of the Park

The House on the Edge of the Park () is a 1980 Italian exploitation film from the Italian director Ruggero Deodato. It stars David Hess from Wes Craven's "The Last House on the Left" (playing a similar character), and Giovanni Lombardo Radice.
The entire film was shot in only three weeks, under a very limited budget.
Synopsis.
Alex (David Hess) is a darkly sinister thug driving around New York City at night when he spots a young woman (Karoline Mardeck) driving alongside him. He follows the woman to a nearby park where he cuts her off, gets out of his car, and runs into hers where he throws her into the back seat and proceeds to savagely rape her before strangling her to death. He takes her locket as a trophy to another one of his many killings.
Some time later, serial killer/rapist Alex is with his working-class friend Ricky (Giovanni Lombardo Radice), both of whom work in a local mechanic garage which is closing up for the evening. Alex is planning to go 'boogying' at a local disco and Ricky is tagging along. Suddenly, a large Cadillac vehicle pulls into the underground garage which contains a young, well-dressed yuppie couple named Tom (Cristian Borromeo) and his girlfriend Lisa (Annie Belle) where they ask for assistance for their car's motor is making strange sounds. Alex refuses to help them saying that the garage is closed, and continues to refuse assistance even after Tom offers him money. But the slow-witted Ricky decides to help the couple and upon checking under the hood, finds a loose wire on the alternator and fixes it. Grateful, Tom tells Alex and Ricky that they are driving to a friend's house in New Jersey for a party, and Alex asks them if he and Ricky could tag along, and Tom agrees. Before closing up the garage for the night, Alex stops by his locker which is filled with various weapons he uses to kill people. Alex picks out just one; a straight-edged razor, before closing up and getting into Tom and Lisa's car with Ricky for the drive to New Jersey.
A little later, the four arrive at a large villa situated next to a large, dark, empty park where they are welcomed by the home's owner Gloria (Lorraine de Selle), and are introduced to her friends Glenda (Marie Claude Joseph), and Howard (Gabriele Di Giulio). But minutes after Alex and Ricky's arrival, there are signs of tension as it becomes obvious that the rich people are looking for kicks, as are Alex and Ricky. It first starts when Ricky is forced to make a fool of himself when Gloria asks him to do a striptease to some disco music, while he is further humiliated by forced to drink some hard liquor with each move he makes. But Alex stops Ricky before he can take it all off.
While Tom, Howard, and Glenda play a card game of poker with Ricky, which is obviously rigged, Lisa begins sexually teasing Alex with her come-ons, and goes further to invite him to an upstairs bathroom to shower with her, only to push him away. As Alex grows more frustrated and angry, he later sees that the hosts are cheating at playing cards with Ricky. Finally, Alex pulls out the razor he has, and a fight breaks out between him and Howard. Alex throws Howard outside the back door where he endures a vicious beating and thrown into the backyard swimming pool, and further urinated upon by the laughing Alex, who drags Howard back inside and ties him to a piano leg, while he proclaims that he is running the party now.
At this point, the movie descends into an unrelenting catalogue of abuse and humiliation as Alex and Ricky further beat on their hosts-turned-hostages with Alex slashing Tom's face with the razor, and beating his face into the poker table. Ricky holds the others at bay with a wine bottle and Alex corners Gloria and sexually fondles her. Lisa runs to an upstairs bedroom where she tries to escape, but Alex catches her and proceeds to rape her, while the movie soundtrack plays the romantic theme song "Sweetly."
When Alex takes Lisa downstairs to rejoin the other hostages, the front doorbell rings. Alex forces Gloria to answer and it's a neighbor, Cindy, a local teenage girl. Alex grabs Cindy, while Gloria takes advantage of this to try to escape. Ricky, still holding the broken wine bottle, runs after her and catches up with Gloria on the perimeter of the grounds. Ricky shows Gloria that he means her no harm by throwing away the wine bottle. For no clear reason, Gloria responds to his simple nature by stripping off her clothes and seducing him.
Meanwhile back at the house, Alex cuts Cindy's blouse off with the razor while singing. Ricky then returns to the house with Gloria just as Alex forces Cindy to strip off the rest of her clothes, and proceeds to savagely slash her nude body with his razor over and over again. At this point, Ricky makes the astonishing observation that things are getting a little out of hand and attempts to stop Alex. Upset at being "betrayed" by his friend, Alex turns against Ricky and slashes his abdomen wide open, and then breaks down at what a mess he made of Ricky.
Taking advantage of this distraction, the bloodied and battered Tom runs into the nearby study and pulls out a 9mm pistol out from a desk drawer... and the tables are instantly turned. Tom shoots Alex a few times, then kicks him back out the glass back door and into the back yard. Gloria and the other women untie Howard, and the five hosts descend upon the fatally wounded Alex lying on the ground. Tom removes the locket Alex is wearing and reveals the reason for all this: the woman that Alex raped and murdered in the opening scene was Tom's sister and Tom wanted revenge, so he and Lisa wanted to lure them to Gloria's house so they can kill them and make it look like self-defense. Tom shoots the wounded Alex in the groin, which causes him to fall into the backyard swimming pool after shouting on-screen for at least 15 seconds, in extreme slow-motion. Tom and Lisa take turns shooting Alex, who thrashes weakly in the water, before a final shot to the head by Howard finishes him for good.
Returning to the house, Howard wants to shoot Ricky, but Gloria stops him. Glenda tends to the wounded Cindy. Tom and Lisa go into the study where they talk about this plan of revenge they had and if they went too far for it to work. Tom says that despite some mistakes and inconsistencies, that it worked out for the best, and then picks up the phone to call the police.
Controversy.
"The House on the Edge of the Park" was initially rejected for a UK cinema certificate by the BBFC when first submitted in March 1981, and later found itself on the DPP list of "video nasties" when it was revealed that the uncut version was readily available on UK video. When it was eventually passed by the BBFC in July 2002, it was cut by 11 minutes and 43 secs, with almost all of the rape and violence either replaced or removed entirely. It was resubmitted in 2011 and received an almost uncut release, now only being cut by 42 seconds to the razor slashing.
The USA Media Blasters release is completely uncut at 91 minutes.
Once during an interview about the making of the film, Ruggero Deodato was asked about his initial thoughts of the script when he first read it. He responded:
"I thought it was too violent. I make violent films, but softer ones. But this film was full of violence, and that made me uncomfortable. When I met David Hess, I thought that with my direction I could make him do anything. But when I first read it, I found it quite disturbing."
In 2006, the BBFC commissioned a group of academics at the University of Wales, Aberystwyth to conduct research into people's responses to films that include scenes of sexual violence. "The House on the Edge of the Park" is one of the films included in their remit to examine.
Sequel.
On 27 February 2011, the Dread Central movie website exclusively reported that UK production company North Bank Entertainment are teaming up with director Ruggero Deodato and actor Giovanni Lombardo Radice for "The House on the Edge of the Park Part II", a direct sequel to the original film.

</doc>
<doc id="2839376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839376" title="List of whisky brands">
List of whisky brands

This is a list of whisky brands arranged by country of origin and style. Whisky (or whiskey) is a type of distilled alcoholic beverage made from fermented grain mash. Different grains are used for different varieties, including barley, malted barley, rye, malted rye, wheat, and corn. Whisky is typically aged in wooden casks, made generally of charred white oak.
American whiskey.
Thirteen large distilleries produce over 99% of whiskey made in the US. These are the following distilleries: Barton, Booker Noe, Brown-Forman, Buffalo Trace, Four Roses, George Dickel, Heaven Hill, Jack Daniel's, Jim Beam, Maker's Mark, MGP Indiana, Wild Turkey, and Woodford Reserve.
Australian whisky.
Australia produces a number of single malt whiskies. Tasmanian whiskies in particular are receiving global attention. Australian whiskies are winning an increasing number of global whisky awards and medals, including for example in the World Whiskies Awards and Jim Murray's Whisky Bible 'Liquid Gold Awards'.
Australian whisky distilleries include:

</doc>
<doc id="2839380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839380" title="The Dorchester">
The Dorchester

The Dorchester is a five-star luxury hotel on Park Lane and Deanery Street, London, to the east of Hyde Park. It is one of the world's most prestigious and expensive hotels. The Dorchester opened on 18 April 1931, and still retains its 1930s furnishings and ambiance despite being modernised. 
Throughout its history the hotel has been closely associated with the rich and famous. During the 1930s it became known as a haunt of numerous writers and artists such as poet Cecil Day-Lewis, novelist Somerset Maugham, and the painter Sir Alfred Munnings. It held prestigious literary gatherings, notably the "Foyles Literary Luncheons", an event the hotel still hosts today. During the Second World War, the strength of its construction gave the hotel the reputation of being one of London's safest buildings, and a host of political and military luminaries chose it as their London residence. Queen Elizabeth II attended the Dorchester when she was a princess on the day prior to the announcement of her engagement to the Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh on 10 July 1947. The hotel has since become particularly popular with film actors, models and rock stars, and Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton frequently stayed at the hotel throughout the 1960s and 1970s. The hotel became a Grade II Listed Building in January 1981, and was subsequently purchased by the Sultan of Brunei in 1985. It belongs to the Dorchester Collection, which in turn is owned by the Brunei Investment Agency (BIA), an arm of the Ministry of Finance of Brunei. 
The Dorchester Hotel has 250 rooms and 49 suites. In the 1950s, theatrical designer Oliver Messel made a number of notable changes to the interior of the hotel, incorporating aspects of theatrical design into the hotel interior. He designed the lavish apartments on the 7th and 8th floors; the Oliver Messel Suite is named after him, designed in the Georgian country house style. Between 1988 and 1990, the hotel was completely renovated by Bob Lush of the Richmond Design Group at a cost of US $100 million. 
Today The Dorchester has five restaurants: "The Grill", "Alain Ducasse", "The Spatisserie", "The Promenader", and "China Tang". Alain Ducasse's restaurant is one of the UK's four 3-Michelin-starred restaurants. Afternoon tea, a tradition which has taken place at the hotel since its opening in 1931, is served every day of the week at five in the afternoon in "The Promenader" and the "Spatisserie". Harry Craddock, one of the world's most famous barmen of the 1930s, invented the "Dorchester of London" cocktail here at the Dorchester Bar. A well-lit plane tree stands at the edge of the hotel in the front garden, and was named one of the "Great Trees of London" by the London Tree Forum and Countryside Commission in 1997. 
History.
Background.
The site was originally part of the Manor of Hyde, which was given to William the Conqueror by Geoffrey de Mandeville. Joseph Damer acquired it in the 18th century and a large building was constructed in 1751. It was named Dorchester House in 1792 after Damer became the Earl of Dorchester. In the early 19th century it became the Hertford House after it was purchased by Francis Seymour-Conway, the 3rd Marquess of Hertford, and alterations were made to it, inspired by the Villa Farnese of Rome. Following the death of Hertford, it was converted into a mansion by Captain Robert Stayner Holford.
The background to the development of the Dorchester Hotel is complicated. Sir Malcolm McAlpine, a partner in the building company, Sir Robert McAlpine & Sons, and Sir Frances Towle, the managing director of Gordon Hotels Ltd., shared a vision of creating the ‘perfect hotel’: ultramodern and ultra-efficient, with all the conveniences modern technology could supply. The two companies purchased Hertford House in 1929 and quickly demolished it. The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) had also shown an interest in purchasing it and had almost done so prior to the McAlpine acquisition, but instead they turned their attention to Foley House. The purchase and destruction of Hertford House was part of significant redevelopment which took place on Park Lane during this period; it followed the gutting of Grosvenor House and the building of the Grosvenor Hotel, which was completed in 1929.
Construction.
Sir Owen Williams was commissioned to design the new hotel, using reinforced concrete to allow the creation of large internal spaces without support pillars, but he abandoned the project in February 1930 and was replaced with William Curtis Green. James Maude Richards, hired by Williams, served as an architectural assistant within the all-engineer staff. Percy Morley Horder, consulting architect to Gordon's Hotels, had not been consulted during the design process and, after seeing the plan, resigned from the project, remarking to "The Observer" that the design was ill-suited for the location, assuming the concrete was to be left unpainted and that the insulation would be minimal. Some 40,000 tonnes of earth were excavated to make room for the hotel's extensive basement which is one-third of the size of the hotel above the surface. The upper eight floors were erected in just 10 weeks, supported on a massive thick reinforced concrete deck that forms the roof of the first floor. With the development of the Dorchester, concerns were raised that Park Lane would soon become New York City's Fifth Avenue. 
1931–1945.
The new Dorchester Hotel was feted with a grand opening on 18 April (21 April also cited) 1931 by Lady Violet Astor. The Dorchester quickly gained reputation as a luxury hotel. During the 1930s it became known as a haunt of numerous writers and artists such as poet Cecil Day-Lewis, novelist Somerset Maugham, and the painter Sir Alfred Munnings. There were prestigious literary gatherings, including "Foyles Literary Luncheons", an event the hotel still hosts. Shortly after the opening, Sir Percival David, a leading admirer of Chinese porcelain, moved his growing collection from the Mayfair Hotel to the Dorchester, where he kept it in his suites for many years. Danny Kaye began appearing in cabaret at the hotel in the 1930s, initially earning £50 a week. Many blues and jazz artists appeared at the hotel, including Alberta Hunter and the Jack Jackson Orchestra. In 1934, Hunter and her orchestra recorded Noël Coward's "I Travel Alone" and Cole Porter's "Miss Ortis Regrets" at the hotel; both Coward and Porter were fans. It also became a rendezvous for many businessmen; it was at the Dorchester that British Petroleum formed a joint Collaborate Committee with ICI in 1943.
During the Second World War, the strength of its construction gave the hotel the reputation of being one of London's safest buildings. On its opening, Sir Malcolm McAlpine declared it to be "bomb-proof, earthquake-proof and fireproof," and the only damage inflicted on the building by the Luftwaffe during the war was several broken windows. Some felt the communal air-raid shelter in the basement to be insufficiently exclusive and retreated to the hotel's underground gymnasium and Turkish baths, which had been converted into a shelter by Victor Cazalet. Its wartime clientele included such political and military luminaries as Lord Halifax (Foreign Minister), Oliver Stanley (Minister for War), Air Chief Marshal Sir Charles Portal (Chief of the Air Staff), Duff Cooper (with his wife Lady Diana Cooper), Oliver Lyttleton (President of the Board of Trade) and Duncan Sandys (Financial Secretary to the War Office). Halifax and his wife took eight rooms as well as a chapel in the hotel, and when possible he enjoyed trysts with his mistress, Alexandra "Baba" Metcalfe, who was also staying in the hotel and concurrently having an affair with Dino Grandi, Mussolini's representative in London. General Dwight D. Eisenhower took a suite on the first floor (now the "Eisenhower Suite") in 1942 after having previously stayed at Claridge's and in 1944 made it his headquarters; Kay Summersby, his chauffeur and purported mistress, and Roosevelt’s representative Averell Harriman also stayed there thanks to its reputation as a safe haven. During a dinner party which Harriman attended in the Dorchester, the bombing was so intense that guests came down to join him there as it was safer than in the upper-floor rooms. Bostonian Sherry Mangan of "Time" was one of several American correspondents who stayed at the hotel during the war, meeting the Trotskyist Sam Gordon in 1944 who asked if the Dorchester was safe from air raids, to which Mangan assured him that "every fifth columnist in London is staying here."
Post-war.
In 1949, the 150th anniversary of Alexander Pushkin's birth was organized at the hotel by the Society of Cultural Relations with the USSR, attended by the Soviet chargé d'affaires, the Polish ambassador, the Romanian minister, and Cecil Day-Lewis, raising Mi5's suspicions that he still had communist sympathies, a contention he later denounced. In the post-war period, the Dorchester became one of the most popular hotels in London for actors and entertainers, and the banqueting rooms and suites became known for their press conferences and parties. Diners at the Dorchester included Cyril Connolly, T. S. Eliot, Harold Nicolson, and Edith Sitwell, with a clientele of luminaries such as Ralph Richardson, Elizabeth Taylor, Alfred Hitchcock, and Barbra Streisand. Queen Elizabeth II attended the Dorchester when she was a princess on the day prior to the announcement of her engagement to the Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh on 10 July 1947. Prince Philip also held his stag night party at the hotel, which has been documented in a plaque.
When Said bin Taimur of Oman was ousted in a coup in July 1970 and replaced with his son Qaboos bin Said, he was sent in exile and lived at the Dorchester until his death in 1972. The McAlpine family owned the hotel until 1977 when they sold it to a consortium of businessmen from the Middle East headed by the Sultan of Brunei. On 3 June 1982, Shlomo Argov, the Israeli ambassador to the United Kingdom was shot and seriously injured in an assassination attempt as he left the Dorchester. The attack was the immediate cause for the 1982 Lebanon War. 
In 1985, the hotel was purchased by the Sultan of Brunei. The hotel is currently owned by the Dorchester Collection, which in turn is owned by the Brunei Investment Agency (BIA), an arm of the Ministry of Finance of Brunei. The Dorchester Collection owns luxury hotels in the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Switzerland and Italy. In 1988, the hotel closed for two years for a major refurbishment.
In June 1998 the brother of the Sultan of Brunei, Prince Jefri Bolkiah, was sued by his former business partners in a case that was settled out of court. During the case the Manoukians claimed that Prince Jefri kept 40 prostitutes at a time at the Dorchester. In March 2002, a robbery took place in the lobby of the hotel when thieves wearing ski masks smashed the jewelry cabinets with a sledgehammer and took off with jewels. The Dorchester celebrated its 80th anniversary in 2011. To mark the event, the charity ‘Trees for Cities’ planted eighty ‘future great trees’ around the capital.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The architectural style adopted by William Curtis Green, largely based on Owen William's design, was a departure from the Neoclassical with its reinforced concrete covered over with terrazzo slabs. British Modernists were disappointed with the result, describing Green's adaptation as, "a genteel period piece which looks the compromise it is". In comparison to some of the other hotels in London such as the Lanesborough, the building's exterior is unremarkable. It is eight storeys high aside from the ground floor, with the central bay containing three windows on each floor. Christopher Matthew has stated that he thinks of the Dorchester as a "rather American hotel", not only because of the strong association with American actors such as Elizabeth Taylor, but because the sweeping 1930s facade reminded him of many of those which appeared in American film musicals. However, he notes that the hotel still remains "very much an English hotel". The hotel became a Grade II Listed Building in January 1981.
Interior.
The interior displays a "subtle amalgam of styles", testament to the number of different designers involved over the years, including William Curtis Green, Oliver Ford, Alberto Pinto and Oliver Messel. Green designed the original interior which is still retained in part. Kim Einhorn believes that this fusion of style was achieved tastefully and has remarked that the Dorchester Hotel is "a good example of somewhere it may be better to add decor rather than completely re-invent". DK Eyewitness describes the Dorchester as "the epitome of the glamorous luxury hotel, with an outrageously lavish lobby and a star-studded history." Rooms include the Grill Room, the Ballroom, the Gold Room, the Crush Hall, the (former) Oriental Restaurant, and the Dorchester Bar. The Ballroom was built to accommodate some 1,000 guests. Thomas Prebensen Steen, in his book "Remarkable hotels of Europe", describes the doors of the hotel, "Effectively set off by the ivory walls between the pilasters behind the row of Corinthian columns, the doorways are easily recognised as decorative masterpieces in their own right: dominated by stuccoed, classic pediments decorated with friezes and gilded details, these impressive portals, with either double or single, richly panelled Georgian mahogany doors, make a regal link between the Promenade and Dorchester's renowned, stunning banqueting rooms." Gold leaf and marble remain distinct features of the public rooms of the hotel, including the restaurants, with features more reminiscent of an English country house than a hotel. Considerable efforts to make the rooms soundproof at the Dorchester were made from the outset; the exterior walls were faced with cork, and the floors and ceilings of the bedrooms and suites were lined with compressed seaweed. Following renovation, the hotel was fitted with double glazing, and triple glazing on the Park Lane side to further improve soundproofing.
In the 1950s, theatrical designer Oliver Messel made a number of notable changes to the interior of the hotel. He incorporated aspects of theatrical design into the hotel interior, and designed the lavish apartments on the 7th and 8th floors. As "Country Life" documented, Messel's rooms at the hotel "represents a rare glimpse into the world of mid-20th-century interior design", in which he drew upon his skills as a theatre designer to fill his rooms with "tricks of space and light, colour and period reference. Today one of the suites is named after him, the Oliver Messel Suite. This suite displays a remarkable Georgian country house ambiance. Messel made the changes on the Deanery Side of the building in 1952/3. Oliver Frederick Ford served as consultant designer from 1962, decorating both the Stanhope Suite and the Orchid Room, a corner of which was completely re-built and decorated in the English rococo style. He also remodelled the white, gold, and green entrance hall. The current dark green staff uniform of The Dorchester was designed in 1980 and is also attributed to Ford.
Between 1988 and 1990, the hotel was completely renovated by Bob Lush of the Richmond Design Group at a cost of $100 million. The Promenade, Grill Room, and the Oliver Messel Suite were restored during the renovation. The Dorchester Spa is also designed in an Art Deco style, featuring, as Steen puts it, "elegant statues, engraved panels after René Lalique, blond maple woodwork, and a decorative pond with a group of small bronze foundations formed as water lilies producing gentle sounds of waterfall." Liberace's piano sits in the lobby.
As of 2012, the Dorchester has 250 rooms and 49 suites. In the rooms, specially-made Irish linen sheets cover the four poster beds, with cherry wood furnishings. The bath tubs, cited as "probably the deepest in London", are made of Italian marble in the Art Deco style. All rooms in the hotel either provide views of Hyde Park or of its landscaped terraces. During the major renovation of 2002, all rooms and suites were fitted with modern telecommunication systems. The hotel has its own floristry team, led by designer florist Philip Hammond, who are responsible for regularly updating the flowers on display in the hotel and providing their services for weddings and special occasions.
Restaurants.
The Dorchester has five restaurants: "The Grill", "Alain Ducasse", "The Spatisserie", "The Promenader", and "China Tang", and three bars, two of which are in the last two restaurants. Employing 90 full-time chefs, the hotel has long had a reputation for its cuisine, and chefs such as Jean Baptiste Virlogeux, Eugene Kaufeler, Willi Elsener and Anton Mosimann have all run restaurants there. Mosimann ran the "Maitre Chef des Cuisines" at the Dorchester for 13 years. Virlogeux, head chef during the Second World War, had to succumb to rationing and a national maximum-price restriction of five shillings for a three-course meal.
Alain Ducasse's restaurant, "Alain Ducasse at the Dorchester", holds three Michelin stars. When refurbished along with other parts of the hotel in 2007, the redesign purposefully retained its 1940s influence. The restaurant serves contemporary French cuisine using seasonal French and British ingredients. The restaurant features a special table for up to six diners called the "Table Lumière", lit by 4500 fibre optic lights. It is surrounded by a thin white curtain which allows diners at the table to view out into the restaurant but prevents other diners from viewing in. "The Grill" restaurant, which serves British cuisine, is decorated in a Moorish theme, attributed to King Alfonso's influence during his time in London in exile in the 1930s. The cream-painted walls feature gilded gratings and mirrored arches and display a Flemish tapestry. The ceilings are ornate, featuring gold leaves and brass chandeliers, and the room also features deep red riveted leather chairs and deep red curtains, with a Middle Eastern-looking exotic carpet.
"The Promenader" was refurbished in 1990 by Leslie Wright with a gilded ceiling and reliefs and brass lanterns, and was altered again in 2005 by Thierry Despont, who fitted it with an oval leather bar; it forms the grand entrance and has a length which is equal to that of Nelson's Column. Piano music is played throughout much of the day, with live jazz from 19:30. Afternoon tea, a tradition which has taken place at the hotel since its opening in 1931, is served every day of the week at five in the afternoon in the large "Promenader" and the "Spatisserie", with guests seated in decorative upholstered sofas with low tables placed in front of them. The tables are set with elegant silver cutlery and crockery, with Corinthian columns made of marble, glittering chandeliers, French tapestries and potted plants in the background. Tea is served by waiters dressed in English-style long coats. Hollywood actor Charlton Heston, a frequent guest at the hotel, once commented on the aspect of service at the hotel: “The cooks and bakers, the clerks and porters, the maids and the flower ladies, the bell men "are" the hotel”. 
The choice of tea offered to the guests is diverse, and includes the hotel's own Dorchester Blend. The service includes a first course consisting of finger sandwiches with sliced cucumber, cream cheese, and smoked salmon, all served in silver trays, a second course consisting of scones with clotted cream and jam, followed by a pastry tray with a selection of freshly-made patisseries.
"China Tang" is owned by the businessman David Tang and was opened in 2005. The restaurant is luxuriously designed, with an art deco lounge bar reminiscent of 1930s Shanghai. "The Spatisserie" is an informal restaurant, which specialises in light snacks and afternoon tea, serving cakes, biscuits and pastries.
The Dorchester Bar was initially rebuilt in 1938 and was run by Harry Craddock, one of the world's most famous barmen of the period, known for his Martini, Manhattan and White Lady cocktails. Craddock invented the "Dorchester of London" cocktail here in the 1930s. The bar was refurbished in 1979. It was designed by Alberto Pinto with bleached wood, Provençale blue and white ceramic picture panels, and a mirrored ceiling. As of 2012, the bar is curved and is furnished with rich "blacks, browns and aubergine – combined with lacquered mahogany, mirrored glass and velvet." In the evenings, jazz is played in the bar. As of 2002, the Dorchester had 460 different wines in stock.
Grounds.
A plane tree, with its monumental root system, stands at the edge of the hotel in the well-tended front garden. The branches of the tree are fitted with numerous bulbs which makes the night scene of the hotel evocative. Named one of the "Great Trees of London" by the London Tree Forum and Countryside Commission in 1997, it featured in a BBC programme "Meetings with Remarkable Trees" in 2000.
Association with entertainment.
The hotel has continued to be associated with actors, rock stars and people in entertainment. Numerous film actors and people have auditioned, been interviewed or have stayed at the Dorchester over the years, and it is strongly associated with cinema, particularly American film. From the 1940s onwards the Dorchester was a common rendezvous for film producers, actors and casting agents. In 1940, Gabriel Pascal and David Lean used Pascal's hotel suite as the casting location for the movie "Major Barbara"; Deborah Kerr, who auditioned for the film, said of it: "How bizarre it was. This room full of chaps smoking enormous cigars and drinking martinis and this young girl reciting the Lords' Prayer." In the 1940s, producer Earl St. John was found drunk at the hotel; writer and co-producer Eric Ambler promptly sent him back to John Davis in a taxi with a board around his neck with the words "Return to John Davis with compliments". Ray Bradbury stayed at the hotel during the filming of "Moby Dick" (1956). In 1964, John Lennon was invited to attend one of the Foyle Literary Luncheons after he received acclaim for his book "In His Own Write". John and Cynthia had not realised the notability of the event and attended with a hangover, with Lennon disappointing the crowd which had gathered at the Dorchester who were expecting a speech, simply muttering "Thank you very much, it's been a pleasure". Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor were regulars at the hotel throughout the 1960s and 1970s and spent their honeymoon in the Oliver Messel suite in March 1964. Burton was interviewed in his suite while promoting "The Wild Geese" in 1978.
The hotel has also hosted many footballers attending the F.A. Cup Finals over the years, and in 1961 Leicester City players checked in before playing Tottenham Hotspur. Taylor and Burton were staying there at the time. In 1972, Raquel Welch visited Stamford Bridge and invited the Chelsea Football Club team back to a cocktail party at the Dorchester, which was also attended by the Rolling Stones. In 2003, Ken Bates agreed to sell Chelsea Football Club to Roman Abramovich after they met for 20 minutes at the hotel. On August 28 2007, an honorary dinner for Nelson Mandela was held at the Dorchester on the eve of the unveiling of his statue on Parliament Square. It was also at a Dorchester suite that actor Christian Bale was alleged to have assaulted his mother and sister shortly before "The Dark Knight" premiere in July 2008 and was subsequently arrested.

</doc>
<doc id="2839381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839381" title="Citroën C-Crosser">
Citroën C-Crosser

The Citroën C-Crosser is a compact crossover, launched in July 2007, designed for the French manufacturer Citroën, and produced by Mitsubishi Motors on the basis of the new Outlander. The equivalent Peugeot badge-engineered version is the 4007.
It was expected that the car would be named the C7, but it was announced that it would be called the C-Crosser. The C-Crosser took its name from the four-wheel drive concept car that Citroën first displayed in the 2001 Frankfurt Motor Show.
Together, the 4007 and C-Crosser are the first Japanese-produced cars sold under any French brand. Since 2009, they have been assembled, for Europe, in the factory that was built in the 1960s to assemble DAFs, now Mitsubishi's Nedcar plant in Born, Netherlands and since 2011 at the Russian PSA Peugeot Citroen/Mitsubishi joint venture factory in Kaluga.
In 2012, production of the C-Crosser ended, and it was replaced by the C4 Aircross.
Seating.
The second and third row of seats can be folded away to provide a flat floor and an expanded load capacity for the boot.
The rear two seats can be completely hidden away under the floor, while the second row of seating, slides to offer greater leg room or boot space, features a 60:40 split/fold function that is operated via electric controls in the boot.
This allows for the car to be used for both sporting and also for transporting groups of up to 7 people, including the driver. This is similar to the seating arrangement in the current Citroën C4 Picasso which also offers the capability of seating seven persons.
Engines and transmissions.
The C-Crosser’s integral transmission allows drivers to have a choice of three settings, dependent on road conditions and driving style: two-wheel drive, four-wheel drive and a lock setting designed for low-grip conditions. Ensuring an optimum blend of comfort, road holding and off-road capability. All these transmissions are selectable using the control behind the gear lever.

</doc>
<doc id="2839383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839383" title="John Alexander Anderson">
John Alexander Anderson

John Alexander Anderson (June 26, 1834 – May 18, 1892) was a six-term U.S. Congressman from Kansas (1879–1891), and the second President of Kansas State Agricultural College (1873–1879).
Anderson was born in Washington County, Pennsylvania in 1834, and graduated from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, in 1853. His father, William Caldwell Anderson, served as the fourth President of Miami University during this time, holding that position from 1849 to 1854. Future U.S. President Benjamin Harrison was his roommate for a time in college.
Church career and University Presidency.
Following graduation, John Anderson entered the Presbyterian ministry, and was ordained four years later. His first charge was located in Stockton, California, where he served until 1862 when he was appointed chaplain of the 3rd California Volunteer Infantry. In this capacity, he accompanied General Patrick Edward Connor and the regiment on its expedition to Salt Lake City, Utah. Alexander resigned from this role in the spring of 1863, and he was subsequently appointed relief agent, United States Sanitary Commission, a post he held until 1865.
In 1868 Anderson came to Kansas as pastor of the First Presbyterian church in Junction City. He soon became a vocal critic of the fact that Kansas State Agricultural College, the Land-grant university in neighboring Manhattan, Kansas, was focusing on providing a classic liberal arts education rather than a practical agricultural education. Partly as a result of his advocacy, the Kansas Board of Regents appointed Anderson the second President of Kansas State on September 1, 1873. Anderson's tenure was marked by pedagogical reform in which academic emphasis was subordinated to a more practical approach to applied agriculture.
Political career.
Anderson was elected as a Republican to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1878, but he continued to serve as head of Kansas State until September, 1879, when he resigned. He was reelected to congress three times, before failing to receive the Republican nomination in 1886. Anderson promptly switched from the Republican party to an independent ticket and won reelection anyway. In 1888 he was elected to his final term, again as a Republican.
After his Congressional career ended, President Benjamin Harrison, his former college roommate, appointed Anderson consul general to Cairo, Egypt in 1891. However, Anderson grew ill in the execution of his duties and died in Liverpool, England in 1892 while in transit back to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2839393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839393" title="Lichun">
Lichun

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Lìchūn (pīnyīn) or Risshun (rōmaji) () is the 1st solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 315° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 330°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 315°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around February 4 and ends around February 18 (February 19 East Asia time). It's also the beginning of a Sexagenary cycle.
Pentads.
Each solar term can be divided into 3 pentads (候). They are: first pentad (初候), second pentad (次候) and last pentad (末候). Pentads in Lichun include:
Customs.
Lichun traditionally signifies the beginning of spring in East Asian cultures. Chinese New Year is celebrated around this time. Farmers often celebrate the beginning of Lichun with special village events, worship and offerings to the gods and ceremonies for a blissful and prosperous new year. In China, people eat "chūnbǐng" (春餅) on this day.
In the lunisolar calendar, New Year's Day might be before or after Lichun. A year without Lichun is called 無春年 ("no spring year"). 無春年 is also known as 寡婦年 ("widow year") in northern China or 盲年 ("blind year") in southern China. Marriage is believed to be unlucky in a year without Lichun.
In the Republic of China, Lichun has been Farmer's Day since 1941.
Popular culture.
Literature.
Lichun was frequently mentioned in literature. The most famous reference is probably Du Fu's (杜甫) "shi" (詩), simply titled "Lìchūn" (立春):
This poem tells us about the traditional custom of eating "chūnbǐng" (春餅) on this day.

</doc>
<doc id="2839396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839396" title="Cassie's law">
Cassie's law

Cassie's law describes the effective contact angle θc for a liquid on a composite surface. The law explains how simply roughing up a surface increases the apparent surface angle. The law is stated as:
where by θ1 is the contact angle for component 1 with areal fraction f1, and θ2 is the contact angle for component 2 with area fraction f2 present in the composite material. This equation takes on special meaning when in a 2-component system one component is air with a contact angle of 180°. With cosine(180) = −1, the equation reduces to:
which implies that with a small "f"1 and a large θ1, it is possible to create surfaces with a very large contact angle. Cassie's research pointed out that the water-repelling quality of ducks is due to the very nature of the composite formed between air and feather and not by other causes, such as the presence of exceptional proofing agents like oils. Water striders also exploit this phenomenon. Artificial superhydrophobic materials such as nanopin film exist in the laboratory that also make use of this law.

</doc>
<doc id="2839399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839399" title="Desmond Armstrong">
Desmond Armstrong

Desmond Kevin Armstrong (born November 2, 1964) is a retired American soccer defender and midfielder, who was a member of the United States national team from 1987 to 1994. He played three seasons in Major Indoor Soccer League, part of one in the Brazilian First Division, two in the American Professional Soccer League and two in USISL.
Player.
Youth.
Armstrong was born and raised in Washington, D.C. When he was 11, a local youth soccer coach spotted Armstrong playing soccer and recruited him into the coach's youth team. From that point on Armstrong moved into high school, college, and national team soccer. He attended Howard High School in Ellicott City, Maryland. Armstrong's college career was spent at the University of Maryland, where he was first team All ACC in 1984 and 1985 and second team All ACC in 1983. He played in a total of 78 games for the university, tallying 24 goals and 18 assists. In 1986, he was part of the Fairfax Spartans club which won the National Amateur Cup, defeating St. Louis Busch 3-0. The Spartans featured other national team players John Kerr, Bruce Murray and John Stollmeyer in addition to Armstrong.
Professional.
Armstrong played two seasons for the Cleveland Force of the Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL) from 1986 to 1988. At the end of the 1987-1988 season, he transferred to the Baltimore Blast. However, on January 14, 1989, he broke his leg mid way through the season. In February 1991, he signed with Santos of the Brazilian First Division making Armstrong the first American player ever to sign a professional contract in Brazil. Upon completing the season Armstrong returned to the U.S. with the Maryland Bays, in the American Professional Soccer League. That year, the Bays made it to the league semifinals before falling to the Albany Capitals. In 1995, he moved to the Washington Warthogs of the Continental Indoor Soccer League on loan from Major League Soccer as he was the fifth player signed to the new league. Armstrong decided to compete with the Charlotte Eagles of the United Soccer Leagues/ USISL for the 1996 season opting out of his contract with Major League Soccer and later retiring from the game at the age of 31. That year he was selected to the USISL All Pro League Team. 
National team.
His first appearance for the United States national team came in 1987 in a match against Egypt. He was also a member of the Olympic team in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. His performance with the Olympic team made him a mainstay on the national team through the early 1990s, playing in all three of USA's games of the 1990 FIFA World Cup. He made a total of 81 appearances for the national team, though he never scored a goal at this level.
Coach.
Since his retirement from international soccer, he has remained active in coaching and community initiatives. He has spent time organizing for inner-city Christian Ministries programs such as Soccer Beats (now Heroes FA). In 2000 he was named as the national coaching director for the program Soccer in the Streets. In the mid-1990s he coached the USA Hurricanes club level soccer team in Charlotte, NC. In 1999, he became the head coach of the Montreat College Cavaliers in Montreat, North Carolina which play in the NAIA. He remained in this position until his retirement in 2006. Armstrong also coached the youth team '85 HFC Vipers of Asheville, North Carolina from 2000-2004. After leaving Montreat, Armstrong joined the youth club, Bethesda Roadrunners, as its head coach. He also created another section of Heroes FA, in Maryland and is currently their head coach and technical director. He is also the Director of Recruiting in Ohio for Brad Friedel's Premier Soccer Academies. He was named technical director of Rocket City United on December 11, 2009.
Broadcaster.
Armstrong has worked for ABC Sports. During the 1994 FIFA World Cup, Armstrong was an ESPN studio analyst. Armstrong provided commentary for all Cleveland City Stars home games. The games will be aired on SportsTime Ohio. The City Stars play in the USL First Division.
On May 11, 2007, he was inducted into the Maryland Soccer Hall of Fame.
On February 29, 2012, he was inducted to the National Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="2839403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839403" title="Agropoli">
Agropoli

Agropoli is a town and "comune" located in the Cilento area of the province of Salerno, Campania, Italy. It is situated at the start of the Cilento coast, on the Tyrrhenian Sea. Its population is 21,251.
History.
Pre-medieval period.
The promontory on which Agropoli stands has been inhabited since Neolithic times. It seems, however, that it was not until the later Bronze and Iron Ages that it came to be continuously inhabited by a stable, indigenous population, which lived off hunting and fishing.
To the east of the promontory, at the mouth of the River Testene, there is a natural sheltered bay, called "Foce" in ancient times, but which is now almost completely silted up. Before and after the foundation of nearby Poseidonia (c. 625 BC), the Greeks used it for trading with the local people. They gave the promontory the Greek name, "Petra" ("rocky hill"), and built a temple on it, dedicated to Artemis, the Goddess of Hunting.
It has been established that in Roman times, on the coastal stretch, now known as San Marco, east of the promontory, and to the right of the Testene, a seaside town called "Ercula" developed and flourished between the 1st century BCE, and the 5th century CE. Meanwhile, the harbour of neighbouring Poseidonia (by then, renamed Paestum by the Romans) became progressively silted up by the process of coastal bradyseism.
Medieval period.
During the 5th century, when the Vandals made life difficult in Ercula, its inhabitants retreated to the overlooking promontory, which offered better prospects for defence. Then, in the 6th century CE, during the Greco-Gothic war (535-553), the Byzantines needed a secure, well-protected harbour, south of Salerno, so they fortified it, and called it Acropolis, meaning "high town".
Towards the end of the 6th century, the Longobard invasion forced the Bishop of Paestum to take refuge in Agropoli, which then became not only the episcopal see, but the main centre of the surviving Byzantine territories in Tyrrhenian Lucania.
Agropoli remained in the hands of the Byzantines until 882, when the town fell to the Saracens, who turned it into a formidable stronghold (). From this base, they set out to plunder and terrorise the surrounding areas, right up to the walls of Salerno. Eventually, in 915, they were driven out from their trenched camp at Garigliano. Agropoli was also liberated, and came back under the jurisdiction of the bishops, who had established their see in (old) Capaccio during this period.
For the rest of the medieval period, the area remained under the protection of the bishops, who also possessed huge territories, including the inhabited areas of Eredita and Ogliastro, as well as the former villages of Lucolo, Mandrolle, Pastina, San Marco in Agropoli and San Pietro in Eredita. This vast area constituted the feudal district of Agropoli which had been ceded to the bishops of Capaccio in Norman times and, except for brief periods, was possessed by them until the early decades of the 15th century. In fact, in 1412, Pope Gregory XII ceded the feudal territories of Agropoli and Castellabate to King Ladislas of Durazzo (1386–1414) in partial payment of some war debts. However, the Crown did not formally take possession until 1443, and before this, on 20 July 1436, King Alfonso V of Naples granted the fiefs of Agropoli and Castellabate to Giovanni Sanseverino, Count of Marsico and Baron of Cilento, requiring him to pay the Bishop of Capaccio 12 ounces of gold annually.
Modern period.
The first statistics on Agropoli were compiled in 1445, when the town, including its dependent villages, had a total of 202 homes and, therefore, a similar number of families. Apart from a few changes, such as the temporary transfer to Rodrigo d'Avalos, Marquis of Vasto, from 1505 to 1507, Agropoli and its feudal lands were held by the Sanseverino family until 1552, when Prince Ferrante was accused of treason, and forced to give up all his possessions. After that, Agropoli passed to various families in succession:
Agropoli was a particular target of raids from North Africa in the 16th and 17th centuries, and the population dwindled to only a few hundred inhabitants. On 21 April 1544, the town was sacked, and about 100 people were taken prisoner. On 30 June 1630, a strong band of men from the surrounding Cilento helped the citizens of Agropoli to repel an attack by 700 Turkish pirates. The pirates managed to escape in their ships with a substantial amount of booty and many prisoners, but were nevertheless heavily defeated, and left many dead behind them.
During the 19th century, Agropoli began to expand outside the medieval walls, but the old town has remained intact, together with most of the surrounding defensive walls, and the 7th-century entrance gate.
Main sights.
The town, where some tombs predating the Byzantine period were recently found, also houses the medieval ruins of San Francesco's monastery, and the Churches of the Holy Mary of Constantinople (16th century), San Marco, and San Francesco. The beaches of Trentova Bay contribute to make Agropoli an important seaside resort.
The Angevin-Aragonese castle, which was built on the 6th century Byzantine foundations, still stands on top of the promontory. It has a triangular plan with three circular towers and a moat. To the west of the modern tourist harbour is another small promontory, on which the coastal tower of San Francesco (16th century) stands next to the much altered remains of the convent of the same name.
In the Municipal Antiquarian, there is a sizeable collection of archaeological finds, representing life in the area from prehistoric to medieval times.
Transportation.
Agropoli has a railway station on the main line Naples-Reggio Calabria. Road connection is guaranteed by the State Route SS18, which joins with the A3 Motorway at Battipaglia.
Agropoli has also a large tourist port, connected by ferries to Capri, Ischia, Salerno and Naples.
Sports.
U.S. Agropoli 1921 is the association football club representing the town, and its colors are white and light blue. In the season 2011-12 the team was promoted for the first time from 1990s, from Eccellenza Campania/B to Serie D.
One of the companies of Athletic is the ASD Agropoli Running, born October 26, 2011. It is supported by the sponsor "CIN - Centro Immobiliare Nunziata." Approaching children and young people to the sport, keep them away from the dangers of the road is a primary goal of the association, moved by the knowledge that sport is a very important moment of socialization and growth. Finally, create a role of image skilled in the leisure industry in the territory.

</doc>
<doc id="2839405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839405" title="World Subud Association">
World Subud Association

The World Subud Association (WSA) is a non-profit association registered in the state of Virginia, United States. Its members are the national Subud associations of around 80 countries world-wide.
The WSA meets every four or five years for a World Congress. Between congresses, the development and implementation of world congress proposals is overviewed by the World Subud Council (WSC), made up of the chairperson of the WSA, the chairperson of the International Subud Committee (ISC), the Zone Representatives (to a maximum of 9), 18 International Helpers, the representatives of the so-called "wings": 
The chairperson of the Muhammad Subuh Foundation is also invited to sit on the council. The International Subud Committee is the executive of the WSA and carries out the practical business, including the organisation of world congresses.

</doc>
<doc id="2839410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839410" title="Cannibal Ferox">
Cannibal Ferox

Cannibal Ferox, also known as Make Them Die Slowly, is a 1981 Italian exploitation film written and directed by Umberto Lenzi. Upon its release, the film's US distributor claimed it was "the most violent film ever made". "Cannibal Ferox" was also claimed to be "banned in 31 countries", some of which lifted their bans only recently.
Plot.
The film begins in New York City, with a man buying heroin from his dealer, Mike. The man finds two mobsters who are also looking for Mike because he owes them $100,000. They shoot him and leave him for dead.
Meanwhile, in Paraguay, two siblings, Rudy and Gloria, along with their friend Pat, prepare for a journey into the rain forest. They want to ensure that Gloria's theory was right; cannibalism is a myth. The trio encounter Mike and his partner Joe. Joe is badly wounded; Mike explains the two were attacked by cannibals. During the night, Gloria goes missing and Rudy finds a native village while looking for her.
Due to Joe's injuries, the troupe decides to stay in the nearly deserted native village. Mike seduces the naive Pat. In a cocaine-fueled rage, he encourages Pat to kill a native girl, but she is unable to do it, so Mike kills the girl himself. In his dying moments, Joe reveals that he and Mike were responsible for the cannibals' aggression. The two came to the region to exploit the natives for emeralds and cocaine, taking advantage of their trust in white men. One day, while high on cocaine, Mike brutally tortured and killed their native guide in full view of his tribe. The badly charred body that the troupe thought to be the Portuguese guide (who never existed) is actually this native. Mike kidnapped a native girl to lead them out of the jungle, but the two were followed and attacked.
In light of Mike's murder of the girl, the natives finally snap and begin to hunt the troupe. Joe dies of his wounds, and his body is found and cannibalized by the natives in full view of Rudy and Gloria, who are hiding from the natives. Mike and Pat had abandoned the rest of the troupe, but they are all rounded up by the natives eventually. They are forced into a cage (that Mike originally used to lock up natives) and forced to watch Mike be tortured and eaten. The wound is then cauterized to ensure he does not bleed to death. When the natives take the troupe to another village, Rudy manages to escape, hiding in a pool of water from the natives. However, he is caught in a booby trap in the jungle and the bleeding wound of his attracts the attention of piranhas, who force him out of the pool screaming. The natives shoot him with a poisoned dart, and he dies almost instantly.
Pat, Gloria, and Mike are taken to a new village where their suffering continues. The women are put in a hole in the ground as Mike is placed in a separate cage. The native man who Pat saved from Mike at the beginning appears, and lowers a rope into the hole so the women can escape. However, at this point Mike digs out of his cage, chases the man away, and cuts the rope, preventing the women from escaping. He then flees into the jungle. He is almost spotted by a plane being flown by a search party looking for the missing troupe (one of which is Mike's girlfriend from New York), but shouting in an attempt to be noticed by the plane causes the natives to finally locate him. They drag him to a fallen tree and cut off his right hand with a machete before taking him back to the village. When the search party lands, they are told by the natives that the explorers were in a canoe, which capsized. They were then eaten by crocodiles.
Pat is bound, stripped, and has hooks put through her breasts. She slowly bleeds to death as Gloria is forced to watch. Mike's head is placed in a crude apparatus, and the top of his head is cut off; the natives then proceed to eat his brains. Gloria is left for the night; during this time the same sympathetic native who Mike chased off earlier returns and frees her. He guides her through the jungle, but is eventually killed by one of his own people's booby traps. A desperate Gloria eventually meets up with a pair of trappers, who take her to safety. Instead of telling the true story, she backs up the natives' lie about the others being eaten by crocodiles.
The film ends with a shocked and jaded Gloria part of society once again. She has published a book called "Cannibalism: End of a Myth" which completely covers up the story of what happened. This was most likely done because of her realization that the natives were only vicious because of the extensive cruelty they had endured under the white man they once revered.
Release.
"Cannibal Ferox" was released uncut on video in the United Kingdom circa 1982 by Replay, but the film's transgressive imagery and scenes of real animal torture and slaughter resulted in the film promptly being banned under the Obscene Publications Act, finding itself languishing for years on the video nasties list. The most complete version currently available on DVD in the UK is missing around six minutes of footage (chiefly of graphic violence and animal cruelty), which was pre-cut before being given to the BBFC for a rating.
In the United States, "Cannibal Ferox" (aka "Make them Die Slowly") "original, uncensored director's cut" was released by Grindhouse Releasing in the late 1990s. Grindhouse Releasing is still the sole official licensed distributor of the film in North America.
Critical reception.
AllMovie called the film "revolting," but "nauseatingly effective," though noting that it is "primarily a showcase for the gory special-effects artistry of Gianetto de Rossi".
Music.
The film's soundtrack was written and performed by Roberto Donati and Fiamma Maglione (credited under their joint alias Budy Maglione). The score was first released in 1998 on CD by Blackest Heart Media. This CD version also contains Fabio Frizzi's score for Zombie. In 2014 the Cannibal Ferox soundtrack was re-released on vinyl and cassette by One Way Static Records. The vinyl edition contains four bonus tracks and extensive liner notes by Roberto Donati and the film's cast and crew.

</doc>
<doc id="2839415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839415" title="Howard C. Reiche Community School">
Howard C. Reiche Community School

The Howard C. Reiche Community School is a K–5 elementary school in the West End of Portland, Maine. Currently there is no principal.
The school building was constructed in the 1970s. Buildings in a four-block area were demolished to make room for the school, which was built according to an open-plan design. The two-story building, occupying , was designed for 371 students. It was designed by Portland architect Wilbur R. Ingalls, Jr.
, the school was the main elementary school for English as an additional language (ESL) students in the Portland Public Schools. ESL instruction began at Reiche in 1981 in response to an influx of Asian immigrants in the school's neighborhood after Portland's designation in 1980 as a refugee resettlement city. there were 515 students in the school, of whom 60 percent were from ethnic or linguistic minority groups and of whom 88 percent received free or reduced-price lunches. The students spoke 27 different languages other than English in their homes, including Arabic, Spanish, Somali, Khmer, Vietnamese, Serbo-Croatian, and Acholi.
There were about 300 students enrolled for the 2010-2011 school year. 
A branch library of the Portland Public Library was located in Reiche School from 1974 until 2010, when the library branch closed. Its space is now occupied by a new community policing center. The building also houses a community health clinic, a community swimming pool, a community gym and locker rooms, and other community center facilities.
In 1991–1992, Reiche School was designated a Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. In both 2003 and 2004 it was listed as failing to meet federal standards under the No Child Left Behind program. After the initial listing was announced in 2003, Reiche's "failing" rating was criticized by the principal of another Portland elementary school, located in an affluent neighborhood, that had been identified as one of Maine's best-performing schools. Longfellow School principal Dawn Carrigan was quoted in the "Bangor Daily News" comparing her school's results with Reiche's and stating her opinion that "there is no good reason to create public lists that compare schools, particularly when students come from different backgrounds." In subsequent years, Reiche school succeeded in getting off the "failing" list by making Adequate Yearly Progress.
In June 2011, Reiche announced it would become a teacher-led school, forgoing the more common principal leadership. It became one of the few schools in Maine to try the model.

</doc>
<doc id="2839417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839417" title="Opus (Austrian band)">
Opus (Austrian band)

Opus is a pop-rock group from Graz, Austria. Formed in 1973, the group remains active today. The band is chiefly known for its 1985 single release, "Live Is Life."
History.
In 1985, Opus released "Live Is Life," which topped the charts in many countries; it was a #1 hit in Canada for seven weeks in late 1985 and early 1986. A live recording of the song made the Top 40 in the US in 1986. It reached #6 in the UK Singles Chart on August 3, 1985, and stayed in the charts for 15 weeks. The track is popular as a sing-along song for crowds at sports events in Europe.
Another standout track from Opus was the power ballad "Flyin' High," a live version of which appeared both on the "Live is life" album, and on their successful US release, "Up and Down". At a concert in the mid-1980s, fellow Austrian rock star Falco joined Opus on stage for a rendition of "Flyin' High."
Opus remains active, "Live is Life" remaining its pinnacle release to date. The band also has had success with other songs in Austria, Germany and Switzerland.
In popular culture.
"Live is Life" has been included in such ventures and projects as: the official goal-scoring song for the New York Islanders 2010-2011 season, the Current TV series "Deadliest Journeys" on the episode "Siberia", and the soundtrack to the 2011 film "Take Me Home Tonight".
Cover versions of this song have also been performed by Stargo, Laibach, the Hungarian band Tormentor, the Estonian band Kuldne Trio ("Laip on Laip"), Axxis and Dolapdere Big Gang. Additionally, as a guest, DJ Ötzi released a version with the Hermes House Band in 2002, which reached #50 in the UK chart.
Recently the song has begun to gain traction in the U.S. as it has become a hallmark of live shows of the Austin, TX based duo "Kleb and Lippart." 

</doc>
<doc id="2839420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839420" title="Panevėžys District Municipality">
Panevėžys District Municipality

Panevėžys District Municipality is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="2839423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839423" title="JT (visualization format)">
JT (visualization format)

JT is a 3D data format developed by Siemens PLM Software (formerly UGS Corp.) and is used for product visualization, collaboration, and CAD data exchange. It can contain any combination of approximate (faceted) data, boundary representation surfaces (NURBS), Product and Manufacturing Information (PMI), and Metadata (textual attributes) either exported from the native CAD system or inserted by a product data management (PDM) system. It is probably the most widely used 3D visualization format for discrete manufacturing with over 4,000,100 JT-enabled licenses of software in use.
Overview.
JT files are used in product lifecycle management (PLM) software programs and their respective CAD solutions, by engineers and other professionals that need to analyze the geometry of complex products. The format and associated software is structured so that extremely large numbers of components can be quickly loaded, shaded and manipulated in real-time. Because all major 3D CAD formats are supported, a JT assembly can contain a mixture of any combination which has led to the term "multi-CAD". As JT is typically implemented as an integral part of a PLM solution, the resulting multi-CAD assembly is managed such that changes to the original CAD product definition files can be automatically synchronized with their associated JT files resulting in a multi-CAD assembly that is always up-to-date.
Because JT files are inherently "lightweight" (~1-10% of the size of a CAD file) they are ideal for internet collaboration. With the growing trend toward globalization, more companies are leveraging resources wherever they are available in the world. Collaboration using JT allows companies to send 3D visualization data to suppliers and partners much more easily than sending the associated "heavy" CAD files. In addition, real-time, on-line collaboration is easier because the amount of information sent back-and-forth across the internet is reduced. Finally, JT provides an inherent security feature such that intellectual property does not have to be shared with inappropriate parties. As indicated above, JT can contain any combination of data such that the right amount of information can be shared without exposing the underlying proprietary design definition information.
JT is often used for Digital mockup (DMU) work, which allows engineers to validate that a product can be assembled together without interferences long before a physical prototype could be produced. This "spatial validation" is enabled by precise measurements and cross-sectioning as well as sophisticated clearance/interference detection. Leveraging JT for digital mockup allows users to reduce or eliminate costly physical prototypes and enables decision-making to occur much earlier in the development process. 
Finally, JT is used as a CAD interoperability format for exchanging design data for Collaborative Product Development, where JT files are created by translating data from CAD systems such as NX (Unigraphics), Creo Elements/Pro, I-DEAS, Solid Edge, Catia, Microstation or Autodesk Inventor. JT is supported by an open industry forum, the JT Open Program, that is an open, influential community of users, software vendors, and interested parties advocating the use of JT as the visualization, collaboration and data-sharing standard for the PLM industry. The JT Open members have also proposed JT as suitable for use as a long-term data archival format.
History.
JT was originally developed by Engineering Animation, Inc. and Hewlett Packard as the DirectModel toolkit (initially Jupiter). When EAI was purchased by UGS, JT became a part of UGS Corp.’s suite of products. Early in 2007 UGS announced the publication of the JT data format easing the adoption of JT as a master 3D format. Also in 2007, UGS was acquired by Siemens AG and became Siemens PLM Software. JT is the common interoperability format in use across all of Siemens PLM Software and has been adopted as the long term data archival format across all of Siemens.
On 2009 September 18 the ISO stated officially that the JT specification has been accepted for publication as an ISO Publicly Available Specification (PAS). On 2012 December, JT has been officially published as ISO 14306:2012.
Large model rendering.
JT was created to support the interactive display of very large assemblies (i.e. those containing tens of thousands of components). The JT file format is capable of storing an arbitrary number of faceted representations with varying levels of detail (LODs). When the whole product is displayed on the computer screen the hosting application displays only a simple, coarse, model. However, as the user zooms into a particular area, progressively finer representations are loaded and displayed. Over time, unused representations are unloaded to save memory.
Data model.
The JT data model is capable of representing a wide range of engineering data. This data can be very lightweight, holding little more than facet data or it can be quite rich, containing complete NURBS geometry representations along with product structure, attributes, meta data and PMI. It also supports multiple tessellations and level-of-detail (LOD) generation.
File structure.
The relationship of product structure hierarchy to exported JT file structure is arbitrary. Any node in the hierarchy may be specified as the start of a new JT file. Thus, product structure may be represented in a variety of JT file configurations.
JT supports common product structure-to-file structure mappings. These include: 
Client applications may use these mappings, or choose to define their own custom mapping.
Compression.
To help shrink the storage and transmission bandwidth requirements of 3D models, JT files may take advantage of compression. Use of compression is transparent to the user of the JT data, and a given model may be composed of JT files using different compression settings (including none).
To date, the JT file format has evolved through two forms of compression, exposed in JT Open Toolkit as standard and advanced compression. These differ in that the former employs a simple, lossless compression algorithm, while the latter employs a more sophisticated, domain-specific compression scheme supporting lossy geometry compression. Client applications are encouraged to take advantage of advanced compression over standard compression, as attainable compression ratios are much greater. Support for standard compression is maintained only in the interest of backward compatibility with legacy JT file viewing applications.
The compression form used by a JT file is related to the JT file format version in which it was written. This version is readily viewable by opening a JT file in a text editor and looking at its ASCII header information.
JT Open.
JT Open is a community of users, software vendors, OEMs, and interested parties who, through an open distribution agreement of JT technology under a "level playing field" business model, are able to exchange 3D data for the purposes of visualization, collaboration and data sharing.
JT Open Toolkit.
The JT Open Toolkit is a C++ library that provides read and write access to JT data. It allows applications to dramatically reduce coding and maintenance effort needed to create JT-enabled applications. Using the toolkit also ensures 100% data compatibility.
JT2Go.
JT2Go is a no-charge, lightweight viewer that enables anyone to view JT files for free. With the inclusion of Microsoft Office plug-ins, JT2Go also enables 3D JT data to be embedded in Microsoft Office documents.

</doc>
<doc id="2839430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839430" title="Robert Kerman">
Robert Kerman

Robert Charles Kerman (born December 16, 1947), also known as R. Bolla, or Richard Bolla, is an American actor. He grew up in a middle-class Italian-Jewish neighborhood of Bensonhurst, Brooklyn. As R. Bolla, he appeared in well over 100 pornographic films, most famously "Debbie Does Dallas" (1978). He also appeared in the sequel, "Debbie Does Dallas II" (1981). He's also one of the few adult film stars to make the jump into mainstream cinema. His most famous mainstream role was as Dr. Harold Monroe in the controversial horror film "Cannibal Holocaust".
Adult film career.
Kerman started his adult film career in 1975. He first appeared in performing on-screen sex with director Roberta Findlay in "Anyone But My Husband". Kerman then became one of the biggest stars of the Golden Age of Porn, star of such classics as "Debbie Does Dallas", Gerard Damiano's "The Satisfiers of Alpha Blue" and Henri Pachard's "The Devil in Miss Jones Part II". He won the Adult Film Association of America Best Supporting Actor award for "Outlaw Ladies" in 1981, and was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame in 1998. His last role in an explicit hardcore film was in 1987's "Corporate Assets".
Kerman highly regrets his participation in "Debbie Does Dallas" as he feels it ruined his mainstream career. In the 2005 Channel 4 documentary "Debbie Does Dallas Uncovered" he states: "In retrospect I'm really sorry that I did it, because I probably ruined the best years of my life as an actor."
Mainstream career.
Kerman's breakthrough into the mainstream came in 1979, when he featured alongside Alain Delon and Robert Wagner in "The Concorde ... Airport '79", in the role of Dulles Controller. In the 1980s, he starred in several Italian horror films, including Ruggero Deodato's exploitation classic "Cannibal Holocaust", and Umberto Lenzi's cannibal films "Mangiati Vivi" and "Cannibal Ferox". He received critical acclaim for his role in the 1982 drama feature "Mission Hill". But he remained active in pornography throughout the first half of the decade, with notable roles including Lawyer Quim in "Liquid A$$ets" (1982), and Fritz von Holenwohl in the Henri Pachard directed "Public Affairs" (1984).
Cannibal Holocaust.
In the DVD commentary for "Cannibal Holocaust" (in interview with Sage Stallone and Bob Murawski), Kerman described film director Ruggero Deodato as "remorseless" and "uncaring". He and Deodato got into long, drawn-out arguments every day of shooting, usually because of remarks made by Deodato. One particular aspect that led to disagreement was the genuine killing of animals. Kerman stormed off the set while the death of a coatimundi was filmed.
Television.
In 1985, Kerman broke into television, with his role as an attorney in an episode of "Hill Street Blues", and supporting roles in two episodes of "Simon & Simon". Two years later, he featured as a CID Agent alongside Kevin Costner and Gene Hackman in the thriller "No Way Out" (1987), the same year that he was cast in an episode of "Cagney & Lacey".
After losing his mainstream agent in early nineties, Kerman began to slide into a deep depression. In the 2005 documentary "Debbie Does Dallas Uncovered" Kerman revealed he had developed an alcohol and cocaine addiction due to lack of work.
Present.
In the 2000s Kerman could be seen as a tugboat captain in Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man", and as Dr. Monroe in the drama short "Vic", directed by Sage Stallone. He often makes personal appearances at horror conventions around the world, to speak about his experiences on "Cannibal Holocaust". He was also featured on "Dave's Old Porn", discussing his pornographic film career with host Dave Attell. In a detailed interview with "The Rialto Report" in 2013, Kerman spoke about his keen desire to return to acting once more, but recognized that the chances of this happening were slim.
Since his appearance on The Rialto Report, it has been announced that Kerman will be returning to the world of genre movies as part of The Book, an Italian anthology movie from Harbinger International. The movie will feature segments directed by Ruggero Deodato and Umberto Lenzi, two directors with whom Kerman worked with on his cannibal films.

</doc>
<doc id="2839436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839436" title="Monitor (Polish newspaper)">
Monitor (Polish newspaper)

The Monitor was one of the first newspapers in Poland, printed from 1765 to 1785, during the Polish Enlightenment. It was founded in March 1765 by Ignacy Krasicki and Franciszek Bohomolec, with active support from King Stanisław August Poniatowski. It came out weekly, later semi-weekly. Its title was a tribute to the "small" Monitor published by Prince Adam Kazimierz Czartoryski. 
Inspired by the English "Spectator" and the spirit of rationalism and religious tolerance, "Monitor" has contributed to a negative view of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth under the Wettin dynasty. The "Monitor" advocated reforms and criticized a degenerate Sarmatian culture and the abuses of "Golden Liberty."
Editors:

</doc>
<doc id="2839441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839441" title="P. S. Senior Secondary School">
P. S. Senior Secondary School

P.S. Senior Secondary School is situated in the Mylapore area of Chennai, India. Most students graduating enter higher education institutions especially engineering institutions like Indian Institutes of Technology, Birla Institute of Technology and Science, NIT Tiruchi, National University of Singapore and Anna University. It is rated among the top five schools in Chennai city.
History.
The school was founded by Mr. Pennathur Subramania Iyer. The emphasis of the Tamil Nadu state Government on Tamil being used as the medium of instruction was causing a fall in Tamil Nadu’s share of employment in all-India and Central services and in the National Science and Technology establishments. In 1973 P.S. Charities promoted the establishment of English medium schools. The P.S. Educational Society started, on 9 June 1976, P.S. Senior Secondary School, starting with standards I-VII from 1976.
P.S.Senior Secondary School ( It is affiliated with the CBSE ), was started to help the public and very importantly, the employees of the central government and in the matter of the educational affairs of their children . The school is located in a spacious campus with well-equipped science laboratories and libraries . The school has a playground which spans over 10,000 sq.metres and a lot of importance is given to sports . The school also houses an exclusive ' Art-Center ' which focuses on identifying and nurturing talent.
This group of schools, along with D.A.V Group of schools, Vidya Mandir, Bala Vidya Mandir, P.S.B.B. Group form the educational elite of the Chennai education system.
This decision was passed in the court case at the Madras High Court, labelled 'DR.S.Anandalakshmy versus Govt Of India CBSE'
Facilities.
♦ For classes IX - XII, an interactive material called Everonn has been added. It is a e- learning material and is introduced for better interaction
Description.
The school is situated on a campus with a playground as its center, divided into four blocks:
There is a kindergarten block with a small playground.
The main school playground has a badminton court, three volleyball-cum-throwball courts, a basketball court and a football court.
Olympiads and competitive examinations.
Wins at the International and National Olympiads from 1995 to 2010:
Sports achievements.
The school has four of its students in the under-16 boys cricket team.

</doc>
<doc id="2839444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839444" title="Thicker than Water (audio drama)">
Thicker than Water (audio drama)

Thicker than Water is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. It is a sequel to the earlier audio play "Arrangements for War".
Plot.
It is three years since the Sixth Doctor helped repel the Killoran invasion of Világ, and he brings a new friend, Mel, to meet an old one. Evelyn Smythe, his former companion is now married to Principal Triumvir Rossiter. But Evelyn has made political enemies, among them her own stepdaughter Sofia, and the reunion takes a deadly turn when Evelyn and Mel are kidnapped.

</doc>
<doc id="2839445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839445" title="CKWF-FM">
CKWF-FM

CKWF-FM is a radio station in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada. The station broadcasts an active rock format branded as The Wolf 101.5.
History.
The station began broadcasting in 1947 as CHEX-FM. In 1976, CHEX-FM became CFMP-FM, meaning ("FMP" FM Peterborough). Over the years since CHEX-FM went on the air in the 1940s, the station went through a number of ownerships, technical and format changes until 1992, CFMP adopted its current callsign and format.
The studio.
The studios are located in the heart of downtown Peterborough at the corner of King St and George St. They are accessible to both listeners and performers. Numerous bands have dropped by the Wolf den for interviews and live performances including Theory of a Deadman, Default, 54-40, Great Big Sea, Matthew Good Band, Sloan, See Spot Run and Edwin.

</doc>
<doc id="2839446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839446" title="Yushui (solar term)">
Yushui (solar term)

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Yǔshuǐ (pīnyīn) or Usui (rōmaji) () is 2nd solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 330° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 345°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 330°. In Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 18 February (19 February East Asia time) and ends around 5 March.
Pentads.
Each solar term can be divided into 3 pentads (候). They are first pentad (初候), second pentad (次候) and last pentad (末候). Pentads in Yushui including:

</doc>
<doc id="2839452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839452" title="Jingzhe">
Jingzhe

Jīngzhé (pīnyīn) or Keichitsu (rōmaji) () is the 3rd of the 24 solar terms (節氣) in the traditional East Asian calendars. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 345° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 360°. More often, it refers to the day when the Sun is exactly at a celestial longitude of 345°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around March 5th and ends around March 20th.
The word 驚蟄 means the awakening of hibernating insects. 驚 is "to start" and 蟄 means "hibernating insects." Traditional Chinese folklore says that during Jingzhe, thunderstorms will wake up the hibernating insects, which implies that the weather is getting warmer.
Pentads.
Each solar term can be divided into 3 pentads (候). They are the first pentad (初候), the second pentad (次候), and the third pentad (末候): Pentads in Jingzhe are

</doc>
<doc id="2839454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839454" title="Bing Russell">
Bing Russell

Bing Russell (May 5, 1926 - April 8, 2003) was an American actor and baseball club owner. He was the father of Golden Globe-nominated actor Kurt Russell and grandfather of ex-major league baseball player Matt Franco.
Personal life.
Russell was born Neil Oliver Russell in Brattleboro, Vermont, the son of Ruth Stewart (née Vogel) and Warren Oliver Russell. He always wanted to become an actor and studied drama at Brattleboro Middletown High School. As a boy, he was dubbed an unofficial mascot of the New York Yankees, becoming good friends with the likes of Lefty Gomez and Joe DiMaggio. Also, Lou Gehrig, who was already weakened by illness, gave him the last bat he used to hit a home run before his retirement.
Russell made his debut in the film "Cavalry Patrol", and had some uncredited roles in his early career.
Career.
Best known as Deputy Clem Foster on "Bonanza" (1959) and Robert in "The Magnificent Seven" (1960), he guest starred in episodes of many television series.
In 1963, he was cast as John Quigley, a Chicago mobster, in the episode "Five Tickets to Hell" of Jack Webb's CBS anthology series, "GE True". In the story line, Quigley travels to Chihuahua, Mexico, where he robs the mint of $500,000 and kills seven men in the commission of the crime. Police Lieutenant Juan Garcia (Carlos Romero) tracks down Quigley and his three accomplices. Barbara Luna also appears in the episode.
Russell played Vernon Presley to his son Kurt's Elvis Presley in the 1979 television movie, "Elvis".
Russell owned the Portland Mavericks, the only independent team in the Class A Northwest League. Russell kept a 30-man roster because he believed that some of the players deserved to have one last season. His motto was "fun". He created a park that kept all corporate sponsorship outside the gates, hired the first female general manager, Lanny Moss in professional baseball, and named the first Asian American GM/Manager. His team set a record for the highest attendance in minor league history and went on to win the pennant that year. Ex-major leaguers and never-weres who could not stop playing the game flocked to his June try-outs, which were always open to anyone who showed up. The team and archival footage of Russell were featured in the 2014 documentary "The Battered Bastards of Baseball".
Russell died from complications of cancer on April 8, 2003 in Thousand Oaks, California.
Filmography.
and "The Girl from Little Egypt" as Officer Wesphal 

</doc>
<doc id="2839457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839457" title="Naval Inactive Ship Maintenance Facility">
Naval Inactive Ship Maintenance Facility

A Naval Inactive Ship Maintenance Facility (NISMF) is a facility owned by the U.S. Navy as a holding facility for decommissioned naval vessels, pending determination of their final fate. All ships in these facilities are inactive, but some are still on the Naval Vessel Register, while others have been struck from that Register. 
The ships that have been stricken from the NVR are disposed of by one of several means, including foreign military sale transfer, ship donation as a museum or memorial, domestic dismantling and recycling, artificial reefing, or use as a target vessel. Others are retention assets for possible future reactivation, which have been laid up for long-term preservation and are maintained with minimal maintenance (humidity control, corrosion control, flood/fire watch) should they need to be recalled to active duty.
The Naval Sea Systems Command's Inactive Ships Management Office (INACTSHIPOFF) is based in Portsmouth, Virginia. 
There are NISMFs in:
In addition, parts of Norfolk Naval Shipyard and Puget Sound Naval Shipyard are designated for the storage of inactive nuclear powered vessels.
Inactive ship facilities in Suisun Bay, James River and Beaumont, Texas are owned and operated by the Maritime Administration under the Department of Transportation.
Vessels Moored at NISMFs.
Following is a short list of vessels currently being stored at the facilities:
Philadelphia, PA.
As of April 8, 2013:

</doc>
<doc id="2839471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839471" title="MYH7">
MYH7

MYH7 is a gene encoding a myosin heavy chain beta (MHC-β) isoform (slow twitch) expressed primarily in the heart, but also in skeletal muscles (type I fibers).
Changes in the relative abundance of MHC-β and MHC-α (MYH6, the fast isoform of cardiac myosin heavy chain) correlate with the contractile velocity of cardiac muscle. In early fetal development, MHC-β is predominately expressed in the ventricles, while MHC-α is predominantly expressed in the atria. In healthy adult hearts, MHC-α is predominantly expressed in the atria (>90%), while MHC-β (~50%) is expressed in the atria of failing adult hearts.
In vitro studies have demonstrated that newly formed cardiac myocytes express MHC-β, and after prolonged (1-5 weeks) contractile activity MHC-α becomes detectable. An allelic variant of this gene is associated with approximately 40% of the cases of Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM). This condition is an autosomal-dominant disease, in which a single copy of the variant gene causes enlargement of the left ventricle of the heart. Disease onset usually occurs later in life, perhaps triggered by changes in thyroid hormone function and/or physical stress.
Another condition associated to mutations in this gene is paraspinal and proximal muscle atrophy (doi: 10.1016/j.nmd.2013.04.003).

</doc>
<doc id="2839476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839476" title="Robert Stamm">
Robert Stamm

Robert Stamm (16 July 1900 – 4 November 1937) was a German politician, a Communist (KPD) member of the Reichstag from Bremen, and a victim of the Nazi régime.
Already by the age of 14, Robert Stamm had become involved with the Socialist Youth in the Bergisches Land. He became a toolmaker, and in 1917, during his training, he associated himself with the Spartacist League around Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg. In 1920 he took part in the struggle against the Kapp Putsch. In 1926, he became the editor of various Communist newspapers in the Rhine-Ruhr area.
From 1931 to 1933, Stamm led the KPD's Northwest District in Bremen. To avoid his looming arrest, he gave up his political activities for the time being and moved to Hanover in May 1933. The following year, he once again felt obliged to hurry to another city and he went to Berlin. In the end, though, none of his running helped. On 27 March 1935, Stamm was arrested by the Gestapo. At the "Volksgerichtshof", he was found guilty of conspiracy to commit treason, and was sentenced to death. Stamm was beheaded on 4 November 1937 at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.
The "FDGB-Kulturhaus 'Robert Stamm in Biberschlag, Thuringia, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2839480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839480" title="Martingale central limit theorem">
Martingale central limit theorem

In probability theory, the central limit theorem says that, under certain conditions, the sum of many independent identically-distributed random variables, when scaled appropriately, converges in distribution to a standard normal distribution. The martingale central limit theorem generalizes this result for random variables to martingales, which are stochastic processes where the change in the value of the process from time "t" to time "t" + 1 has expectation zero, even conditioned on previous outcomes.
Statement.
Here is a simple version of the martingale central limit theorem: Let
and
almost surely for some fixed bound "k" and all "t". Also assume that formula_4 almost surely.
Define 
and let 
Then
converges in distribution to the normal distribution with mean 0 and variance 1 as formula_8. More explicitly, 
References.
Many other variants on the martingale central limit theorem can be found in:

</doc>
<doc id="2839484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839484" title="Terror Firma">
Terror Firma

Terror Firma is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". The story follows on directly from the previous Eighth Doctor audio drama "The Next Life" and flashes back to scenes that takes place before (and lead into) the first Eighth Doctor audio story "Storm Warning.
"Terror Firma" was voted "Doctor Who Magazine" readers' favourite of the previous year's "Doctor Who" audio plays in the annual poll held in 2006.
Plot.
After returning from the Divergent Universe, the Eighth Doctor, Charley Pollard and C'rizz land in a corridor and are captured by Davros and several Daleks. Charley and C'rizz are taken into a cell, but Davros wants to talk to the Doctor. In Davros's lab, the Doctor notices Davros is suffering from mood swings and sometimes talks in a different voice. Davros needs the Doctor's help for something, but cannot explain what. Charley and C'rizz are freed by a woman called Gemma Griffin, who starts to lead them to an escape route. Elsewhere, a woman called Harriet Griffin is throwing a party, but her son, Samson Griffin, is in a bad mood and angrily goes outside when his mother mentions his sister, as he believes his sister only existed in his mother's imagination. As he runs outside, he begins to hear the Doctor's and Gemma's voices in his head. Meanwhile, Charley is separated from C'rizz after Gemma closes a hatch door to slow down the pursuing Daleks; C'rizz assumes Charley has been killed and agrees to join Gemma's resistance. Charley finds another way to the surface and finds Sam about to throw himself off a cliff, but, as she tries, Sam reveals that the Daleks have invaded Earth. Meanwhile, the Doctor comes to the conclusion that Davros is losing his identity and mentally becoming the Emperor Dalek. Davros begs the Doctor to help him regain his identity.
Davros reveals that he has made a clone of his body and asks the Doctor to transfer his mind into the clone so he can sever his ties to the Daleks and lead a normal life. A mutant then approaches, and C'rizz kills it. Elsewhere, Charley takes Samson back to the house and confronts Harriet about the Dalek base. Harriet explains that, since the Daleks have left the humans in the area alone, they have decided to throw parties to distract themselves from worrying about the Daleks. Samson has a fit and asks Charley for the Doctor. Davros tells the Doctor about what happened after the destruction of Skaro. After being left alone in the dark for years, Davros created the virus that the Fourth Doctor discussed with him, which, when it was unleashed on the earth, mutated millions of people into Dalek creatures. Davros then gives the Doctor a second virus that will completely wipe out all life and offers to let him use it, but the Doctor refuses. Davros shows him what Charley and C'rizz are doing and tells Gemma to give C'rizz a gun and ask him to shoot her. Davros then changes the screen to the party where Samson is still having a fit, and Harriet explains that Samson disappeared with Gemma before the Daleks came, but returned later with no memory of Gemma or where he had been. Charley finds an implant in Samson's head and shows him the TARDIS key, which he recognises. The Doctor finds Samson and Gemma's faces familiar; Davros reveals that they were the Doctor's old companions before he met Charley.
The Doctor now remembers that Samson was working at a library that the Doctor visited, and Samson and Gemma decided to follow him back to the TARDIS, where they joined his adventures. At the same time, Davros's escape pod was blown into the time vortex by the exploding Dalek Mothership, where he was picked up by an alien time ship in which he killed all the inhabitants. The TARDIS landed on the ship, and Samson and Gemma found Davros, who forced them into taking him on board the TARDIS, where he overpowered the Doctor, deleted the Doctor's memories of his recent travels, linked Samson's mind to the TARDIS and took Samson and Gemma home, and left, leaving the Doctor to experience the events of Storm Warning. Samson returned to his home, but experienced the TARDIS's travels via his dreams, which Davros used to track the Doctor. Gemma then spread Davros's virus, giving him enough Dalek creatures to create an army of Daleks. Gemma is then ordered to ask C'rizz for the gun back, and they carry on. Samson now has his memory back, and Harriet reveals that her party guests are in fact the British resistance and that the parties are just a cover story. The Doctor leaves the lab, despite Davros's pleas for the Doctor to grant him euthanasia. After the Doctor reaches the surface he concludes that the Daleks are only pretending to be loyal to Davros, but he can't work out why; he decides to wait for the French resistance with the others. As they reach the end of the tunnel, C'rizz accuses Gemma of manipulating him, and as she opens a door a Dalek greets her; Gemma then reveals that the Daleks are posing as the French resistance.
The Daleks explain that they want to kill Davros to free themselves from him; the Doctor agrees to help them. In the tunnel, Gemma reveals herself to be a Dalek agent, explaining that the Daleks need a new Dalek Emperor and have chosen C'rizz. He destroys one with his bare hands, but they show him the casing and force him inside by threatening to kill an unflinching Gemma, and the machine then attempts to mentally turn him into a Dalek. The Doctor removes Samson's link to the TARDIS and confronts Davros. Despite Davros's request, the Doctor refuses to kill Davros, instead watching as Daleks enter the room. They in turn refuse Davros' order to exterminate the Doctor. He has threatened to use Davros's virus unless they leave Earth, but the Daleks insist that the Doctor has promised them a new emperor. C'rizz is freed and arrives, but without Gemma who, he later reveals to the Doctor privately, "didn't make it". The Daleks destroy the clone and so Davros's Dalek Emperor personality finally overpowers the rest of his mind; he leaves to become the leader of the Daleks. The Doctor tells C'rizz to keep his meeting with Gemma secret, removes Davros's taint from Samson's mind and gives Harriet the virus as a deterrent to defend Earth if the Daleks threaten to return.
The episode concludes when the Doctor takes the TARDIS to Blackpool. While he and Charley enjoy it, however, C'rizz stays in bed thinking about all the people he's "saved" – that is, killed – talking to them in his mind. Among the voices is now a Dalek – and Gemma... and he drifts off to sleep wondering when he might have to "save" the Doctor and Charley.

</doc>
<doc id="2839486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839486" title="Xiaohan">
Xiaohan

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Xiǎohán (pīnyīn) or Shōkan (rōmaji) () is the 23rd solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 285° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 300°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 285°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 5 January and ends around 20 January.

</doc>
<doc id="2839489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839489" title="Ken Hodge">
Ken Hodge

Kenneth Raymond Hodge, Sr. (born June 25, 1944) is a retired hockey player for the NHL Boston Bruins, Chicago Black Hawks and New York Rangers. He was born in Birmingham, England, United Kingdom, but grew up in Toronto, Ontario.
Playing career.
One of the few British-born players in NHL history, Ken Hodge was signed by the Black Hawks as a teenager, and had a stellar junior league career with the St. Catharines Black Hawks of the OHA, leading the league in goals and points in the 1965 season before being called up for good to Chicago the next year. 
Stereotyped as a grinding policeman - at 6'2", 215 lbs, Hodge was one of the larger forwards of his era - the rangy right wing played two mediocre seasons with the Black Hawks before being sent to Boston in a blockbuster deal with teammates Phil Esposito and Fred Stanfield. The trade made the Bruins into a powerhouse, as Esposito centered Hodge and left wing Ron Murphy in the 1969 season to break the NHL record for points in a season by a forward line, and Hodge scored a spectacular 45 goals and 45 assists to compliment Esposito's record season of 126 points. His production fell off significantly the next season (although Boston won the Stanley Cup bolstered by Hodge's skilled play), but the 1971 season saw the Bruins launch the greatest offensive juggernaut the league had ever seen, breaking dozens of offensive records. In that flurry, on one of the most feared forward lines of the era (with linemates Esposito and Wayne Cashman), Hodge would break the league record for points in a season by a right winger with 105, and finish fourth in NHL scoring. Bruins Esposito, Bobby Orr, Johnny Bucyk and Hodge finished 1–2–3–4 in league scoring—the first time in NHL history such a feat was accomplished.
The 1972 season saw Hodge slowed down by injuries, although he recovered again in the playoffs to help the Bruins to their second Stanley Cup in three years. In 1974 he scored 50 goals and 105 points to place third in league scoring, and with Esposito, Orr and Cashman likewise finished 1–2–3–4 in league scoring for the only other time in NHL history such a feat was accomplished.
Thereafter his production declined, his goal scoring halving the next season and never recovering. Never at his best defensively skilled, he was traded to the Rangers in 1976 to join his former teammate Esposito, who had been dealt to the Rangers the year before (the Bruins received young star Rick Middleton, who scored nearly a thousand points in a Boston uniform).
Retirement.
Hodge had only modest success in New York in the 1976–1977 season, and tailed off badly the following year before being sent down to the minor league New Haven Nighthawks. Hodge retired thereafter, but came out of retirement in 1979–1980 to play for the AHL Binghamton Dusters, which was his final professional season. 
Hodge finished his NHL career with 881 games, 328 goals, 472 assists and 800 points. He still lives in the Boston area, and remains active with the Bruins' alumni team and in alumni affairs.
Most recently, Hodge has been working as a broadcaster in Boston. He served as the radio color commentator for the Boston College men's hockey team throughout their 2007–08 NCAA Championship season, working alongside play-by-play man Jon Rish on flagship station WTTT (1150AM).
Personal life.
Hodge lived in Lynnfield, Massachusetts during his career with the Bruins; his home was instantly recognizable and well-known to local residents by its large swimming pool in the back yard in the shape of his Bruins' uniform number, 8.
Hodge's son, Ken Hodge, Jr., was also a professional hockey player from 1987 to 1998. Another son, Dan Hodge, was drafted by the Boston Bruins in the ninth round (194 overall) in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft. His playing career included stints in the American Hockey League and International Hockey League, as well as winning the 2000 Kelly Cup championship in the East Coast Hockey League with the Peoria Rivermen. It concluded as the CHL's (Central Hockey League) Tulsa Oilers captain in 2005–06. He now coaches the Tulsa Oilers, whose roster includes his younger brother, Brendon Hodge who wears his father's number 8.

</doc>
<doc id="2839507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839507" title="Kazlų Rūda Municipality">
Kazlų Rūda Municipality

Kazlų Rūda Municipality is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="2839514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839514" title="Chunfen">
Chunfen

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Chūnfēn (pīnyīn) or Shunbun (rōmaji) () is the 4th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 0° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 15°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 0°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 20 March and ends around 4 April (5 April East Asia time).
Pentads.
Each solar term can be divided into 3 pentads (候). They are: first pentad (初候), second pentad (次候) and last pentad (末候). Pentads in Chunfen include:

</doc>
<doc id="2839516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839516" title="Chris Gratton">
Chris Gratton

Christopher A. Gratton (born July 5, 1975) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who last played with the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League. He is the cousin of Josh Gratton, who had also briefly played in the NHL as a member of the Philadelphia Flyers and the Phoenix Coyotes.
Playing career.
Gratton played his minor hockey in his hometown of Brantford, playing for such programs as the Brantford Nodrofsky Steelers (same program Wayne Gretzky played in many years earlier) and the Brantford CKPC Knights. As a 15-year-old, he played one season with the Jr B Brantford Classics. 
In 1991, Gratton was selected third overall in the OHL Priority Selection by the Kingston Frontenacs. After his rookie year in the OHL, Gratton received the Emms Family Award as rookie of the year. In 1993, he was selected third overall in the NHL Draft by the Tampa Bay Lightning. 
Gratton made his NHL debut for the Tampa Bay Lightning on October 6, 1993 against the New Jersey Devils. He recorded his first career point (a powerplay assist on a Bob Beers goal) in his second game against the New York Rangers the next night. He scored his first career goal against Robb Stauber of the Los Angeles Kings in a 4-3 Lightning loss on October 20, 1993
In 1997 Gratton signed with the Philadelphia Flyers as a free agent after four seasons with the Lightning, earning a $9 million signing bonus. In 1997–98, Gratton matched his career high of 62 points and recorded a career-best plus/minus rating of +11. Gratton was traded back to Tampa Bay the next season. 
Gratton served as Tampa Bay's captain during the 1999–2000 NHL season until his trade in March, 2000, when Tampa Bay traded Gratton to the Buffalo Sabres. In March, 2003, Buffalo traded Gratton to the Phoenix Coyotes. One year later on March 9, 2004, Phoenix traded Gratton, along with Ossi Vaananen and a second round draft pick (Paul Stastny) in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft to the Colorado Avalanche for Derek Morris and Keith Ballard. 
After the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Gratton signed a one-year contract with the Florida Panthers. Gratton signed a two-year contract extension with the Panthers in March, 2006. He was traded back to the Lightning again on June 13, 2007, in exchange for a second round draft pick (Florida selected Jacob Markström with the draft pick).
During the 2007–08 season, Gratton scored 21 points in 60 games before tearing the Acetabular labrum in his left hip which required season-ending surgery. Chris re-signed with the Lightning for the 2008–09 season but was waived in December and was assigned to Tampa's American Hockey League affiliate, the Norfolk Admirals. 
Gratton was claimed off of re-entry waivers on February 21, 2009, by the Columbus Blue Jackets. He played in six games for Columbus, recording an assist, before retiring in 2009.
Gratton is co-owner of the Florida Jr. Blades Organization (in the 29-team Empire Junior Hockey League).

</doc>
<doc id="2839517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839517" title="Input capture">
Input capture

Input capture is a method of dealing with input signals in an embedded system.
Embedded systems using input capture will record a timestamp in memory when an input signal is received. It will also set a flag indicating that an input has been captured. This allows the system to continue executing without interruption while an input is being received while still having the capability to trigger events based on the exact time when the input was received.
The corresponding capability to trigger an output at a specified time, based on a timestamp in memory, is called output compare.
There are many programmable interrupt controllers that provide dedicated input capture pins and a programmable counter along with it. These pins generate interrupts to the controller, which then executes an interrupt service routine. The interrupts can be programmed to occur at the rising or falling edge of the input signal, depending on requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="2839518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839518" title="David Barnett">
David Barnett

David Barnett (born 11 January 1970) is an English journalist and author. He has several published books, including Hinterland (Immanion Press, 2005, re-issued 2008), Angelglass (Immanion Press, 2007) and The Janus House and Other Two-Faced Tales (Immanion Press, 2009). Born in Wigan, Lancashire, England, he has worked at the Telegraph & Argus.
Bibliography.
Comics.
Under the pen name "Sax", David Barnett wrote stories for two short story comics. Both featured the open-source character, Jenny Everywhere.

</doc>
<doc id="2839521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839521" title="The Council of Nicaea (audio drama)">
The Council of Nicaea (audio drama)

The Council of Nicaea is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
The Fifth Doctor, Erimem and Peri travel to the city of Nicaea in 325 AD, to witness the First Council of Nicaea. However, religious fervour is running high, and theological disputes threaten to spill over into actual violence. In the midst of this, the Doctor and Erimem find themselves on different sides.

</doc>
<doc id="2839526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839526" title="Qiufen">
Qiufen

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Qiūfēn (pīnyīn) or Shūbun (rōmaji) () is the 16th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 180° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 195°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 180°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around September 23 and ends around October 8.

</doc>
<doc id="2839527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839527" title="Lindenberg im Allgäu">
Lindenberg im Allgäu

Lindenberg im Allgäu is the second largest town of the district of Lindau in Bavaria, Germany. It is an acknowledged air health resort.
History.
The town was first mentioned in 857, when two nobles donated estates in "Lintiberc" to the monastery of St. Gall.
In 1570, the Austrian branch of the House of Habsburg acquired the demesne of the heirless sovereignty of Altenburg, including Lindenberg, back then a consolidation of about 70 farms.
The city fell to Bavaria in 1805 as part of Napoleon's Treaty of Pressburg
As early as 1656 straw hats from Lindenberg were sold by peddling and in markets. In 1755, the production and shipping of straw hats became organized. The hat industry has declined in recent decades and now has hardly any economic importance. Hat making is still remembered today in an annual "Huttag" (""hat day"") as well as in a hat museum.
Education.
The main school of the Humboldt Institute is in Lindenberg.
Economy.
Important employers are:
International relations.
Lindenberg im Allgäu is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2839535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839535" title="Asterix and Son">
Asterix and Son

Asterix and Son is the twenty-seventh volume of the Asterix comic book series, created by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations).
Plot summary.
A baby boy inexplicably appears at the porch of Asterix's house one morning. While taking care of him - a horrifying task for two single men - Asterix and Obelix along with Dogmatix, set out to discover who left the baby there and who are its parents, following a lead left with the baby's wrappings. Curiously, they find that the Romans seem to be very inquisitive about the child, too - and all in the interests of Marcus Junius Brutus, Caesar's adopted son. Asterix finds out that some people suspect the baby is his illegitimate child, causing shock for him. As the Romans are using deceptive methods to try getting the baby, it is decided the baby needs protection from the Romans.
While in the village, the baby twice drinks a great deal of magic potion (the second time, he falls in a nearly-empty cauldron, prompting Obelix to remark that he 'really taketo [the baby), after which he becomes a "terrible little monster" to every door in the neighborhood and every spy sent to capture him, including a legionnary disguised as a peddlar selling rattles, and a centurion disguised as a nursemaid, driving both up the centurion's tent pole. Finally, Brutus, who is keeping his presence secret from Caesar, takes matters into his own hands, attacking the village with his own legions and burning it to the ground, while he himself goes after the baby. He demands the baby from the Women, who think he still has superhuman strength, but it turns out the potion has worn off, and Brutus manages to kidnap him temporarily - with the help of the ever-present pirates -, but soon Asterix and Obelix catch up with him and give him a taste of why they are considered the terror of the Romans, while the Pirates leap overboard.
Just as the Gauls try to make Brutus reveal the truth, the unexpected arrivals by Caesar, and then Cleopatra resolve the child's mystery; he is none other than Ptolemy XV Caesarion (born 23 June 47 BC), the son of Julius Caesar and Cleopatra VII of Egypt. Brutus had been attempting to kill the baby while Caesar was away on campaign so that he could guarantee his accession to the throne, so Cleopatra had the boy sent to the village to protect him on the grounds that the village was the one place she could guarantee the child's safety from Brutus's soldiers. Brutus is sent away by Caesar.
The story ends with the banquet on Cleopatra's royal barge where even Caesar joins in, having promised to rebuild the village in thanks for the Gauls' efforts to protect his son.

</doc>
<doc id="2839538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839538" title="Centennial Bridge, Panama">
Centennial Bridge, Panama

Panama's Centennial Bridge () is a major bridge crossing the Panama Canal. It was built to supplement the overcrowded Bridge of the Americas and to replace it as the carrier of the Pan-American Highway. Upon its opening in 2004, it became the second permanent crossing of the canal.
Description.
The Centennial Bridge is only the second major road crossing of the Panama Canal, the first being the Bridge of the Americas. (Small service bridges are built in the lock structures at Miraflores and Gatún Locks, but these bridges are only usable when the lock gates are closed and have limited capacity.)
The Centennial Bridge is located north of the Bridge of the Americas and crosses the Culebra Cut (Gaillard Cut) close to the Pedro Miguel locks. New freeway sections, connecting Arraijan in the west to Cerro Patacon in the east via the bridge, significantly alleviate congestion on the Bridge of the Americas.
History.
The Bridge of the Americas, which opened in 1962, was the only major road crossing of the Panama Canal. The traffic over this bridge was originally around 9,500 vehicles per day; however, this expanded over time, and by 2004 the bridge was carrying 35,000 vehicles per day.
Since the bridge represented a major bottleneck in the Pan-American Highway, Panama's Ministry of Public Works requested tenders for a second canal crossing in October 2000. The contract to build a replacement bridge was awarded in March 2002. An ambitious schedule of just 29 months was set for construction, so that the bridge could open on the 90th anniversary of the first ship transit of the Panama Canal by the cargo ship "Ancon," on 15 August 1914. The bridge was named for Panama's centennial, which occurred on 3 November 2003.
The new bridge was designed by a joint venture between T.Y. Lin International and the Louis Berger Group Inc, and constructed by German-based Bilfinger Berger using resources from its Australian subsidiary Baulderstone Hornibrook. Boston-based transportation architect Miguel Rosales from Rosales + Partners created the concept and initial aesthetic designs for the Panama-Centennial Bridge. Structural engineering contracts were awarded to Leonhardt, Andrä and Partner.
The bridge was inaugurated on schedule on 15 August 2004, although it was opened for traffic on 2 September 2005, when the new highways leading to it were finished.
Part of the access to the Centennial Bridge collapsed in December 2010, following heavy rain and flooding. In November 2011 full traffic was restored.
Construction.
The bridge is a cable-stayed design with a total span of 1,052 m (3,451 ft). The main span is 420 m (1,380 ft) and clears the canal by 80 m (262 ft), allowing large vessels to pass below it. The bridge is supported by two towers, each 184 m (604 ft) high. The deck carries six lanes of traffic across the canal.
The Centennial Bridge is designed to withstand the earthquakes which are frequently recorded in the canal area.
The West Tower was built about 50 m inland to allow space for the future widening of the Panama Canal.
In popular culture.
A shot of the bridge was shown in a GMC commercial that aired in the United States in 2006. The commercial was about GMC taking inspiration from great engineering achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="2839541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839541" title="Asterix in Belgium">
Asterix in Belgium

Asterix in Belgium is the twenty-fourth volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations).
It is noted as the last Asterix story from Goscinny, who died during its production.
Plot summary.
After fighting the Belgians in the northern part of Gaul, Caesar states that they are the bravest enemies he's ever faced (historically this statement really was made by Caesar). His soldiers agree with him, to the point when they consider being posted to the camps outside Asterix' village as a period of leave.
Chief Vitalstatistix is aghast at the idea that his village, which has been the terror of the Romans for years, is now looked upon as relatively harmless. He is further outraged when he hears of Caesar's remarks. He claims that "his villagers" are in fact the bravest men of Gaul, and travels to Belgium to prove his point. A reluctant Asterix and Obelix go with him after Getafix tells them not doing so could make the story come to a sticky end.
After crossing the border, they encounter a village of Belgians who rely on brute strength (and a regular diet of meat and beer) to successfully scare off Caesar's troops. These Belgians are led by two chiefs, Beefix and Brawnix (though Brawnix comes across mainly as a second-in-command).
To prove that the Gauls are the bravest, Vitalstatistix proposes a competition. The contest consists of raiding and destroying Roman camps on either side of the village. The Belgians and Gauls destroy the camps, telling the soldiers who they are. By the end they have destroyed an equal number of camps, and word is sent to Rome. Meanwhile the Pirate's ship is wrecked when Obelix throws a boulder catapulted at him too high, causing the Captain to complain, saying he and his men are neutrals. Word is sent to Rome, though the facts are exaggerated, talking about vast hordes of Gauls, a savage pack of hounds, and a mysterious fleet of neutrals. Caesar goes to Belgium himself to restore order unaware of the fact that the whole thing is to get him to decide once and for all which side is the bravest.
Outraged at being reduced, in the eyes of the Gauls and Belgians, to a mere umpire (as opposed to emperor), Caesar furiously declares that he will meet them in battle. The Belgians tell the Gauls to stay away as it is now a purely local issue.
Through the use of catapults the Romans get their way in the early stages of the battle. But then the three Gauls, and their magic potion, join the Belgians after they thwart an attempted attack on the Belgian lines from behind through a forest, and, by combining their efforts, the Gauls are the final victors.
Caesar decides to leave for Rome. On his way he comes across the Gaulish and Belgian chiefs. Caesar proudly announces that he will lay down his life, but they say that they are there to remind him of their competition and want to know who is the bravest. Caesar angrily declares them simply all "crazy" and leaves. Vitalstatistix and Beefix laugh the incident off. They have to face the fact that they are all equally brave and, after a victory feast, part on good terms.

</doc>
<doc id="2839545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839545" title="Nick Barton">
Nick Barton

Professor Nicholas Hamilton Barton FRS FRSE (born 30 August 1955) is a British evolutionary biologist.
He was educated at Peterhouse, Cambridge where he graduated with a first-class degree in Natural Sciences in 1976 and gained his PhD under Godfrey Hewitt at the University of East Anglia in 1979. After a brief spell as a lab demonstrator at the University of Cambridge, he became a Lecturer at the Department of Genetics and Biometry, University College London, in 1982. Professor Barton is best known for his work on hybrid zones, often using the toad "Bombina bombina" as a study organism, and for extending the mathematical machinery needed to investigate multilocus genetics, a field in which he worked in collaboration with Michael Turelli. Concrete research questions he has investigated include: the role of epistasis, the evolution of sex, speciation, and the limits on the rate of adaptation.
Barton moved to the University of Edinburgh in 1990, where he is said to have been instrumental in attracting to the university Brian and Deborah Charlesworth, with whom he had previously collaborated, thus complementing the university's strong tradition in quantitative genetics with a population genetics side and making the University of Edinburgh one of the foremost research institutions of genetics in the world. In 2008 Barton moved to Klosterneuburg (Austria) where he became the first professor at the Institute of Science and Technology Austria.
Barton was made a professor in 1994. He was also elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in the same year and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1995. He received a Wolfson Merit Award in 2005. In 2008 he was one of thirteen recipients of the Darwin-Wallace Medal, which is given every 50 years by the Linnean Society of London.
In 2007, Barton, along with Derek E.G. Briggs, Jonathan A. Eisen, David B. Goldstein, and Nipam H. Patel, collaborated to create "Evolution," an undergraduate textbook which integrates molecular biology, genomics, and human genetics with traditional evolutionary studies. 

</doc>
<doc id="2839546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839546" title="Chan Seng Khai">
Chan Seng Khai

Chan Seng Khai was the second mayor of Kuching South City Council since 1997. He succeeded Datuk Song Swee Guan, who was the First Mayor of the City, in 1988 when Kuching was elevated to City status and partitioned into South and North. Chan is a member of Sarawak United People's Party and elected state assemblyman of the Batu Lintang area in Kuching in 1991, 1996 and 2001. In 2006, during the Sarawak's state election, he lost in his re-election bid as state assemblyman to Democratic Action Party (DAP) candidate Voon Lee Shan.

</doc>
<doc id="2839548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839548" title="Output compare">
Output compare

Output compare is the ability to trigger an output based on a timestamp in memory, without interrupting the execution of code by a processor or microcontroller. This is a functionality provided by many embedded systems.
The corresponding ability to record a timestamp in memory when an input occurs is called input capture.

</doc>
<doc id="2839552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839552" title="Cashmere goat">
Cashmere goat

A cashmere goat is any breed of goat that produces cashmere wool, the goat's fine, soft, downy, winter undercoat, in commercial quality and quantity. This undercoat grows as the day length shortens and is associated with an outer coat of coarse hair, which is present all the year and is called guard hair. Most common goat breeds, including dairy goats, grow this two-coated fleece.
The down is produced by secondary follicles, the guard hair by the primary follicles.
In 1994, China had an estimated population of 123 million goats and is the largest producer of cashmere down. Local breeds are dominant. In the past decades, breeding programs have been started to develop productive breeds. The cashmere goat is a fiber goat along with the Pygora goat, Nigora goat, and the Angora goat.
Origin of cashmere goat.
Cashmere wool is defined by the high quality and softness of the fiber. In the 14th century this goat was first found by the great Persian personality Ali el hamdani in region of kashmir -- that is why the world calls this wool cashmere. The history of the cashmere goat (cashmere wool) starts from region of kashmir when mir Ali hamadani took some wool and made socks, shawls and caps. He gave socks as a gift to king of Kashmir and suggested to the king that they start making shawls of this wool.
Cashmere-producing breeds.
Alashanzuoqi white cashmere goat.
The Alashanzuoqi white cashmere goat is found on the Alashan Terrace, which is located to the west of the Inner Mongolian plateau. Selective breeding for down production has occurred since 1970. The Alashanzuoqi goat produces a long, white cashmere with a pleasing lustre. The average doe down production is 251 grams at a diameter of 14.5 µm.
Australian cashmere goat.
The foundation stock for the Australian Cashmere Goat was taken from northern and western Australia<Pattie&Restall, 1996> from the local bush goat population in the late 1970s. The production varies from herd to herd, with the most productive herds averaging 250 grams at a diameter of 15 µm. There is a breed and fleece standard, and active development of the breed continues with the University of Western Australia running a sire referencing scheme.
Changthangi cashmere goat.
The Changthangi or Pashmina goat is found in Ladakh and Baltistan (Kashmir region). They are raised for meat and cashmere production and used as pack animals. The breed is most often white, but black, gray and brown animals also occur. They have large, twisting horns.
Hexi.
The Hexi cashmere has a long history in desert and semidesert regions of Gansu Province, China. About 60% of the goats are white. The Hexi cashmere can be found in the Gansu, Qinghai and Ningxia provinces. A typical adult doe produces 184 grams of down at 15.7 µm diameter.
Inner Mongolia cashmere goat.
The Inner Mongolia cashmere goat is a local dual-purpose breed with a long history. It adapts well to desert and semidesert pastures. The goats can be divided into five strains, Alasan (Alashanzuoqi), Arbus, Erlangshan, Hanshan and Wuzhumuqin. The first three strains produce quality cashmere; the last two have been developed for high production. The average down yield is about 240 grams, with an average down diameter between 14.3 and 15.8 µm. The cashmere length is between 41 and 47 mm. In 1994, the total Inner Mongolian goat population was approximately 2.3 million goats.
Liaoning cashmere goat.
Breeding animals were selected in the 1960s from six counties in the eastern mountain area of Liaoning Province. The herd has been continually developed since then, and used to improve the cashmere herd throughout China. The Liaoning goat is mainly found in the Buyun mountains in the Liaodong peninsula. The breed was formally named the Liaoning cashmere goat by the Chinese Ministry of Agriculture in 1984. By 1994, selected Liaoning does were producing 326 g of down at 15 µm diameter. The selection work emphasizes size, length of body, quantity and quality of cashmere, the ability to climb, sturdiness, conformation and growth.
Licheng Daqing goat.
The Licheng Daqing goat is a dual-purpose breed from the Shanxi Province, China. The down is brown, and the average doe down yield is 115 g at 14 µm diameter.
Luliang black goat.
This a dual-purpose goat is found in the Lüliang area; it produces a small quantity of dark down.
Tibetan Plateau goat.
In 1994, there were more than 7 million Tibetan Plateau and Valley goats in China. Five million were in Tibet, 1 million in Sichuan, half a million in Qinghai and about 100,000 in Gansu. There are also a small number of Tibetan goats in India, Pakistan and Nepal. The Tibetan plateau goats are kept for down production. In 1994, an adult doe's average down production was 197 g, while the average adult buck's down production was 261 g.
Wuzhumuqin.
This Inner Mongolian strain is a new breed, recognized in 1994, and is distributed mainly in Xilingele Meng. The development of the breed started in 1980. By 1994, the breed had 372 nucleus herds and 681 selection herds. The bucks have thick, long horns and 85% of the does are horned. Ninety eight percent of the herd is white. The developers of the breed claim the lustre of the fleece is better than the Liaoning goat. The average production of a Wuzhumuqin adult does in 1994 was 285 g at 15.6 µm diameter; the average down length was 46 mm.
Zhongwei cashmere goats.
The Zhongwei goat originated in the semidesert and desert area around Zhongwei in Ningxia and Gansu Provinces in China, and are famous for their kid fur and cashmere production. The average fibre production for does is 216 g at 15 µm diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="2839554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839554" title="Hincaster Branch Line">
Hincaster Branch Line

The Hincaster Branch was a single track railway branch line of the Furness Railway which ran from on the Furness main line to a junction with the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway (later the London and North Western Railway) at Hincaster. Intermediate stations were provided at and Heversham. 
Traffic.
It was built primarily for use by mineral trains carrying coke and iron ore from County Durham to various ironworks in and around Barrow-in-Furness which had previously had to travel (and reverse) via the busy junction at . The branch was opened in 1876 and also carried a passenger service between and known locally as the "Kendal Tommy".
Closure.
The passenger service ended on 4 May 1942 and the track between Sandside and Hincaster Junction was lifted in 1966. A short stub from Arnside to Sandside lasted until 1972 to serve local quarries.

</doc>
<doc id="2839558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839558" title="Tommi Santala">
Tommi Santala

Tommi Santala (born June 27, 1979 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish ice hockey player, currently representing the Kloten Flyers of Switzerland's National League A.
Playing career.
Santala started his pro career in Jokerit in the Finnish SM-liiga in the 1998–99 season. After a total of four seasons with HPK, Santala moved to the Thrashers' organisation for the 2003–04 NHL season. Santala divided his time between 50 games in the AHL Chicago Wolves and 33 NHL games. He spent the 2004–05 NHL lockout with the Wolves registering 40 assists and 48 points in 67 games. During the post-season he helped Chicago win the Robert W. Clarke Trophy, for AHL Western Conference Champions, by adding 11 points in 18 games. However, the Wolves were swept in the Calder Cup finals by the Philadelphia Phantoms. After the lockout, Santala was assigned to Jokerit by the Thrashers. He played one year with Jokerit before Atlanta traded him to the Vancouver Canucks. Santala played 30 games for the Canucks during the 2006–07 season, but he suffered a knee injury on December 8, 2006 in a game vs. the Carolina Hurricanes that forced him to miss the majority of the season. On September 5, 2007 he signed as a free agent with Jokerit. He played one season with them before joining the Kloten Flyers.
International play.
Santala played for Team Finland in the 1999 World Junior Championship registering two points through six games. He represented Finland at the World Championships in, 2003, 2006, 2009, and 2010. However, he only played one game for the 2006 Finnish team that won the Bronze medal. Santala had a much larger role for Finland during the 2002 Karlja Cup. Finland won the Gold and Santala was named a Second Team All-Star.

</doc>
<doc id="2839564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839564" title="Yksel Osmanovski">
Yksel Osmanovski

Yksel Osmanovski (born 24 February 1977) is a Swedish former footballer, who played as a striker. His Turkish parents originate from the region of Prespa Lake, Republic of Macedonia. He is the first Muslim to represent Sweden in football.
Early life.
Born in Skrävlinge, Malmö, Osmanovski grew up in Rosengård, where fellow Swedish footballer Zlatan Ibrahimović also grew up. In an early interview, Zlatan said that "within a few years, I will play in Italy, and eventually the national team. I want to follow in Yksel's footsteps. We know each other, even if he is four years older than me. I got his autograph when he started playing for Malmö FF, when I played in Malmö BI. When he came to Rosengård and played and dribbled with us kids, we were all shouting "Yksel, Yksel, Yksel!" - "Ibrahimović, in 2000"
Career.
Club career.
He played for Malmö BI and IFK Malmö as a child, but joined Malmö FF in 1987 where he eventually made his debut in 1995. He gradually became a star in the Swedish league, and was bought by Italian Serie A outfit Bari. After three seasons he moved on to Torino, but struggled to capture a first team place. He therefore returned to Malmö FF in 2004 after a stint at Bordeaux. There he was part of the team that won the Allsvenskan league title, although Osmanovski himself did not receive a winner's medal, because he took part in too few matches. Still he played the crucial role, in stopping a ball on the goal line against title rivals Halmstad BK. Had it gone in, Malmö would certainly not won the league title, but thanks to a 2–2 draw, they kept themselves within a shot.
In February 2008, Osmanovski announced his retirement from professional football, having not had his contract with Malmö renewed.
International career.
He has played 14 international matches for the Sweden national team, and was a squad player for the Euro 2000.
Coaching career.
On 14 January 2013 it was announced that Osmanovski would return to football, working as U21 coach for his previous club Malmö FF. 

</doc>
<doc id="2839568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839568" title="Obelix and Co.">
Obelix and Co.

Obelix and Co. is the twenty-third volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations). The book's main focus is on the attempts by the Gaul-occupying Romans to corrupt the one remaining village that still holds out against them by instilling capitalism. It is also the last volume that was released before Goscinny's death in 1977 - the next and last volume of his, Asterix in Belgium, would be completed after his passing.
Plot summary.
After Obelix single-handedly defeats the newly arrived Romans from the camp of Totorum (as a birthday present), Caesar once again ponders over any possibility of taking down the rebellious Gaulish village. A young Roman know-it-all called Preposterus, who has been studying economics, proposes to integrate the Gauls into the stream of capitalism, pointing out that Caesar's once-brilliant officers are now corrupt, venal politicians in Rome. For that purpose, he moves into the camp of Totorum and proceeds to make the acquaintance of Obelix, who is carrying a menhir through the forest. Preposterus claims to be a menhir buyer, and buys every menhir Obelix can make, on the pretext that a rich man is a powerful man.
Obelix begins by making and delivering a single menhir a day, but when Preposterus demands more menhirs in exchange for more money, Obelix hires other villagers to help him make menhirs, and an equal number to hunt boar for him and his sculptors. Although he tries to include Asterix in this, Asterix will have no part of Obelix's growing corporation. This corporation later includes a cart-and-oxen from a travelling salesman with which to deliver half-a-dozen menhirs to the camp in one go. Obelix's workload also means that he neglects Dogmatix.
Obelix's increasing wealth causes problems for the village men, whose wives reproach them for not matching his success. Obelix himself shows off this wealth by wearing ostentatious clothes, hiring Mrs Geriatrix to be his tailor.
Deciding that the time has come to teach Obelix a lesson, Asterix encourages the other villagers to start building menhirs, selling them to the Romans and putting their subsequent wealth on display. Getafix agrees to dole out magic potion for anyone who makes menhirs, in spite of nobody knowing what menhirs are for. Because the menhir makers can no longer spend time hunting wild boar, they hire the other half of the male village populace to do it for them. Only Asterix, Getafix, Cacofonix and Vitalstatistix are not engaged in the new economic system (And Cacofonix's lack of involvement is based around an inability to get hired, as he receives a black eye when he sings while working for Fulliautomatix). Asterix estimates that it is only a matter of time before things come to a head, explode and get back to normal.
With Preposterus buying up every menhir at ever-increasing prices, it is not long before the camp of Totorum is filled with menhirs, and Caesar's finances heavily in debt.
This abundance of rock reaches Rome where Preposterus sells them to the patricians. He does this by making out that a menhir is a symbol of great wealth and high rank, therefore prompting insecure people to buy them. But before he can go further, a Roman businessman jumps onto the bandwagon and sells Roman menhirs at a cheaper rate.
Anxious to sell off his stock of Gaulish menhirs and recover the money that was paid to the Gauls for them, Caesar imposes a ban on the sale of Roman menhirs. In protest the unemployed Roman menhir makers (actually slaves) block the Roman roads with menhirs. A slave owner meets with Caesar and demands a lift of the ban, saying that his employees are out of work because of the ban. A confused Caesar points out that it's ridiculous because the "employees" are slaves. The slave owner replies: "Exactly! The right to work is the only right a slave has. He must not be deprived of it!"
The ban is lifted in the face of a possible civil conflict and Preposterus suggests a price war to deal with the competition. But then menhirs from other countries such as Egypt and Greece start pouring in. Even the pirates are faced with the growing Menhir Crisis since (as revealed in the French version) every ship they attack contains nothing but menhirs and taking these stones away as loot causes their own ship to sink. Soon, even free menhirs are unwanted.
Facing financial ruin, an angry Caesar then orders Preposterus back to Gaul to stop the menhir trade before it goes one stone further. Preposterus fears that the Gauls will not take this news lightly but Caesar tells him that if he does not comply with the order, he will find himself thrown to the lions in the arena.
The Gaulish village meanwhile is unaffected by the Menhir Crisis since the centurion at the local camp has continued buying their menhirs in order to keep the peace. Obelix however is quite miserable: he has had too much of this tomfoolery with menhirs, markets, money, meat and mayhem, which he never understood at all. All the other menhir makers are now wearing garish clothes and he is demoralised. He wants to go back to the easy days of having fun with Asterix and Dogmatix and eating (an obvious comment on the dullness of corporate life). Asterix agrees to go hunting boar with him if he changes back into his old clothes, rather than the fancy ones he has been wearing. Asterix and Getafix then exchange winks: the next stage of the plan is approaching.
Preposterus returns to Gaul and announces that he is not buying another menhir if his life depends on it (as it does). He thus turns down Unhygienix's delivery of menhirs. Although Fulliautomatix is apt to blame this on the fact that Unhygenix's menhirs have an odour of rotten fish, it becomes clear that even menhirs made by a cynical blacksmith do not suffice.
When the men of the village notice that Obelix has himself called a halt, they criticize him on the wrongful grounds that he knew that the Romans were no longer buying menhirs and did not tell them. Annoyed by these accusations, Obelix starts a fight between the villagers. Asterix and Getafix are glad to see their friends back to their old ways. Asterix then ends the fight with the suggestion that they turn their anger on the Romans, since they started the whole thing. In gratitude for their earlier present, Obelix for once takes no part in the fight, allowing the other villagers to attack the Romans on their own. The Roman camp is wrecked, and so is Preposterus.
Asterix wants to know what his neighbours will do with all their money. Getafix tells him that due to certain events in Rome the sestertius has been devalued; in other words, the villagers are now stony-broke. But they hold a traditional banquet to celebrate the return to normality and a menhir proves useful in literally holding Cacofonix down.

</doc>
<doc id="2839572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839572" title="Haiku Tunnel">
Haiku Tunnel

Haiku Tunnel is a 2001 office comedy film about the struggle between tempness and permness (temporary and permanent employment).
Plot.
Josh is the consummate temp employee, avoiding all long-term connections and responsibilities, both at work and in his personal life. However, by the time his agency places him at the Schuyler & Mitchell law firm, Josh is tired of his temporary life and agrees to take a permanent position at the firm. Josh has difficulty adapting to his new lifestyle, which manifests in his inability to complete his simple initial task: mailing seventeen important letters.
Meaning of the title.
The Haiku Tunnel Project (part of Interstate H-3) is a huge document containing lists of all the products needed for a tunnel in Hawaii. Josh was working in a word processing job when he was given the project. At the time he was "totally-temp" and as he was going through copying this project, he found himself inside the Haiku Tunnel. And now that he finally had what he always wanted (no strings attached) he found himself unhappy.

</doc>
<doc id="2839573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839573" title="Royal Field Artillery">
Royal Field Artillery

The Royal Field Artillery (RFA) of the British Army provided artillery support for the British Army. It came into being when the Royal Artillery was divided on 1 July 1899, it was reamalgamated back into the Royal Artillery in 1924.
The Royal Field Artillery was the largest arm of the artillery. It was responsible for the medium calibre guns and howitzers deployed close to the front line and was reasonably mobile. It was organised into brigades, attached to divisions or higher formations.

</doc>
<doc id="2839575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839575" title="Unregenerate!">
Unregenerate!

Unregenerate! is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
When an empty TARDIS greets Mel, the trail leads to a decrepit asylum, guarded by armed personnel and populated by screaming inmates… with its most recent addition a mysterious patient known as the Doctor.
Mel must follow clues left by the Doctor to find him and infiltrate a top secret alien medical facility called the Kleise Institute and close down its unethical operations on humans. The aliens are taking beings the day before their chronological death and overwriting their personalities. The Doctor attempted to interfere but was supposedly mentally deranged in an accident with some equipment at the facility (though the actual state of his mental capacity is not clear, but it is hinted he is faking it). For three days the Doctor is detained there. When Mel finally finds the Doctor, they break out in cooperation with other subjects. When one of the people helping the Doctor escape, Louis, is shot, he appears at first to die. Then, just as he appears dead, he begins to regenerate, at which point the Doctor reveals to Mel that he is a fellow Time Lord. In the end, the Doctor reveals that all of the aliens running the Kleise Institute are Time Lords as well, and that they were attempting to figure out if it was possible to put a TARDIS brain in a human body by a commission of the Time Lord High Council.

</doc>
<doc id="2839582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839582" title="Asterix and the Great Crossing">
Asterix and the Great Crossing

Asterix and the Great Crossing is the twenty-second volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations).
Plot summary.
Unhygienix is out of fresh fish (as always), which is carted overland in ox-drawn carts from Lutetia (Paris), and causing it to get unhealthy on the long trip, and Getafix says that he needs some for his potion. Asterix and Obelix borrow a boat from Geriatrix and go fishing. After a storm, they get lost, but despite Obelix's concerns, they do not reach the edge of the world; instead- following a brief encounter with the pirates-, they arrive on an island (which is actually North America) with delicious birds that the Gauls call "gobblers" (turkeys), bears and "Romans" with strange facial paintings (Indians).
Soon they earn the "Romans"' affection, but they decide to leave after the "centurion" chooses Obelix as his rather rubenesque daughter's fiancé. They go to a small island. Seeing a boat coming, Asterix climbs a cairn of rocks holding a torch and a book like the Statue of Liberty to attract it. The crew are anachronistic Vikings (with names like Herendethelessen, Steptøånssen, Nøgøødreåssen, Håråldwilssen, Irmgard, Firegård, and their Great Dane, Huntingseåssen) - who managed a Pre-Columbian trans-oceanic contact and take the Gauls, who they thought to be the local natives, to their homeland as proof that there are continents beyond Europe. 
Their mutual desperation, the Gauls wanting to return home, and the Vikings' eagerness to prove their story of a new world, results in a trip back to Europe to the Vikings' homeland. The Vikings' chief, Ødiuscomparissen, greets them and is skeptical of their stories, until he sees the Gauls. They plan a celebration, then attempt to sacrifice the "natives", much to the chagrin of the other Vikings ("Why? They haven't done anything!"). 
Before this can be carried out, a Gaulish prisoner called Catastrofix, who can understand both Gallic and Norse, stirs up Ødiuscomparissen's suspicion that Herendethelessen is a liar, causing a fight between the Vikings with the assumption that Herendethelessen has simply gone to Gaul rather than to a new world. Meanwhile, the Gauls escape. This escape is conducive to their original purpose, since Catastrofix is a fisherman and hence able to procure some fish for the magic potion. Unhygenix, however, prefers the scent of his own stock; a preference that explains why his product is such a delicate and filthy topic.

</doc>
<doc id="2839587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839587" title="Asterix and Caesar's Gift">
Asterix and Caesar's Gift

"Asterix and Caesar's Gift" is the twenty-first volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations). It was the first Asterix adventure that was not published in serial form in "Pilote" magazine prior to its publication as a book.
Synopsis.
Having completed twenty years of service in the Roman Army, Veteran legionaries Tremensdelirius and Egganlettus await their honesta missio (Latin:honorary discharge) for the morning but that night Tremensdelirius expresses his opinion on Julius Caesar in his drunken state and gets arrested.
The following morning Caesar is informed of Tremensdelirius's mishap the night before. Caesar suggests playing a practical joke. He will receive his honorary discharge after all but Caesar has a "special" gift for him. In the ceremony, Egganlettus receives a share in Nicaea and the still drunk Tremensdelirius receives his special gift: a Gaulish village in Armorica, the only territory of Gaul not yet conquered by the Roman legions. The village is inhabited by Asterix and his friends.
Tremensdelirius sees little merit in a gift he cannot drink and attempts to sell his land share immediately, but Egglanlettus refuses, wanting to grow salad in Nicaea. A few days later Tremensdelirius is drunk again and is unable to pay the innkeeper. So, he offers his land share. The innkeeper, Orthopaedix agrees to the bargain. Soon Orthopaedix, his wife Angina and Influenza, their daughter, arrive at "their" new village only to be disappointed to find it already inhabited but hope the seal of Julius Caesar will convince the villagers to leave. They request a meeting with Vitalstatistix and state their claim. The village chief bursts into laughter and is soon joined by Asterix, Obelix and a number of villagers. Vitalstatistix dismisses their claim as absurd.
Angina berates her husband for selling their inn to travel to Armorica. Vitalstatistix decides to offer Orthopaedix a chance to get out of his situation and informs him that their village has no inn and offers him a building for him to use next to the fish-stall. Obelix helps the new family and soon has a crush on Influenza. Geriatrix doesn't like Orthopaedix and his family, saying he isn't against Foreigners but he doesn't like ones that come and stay in the Village, believing that they would attempt to kick them out of it.
The opening night of the new inn, the villagers are invited to attend but the merriment seems to end when Vitalstatistix and his wife Impedimenta arrive. Impedimenta and Angina greet each other coldly and soon the two women enter an argument about who owns the village. Meanwhile a comment by Angina about the smell of fish has set off Unhygienix and Fulliautomatix's rivalry. A fight starts with all the villagers present.
The morning finds the inn abandoned except for the bruised Orthopaedix, a sobbing Angina and Influenza. Orthopaedix is ready to quit and return to Lutetia, but Angina wants to have revenge on Impedimenta and makes a claim to the leadership of the village on behalf of her husband. Vitalstatistix is shocked to have his long-held position challenged but soon has Cacofonix obtain an opinion poll of the villagers and the results are disappointing for Vitalstatistix. 
Soon both candidates and their families search for supporters by offering their markedly insincere voice of support to the individual concerns of each villager.
The villagers become very involved in the political race. Geriatrix originally supports Vitalstatistix due to his distrust of Orthopaedix, but then thinks the Chief is weak and tries to stand for Chief himself. Asterix, however, becomes worried that internal conflict could benefit the Romans. Meanwhile, Tremensdelirius arrives at the village to visit Orthopaedix and explains that since their last meeting he unsuccessfully tried all kinds of trade. Thus he wants to claim his land share saying that veterans are not allowed to sell their shares to Gauls.
The family attempts to throw him out but he draws the sword on the family. Meanwhile Asterix arrives and the two proceed in a demonstration of their swordsmanship. Asterix wins. Influenza is impressed by the diminutive Gaulish warrior and Tremensdelirius leaves. Tremensdelirius visits Laudanum Roman camp and finds his old friend Egganlettus serving as an aide-de-camp under the local centurion, as he found retirement boring and signed up for another 20 years. With his support Tremensdelirius makes an official request on the centurion to restore a stolen land share to a veteran soldier. The centurion is rather reluctant to face the Gauls but the veterans threaten to report him to Caesar who would not like the Gauls taking advantage of his veterans. He agrees to prepare a military attack but Egganlettus has clearly fallen out of favor and his rank is reduced to Legionary second class.
The following day, Influenza expresses her admiration to Asterix. A jealous Obelix feels betrayed by both his best friend and his love interest. Asterix attempts to express his concerns about the mysterious Roman from the previous day but it falls on deaf ears. Hence, Asterix decides to investigate the forest area himself and soon finds that in one of the Roman camps they are preparing siege weapons for an extended campaign. He listens to their plans but lacks the magic potion needed to end their preparations. The Romans see him, but are afraid to attack, enabling him to escape. However his escape means the Romans become convinced that the Gauls can no longer resist the Romans, thus Roman morale rises. Egganlettus is given his position back.
Asterix returns to the village and attempts to sound the alarm, but the village pays no attention to him. Everybody is gathered to witness the public debate between Vitalstatistix and Orthopaedix, with Cacofonix serving as a referee. When Vitalstatistix questions the impartiality of Cacofonix his allotted time is ended abruptly. While the debate is in progress, they are interrupted by rocks thrown into the village by the Roman catapults outside.
Vitalstatistix begs for Getafix to give them magic potion but the druid refuses even though he must know the village is under attack. He is just too disgusted by the Gaulish in-fighting. 
There is a change of attitude in Orthopaedix and Vitalstatistix and they stop fighting each other. Getafix approves of this and agrees to help them. Obelix single-handedly attacks the Romans and delays their attempts to enter the village. His efforts provide enough time for the potion to be prepared. The rival factions of villagers combine their efforts against the Romans and counterattack, demolishing the war machines.
Orthopaedix himself confronts Tremensdelirius and returns the stone tablet that claims ownership of the village and smashes it on Tremensdelirius's head. Egganlettus realizes his friend's treacherous nature and is furious and follows this up with a blow with a stick. This results on Tremensdelirius falling into unconsciousness with a very pronounced lump on the head. Both Gauls and Romans seem to want nothing more to do with him and his body is left on the field.
The centurion has Egganlettus demoted to second-class legionary and assigns him to clean up the remains of the war machines with a mere broom.
The Gauls are reconciled following their victory. A much more confident Orthopaedix befriends his former rival who says he will make a good Chief, but he decides to withdraw his claim for leadership and return to Lutetia. Angina is about to object, but Orthopaedix angrily puts her in her place, making it clear that the decision has been made and there is no room for argument. Now he has something to brag about to his brother-in-law. 
Impedimenta and Angina have nothing left to fight about. They exchange recipes and addresses of their relatives in Lutetia. Obelix mourns the loss of Influenza but is reconciled with Asterix, as they are no longer rival suitors. There is a victory celebration at night and everyone takes part. The narration claims that the events happened long ago, when such matters were not considered so important.

</doc>
<doc id="2839591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839591" title="Lixia">
Lixia

Lìxià (pīnyīn) or Rikka (rōmaji) () is the 7th solar term according to the traditional East Asian calendars, which divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). It signifies the beginning of summer in East Asian cultures.
It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 45° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 60°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 45°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around May 5 and ends around May 21.

</doc>
<doc id="2839592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839592" title="Xiazhi">
Xiazhi

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣).
Xiàzhì (pīnyīn) or Geshi (rōmaji) () is the 10th solar term, and marks the summer solstice. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 90° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 105°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 90°.
Western correlation.
In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 21 June and ends around 7 July.
The solstices.
The solstices (as well as the equinoxes) mark the middle of the seasons in traditional East Asian calendars. Here, the Chinese character 至 means "extreme", so the term for the summer solstice directly signifies the summit of summer.

</doc>
<doc id="2839593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839593" title="Mangzhong">
Mangzhong

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Mángzhǒng (pīnyīn) or more commonly pronounced as Mángzhòng, or Bōshu (rōmaji) () is the 9th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 75° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 90°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 75°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around June 5 (June 6 East Asia time) and ends around June 21.

</doc>
<doc id="2839594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839594" title="Qingming">
Qingming

Qīngmíng (pīnyīn) or Chīngmíng (MPS II) or Seimei (rōmaji) () is the name of the 5th solar term of the traditional East Asian lunisolar calendar, which divides a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Qingming begins when the sun reaches the celestial longitude of 15° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 30°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 15°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 4 April or 5 April and ends around 20 April.
Pentads.
Each solar term can be divided into 3 pentads (候). They are: first pentad (初候), second pentad (次候) and last pentad (末候). Pentads in Chingming include:

</doc>
<doc id="2839595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839595" title="Guyu">
Guyu

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Gǔyù (pīnyīn) or more commonly pronounced as Gǔyǔ, or Kokuu (rōmaji) () is the 6th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 30° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 45°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 30°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around April 20 and ends around May 5.
Pentads.
Each solar term can be divided into 3 pentads (候). They are: first pentad (初候), second pentad (次候) and last pentad (末候). Pentads in Guyu include:

</doc>
<doc id="2839597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839597" title="Xiaoman">
Xiaoman

The traditional East Asian calendars divide a year into 24 solar terms (節氣). Xiǎomǎn (pīnyīn) or Shōman (rōmaji) () is the 8th solar term. It begins when the Sun reaches the celestial longitude of 60° and ends when it reaches the longitude of 75°. It more often refers in particular to the day when the Sun is exactly at the celestial longitude of 60°. In the Gregorian calendar, it usually begins around 21 May and ends around 5 June (6 June East Asia time).

</doc>
<doc id="2839602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839602" title="Asterix in Corsica">
Asterix in Corsica

Asterix in Corsica is the twentieth volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (artwork). It was originally serialized in Pilote issues 687-708 in 1973. It is the best-selling title in the history of the series, owing to its sales in the French market, but is one of the lowest-selling titles in the English language.
Plot summary.
In most editions of this book the map that is shown before the story begins does not present Gaul and a close-up of the village with the four surrounding Roman camps. Instead the reader is shown a map of Corsica and a multiple of camps around the coast-line.
The story begins with a banquet celebrating the anniversary of Vercingetorix's victory at the Battle of Gergovia. As part of the celebrations, the indomitable Gauls attack the local Roman camps. As a result, most of the Roman soldiers go on special manoeuvres to avoid the punch-up.
On this particular year various people who have helped the Gauls against the Romans in previous books have been invited along with their wives (this may be because this was the last story published in "Pilote" magazine, or because this was the 20th album). They include:
The Roman camp of Totorum, too, has visitors: three Roman soldiers escorting the Corsican leader Boneywasawarriorwayayix, exiled by Praetor Perfidius. He is left to spend the night in the Centurion's tent, to its owner's dismay. While the other camps are deserted, the Romans of Totorum have no option but to stay and be decimated by the Gauls and their friends, who discover Boneywasawarriorwayayix awakening from a long siesta (meaning sleep).
The proud Boneywasawarriorwayayix attends the Gaulish banquet and leaves the next day for Corsica with Asterix, Obelix and Dogmatix accompanying him. At Massalia, he hires a ship crewed by none other than Captain Redbeard and his pirates. When the passengers go aboard it is too dark for the captain and the Gauls to recognise each other. But when, in the middle of the night, the pirates attempt to rob the Corsican and his three companions, they recognize the sleeping Gauls and the entire crew vacates the ship in a rowboat.
The following morning the passengers awake to find to their astonishment that the ship is deserted. Boneywasawarriorwayayix then invites the Gauls to share a pungent Corsican cheese. Not used to the strong smell, they feel unwell, but then the Corsican realises that they are off the coast of his native island, abandons the cheese and excitedly swims ashore.
The arrival of the three men and dog is noticed by a Roman patrol. The Romans go to investigate the ship for anything suspicious, but find nothing. As they leave, the pirates arrive to reclaim their vessel. Unfortunately, the presence of a burning torch ignites the fumes from the Corsican cheese, blowing up the ship.
A keen young Roman called Courtingdisastus captures the pirate captain and takes him as a prisoner before Praetor Perfidius in the Roman city of Aleria. From him the Romans learn that Boneywasawarriorwayayix, a known revolutionary leader, has returned from exile. Perfidius announces that he must be recaught and appoints Courtingdisastus leader of the party sent to recapture Boneywasawarriorwayayix. But in fact Perfidius has few illusions that the mission will be successful, and starts making his own plans to flee Corsica, leaving his men in the lurch and sailing away with all the loot he has purloined from the Corsicans.
Courtingdisastus and his men go to Boneywasawarriorwayayix' village, but are faced by his second-in-command Carferrix, who intimidates them into fleeing. Meanwhile the Corsican leader and the Gauls travel through the maquis to a rendezvous where several clan chieftains are to gather and plan their attack on Aleria to recover the wealth the Praetor has extracted from them.
The attack begins before Perfidius can make his escape. Boneywasawarriorwayayix then makes a proud and defiant speech stating that Corsica will never be ruled by an Emperor unless he is a Corsican himself.
After the victory over the Romans, a vendetta between the clans of Boneywasawarriorwayayix and Olabellamargaritix, fought over various but complicated age-old issues, is settled by the diplomatic Asterix; though, when the Gauls leave, there are strong hints that other Corsican chieftains will resume the feud with Olabellamargaritix even if Boneywasawarriorwayayix has called his off.
The Gauls return home with fond memories of their trip.

</doc>
<doc id="2839609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839609" title="Asterix and the Soothsayer">
Asterix and the Soothsayer

Asterix and the Soothsayer is the nineteenth volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations). It was originally serialized in Pilote issues 652-673 in 1972.
Plot summary.
One stormy day, the Gauls — with the exception of Getafix, who is at his annual druid meeting — are huddled in the chief's hut, fearing for their lives. But then, a man enters the hut in a burst of lightning - it is a soothsayer, who promptly proceeds to see the future for our superstitious Gauls. He predicts that "when the storm is over, the weather will improve" and that there will be a fight (Revealed to be caused by the typical argument of Unhygenix's poor-quality fish, which he had provided for the soothsayer to examine the entrails). But not all are impressed; Asterix alone dares question the qualities of this soothsayer, who "is" in fact a fraud.
Although Asterix can see this, not everyone is convinced, most notably Impedimenta, the chief's wife. Partly out of superstition and partly out of personal ambition, she convinces the soothsayer (known also by the name "Prolix") to remain in official hiding near the village, where she and the other villagers may question him at will. The only two whom she will not permit into the forest are Asterix and Obelix. Obelix in particular has a grudge against the soothsayer, who has threatened to kill Dogmatix in order to examine his guts for predictions of the future. 
When Obelix finally thwarts Impedimenta and enters the forest, he finds Prolix there and chases him up a tree. When he threatens to uproot it, Prolix puts him off by claiming to see a vision of a beautiful woman who loves warriors matching Obelix' description. Obelix returns to the village and almost instantly falls for Mrs. Geriatrix.
Prolix meanwhile is arrested by a strictly rule-abiding Roman Optio (a senior officer). The Optio brings Prolix before the Centurion, who decides to make use of the imposter's persuasive voice. 
Back in the forest Impedimenta and Asterix have within moments of each other discovered the absence of the soothsayer, causing consternation among the villagers who were told by the soothsayer that the gods would put a curse on them if anything untowards happened to him. Being that Obelix has been beguiled by Prolix's ironically accurate description of Mrs. Geriatrix (not mentioned by name), Asterix finds himself standing alone. Prolix returns at that moment, claiming dramatically that soon the air in the village will become polluted by a divine curse. Terrified, most of the villagers leave their home, to wait on a nearby island for the curse to run its course, as if it were a quarantined virus. Asterix, Obelix, and Dogmatix stay behind (Although Obelix only remains when Dogmatix goes to join Asterix).
The Romans soon arrive to claim the village, while Asterix and Obelix hide in the local undergrowth. Getafix the druid suddenly returns from his conference (which seems to be a facsimile of a twentieth-century scientific conference). Hearing of the situation, he concocts a witty plan by which to drive out the Romans and teach the villagers a lesson. Using a number of unidentified ingredients in his cauldron, the Druid literally raises such a stink that even the powerful Obelix is affected. The fumes spread to the village, expelling the Romans, Prolix, and Cacofonix the Bard who had sneaked back to find his lyre. He returns to the other Gauls on the island and for them his story confirms the soothsayer's genuineness.
Prolix is baffled: the seeming fulfilment of his prediction has set him to wondering if he is becoming a real soothsayer. On the other hand, the appearance of the foul air has cemented the Centurion's faith in his oracle. He sends word to Caesar that all of Gaul is now conquered ("All?" "All."). But, like Crismus Bonus of "Asterix the Gaul", he begins to desire the Imperial Throne for himself. To pass the time, therefore, he has the soothsayer tell him exaggerated stories of the luxuries emperors enjoy. 
Meanwhile, Getafix, Asterix and Obelix join the other villagers on the island. Here we see a reference to the priestly role of the Druid, when Vitalstatistix begs Getafix to "appease the anger of the Gods, which has fallen upon our poor village." To which Getafix replies "Nonsense!" and proceeds to demonstrate where the stinking fumes came from.
Inspired by this, the villagers go home, while the Romans deal with their own problems. The Optio is himself confused, because even though the Centurion is convinced that Prolix is a genuine soothsayer, the Optio's own observations tell him otherwise. Though upright and law-enforcing, he is no intellectual and finds himself thoroughly perplexed by the simplest of contradictions. Even his inferior officers regard him as an "idiot".
In the village, trouble is still present. Impedimenta and her fellow women are not convinced that Prolix was a cheat, partly because he only foretold pleasant things for them, such as a business partnership between Vitalstatistix and Impedimenta's brother Homeopathix, each of whom considers the other an arrogant dope.
Asterix has an idea: to take the soothsayer by surprise and thus prove that his predictions are not genuine. To this end the Gaulish men and women attack the Roman camp together and when the Centurion demands to know why Prolix did not warn him of this, the fraudulent soothsayer admits that he had no idea that they were coming. This convinces Impedimenta who beats the Centurion and the soothsayer with a rolling pin, causing her husband Vitalstatistix to look on her with an almost patronizing pride.
Returning to the village, the Gauls meet an envoy of Caesar's who has come to check on the Centurion's claim that the village is conquered. They beat him and his escort up.
The envoy, Bulbus Crocus, goes to the camp and faces the Centurion: "AND LOOK WHAT YOUR CONQUERED GAULS DID TO US, BY JUPITER!" He reduces the centurion to a common soldier who is then commanded by the Optio to sweep out the camp alone, under orders to speak properly to a superior officer.
Prolix, who has been taking a lot of yelling from the now-ex Centurion over being a fraud, leaves the camp swearing to give up soothsaying at the risk of having the sky fall on his head, whereupon Rain-God Taranis sends down a thunderstorm. 
The Gaulish village, however, is soon at peace, enjoying themselves for the present and not worrying about the future — with the exception of Cacofonix, who still dreams about being a famous singer.
Film adaptation.
An animated film bearing the title "Asterix and the Big Fight" was released in 1989 but although it contained elements from that album, it was actually more an adaptation of this book.
Part of the plot was also used in the first live action Asterix film, "Asterix and Obelix vs Caesar".

</doc>
<doc id="2839613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839613" title="De-Russification">
De-Russification

Derussification is the policy of the governments and others directed to reverse Russification. De-Russification took place in newly independent countries after the collapse of the Russian Empire in 1917; in non-ethnic-Russian regions of the Soviet Union itself in the 1920s; in Romania in the 1960s; and most recently in different degrees, speeds, and intensities across the newly independent states that arose after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
After the collapse of the Russian Empire.
After the collapse of the Russian Empire in 1917, de-Russification occurred in newly independent Finland, Poland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and in the Kars Oblast which became part of Turkey. When Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania were retaken by the Soviet Union during World War II, they were not re-Russified at an onomastic level, though in practice Russian became the official language and many ethnic Russians were brought into the general population (see below).
De-Russification within the Soviet Union.
Within the new Soviet Union, a policy of Korenizatsiya was followed, a form of de-Russification of the non-Russian areas of the country. Korenizatsiya meaning "nativization" or "indigenization", literally "putting down roots", was the early Soviet nationalities policy promoted mostly in the 1920s but with a continuing legacy in later years. The primary policy consisted of promoting representatives of titular nations of Soviet republics and national minorities on lower levels of the administrative subdivision of the state, into local government, management, bureaucracy and nomenklatura in the corresponding national entities. Stalin mostly reversed the implementation of Korenizatsiya, not so much in changing the letter of the law but in reducing its practical effects and introducing "de facto" Russification.
Romania 1960s.
In Romania in the 1960s, a political break with the Soviet Union resulted in removal of elements of Russian cultural influence in Romania. Russian-language signs were removed from the Bucharest airport, Russian street names were changed to Romanian, Russian bookstores were closed, and Soviet plays, films, and radio broadcasts became rare. Russian was no longer a compulsory language in schools and more time was given to English and French. The Gorki Institute for the Russian language was closed.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union.
South Caucasus.
Armenia.
Compared to neighboring Georgia, Russian had a strong position in Armenia, being the preferred language of most of the intelligentsia, a position it holds to some degree to this day. However after independence Armenianization was pursued including changing the medium of instruction to Armenian in all public schools in the early 1990s. Russian retained a strong position as a second language, strengthened by the large Armenian diaspora which moved back and forth to Russia, Moscow in particular. Russian continues to be a common second language on private signs and in advertising, and Armenia never systematically replaced official signs which were in Armenian and Russian, meaning many such bilingual signs still remain. In 2010 in a significant pullback to de-Russification, Armenia voted to re-introduce Russian-medium schools.
Azerbaijan.
Research in 2005-2006 concluded that government officials did not consider Russian to be a threat to the strengthening role of the Azerbaijani language in independent Azerbaijan. Rather, Russian continued to have value given the proximity of Russia and strong economic and political ties. However, it was seen as self-evident that in order to be successful, citizens needed to be proficient in Azerbaijani.
Georgia.
Georgianization has been pursued with most official and private signs only in the Georgian language, with English being the favored foreign language. Exceptions are older signs remaining from Soviet times, which are generally bilingual Georgian and Russian. Private signs and advertising in Samtskhe-Javakheti region which has a majority Armenian population are generally in Russian only or Georgian and Russian. In the Borchali region which has a majority ethnic Azerbaijani population, signs and advertising are often in Russian only, in Georgian and Azerbaijani, or Georgian and Russian. De-Russification has not been pursued in areas outside Georgian government control, Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
Baltic States.
Estonia and Latvia.
Estonia and Latvia already started pursuing intense de-Russification in the last years of the Soviet Union. For example, already in 1988 the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic declared Latvian the sole official language of Soviet Latvia.
Despite large Russian-speaking minorities in Latvia (26.9% ethnic Russians, 2011) and Estonia (24.8% ethnic Russians, 2011), Russian is considered a "foreign" language in those countries.
As a result, the Council of Europe's European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages does not apply to Russian, since, due to Latvian and Estonian laws, it is not considered a "historical" minority language such as Latgalian (165,000 users), and Livonian (no more than several hundred users), which are supported officially. This gives Russian similar status to, for example, Turkish in Germany or Arabic in France - but the percentage of Russian-language speakers in both Estonia and Latvia is by far the highest percent of any minority speaking a "foreign" language in any EU member state — for example Turks in Germany form no more than 5% of the German population.
The European Union so far mostly supports this policy of Estonia and Latvia to prevent any official status for Russian, going so far as to have apologized to the Latvian government for printing brochures in Russian in 2010.
In 2007, Amnesty International harshly criticized what it termed Estonia's "harassment" of Russian speakers. In 2010, Estonian language inspectorate stepped up inspections at workplaces to ensure that state employees spoke Estonian at an acceptable level. This included inspections of teachers at Russian-medium schools. Amnesty International continues to criticize Estonian policies stating "Non-Estonian speakers, mainly from the Russian-speaking minority, were denied employment due to official language requirements for various professions in the private sector and almost all professions in the public sector. Most did not have access to affordable language training that would enable them to qualify for employment."
In February 2012 a proposal to make Russian the second state language of Latvia was defeated 821,722 (75%) to 273,347 (25%), however about 290,000 of the 557,119 (2011) ethnic Russians in Latvia are non-citizens and do not have the right to vote.
Lithuania.
In contrast to the other two Baltic states, Lithuania has a relatively small Russian-speaking minority (5.0%, 2008 as well as a 6.2% ethnic Polish minority) and Russian speakers may become citizens upon simple request without a requirement to pass a test of fluency in the Lithuanian language.
On January 25, 1989 the presidium of the Supreme Soviet of Lithuanian SSR decreed Lithuanian as “the main means of official communication” for all companies, institutions and organizations in the Lithuanian SSR with the exception of the Soviet Army. In the Constitution passed in 1992, Lithuanian was explicitly stated as the state language.
Belarus.
Initially, when Belarus became independent in 1991 and Belarusian language became the only state language, some de-russification began. But after pro-Russian Alexander Lukashenko became President of Belarus in 1994, Russian was made state language along with Belarusian. Referendum on that topic was held in 1995 and it is considered fraudulent by Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe. After that Russification was continued. Russian language is by far the dominant language in most spheres in the country. Even almost all government information and websites are in Russian only.
Central Asia.
Kazakhstan.
Russian remained co-official with Kazakh as a national language, with Kazakh in the role of state language and Russian in the role as language of interethnic communication. Russian continued to dominate as the language of business, with Kazakh increasing in importance in the spheres of government and media.
Kyrgyzstan.
Other than Russia itself and Belarus, the Russian language has the strongest position in Kyrgyzstan of all the post-Soviet states. Russian remains co-official with Kyrgyz, which remains written in Cyrillic script. Russian remains the dominant language of business and upper levels of government. Parliament sessions are only rarely conducted in Kyrgyz and mostly take place in Russian. In 2011 President Roza Otunbaeva controversially reopened the debate about Kyrgyz getting a more dominant position in the country.
Tajikistan.
In Tajikistan, ethnic Uzbeks make up 15% of the population, ethnic Russians and Kyrgyz each about 1%. After independence Tajik was declared the sole state language and until 2009, Russian was designated the "language for interethnic communication". The 2009 law stated that all official papers and education in the country should be conducted only in the Tajik language. However, the law also stated that all minority ethnic groups in the country have the right to choose in which language they want their children to be educated. Tajik remains written in the Cyrillic alphabet.
Turkmenistan.
Turkmenistan pursued intense de-Russification and was the first in Central Asia (in 1991) to change the local language's alphabet (in this case Turkmen) to Latin script. The situation in Turkmenistan differs from other countries in Central Asia: while hundreds of Turkmen students do attend school in Russia, favorable visa conditions have attracted a much larger number of Turkmen s to Turkey, both as illegal workers and as students. Turkmen is closely related to Turkish. While Russian TV channels have mostly been shut down inside Turkmenistan, Turkish satellite programming is widely available. Turkish schools now fill the gap left by the closing of Russian-language schools, and over 600 Turkish companies operate in Turkmenistan.
Uzbekistan.
After the independence of Uzbekistan in 1991, Uzbek culture underwent the three trends of de-Russification, the creation of an Uzbek national identity, and westernization. The Uzbek state has primarily promoted these trends through the educational system, which is particularly effective because nearly half the Uzbek population is of school age or younger. Since the Uzbek language became official and privileged in hiring and firing, there has been a brain drain of ethnic Russians in Uzbekistan. As a result of this emigration, participation in Russian cultural centers like the State Academy Bolshoi Theatre in Uzbekistan has seriously declined. In the capital Tashkent, statues of the leaders of the Russian Revolution were taken down and replaced with local heroes like Timur, and urban street names in the Russian style were Uzbekified. In 1995, Uzbekistan ordered the Uzbek alphabet changed from a Russian-based Cyrillic script to a modified Latin alphabet, and in 1997, Uzbek became the sole language of state administration.
Moldova.
When Moldova became independent in 1991, Moldovan (Romanian) language became the only state language.
Ukraine.
Before 1991 Ukraine was part of the Soviet Union and both Russian and Ukrainian were official languages in the Soviet Union. In 1991 independent Ukraine made Ukrainian the only official state language and implemented government policies to broaden the use of Ukrainian language. The educational system in Ukraine has been transformed over the first decade of independence from a system that was overwhelmingly Russian into one where over 75% of tuition is in Ukrainian. The government has also mandated a progressively increased role for Ukrainian in the media and commerce. In some cases, the abrupt changing of the language of instruction in institutions of secondary and higher education, led to the charges of assimilation, raised mostly by the Russian-speaking population (in a July 2012 poll by RATING 55% of the surveyed (Ukrainians older than 18 years) believed that their native language was rather Ukrainian and 40% rather Russian, 5% could not decide which language was their native one). However, the transition lacked most of the controversies that surrounded the derussification in several of the other former Soviet Republics.
Attempts towards reversal of de-Russification in Ukrainian politics.
In various elections the adoption of Russian as an official language was an election promise by one of the main candidates (Leonid Kuchma in 1994, Viktor Yanukovych in 2004 and Party of Regions in 2012). 2012 legislation on languages in Ukraine made Russian a "regional language" in several southern and eastern parts of Ukraine.
Republics within the Russian Federation.
North Caucasus.
In Dagestan, Chechnya and Ingushetia, De-Russification is understood not so much directly in the disappearance of Russian language and culture but rather by the exodus of Russian speaking people themselves, which intensified after the First and Second Chechen Wars, Islamization and by 2010 had reached a critical point. The displacement of the Russian-speaking population from the industrial sphere, science and education has weakened these spheres.
Tatarstan.
After 1990 the Tatarstan Republic of the Russian Federation saw a large resurgence of Tatar nationalism and the formation of an ethnically Tatar government that aggressively promoted the resurgence of Tatar language and culture and a consistent de-Russification of Tatarstan. One element of accomplishing this was by transitioning the Tatar language from the Cyrillic alphabet to the Latin alphabet. The decision to do so was ratified in 1999, with the intention of a ten-year transition period beginning with street signs and school programs in the fall of 2001, with the hope for completion of the transition by 2011.
However, that effort was aborted in 2004 when the Constitutional Court ruled that the 15 November 2002 federal law mandating the use of Cyrillic for the state languages of the republics of the Russian Federation does not contradict the Russian constitution. In accordance with this Constitutional Court ruling, on 28 December 2004, the Tatar Supreme Court overturned the Tatarstani law that made the Latin alphabet official.

</doc>
<doc id="2839614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839614" title="Asterix and the Laurel Wreath">
Asterix and the Laurel Wreath

Asterix and the Laurel Wreath is the eighteenth volume of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations). It was originally serialized in the magazine" Pilote", issues 621-642, in 1971 and translated into English in 1974.
Plot summary.
The story begins in Rome where Asterix and Obelix are talking. Asterix is angry and frustrated and vents his annoyance on Obelix.
To explain why they are in Rome, the story flashes back to Lutetia where Asterix, Obelix, Chief Vitalstatistix and his wife Impedimenta are on a shopping trip. The men are loaded with parcels and packages. Furthermore they are visiting Impedimenta's brother Homeopathix. Vitalstatistix dislikes Homeopathix, a rich, crass businessman who immediately shows off his wealth. Impedimenta is always reproaching Vitalstatistix for not matching this wealth or getting on with her brother. At dinner, Vitalstatistix quickly gets drunk and boasts that as a Chief he can obtain for Homeopathix something money cannot possibly buy: a stew seasoned with Caesar's laurel wreath. An equally drunk Obelix declares that Vitalstatistix is "ferpectly right" and volunteers himself and Asterix to fetch the wreath.
The story now returns to Rome. Asterix and Obelix see a man coming out of Caesar's palace. Discovering that he is a slave there, they decide to offer themselves as slaves and go to the slave trader Typhus, who has only the best slaves to offer and who also supplies Caesar's palace. Typhus' other slaves are a rather snobbish, arrogant lot and their attitude soon provokes the Gauls into a fight. A man, who Asterix believes is Caesar's major-domo, is amused and offers to buy them.
However, he turns out to be Osseus Humerus, a wealthy patrician who has nothing to do with Caesar's household. The Gauls are placed under the supervision of Goldendelicius, Humerus' chief slave. Goldendelicius soon expresses his intense dislike of the two Gauls because they come from Typhus — which is a mark of distinction — and he does not and he is worried about his position as head slave.
Disappointed that they have not made it into the palace, Asterix and Obelix make several disruptive attempts to have Humerus give them back to Typhus; they cook a very volatile stew, which accidentally cures Humerus' heavy-drinking son Metatarsus of his constant hangovers; and disturb the sleeping family by making a lot of noise, which only inspires them to throw a wild party.
Humerus was due to go to Caesar's palace for a meeting with an official there. As a result of the party he has a bad hangover and tells the Gauls to go and tell the official that he cannot attend.
Goldendelicius is still concerned that Asterix and Obelix will take over his job, so he slips away to the palace himself and tells the guards that the Gauls are planning to kill Caesar. As a result, Asterix and Obelix are thrown into the palace cells upon arrival. Under this advantageous situation, they break out during the night and comb the palace in search of the laurel wreath but to no avail. Frustrated and tired, they return to their cell, much to the confusion of the palace guards. Asterix decides that the only option is to find Caesar himself, since the laurel wreath is usually on his head.
The next morning a lawyer comes to defend Asterix and Obelix, who are to face trial for the "attempt" on Caesar's life. It is already taken for granted that they will be found guilty and thrown to the lions in the Circus Maximus, which Caesar himself might attend. Since it is a show trial anyway, the lawyer decides to take advantage to show off his oratory skills. When the prosecutor announces that he is going to make the same speech, the defence lawyer calls for a suspension in proceedings. Anxious to be sentenced to the Circus in order to catch Caesar, it is Asterix himself who makes a passioned speech for the prosecution, outlining all the wrongdoings committed by himself and Obelix: the wrecking of Typhus' slave stand, the chaos in the Humerus household and the "plot" against Caesar. The whole audience, including Typhus and the Humeruses, is moved by this plea of guilty and the Gauls are sentenced to death in the Circus.
In the cells, they are treated to first-class meals, and gifts are even sent by Typhus and Humerus.
However, as they are about to enter the arena, Asterix and Obelix learn that Caesar is actually not present, having gone off to fight pirates. Stubbornly, the Gauls refuse to go into the arena until he returns, which results in the big cats in the arena eating each other, a mass riot of the audience, and everyone (including Asterix and Obelix and the last remaining lion) getting evicted from the circus.
That night, Asterix and Obelix sleep inside a doorway, where they are spotted by a group of brigands. The latters' attempt to rob the two Gauls results in a thrashing for the bandits. Impressed, their chief Habeascorpus offers Asterix and Obelix a place to stay in return for their participation in their raids. The next night, the gang runs into a drunk who turns out to be Metatarsus. Refusing to allow them to attack an innocent, Asterix and Obelix thrash the bandits again.
From Metatarsus the two Gauls learn that he has just been celebrating with Goldendelicius in a nearby tavern. Goldendelicius has been appointed as Caesar's personal slave, and Caesar himself is due to hold a triumph the very next day for his victory over the pirates. Asterix and Obelix corner Goldendelicius in the tavern (where he has fallen into a drunken sleep) and coerce him to exchange Caesar's laurel wreath for one made of parsley. The next morning, just before the triumph, Asterix and Goldendelicius secretly switch wreaths.
The next day, during the triumph, Goldendelicius holds the wreath over Caesar's head, nervously worried that he'll notice that it is made of parsley. The dictator does not notice the switch, though he is puzzled as to why he secretly "feels like a piece of fish".
Upon Asterix and Obelix's return, Homeopathix arrives in his brother-in-law's village in order to eat the stew with Caesar's laurel wreath. Vitalstatistix even states that a wealthy man like him would never be able to eat such a meal in his own house. Homeopathix "agrees" by sarcastically pointing out that it is overcooked and the meat is not up to the quality he expects at home. This causes Vitalstatistix to punch him sky-high in a fit of rage. Homeopathix lands in front of Cacofonix, who wonders if he was also banned from the feast because of singing. The novel also ends with the note that, with Asterix's cure for drunkenness now available to the Romans, it has begun a series of ever-increasing parties that will eventually result in the collapse of the empire.

</doc>
<doc id="2839621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2839621" title="Sangwon County">
Sangwon County

Sangwon County is a county of North Hwanghae, formerly one of the four suburban counties located in east Pyongyang, North Korea. Prior to 1952, Sangwon was merely a township of Chunghwa County. In 1952 it was separated as a separate county, and in 1963 it was added as a county of Pyongyang. It is north of North Hwanghae's Hwangju, Yontan-gun, and Suan-gun, south of the Nam River and Kangdong-gun west of Yonsan-gun, and east of Chunghwa-gun. In 2010, it was administratively reassigned from Pyongyang to North Hwanghae; foreign media attributed the change as an attempt to relieve shortages in Pyongyang's food distribution system.
Divisions.
The county is divided into one town (up), one worker's district (rodongjagu) and 20 'ri' (villages).

</doc>
