<doc id="5960341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960341" title="Cressy (ship)">
Cressy (ship)

The Cressy was one of the first four ships in 1850 to carry emigrants from England to the new colony of Canterbury in New Zealand. The "Cressy" was the last to arrive on 27 December. The other ships were "Charlotte Jane", "Sir George Seymour" and "Randolph".
The passengers aboard these four ships were referred to as the "Canterbury Pilgrims" of Christchurch. Their names are inscribed on a marble plaque in Cathedral Square in the centre of Christchurch.

</doc>
<doc id="5960345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960345" title="William Lyndwood">
William Lyndwood

William Lyndwood (c. 1375 – 21/22 October 1446) was an English bishop of St. David's, diplomat and canonist, most notable for the publication of the "Provinciale".
Early life.
Lyndwood was born in Linwood, Lincolnshire, one of seven children. His parents were John Lyndwood (died 1419), a prosperous wool merchant, and his wife Alice. There is a monumental brass to John Lyndwood in the local parish church in which an infant William is portrayed decked in the robes of a doctor of laws.
Lyndwood was educated at Gonville Hall, Cambridge though few details are known. He is thought to have become a fellow of Pembroke College, Cambridge though later he moved to Oxford where he became DCL "probably rather by incorporation than constant education". He took Holy Orders and was ordained deacon in 1404 and priest in 1407.
Career.
Lyndwood had a distinguished ecclesiastical career. In 1408, Robert Hallum, Bishop of Salisbury appointed Lyndwood to his consistory court. Then, in 1414, Lyndwood was appointed "Official" of the Archbishop of Canterbury (i.e. his principal adviser and representative in matters of ecclesiastical law) in 1414, and Dean of the Arches in 1426, while holding at the same time several important benefices and prebends. In 1433 he was collated 1434 Archdeacon of Stow in the Diocese of Lincoln, and in 1442, after an earnest recommendation from King Henry VI, he was promoted by Pope Martin V to the vacant See of St. David's. During these years Lyndwood's attention was occupied by many other matters besides the study of canon law. He had been closely associated with Archbishop Henry Chichele in his proceedings against the Lollards. He had also acted several times as the chosen representative of the English clergy in their discussions with the Crown over subsidies, but more especially he had repeatedly been sent abroad on diplomatic missions, for example to Portugal, France and the Netherlands, besides acting as the King's Proctor at the Council of Basle in 1433 and taking a prominent part as negotiator in arranging political and commercial treaties.
He was also Keeper of the Privy Seal from 1432 to 1443. Despite the fact that so much of Lyndwood's energies were spent upon purely secular concerns nothing seems ever to have been said against his moral or religious character. He was buried in the crypt of St Stephen's Chapel, where his body was found in 1852, wrapped in a ceremonial cloth and allegedly "almost without signs of corruption".
The "Provinciale".
Lyndwood, however, is chiefly remembered for his great commentary upon the ecclesiastical decrees enacted in English provincial councils under the presidency of the Archbishops of Canterbury. This elaborate work, commonly known as the "Provinciale", follows the arrangement of the titles of the Decretals of Gregory IX in the "Corpus Juris", and copies of much of the medieval English legislation enacted, in view of special needs and local conditions, to supplement the "jus commune". Lyndwood's gloss gives an account of the views accepted among the English clergy of his day upon all sorts of subjects. It should be read together with John of Acton's gloss, composed circa 1333-1335, on the Legatine Constitutions of the thirteenth century papal legates, Cardinals Otto and Ottobuono for England, which was published with the Provinciale by Wynkyn de Worde.
The Provinciale was published as "Constituciones prouinciales ecclesie anglicae" by Wynkyn de Worde in London in 1496). The work was frequently reprinted in the early years of the sixteenth century, but the edition produced at Oxford in 1679 is sometimes seen as the best.
The "Catholic Encyclopaedia" saw the work as important in the controversy over the attitude of the "Ecclesia Anglicana" towards the jurisdiction of the pope. Frederic William Maitland controversially appealed to Lyndwood's authority against the view that the "Canon Law of Rome, though always regarded as of great authority in England, was not held to be binding on the English ecclesiastical courts". The "Catholic Encyclopaedia" also contends that Maitland's arguments had found broader acceptance in English law:
However, Maitland's view of Lyndwood's authority was attacked by Ogle.

</doc>
<doc id="5960346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960346" title="Socialist Left Party">
Socialist Left Party

Socialist Left Party may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5960348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960348" title="Fajr 7">
Fajr 7

Fajr 7 is an Iranian short-range ballistic missile. The missile is reported to have a range of over .
Deployment.
In February 2002 it was reported that a number of the missiles were being moved into southern Lebanon.
It was reported to have been used in an attack on Haifa in July 2006, but the missiles involved were later identified as Fajr 3.
Military Exercise.
In July 1994, Iran carried out a military exercise under the name Fajr-7 in the northern Persian Gulf.
See also.
2006 Lebanon War

</doc>
<doc id="5960351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960351" title="Amity International, Noida">
Amity International, Noida

Amity International School, Noida is a secondary school in the 10+2 pattern. It is located in Sector 44, Noida, in the National Capital Region of India. It was founded in 1994 by Dr. Ashok K. Chauhan and Dr. Amita Chauhan. The school, like other Amity educational institutions, is controlled by the Ritnand Balved Education Foundation. It shares a campus with the Amity Global School in Noida.
Introduction.
The school is located on a complex, adjacent to Kalindi Kunj on the link road between Noida and Delhi. 
The school currently educates children from Nursery to Class XII, with the primary wing (from Nursery to Class V) having as many as 14 sections in each class.
The school campus is divided into six blocks to accommodate the pre-primary, primary, middle and senior wings.
Facilities.
For activity-based learning facilities include Social Studies Rooms, Science Activity Rooms, Maths Labs, Art & Craft Rooms and Clay Modeling Rooms. An air-conditioned auditorium, amphitheatre and multi-purpose halls are the venue for various educational and cultural events. An Olympic size running track, cricket pitches, basketball courts, volleyball courts, badminton courts, a hockey pitch, a skating rink, a gymnasium and a shooting range facilitate sports training. The various programs for games and sports activities are organized throughout the year to train students in the following areas- basketball, cricket, chess, football, gymnastics, hockey, karate, lawn tennis, skating, shooting, volleyball. The school also has a canteen and a branch of the Oriental Bank of Commerce which is accessible to students.
AIS Noida has a fleet of buses for transportation of about 4000 students out of the approximate 6000 students that attend the school. They cover every sector in Noida, as well as South Delhi and the Patparganj area.
Security measures.
To ensure the safety of the students and staff, security guards are deployed throughout the school premises. Students, faculty and visitors are required to carry identity cards. At the end of the school day, the sports department oversees dispersal and once students are on the school buses they are with appointed teachers and guards.
In case of an injury or illness requiring immediate attention, the school appoints resident doctors and nurses and an ambulance is constantly ready.
All buses have been provided with a Group 4 Security Guard and most of the buses have a teacher on duty. 
Main faculty.
The school has a staff of 400 teachers, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5960354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960354" title="Teague Independent School District">
Teague Independent School District

Teague Independent School District is a public school district based in Teague, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5960366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960366" title="Plau am See">
Plau am See

Plau am See is a town in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 28 km east of Parchim, and 29 km west of Waren.
At the edge of town, there is a protected forest habitat named Plauer Stadtwald (literally: Plau city forest). Among the sights in town are a historic church building, the ruins of the Burg Plau castle and a bridge that may be vertically lifted to allow boats on the channel below to pass through. 

</doc>
<doc id="5960367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960367" title="List of Members of the Canadian House of Commons with military service (N)">
List of Members of the Canadian House of Commons with military service (N)


</doc>
<doc id="5960368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960368" title="Leonard Compagno">
Leonard Compagno

Leonard Joseph Victor Compagno is an international authority on shark taxonomy and the author of many scientific papers and books on the subject, best known of which is his 1984 catalogue of shark species produced for the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations. Compagno was mentioned in the credits of the 1975 film "Jaws" along with the National Geographic Society.
See also.
Full list of publications while at SRC

</doc>
<doc id="5960390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960390" title="Plaue">
Plaue

Plaue is a town in the Ilm-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Gera, 11 km north of Ilmenau, and 8 km southwest of Arnstadt.

</doc>
<doc id="5960393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960393" title="Ulmus minor subsp. angustifolia">
Ulmus minor subsp. angustifolia

Ulmus minor Mill. subsp. angustifolia (Weston) Stace, known as the Cornish Elm, was commonly found in South West England, Southern Ireland and Brittany until the arrival of Dutch elm disease in the late 1960s. Mature trees are now largely restricted to Australia, whither it was introduced in the 19th century.
Description.
Growing to a height of up to , the Cornish Elm is a slender, slow-growing deciduous tree, distinguished by its long, straight trunk, which culminates in a narrow fan-shaped crown comprising short, straight, ascending branches. The leaves are small, obovate to oval, typically acuminate at the apex, 6 cm long by 3.5 cm broad, with a dark-green upper surface, glossy and smooth. The reddish apetalous wind-pollinated flowers occur in clusters of 15–20 on very short pedicels. The samarae rarely ripened in England, but when mature were very similar to those of the Field Elm group, being mostly obovate in shape and 16 mm by 10 mm in size.
Pests and diseases.
Cornish Elm is very susceptible to Dutch elm disease.
Cultivation and uses.
The origin of the Cornish Elm in England remains a matter of contention; commonly assumed to have been introduced from Brittany by Man, it is also considered possible that the species may have survived the Ice Ages on lands to the south of Cornwall long since lost to the sea. Without doubt, its current distribution owes much to man's activities, as it is the tree traditionally considered the best choice for providing shelter along the Cornish coast. Moreover, its timber was much prized for its strength, and commonly used in wheel and wagon construction.
Few mature specimens are known to survive in the wild in England, but suckers remain a common component of hedgerows, and thus the genetic resources of this subspecies are not considered endangered. A prime example is the Great Elm of Rosuic, an ancient pollard elm which attained a d.b.h. of over before succumbing to disease, but is now producing suckers. Again, like others of the species, propagation is almost entirely by suckers, which the tree produces copiously.
Notable trees.
, the Woodland Trust lists only one verified mature Cornish Elm surviving in Cornwall, a specimen in girth at Tregoose near Helston. As of 2009, two specimens of Cornish Elm are reputed to survive in East Sussex at Selmeston, near the footpath across the grounds of Sherrington Manor. A specimen (height about 25  m, girth about 2  m) survives (2014) in Edinburgh, near the intersection of Douglas Crescent and Douglas Gardens. A small number of mature trees, with an average d.b.h. of 143 cm, survive at Castletownbere Cemetery in County Cork, Ireland. Another specimen, believed to be over a century old, exists in Shoreham, Victoria in Australia.
Varieties.
The notable botanist Ronald Melville considered Goodyer's Elm "Ulmus minor" subsp. "angustifolia" var. "goodyeri" a variety of the Cornish Elm.
Hybrids.
It has been suggested that a variety of "Ulmus × hollandica" found mainly in Cornwall, "Ulmus" × "hollandica" 'Daveyi', is a natural hybrid between wych elm and Cornish elm.
Cultivars.
There are no known cultivars of this taxon, although the botanist F. J. Fontaine conjectured that the cultivar "Atropurpurea" is related to the Cornish Elm. The tree is not known to be in commerce beyond Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5960397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960397" title="Buffalo Independent School District">
Buffalo Independent School District

Buffalo Independent School District is a public school district based in Buffalo, Texas, United States.
The district is located in northern Leon County and extends into southern Freestone County.
In 2010, the school district was rated "Recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
Buffalo High School is located 1724 N. Buffalo Ave. The current principal is Rob Dean. 
Buffalo ISD in 2010 has just finished building their new high school. Its halls are spacious and it resembles a college campus. There are four wings, each representing a different college: Texas A&M, Texas Tech, University of Texas, and Baylor University. The most noticeable add-on to the school is the gymnasium. The gymnasium is adjacent to the cafeteria which has a glass wall allowing one to look over the gym while eating and conversing. Each hallway houses different subjects: the Texas Tech hallway has electives, Baylor University is the science hallway, University of Texas is Math and History, and the Texas A&M is Spanish and English. In 2010, the High School received an Academically Acceptable rating by the TEA.
Buffalo Junior High is located at 145 Bison Trail, the location of the former high school. The current principal is Lacy Freeman. The Junior High consists of two different sections, one building has 4th and 5th grade as the intermediate, and the other building has 6th through 8th grade as the middle school. In 2010, the Junior High received a Recognized rating by the TEA. 
Buffalo Elementary is located at 1700 E Commerce Street. The current principal is Johnny Veretto. The Elementary consists of grades PK-3. Every year the Elementary students participate in Field Day. The Elementary has received a Recognized rating by the TEA the last four years in a row, from 2007-2010.
School board.
Jim Scott - President
Jack Helmcamp- Vice President
Jennifer Humphries- Secretary
Ron Goodwyn - Member
Russell Jonas - Member
Willie Gilliam - Member
Gene Pruitt, Jr. - Member
Superintendents.
Lacey Freeman - 2012 - Current
Jackie Thomason - 2005-2012
Charles Luke - 2002-2005
Paul Vranish - 2000-2002
Floyd L. Jackson - 1994-1999
Athletics.
Football
Volleyball
Boys Basketball
Girls Basketball
Baseball
Softball
Arts.
Theatre.
2010-2011:
2009–2010: 
2008–2009:
2007–2008:
Best Actor Regional/Area- Kirk Ringland
Best Actor District- Chad Nelson
Academics.
UIL academics have a strong tradition in Buffalo. Buffalo has had many UIL academic team members advance to regionals, and even on to state competition in several events.
2014
2010
2009
2008 
School song.
Our boys in gold, Will you please behold
As we proudly stand, For our school so grand
And we are here, You will hear us cheer
You will hear us shout, For our dear Alma Mater
We love you now, Will you show us how
We can win again, Like the best of men
So smile don't sigh, We're from Buffalo High
We'll show it, You'll know it, let's go
B-I-S-O-N BISON NUMBER 1

</doc>
<doc id="5960408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960408" title="No U-turn syndrome">
No U-turn syndrome

No U-Turn Syndrome (NUTS) is a term first coined by Singaporean entrepreneur Sim Wong Hoo, to prominently describe the social behaviour of Singaporeans having a mindset of compliance to higher authorities before proceeding with any action. 
In his book "Chaotic Thoughts from the Old Millennium", he uses a comparison of traffic rules in Singapore to those found overseas, to describe the phenomenon : In Singapore, drivers are not allowed to make a U-turn unless a sign specifically allows them to do so, while in some other countries drivers may make U-turns freely so long as the 'No U-turn' sign is not present. Following that, this analogy is used to explain the red tape he has encountered with hard-nosed bureaucrats, which in turn stifles the very creativity that the Singaporean government has been trying to promote in the recent years.
NUTS is also considered as one of the major criticisms of the rigid Singapore education system, where students are taught from a young age to obey instructions in an unquestioning manner, in a society where grades and paper certification are emphasised at the expense of some life skills.

</doc>
<doc id="5960416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960416" title="Pleystein">
Pleystein

Pleystein is a municipality in the district of Neustadt (Waldnaab), in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 18 km east of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 11 km west of Rozvadov.

</doc>
<doc id="5960417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960417" title="Kingswood, Dublin">
Kingswood, Dublin

Kingswood is a suburb in South Dublin, Ireland. It is close to the county town of Tallaght.
Location and access.
The area is borderd by the M50 motorway to the NE, Katherine Tynan Road to the SE, the Belgard Road to the SW and the N7 to the NW. Traditionally considered to be part of the hinterland of Clondalkin Village yet lying inside of the historical Parish of Tallaght, the area is now divided by the Ballymount Road, with roughly two thirds in Tallaght (Dublin 24), and the remainder, west of the road, in Clondalkin (Dublin 22), and therefore served by different Garda Stations. It has a population of approximately 1,600.
Features.
Facilities.
In the middle of Kingswood there is a square of buildings. These are: A launderette, a betting shop, a fast-food takeaway, a salon, a pharmacy, a convenience store, a public house and acommunity centre. The old centre now serves as a hip hop dance club and a karate club. Next to it, there is the Newer Community Centre. It hosts protests, sport matches and exercise clubs, and it once featured a weekly, now defunct, disco.The Scout den beside the community center houses 158th Castleview Scout Group. The Roman Catholic parish church is shared with Kilnamanagh.

</doc>
<doc id="5960420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960420" title="Stéphane Augé">
Stéphane Augé

Stéphane Augé (born December 6, 1974 in Pau) is a French former road racing cyclist. He is currently a sporting director for UCI Professional Continental team . While he had a contract to ride competitively with them in the 2011 season, he chose instead to retire as a cyclist and fill an opening in the team's management. He was known to be part of the escapees in every first stage of the Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="5960425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960425" title="Troilokyanath Mukhopadhyay">
Troilokyanath Mukhopadhyay

Troilokyanath Mukhopadhyay (1847−1919), was a renowned Bengali author. He was born in Rahuta Village of Chabbishparagana, West Bengal.
Life.
He was a self-educated man. He was a school teacher in Daroka (Birbhum),Ukhra (Raniganj) and in Sahajadpur (Sirajganj)and afterward, a police sub-inspector in Cuttack (1868). He met Sir William Hunter in this period. He joined as a clerk in "Bengal Gazetteer Office" (1870).He became main clerk in agricultural & business department of Uttar-paschim pradesh and became the P.A. of departmental directorate. Later on he joined revenue department of Indian Government (1881) and joined as an assistant curator in Kolkata Museum (1886).
Works.
Troilokyanath Mukhopadhyay’s literary life started after retirement. He is called the best satirist of Bangla Language. His literary works were included in the curriculum of school level, secondary, higher secondary and graduation level Bengali Literature in Bangladesh.
Books.
Domrucharit is a collection of humorous and satirical short stories. The stories recounts the life of times of the hero Domrudhar in colonial India. The protagonist Domrudhar is portrayed as a dishonest man who rises from a lowly shop-assistant to a land owner.

</doc>
<doc id="5960430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960430" title="Hannu Aravirta">
Hannu Aravirta

Hannu Aravirta (born 26 March 1953 in Savonlinna) is a Finnish ice hockey player and an ice hockey coach for the Finnish national men's team, SM-liiga and Elitserien.
Career as player.
Aravirta debuted in the 1973–1974 season, playing 35 games for TuTo in the SM-liiga. In the following season Aravirta played for his hometown team SaPKo in the Suomi-sarja for one season (1974–1975). Aravirta then headed to Kärpät for a three season stint. Kärpät gained promotion from the first division to the SM-liiga after the 1976–1977 season and Aravirta played for the team in the 1977–1978 season. Aravirta left Oulu and Finland as he went to Södertälje SK to play in Swedish Allsvenskan. Aravirta stayed in Södertälje for a total of 3 seasons (1978–1980), and then played in Kiruna AIF for 1980–1981, his last season in Sweden. Aravirta returned to Finland and played for Kärpät for two seasons (1981–1983) before retiring from playing.
Career as coach.
Aravirta's first SM-liiga head coaching job was in the 1988–1989 season at JYP. Aravirta was the head coach of JYP for 5 seasons (1989–1993), winning 2 silver medals, 1 bronze and the Coach of the Year trophy (Kalevi Numminen trophy). More success came when in 1993 Aravirta was hired as the new head coach for Jokerit. In his first season at the helm of Jokerit Aravirta won the Finnish Championship. In the following season (1994–1995) he won silver and at his third season (1995–1996) another Finnish Championship.
After the success of 1996 Aravirta left his position in Jokerit to concentrate in his national team assistant coaching job. Aravirta returned to the SM-liiga for the 2003–2004 season when he was hired to coach former Helsinki rivals HIFK. Aravirta's first season was good as HIFK won bronze but his second season however was to be different. Aravirta was fired during the 2005 SM-liiga playoffs after very poor play from HIFK. Aravirta made his third return to SM-liiga in 2006 when he replaced Jami Kauppi as the head coach of Pelicans(whom he has lifted from a team constantly fighting among the bottom teams to a force to be reckoned with. In the 2007–2008 season, Pelicans led the league for the greater part of the year). During his 10-season SM-liiga coaching career Aravirta has won 2 championships, 3 silver medals and 2 bronze medals.
In January 2010, Aravirta signed on for Modo Hockey in the Swedish Elitserien. His contract was not extended after the season, and he signed with Kärpät in November 2010.
International career.
In 1992 Aravirta was hired as assistant coach in Finnish national men's ice hockey team Aravirta's first international success came in the 1994 Winter Olympics where Finland was 3rd, winning its second Olympic medal in ice hockey. Finland also placed 2nd in the 1994 Ice Hockey World Championships, losing to Canada in a shootout. In 1995 Finland won its first ever World Championship when the Finnish team defeated hosts of the 1995 Ice Hockey World Championship tournament, Sweden 4–1.
The following World Championships in 1996 and 1997 were disappointments as the Finnish team couldn't qualify for medal games (1997 Ice Hockey World Championships were in Finland). 1998 became a blockbuster season for Finnish ice hockey. First the Finns defeated Canada in the 1998 Winter Olympics to win their third Olympic medal, again a bronze one. 1998 Ice Hockey World Championships featured Finland going against Sweden in the two game finals. Finland lost the first final game 1–0 and the second game was a 0–0 tie. Sweden won the World Championships and Aravirta took his first medal as the head coach of Finland (Curt Lindström retired after 1997 championships). Aravirta had a good start as the head coach of team Finland and more was to come. in 1999 Finland was yet again in the finals but this time the Czech Republic won.
The 2000 tournament was a step backwards; the Finnish team was beaten by Slovakia in the semifinals so Finland was to face Canada in the bronze game. Finland won the tight game 2–1 and got its first bronze medal in the World Championships. The 2001 World Championship tournament was Aravirta's last tournament in medals. Finland fought its way to the Finals and faced off with the Czech Republic. Finland led the game 2–0 but ended up losing 2–3 in overtime. The 2002 Olympic tournament saw the Finnish team lose to Canada in the quarterfinals 2-1 and the 2002 World Championships didn't have a better ending for Finns. Finland lost to Sweden in the Bronze game and the Swedes would avenge their defeat in 1995 (the 2002 tournament was played in Sweden). The 2003 Ice Hockey World Championships marked the last tournament for Hannu Aravirta as the head coach of team Finland. Finland progressed through to the quarterfinals where it yet again faced Sweden. Finland had a comfortable 5–1 Lead after the first period but 2nd and 3rd periods of that game were catastrophic. Sweden won the game 6–5 and dropped Finland from the semifinals. After retiring from national team coaching Aravirta was the head coach of the Finnish Junior Ice Hockey Team.

</doc>
<doc id="5960450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960450" title="Jean-Baptiste Jacques Augustin">
Jean-Baptiste Jacques Augustin

Jean-Baptiste Jacques Augustin (August 15, 1759 – April 13, 1832) was a French miniature painter.
Biography.
Augustin was born in Saint-Dié-des-Vosges and died in Paris. He first had some lessons from Jean-Baptiste Claudot and Jean Girardet in Nancy. After a few months in Dijon in 1780 he arrived in Paris in 1781 where he soon earned fame.
During the French Revolution days he travelled to Brittany, Switzerland and Germany
Back in Paris in 1800 he married one of his pupils, Pauline Ducruet. She was 22 years younger than him and herself a painter in a similar style.
In 1806 Jacques Augustin was appointed official painter to the court. Later on (1814) he became painter to the king.
He died of cholera in Paris in 1832 and was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5960468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960468" title="Elwyn Roy King">
Elwyn Roy King

Elwyn Roy King, DSO, DFC (13 May 1894 – 28 November 1941) was a fighter ace in the Australian Flying Corps (AFC) during World War I. He achieved twenty-six victories in aerial combat, making him the fourth highest-scoring Australian pilot of the war, and second only to Harry Cobby in the AFC. A civil pilot and engineer between the wars, he served in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) from 1939 until his death.
Born in Bathurst, New South Wales, King initially saw service as a lighthorseman in Egypt in 1916. He transferred to the AFC as a mechanic in January 1917, and was subsequently commissioned as a pilot. Posted to No. 4 Squadron, he saw action on the Western Front flying Sopwith Camels and Snipes. He scored seven of his "kills" in the latter type, more than any other pilot. His exploits earned him the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Distinguished Service Order, and a mention in despatches. Returning to Australia in 1919, King spent some years in civil aviation before co-founding a successful engineering business. He joined the RAAF following the outbreak of World War II and held several training commands, rising to the rank of group captain shortly before his sudden death in November 1941 at the age of forty-seven.
Early life.
Elwyn Roy King was born on 13 May 1894 at The Grove, near Bathurst, New South Wales. He was the son of English-born Elizabeth Mary (Miller) King and Richard King, an Australian labourer. The youth attended public school, and further educated himself in mechanical engineering via correspondence. Having been employed repairing bicycles, automobiles, and farming equipment, he was living in Forbes and working as a motor mechanic when he joined the Australian Imperial Force under the name Roy King on 20 July 1915.
World War I.
Early service.
On 5 October 1915, King embarked for Egypt aboard HMAT "Themistocles", as part of the reinforcements for the 12th Regiment of the 4th Light Horse Brigade. He joined the 12th Light Horse at Heliopolis in February 1916, as the unit was reassembling following its service in the Gallipoli Campaign. The regiment was engaged in the defence of the Suez Canal during May, and subsequently undertook patrols and sorties in the Sinai Desert.
King transferred to the Australian Flying Corps (AFC) on 13 January 1917, and was posted to Britain to join No. 4 Squadron AFC (also referred to as No. 71 (Australian) Squadron, Royal Flying Corps, by the British) as an air mechanic on 18 April. He was assigned to a training squadron for flying instruction in August. On 15 October, he gained his wings and officer's commission. Allocated to No. 4 Squadron in November 1917, King was posted to France for active duty on 21 March 1918. The same day, the Germans launched Operation Michael, the opening phase of the Spring Offensive.
Fighter ace.
No. 4 Squadron was operating its Sopwith Camels in hazardous, low-altitude support of Australian ground troops when King arrived in France, and he had little opportunity for air-to-air combat. The burly King—nicknamed "Bo", "Beau", or "Bow"—also had problems landing the Camel; crammed into its small cockpit, his large frame impeded control stick movement. The resulting rough landings annoyed his commanding officer, Major Wilfred McCloughry, brother of ace Edgar McCloughry. King's friend and fellow No. 4 Squadron pilot, Harry Cobby, recalled that "there was some speculation that he might go home—but he proved himself an impressive pilot". Cobby often took King on "special missions" to make mischief with the Germans; No. 4 Squadron found that two-man patrols were generally able to lure enemy aircraft into a fight, whereas larger formations tended to deter engagements. On 14 May 1918, King shot down a two-seat German scout that was spotting for artillery between Ypres and Bailleul, but clouds prevented him from confirming its destruction. By 20 May, he had been credited with his first aerial victory, over a Pfalz D.III near Kemmel-Neuve Église. He was promoted to lieutenant on 1 June. On 20 June, he destroyed a German balloon over Estaires; although vulnerable to attack with incendiary bullets, these large observation platforms were generally well protected by fighters and anti-aircraft defences, and were thus considered a dangerous but valuable target. Later that month he shot down two more aircraft, a Pfalz and a two-seat LVG, in the Lys region.
King registered his fifth victory, an LVG, after raiding Armentières on 25 July 1918. Four days later, he led a flight of six Camels from No. 4 Squadron escorting Airco DH.9 light bombers of the Royal Air Force in another raid on Armentières. In an action that the Australian official history highlighted as an "example of cool and skilful air fighting", the DH.9s completed their bombing mission while the Camels drove off an attacking force of at least ten German Fokkers, three of the Australians including King claiming victories, without any Allied losses. He destroyed a German two-seater on 3 August and another the following day, sharing the second with Herbert Watson. No. 4 Squadron was heavily engaged in the Allies' great offensive on the Western Front, launched with the Battle of Amiens on 8 August. King was credited with two victories—a balloon and an LVG—near Estaires during a bombing raid on 10 August. On 12 and 13 August, the Camels of No. 4 Squadron operated in a massed formation over Flanders with the S.E.5s of No. 2 Squadron AFC, the former's two flights led by Cobby and King, and the latter's by Adrian Cole and Roy Phillipps. Pickings were scarce, however, and No. 4 Squadron's only success came on the second day when King and his flight collectively destroyed a two-seat Albatros.
On 16 August 1918, King participated in a major assault against the German airfield at Haubourdin, near Lille, that resulted in thirty-seven enemy aircraft being destroyed on the ground. During the action, described by the official history as a "riot of destruction", King set on fire a hangar housing four or five German planes. He also, according to No. 2 Squadron pilot Charles Copp, flew down Haubourdin's main street, waving as he went, his reason being that "the girls in that village must have had a heck of a time with all that bombing and must have been terribly scared so I thought I'd cheer them up a bit". By this time the Lille sector was largely clear of German fighters. The official history recorded that on 25 August, "King went out alone as far as Don railway station, bombed it, machine-gunned a train, and returned among the low clouds—all without seeing any enemy". The only contact around this time was on 30 August, when King, Thomas Baker and another pilot shot down two DFWs near Laventie. On 1 September, King destroyed an observation balloon over Aubers Ridge. Three days later he shot down an LVG after attacking a train near Lille with Cobby. He was recommended for the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) on 8 September. The award, promulgated in "The London Gazette" on 3 December, cited his "gallant and valuable service in bombing and attacking with machine gun fire enemy billets, trains, troops etc", during which "he ensuresuccess by descending to low altitudes, disregarding personal danger". On 16 September, following a lull in aerial combat in the region, King destroyed a Fokker biplane over Lille. Around this time he was promoted to captain and flight commander. He took over "A" Flight from Cobby, who had been posted to England. By the end of September, King's tally was eighteen. He registered his last victory in a Camel on 2 October, when he used bombs to send down his fourth balloon.
During October 1918, King converted with the rest of No. 4 Squadron to the upgraded Sopwith Snipe, whose larger cockpit was a better fit for him. He scored with the Snipe on both 28 and 29 October, the latter over Tournai, in what is frequently described as "one of the greatest air battles of the war". At Tournai, amid a confrontation involving over seventy-five Allied and German fighters, King evaded five enemy Fokkers that dived on him, before destroying an LVG in a head-on attack. The next day, he downed three Fokker D.VIIs, two without firing a shot. As he zoomed up from shooting one out of control, he cut off another. This second Fokker pulled up to avoid collision and toppled onto a third Fokker. One of the war's last air battles took place near Leuze on 4 November. King's destruction of two D.VIIs in the space of five minutes, the latter in flames, capped his combat career. His tally of seven victories with the Snipe in the closing days of the war made him the highest-scoring pilot in this type.
King's final wartime score of twenty-six included six aircraft driven down out of control, thirteen aircraft and four balloons destroyed, and three other aircraft destroyed in victories shared with other airmen. This made him second only to Harry Cobby as the most successful ace in the AFC, as well as the fourth most successful of all the Australian aces in the war (his top-scoring compatriots, Robert Little and Roderic (Stan) Dallas, flew with the British Royal Naval Air Service and Royal Air Force). King was recommended for a bar to his DFC, which was upgraded to the Distinguished Service Order and awarded on 3 June 1919. The recommendation noted his victories in the air and described him as having "proved himself a very brilliant patrol leader" and as "a magnificent example at all times to all pilots in the Squadron by his keenness on the ground and gallantry in the air which was of the highest possible order". He was also belatedly mentioned in despatches in July 1919 for his wartime service.
Interbellum and World War II.
Following the end of hostilities, No. 4 Squadron joined the British Army of Occupation at Bickendorf, near Cologne, Germany, in December 1918. The unit returned to England in March 1919, and King sailed with it back to Australia aboard RMS "Kaisar-i-Hind" on 6 May. He left the AFC on 11 August 1919 in Melbourne, before gaining employment as an air courier for Larkin-Sopwith Aviation Co. of Australasia Ltd, which had been co-founded by fighter ace Herbert Larkin. While working for Larkin-Sopwith, King refused an appointment in the newly established Australian Air Corps (AAC)—forerunner of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF)—because it had not then offered a commission to Frank McNamara, VC. In a letter to the AAC selection committee on 30 January 1920, he wrote "I feel I must forfeit my place in favor "(sic)" of this very good and gallant officer"; McNamara received a commission in the AAC that April.
King's career with Larkin-Sopwith involved many pioneering flights. In 1920 alone, flying a Sopwith Gnu, he was credited with making the first aerial deliveries of mail and newspapers to various cities in eastern Australia, and with becoming the first man to land an aircraft at several townships in southern Queensland. He also competed in air races. By April 1922, working with Larkin-Sopwith's successor, Larkin Aircraft Supply Co. Ltd, King was reported as having safely flown 2,000 passengers and throughout Victoria, New South Wales and Queensland. He soon left the aviation business to go into partnership with another pilot, T.T. Shipman, founding Shipman, King and Co. Pty Ltd. Importing and building machinery, the company was successful and allowed King to take up the restoration and racing of motor vehicles. He married Josephine Livingston, twenty, at St John's Anglican Church, Camberwell, on 31 March 1925. The couple had a son and a daughter.
In December 1939, soon after the outbreak of World War II, King joined the RAAF as a squadron leader. Initially considered for general flying duties, he was assigned training commands commencing in the new year. On 2 January 1940, he became the inaugural commanding officer of No. 3 Elementary Flying Training School (No. 3 EFTS) in Essendon, Victoria. Part of Australia's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme, No. 3 EFTS initially comprised a significant civilian presence, many of the aircraft and staff under King's control being from private airline companies and the Royal Victorian Aero Club; by July, all private machines had been pressed into RAAF service and the civilian element largely disappeared. King assumed command of No. 5 Elementary Flying Training School at Narromine, New South Wales, on 21 December. Promoted to wing commander, he took over No. 1 Service Flying Training School at RAAF Point Cook, Victoria, from Group Captain John McCauley on 7 July 1941. In October, King was promoted to acting group captain and posted to command the newly established Station Headquarters Point Cook. He died unexpectedly of cerebral oedema on 28 November, aged forty-seven. Survived by his wife and children, he was cremated at Fawkner Crematorium, Melbourne. His funeral service at South Yarra was attended by hundreds of mourners from the military and civil aviation world, including the Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Sir Charles Burnett, and a representative of the Minister for Air; the pallbearers included Air Vice Marshal Henry Wrigley, Air Commodore Raymond Brownell, Group Captain Allan Walters, and Wing Commander Henry Winneke. King's youngest brother Francis was serving as a flying officer with No. 30 Squadron in New Guinea when he was killed in an aircraft crash on 31 May 1943. Elwyn Roy King's name appears on panel 97 in the Commemorative Area of the Australian War Memorial, Canberra.

</doc>
<doc id="5960472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960472" title="Recluse, Wyoming">
Recluse, Wyoming

Recluse is a small unincorporated community in Campbell County, Wyoming, United States. The origin of how Recluse was named is as follows:
""Well, we've got one that was abandoned over here in western South Dakota on the Indian Reservation. It's called Recluse."...So that's what they took. That's how Recluse got its name to start with, from the post office over there in South Dakota.". The Recluse post office remains active and was started in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="5960473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960473" title="Ronald George">
Ronald George

Ronald George may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5960476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960476" title="Atlantic Northeast">
Atlantic Northeast

The Atlantic Northeast is a region of North America, comprising New Hampshire, Vermont, Maine and the Canadian Maritimes. Definitions of the region vary; it may extend to upstate New York and/or all of Atlantic Canada.
The region is noted for a cultural unity, a stark climate and landscape of dense forests, and a shared economic history in the exploitation of logging and the regional fishery. Further uniting this area is the "Gray Zone" which is an area of land and sea which is claimed by both Canada and the United States. It is located off the coasts of New Brunswick and Maine. The only land within this area are two islands, Machias Seal Island and North Rock. The "Gray Zone" one of four areas between the two countries whose sovereignty is still in dispute, but is the only one of the disputed areas containing land. In 1979, both countries filed a joint application to the International Court of Justice to avoid having the dispute settled when oceanic boundaries in the area were set for mineral and fishing rights. Canadians have had a continuous presence in the area since 1832 when a lighthouse was built.
Though cross-border connections are widely acknowledged, the area has rarely been given a single name. "Atlantic Northeast" is a term that has been used most prominently in discussions of regional folk culture, but other names include "Novacadia", and "Atlantica".
These names are often tied to various proposals for greater economic or political integration of the region.

</doc>
<doc id="5960481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960481" title="Sussex House School">
Sussex House School

Founded in 1952, Sussex House School is a preparatory school situated in the heart of Chelsea, London in a Norman Shaw house at 68 Cadogan Square. A Gymnasium and Music School are housed in a converted chapel in Cadogan Street. The school is an independent charitable trust.
Overview.
There is a full-time teaching staff of 20. Creative subjects are given a strong emphasis and throughout the school boys take music and art. Team sports take place at a nearby park. Cricket is the main summer sport and there are opportunities for tennis, swimming, indoor football and golf. All boys have physical education classes and Sussex House is a centre of excellence for fencing.
Cultural and creative activities play a major role, including theatrical productions in a West End theatre, an annual exhibition of creative work featuring large-scale architectural models and an annual competition of poetry written by boys. There is a strong bias towards music and a programme of choral and orchestral concerts. A large number of pupils play musical instruments and there is a record of musical awards to senior schools. The school provides a range of sporting and cultural trips.
The school has a Church of England affiliation. There is a school chaplain and weekly services are held in St Simon Zelotes Church, Chelsea. Boys of all religions and denominations are welcomed.
Sussex House is one of the principal feeder schools to Eton College.
Trustees and governing body.
Trustees
Governing body

</doc>
<doc id="5960490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960490" title="The Ride (Los Lobos album)">
The Ride (Los Lobos album)

The Ride is the 11th album by Los Lobos. It features numerous guest musicians. The album contains new material and also new versions of earlier Los Lobos songs.

</doc>
<doc id="5960492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960492" title="Thar (Forgotten Realms)">
Thar (Forgotten Realms)

Thar is a location on Faerûn, a fictional continent, the primary setting of the Forgotten Realms.
Description.
Thar, also known as the Great Gray Land, is a rocky, broken moor stretching for hundreds of miles with a harsh climate north of the Moonsea. It is inhabited by wild tribes of humanoids such as orcs who are constantly at war with one another.
Raids.
The many humanoid tribes of Thar carry out attacks on caravans heading to or from Glister, the camps in the Galenas foothills or villages in the Stojanow Vale. In an attempt to keep them in check and bring stability to the area, lords and merchants have been known to create agreements with the tribes to encourage them not to attack, but these agreements break down easily. Scouts, hired adventuring companies and the barbarians of the Ride also venture into Thar to hunt these tribes and destroy any creatures they encounter.
Organizations.
Several organisations exist amongst the tribes of Thar, including the Burning Daggers, fanatical orc worshipers of Kossuth, the Skullsmashers, a fierce tribe of ogres, and the Red Claws, a goblinoid horde.
Climate.
Thar is bleak and windy, and is highly unsuitable for growing crops.
References.
Sources.
3rd Edition D&D

</doc>
<doc id="5960497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960497" title="Sespech">
Sespech

Sespech is a location on Faerûn, a fictional continent, the primary setting of the Forgotten Realms, for "Dungeons & Dragons".
Description.
Sespech is a country that is located in the southwest region of the Vilhon Reach. The nation is ruled by baron Aldorn "Foesmasher" Thuragar, who furthers their independence after once being ruled by Chondath.

</doc>
<doc id="5960503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960503" title="Oahu Interscholastic Association">
Oahu Interscholastic Association

The Oahu Interscholastic Association or OIA is an athletic conference composed of all public secondary schools on the island of Oahu. The OIA was first founded in 1940 as the Rural Oahu Interscholastic Association or ROIA. The five founding schools were Castle High School, Kahuku High School, Leilehua High School, Waialua High & Intermediate School and Waipahu High School. The OIA originally comprised all the rural schools on Oahu, which were all of the schools that were not situated in the main city of Honolulu. This changed however in 1970 with the addition of the five former public school members of the Interscholastic League of Honolulu - Farrington High School, Kaimuki High School, McKinley High School, Roosevelt High School and Kalani High School. After the public Honolulu schools joined, the league changed its identity from the ROIA to simply OIA to reflect the integration of all of the public high schools on the island. 
The OIA now has 24 member schools who compete in 19 different junior varsity and varsity level sports. The league produces a number of quality athletic teams in a number of sports, especially football. The OIA concurs with the Hawaii Board of Education and Hawaii Department of Education in recognizing athletics as an integral part of the educational program of the high school and holds its athletes to a number of academic and behavioral standards.
Mission statement.
The mission of the OIA is to promote unity and cooperation amongst the member schools in the establishment and administration of policies and regulations for implementing an interscholastic athletic program. The association shall stress educational and cultural values, promote skills in competitive activities and foster sportsmanship and mutual respect.
Baseball.
The OIA divides its baseball teams into 4 conferences spanning 2 divisions: OIA Red-East, Red-West, White-East, White-West. The OIA Red conferences compete at the Division I level while OIA White conferences compete at the Division II level.
RED-East
Red-West
WHITE-East
WHITE-East
Football.
The OIA divides its football teams into 3 divisions/conferences: OIA Red-East, Red-West, and White. The OIA Red conferences compete at the Division I level while OIA White teams compete at the Division II level. Teams are realigned every 2 years based on performance of both the varsity and junior varsity.
RED-East
RED-West
WHITE
State Champions and Runners-up.
See: "Oahu Prep Bowl"
Division I.
Teams from the Oahu Interscholastic Association have competed in every Division I State Championship game since the creation of the championship in 1999. The OIA lost the first ever Division I state championship game in 1999 with the St. Louis Crusaders beating the Kahuku Red Raiders 19-0. In total, the OIA is 8-6 in the Division I State Championship.
Kahuku High School holds the current record for the most appearances (8) and wins (6) in the OIA and the state for the Division I title. Kahuku is also the current Division I champion after beating Punahou School 42-20 on November 23, 2012.
Division II.
Teams from the OIA have competed in the Division II State Championship game 6 of the 10 times it was held from 2003-2012. The OIA has won only 2 (in 2003 and 2004).
Aiea High School and Campbell High School are the only 2 OIA schools to have won the HHSAA Division II State Championship. Radford High School holds the record for most appearances by the OIA with 2 (2005 and 2008). Iolani School currently holds the state record for most Division II State Championships with 7 wins of 8 appearances (including a 6-game winning streak since 2007).
OIA Football Playoffs Bracket 2009.
RED Division
RED-West Seeding
RED-East Seeding
Note: Will advance to play for HHSAA DI championship playoff. see HHSAA DI football championship bracket.
WHITE Division
Note:
OIA Football Playoffs Bracket 2010.
RED Division
RED-West Seeding
^ Clinched State Tournament Berth
RED-East Seeding
Note: 
WHITE Division
Note:
OIA Football Playoffs Bracket 2011 to Present.
OIA Football Playoff Brackets for seasons 2011 to present can be found in their respective OIA season pages.
OIA Sports.
Baseball | Basketball (boys and girls) | Bowling | Cheerleading | Cross Country | Football | Golf | Judo | Paddling | Riflery | Soccer (boys and girls) | Softball | Soft Tennis | Swimming | Tennis | Track and Field | Volleyball (boys and girls) | Water Polo | Wrestling |

</doc>
<doc id="5960505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960505" title="Alice Salomon University">
Alice Salomon University

The Alice Salomon University of Applied Sciences Berlin (, or ASH) is a vocational university in Berlin, Germany.
History.
The university was founded in 1899 by Alice Salomon, a strong advocate for women's rights and social justice. During its early years it was named the "Social School for Women". It admitted only women applicants until 1945. It was renamed the Alice Salomon School in 1932 in commemoration of Salomon's 60th birthday. In 1933, the Nazi Party came to power and Alice Salomon was banned from the school and a large number of instructors of Jewish descent were fired. In 1937, Alice Salomon was expelled from Germany and emigrated to the United States. It was not until 1954 that the school reinstated the name "Alice Salomon School".
The school was recognized as a State University of Applied Sciences for Social Work and Social Pedagogy in 1971 and was granted the right to confer degrees, although it once again lost the name "Alice Salomon". In 1991, the 'Alice Salomon University of Applied Sciences' was established as the official name of the university.
Today.
The Alice-Salomon University is now Germany's oldest and largest training institution of higher education in social work. It is recognized as one of Germany's most research-intensive universities of applied sciences in the social field. One of the cornerstones of the University is applied research.
The modern university building is situated in the district of Berlin named Hellersdorf, nicknamed "Helle-Mitte" (Bright Centre). The square on which the building is located is named after Alice Salomon. Cooperation between the University and the district of Hellersdorf include community projects involving children and youth and the issue of urban development.

</doc>
<doc id="5960506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960506" title="Chihuahua (song)">
Chihuahua (song)

"Chihuahua" is the title of a song recorded by Swiss artist DJ BoBo. It was the first single from his tenth album, "Visions", and was released in late 2002 and early 2003 in many countries. It was his most successful single, topping the charts in France and Switzerland and becoming one the summer hit of the year. It can also be considered as DJ BoBo's signature song.
Song information.
"Chihuahua" is based on Louis Oliveira and his Bandodalua Boys' Latin hit single of the same name.
The song, which was accompanied with a choreographed dance, was used for a French TV advert for Coca-Cola. There were two music videos, the first one having been produced as an animated feature.
"Chihuahua" also features on DJ BoBo's compilations "Chihuahua" (2002) and "Greatest Hits" (2006), and on the live albums "Live in Concert" (2003) and "Vampires Are Alive - The Show" (2008).
It is the 77th best-selling single of all time in France.
Cover versions.
In 2003, the song was covered by The Booming People, and achieved a moderate success (#60 in France, #3 in Belgium (Flanders) and #2 in Belgium (Wallonia).
In 2003, the Brazilian singer Eliana sings the Brazilian version of the song.
In December 2004, the song was covered by Cantopop singer Joey Yung.
In 2008, the Belgian child trio Dalton Sisters covered the song in Dutch for the Dutch version of Beverly Hills Chihuahua.

</doc>
<doc id="5960519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960519" title="The Curiosity of Chance">
The Curiosity of Chance

The Curiosity of Chance is a 2006 comedy film directed by Russell P. Marleau, produced by Bigfoot Entertainment and starring Tad Hilgenbrink.
Plot.
In 1980s Europe, flamboyant and gay 16-year-old Chance Marquis shows up at an international high school in a top hat and tails, immediately attracting the attention of the "queer-hating" resident bully, among others. Through his involvement in the school newspaper, he meets an introverted photographer with a mysterious briefcase, and while practicing tennis, he befriends a catty fashionista, both of whom act as his wingmen in his new high school. He also meets the jock-next-door, with whom he forms a tentative friendship, despite the jock's cacophonous group of friends. The film follows Chance through a year of high school, with its attendant drama, successes, and hijinks—including sneaking into a drag bar, where Chance begins to explore his true self.
Themes underscored throughout the film include facing one's fears as one grows into adulthood, and the barriers that people put up in order to cope with life. Chance claims to be strong with his nonchalant attitude, but when photos of him in drag show up all over school, Chance must face his own preachings of staying true to oneself.

</doc>
<doc id="5960521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960521" title="Šokačko sijelo">
Šokačko sijelo

Šokačko sijelo, also called just "sijelo" or a "Šokac jamboree", is a festival of the Šokci in Croatia, which highlights local culture and traditions.
The event is held over a nine-day period – in February, featuring the numerous traditional customs and the folklore of Slavonia and other parts of Croatia.
The Šokac Jamboree is always held on carnival days and now has become the largest traditional event in the area of Posavina near Županja.

</doc>
<doc id="5960524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960524" title="Joseph Gaudet">
Joseph Gaudet

Joseph Gaudet (May 10, 1818 – August 4, 1882) was a Quebec farmer and political figure. He represented Nicolet in the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative Party of Canada member from 1867 to 1877. He represented Nicolet in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1867 to 1871.
He was born Joseph Godet in Gentilly, Lower Canada in 1818 and became a farmer in that region. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Nicolet in 1858; he was reelected in 1861 and 1863 as a member of the parti bleu. In 1867, he was elected to both the federal and provincial parliaments. He supported the "Programme catholique", an election manifesto developed in 1871 with the support of bishop Ignace Bourget and Monsignor Louis-François Laflèche, which led to his support by the Catholic clergy in Quebec. In 1877, he was named to the Legislative Council of Quebec for Kennebec division and he served until his death in Gentilly in 1882.
His son Athanese also later represented Nicolet in the House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5960525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960525" title="Sebastián Ariel Romero">
Sebastián Ariel Romero

Sebastián Ariel Romero (born 27 April 1978 in Berisso), nicknamed "Chirola", is an Argentine professional footballer who currently plays for Quilmes. Romero is 1.73m tall and right-footed.
Career.
While playing for Gimnasia y Esgrima (LP), Romero came to prominence as a key member of Argentina Under-20's victorious 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship team in Malaysia. He has played for clubs in Argentina, Spain, France, and Greece. After 3 seasons at Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata, he moved to Europe to play for Real Betis, Toulouse FC, and Córdoba CF.
In 2002, Romero transferred back to Argentina for 1.5 million dollars to play for Racing Club, and played 4 seasons for Racing before leaving Argentina again, this time to play for Panathinaikos. In Panathinaikos, he played for two seasons. Then, in 2008, he came back to Gimnasia to help in its fight against relegation. He had a very good season in 2008-2009, but his 2009-2010 season was mediocre, falling out of favor with Diego Cocca, the then coach of Gimnasia. In both seasons, Gimnasia was able to stay in Argentina's top league.
Romero joined Banfield for the 2010-11 Argentine Primera División season. Then, in July 2011, he joined Quilmes, then in Argentina's second division. Quilmes won promotion to the top league at the end of the 2011-2012 season. He signed to stay in Quilmes for another season.
He has one cap with the national team of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="5960531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960531" title="Johan Vansummeren">
Johan Vansummeren

Johan Vansummeren (born 4 February 1981) is a Belgian professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam . After two years in the amateur ranks, Vansummeren turned professional with in 2004.
Although Vansummeren's role is primarily that of a domestique, he competes as a team captain during the classic season. In 2011, Vansummeren won the biggest race of his career, Paris–Roubaix. Vansummeren won the race after escaping from three other riders with remaining, winning by nineteen seconds at the velodrome in Roubaix. He was victorious, despite riding the final with a flat tire.
Vansummeren was born, raised, and resides in Lommel, Flanders, Belgium.
__NOTOC__
Palmarès.
Sources:
Grand Tour general classification results timeline.
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP.

</doc>
<doc id="5960536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960536" title="Newmerella, Victoria">
Newmerella, Victoria

Newmerella is a small township five kilometres west of Orbost, in Victoria, Australia. The Newmerella town and area has a population of 336. The township has one service station and a school (Newmerella Primary School) and is serviced by a school bus from Newmerella to Orbost for students attending Orbost Secondary College.

</doc>
<doc id="5960542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960542" title="Julio Cobos">
Julio Cobos

Julio César Cleto Cobos (born April 30, 1955) is an Argentine politician, serving as the Vice President of Argentina in the administration of President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner from 2007 to 2011. He started his political career as member of the Radical Civic Union party (UCR), becoming Governor of the Province of Mendoza in 2003. He was expelled from the UCR in 2007, and was then selected by presidential candidate Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, of the Frente para la Victoria party (Front for Victory or FPV), as her candidate for vice-president in the elections of that year, which they won.
His popular prestige got a big boost in 2008, when the Senate was voting on a controversial and contentious law to increase taxes on grain exports. The voting ended in a tie, which gave Cobos, as President of the Senate, the deciding vote. In a stunning and now notorious move, he voted against the law. This led to strong criticism from his party, who deemed him a traitor, and approval from sectors of the population that opposed the government. As he further distanced himself from the FPV, the UCR revoked his expulsion from the party. By 2010, he was considered a potential candidate for the 2011 presidential elections.
Biography.
Early life.
Julio Cobos was born in 1955 in the city of Godoy Cruz, Mendoza. His parents are Fermín and Asunción, and he has two older brothers. He studied high school in the Military Liceum, and later in the Universidad Tecnológica Nacional (UTN). He graduated from construction engineering in 1979 and civil engineering in 1988. In 1980 he got married with Cristina Cerutti, having three sons. He later stayed at the UTN as teacher. 
He got promoted to Dean of the local chapter of the UTN, in the 1997-2001 term, but requested licence from 1999 to 2001 to work in politics. he was later reelected for the 2001-2005 term.
Governor of Mendoza.
He joined the UCR in 1991 and took public office as an official in the municipality of Mendoza then as minister of Environment and Public Works in the government of Mendoza Province 1999–2000. He was dean of the regional faculty of the Universidad Tecnológica Nacional 1997–2003. He was elected governor in 2003, heading a coalition between Radicals with Recrear and Federalists.
After his election, Cobos became a leading supporter of Peronist President Néstor Kirchner in Radical ranks, taking a more left-wing position. He was in dispute with other Radicals in Mendoza, led by former governor Roberto Iglesias, now Radical leader, over his support for Kirchner and their desire to back another presidential candidate in the 2007 elections. Mendoza's constitution does not allow re-election; however Cobos supported Celso Jaque to take office in 2007 on the same slate as Kirchner.
Vice Presidency: 2007–2011.
Cobos was asked by Cristina Fernández de Kirchner to stand as her running mate in 2007 heading the Front for Victory slate. He accepted her offer and was consequently expelled by the Radicals in July 2007. Having won the election, Cobos was sworn in as Vice President in December 2007.
On July 17, 2008, Cobos, as Vice President and leader of the Argentine Senate, cast the deciding vote rejecting an increase in grain export taxes. This controversial bill had led to economic and social instability in Argentina, with mass protests both for and against the government. Cobos had been expected to back President Fernández de Kirchner. "I think today is the most difficult day of my life", Cobos said. "They tell me I must go along with the government for institutional reasons, but my heart tells me otherwise. May history judge me, my vote is not for, it's against." Cobos has said that the move defused tensions in the country between farmers and the state.
Cobos' car managed to escape an attempted hijacking.
Cobos refused to step down, while Fernandez had not asked for his resignation, as his approval rating has been double that of hers in some polls.
Some parts of the media have considered him a potential presidential candidate for president in the 2011 elections since the raise of his public image during the voting in the Congress, though other parts of the media do not agree on that saying his image is falling abruptly.
In July 2010, he returned to the Radical Civic Union headquarters, where he was greeted by party officials Gerardo Morales, Ernesto Sanz, Ricardo Alfonsín and Oscar Aguad. They agreed to work on a plan to govern the country towards the 2011 full term elections.

</doc>
<doc id="5960545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960545" title="Everyone Loves You">
Everyone Loves You

Everyone Loves You is the debut full-length album by German electronic duo Naomi, which was released on April 23, 2002 on Mole Listening Pearls.

</doc>
<doc id="5960558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960558" title="C. J. Cutcliffe Hyne">
C. J. Cutcliffe Hyne

Charles John Cutcliffe Wright Hyne (1866–1944), also known by the pen name Weatherby Chesney, was a novelist. He is perhaps best remembered as the author of "", which was published as part of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series, as well as his Captain Kettle stories.
Captain Kettle first appeared as a side character in the novel "Honour of Thieves" (1895). His first appearance as a main character was in the short story 'Stealing a President' in vol 1, issue 6 of Pearson's magazine (1896). This initial short story was followed in 1897 by a series of twelve short stories again in "Pearson's Magazine" that were later collected and published as "Adventures of Captain Kettle". Over the next four years two more sets of twelve stories were published in "Pearson's" magazine and subsequently collected as "Further Adventures of Captain Kettle" ("A master of fortune" in the US) and "Captain Kettle K. C. B." respectively.
Catain Kettle is said to be based on a South Shields sea captain, Davey Proffit, whose physical appearance closely matched the descriptions in the books.

</doc>
<doc id="5960583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960583" title="Janaki String Trio">
Janaki String Trio

The Janaki String Trio was founded at the Colburn School in 2005. The string trio is based in Los Angeles, California. The Janaki quickly rose to prominence with a repertoire displaying a vast range from Beethoven to Penderecki.
In 2006, the Janaki won the Concert Artists Guild International Competition, becoming the first string trio to receive the honor since 1978 [http://www.concertartists.org/people.htm].
Members of the Janaki have studied with Kim Kashkashian, Isodore Cohen, Sylvia Rosenberg, and the Guarneri Quartet, the Juilliard String Quartet, the Cleveland Quartet, the Orion String Quartet, and the Takacs Quartet. Currently, the Janaki studies individually and collectively with Robert Lipsett, Paul Coletti, and Ronald Leonard.

</doc>
<doc id="5960588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960588" title="Nelanther Isles">
Nelanther Isles

The Nelanther Isles is a location on Faerûn, a fictional continent, the primary setting of the Forgotten Realms, for "Dungeons & Dragons".
Description.
The Nelanther Isles are a widely scattered chain of nearly one thousand islands west of Amn and Tethyr in the Trackless Sea. More than half the islands lack potable water and are an unfit place to live. The hundreds of islands that can support life are fought over by ruthless pirates who tend to prey upon the shipping of lines Amn, Tethyr, Calimshan, the Sword Coast and the Moonshae Isles.
Among the hundreds of islands, only the largest of the islands are named. Only a handful of these names are known to the mainlanders, while the pirate captains know them like the back of their hands. The bulk of the Nelanther pirates have never been captured due to the multitude of hiding places among the islands. Mainlander maps show many of the main islands and many of the minor islands, but not the shoals, currents, small exposed or submerged islets, and other hazards amond the inner Nelanther.
Aside from their shared acts violence and larceny, the Nelanthers have surprisingly little in common with the Pirate Isles of the Dragon Coast. The Nelanthers' pirates are nonhumans such as orcs, lizardfolk, ogres and minotaurs. These various races and factions wage war on each other as often as they do with outsiders.
Life and society.
The reavers of the Nelanther Isles are entirely honorless pirates that torture their victims, leaving them to horrible deaths. The Nelanther youth are born into the society's violence and their only escape is death, typically while still young. Nearly all fit adults fight aboard ships, while weak and crippled children who somehow survive are left ashore to make repair ships or salvage wrecks.
Geography.
The known islands among the pirate captains are:
Notable locations.
Except for a couple of smaller settlements, the pirates of the Nelanther Isles live in their ships or in huts that can be abandoned at a moment's notice.

</doc>
<doc id="5960603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960603" title="HeadOn">
HeadOn

HeadOn is the brand name of a topical product claimed to relieve headaches. It achieved widespread notoriety in 2006 as a result of a repetitive commercial, consisting only of the tagline "HeadOn. Apply directly to the forehead," stated three times in succession. Originally sold as a homeopathic preparation, the brand was transferred to Sirvision, Inc. in 2008, who re-introduced the product with a new formulation.
Commercial.
HeadOn's notoriety came in part due to its advertisements on cable and daytime programming on broadcast television which consisted of using only the tagline "HeadOn. Apply directly to the forehead," stated three times in succession, accompanied by a video of a model using the product without ever directly stating the product's purpose.
On September 18, 2006, a new advertisement debuted on US channels; the opening is the same as the original HeadOn, with the words "HeadOn, apply directly" occurring before the sound fizzles out while a person walks on and mocks the tagline, stating "HeadOn, I can't stand your commercial, but your product is amazing!", "HeadOn, I hate your commercial! But I love your product.", or "HeadOn, your commercial is so annoying, but you've got a great product!" As of June 2007, the advertisement has changed again -- this time to a chorus of people saying "Head on, apply directly to the forehead?", a single announcer repeating "apply directly to the forehead", and then the chorus doing the same thing. This newer ad also features a slow-motion version of the model using the product.
Manufacturer Miralus Healthcare decided not to include any factual claims about the product in the spots after the National Advertising Division of the Better Business Bureau objected to the claim that HeadOn provided "fast, safe, effective" headache relief made in an earlier spot. A previous campaign included the phrase "Should I know about HeadOn?"
Miralus Healthcare used focus groups to try a number of potential commercials, with one focused solely on repetition; the focus groups recalled the ads much more than with any other method, although many people considered the ads annoying. Dan Charron, vice president of sales and marketing at Miralus, told the "Los Angeles Times" that nobody in the focus groups had told him that the ads were annoying.
Reception.
The commercial led to a number of parodies appearing on Web sites such as YouTube, "USA Today" reports, including extended versions of the ad which loop the repetitive tagline for durations upwards of ten minutes, and it has since become an internet meme. The technophile magazine "Make" describes how to turn it into a ring tone. The commercial is parodied in the 2008 spoof film, "Disaster Movie".
Ownership transfer.
On September 26, 2008, ownership of the HeadOn brand and its manufacture were transferred to Sirvision, inc. of North America. Sirvision re-introduced HeadOn with a new formulation, claiming it now contains "a clinically proven active ingredient for topical headache relief." There were no peer reviewed studies showing that the original HeadOn formula worked and the scientific consensus is that homeopathic preparations do not help beyond the placebo effect. The new formulation has not yet been investigated.
Sirvision Inc, which bought the product line, have stated that they intend to refocus the infamous advertisements in a "scientific direction".
Other products.
Three related products are currently produced by former manufacturer of HeadOn Miralus Healthcare:
A homeopathic hemorrhoid cream, FREEdHem, was withdrawn from the market. Like HeadOn, FREEdHem featured repetition in its ads, which said "Freedom from hemorrhoids, FREEdHem hemorrhoid cream" or "FREEdHem, the only one-application hemorrhoidal cream" three times.
Ingredients.
The original homeopathic formula was purportedly developed at the Herpolscheimer clinic in Graz, Austria. It was originally distributed by Miralus Healthcare.
As of September 2008, there are two versions of HeadOn available in stores: "Extra Strength" and "Migraine". Chemical analysis of the Migraine formulation has shown that the product consists almost entirely of wax. The three "active ingredients" are iris versicolor 12× (a toxic flower), white bryony 12× (a type of toxic vine), and potassium dichromate 6× (a known carcinogen). The "×" notation indicates that the three chemicals have been diluted to 1 part per trillion, 1 part per trillion, and 1 part per million respectively. This amount of dilution is so great that the product has been described as a placebo; with skeptic James Randi calling it a "major medical swindle". The formula for the Extra Strength version of the product is the same as the Migraine except that it excludes the iris versicolor.
Seymour Diamond, director of the Diamond Headache Clinic in Chicago and the inpatient headache unit at St. Joseph Hospital, was quoted as saying "I see nothing in this product that has any validity whatsoever." "Consumer Reports" states that no clinical-trial data involving HeadOn have been presented, and that "any apparent efficacy may be the result of the placebo effect." 
Correspondence was published with a statement from "HeadOn "Customer Service that "It works through the nerves."

</doc>
<doc id="5960610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960610" title="Nimmons">
Nimmons

Nimmons can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5960613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960613" title="Sotiris Leontiou">
Sotiris Leontiou

Sotiris Leontiou (Greek: Σωτήρης Λεοντίου; born on 17 July 1984 in Ioannina, Greece) is a Greek footballer who plays for Fostiras F.C. in the Football League (Greece), as defensive midfielder or as a left full back. 
Career.
He started his playing carrier when he was a teenager in the Panathinaikos F.C. Academies. After spending some years in Panathinaikos as an amateur he was finally given a chance to prove his worth as he was given on loan to FC Marko Markopoulo for 2 seasons (2001–2003). While playing for FC Marko he played a total of 38 league matches and scored 11 goals. In the 04/05 season he was given again on loan, this time in Proodeftiki FC and played 26 matches and scored 2 goals.
At the beginning of the 05/06 season, he returned to Panathinaikos first team where he signed a new 5 year contract and became an integral part of the team in the Greek Superleague. Unfortunately torn ligament injury sidelined him for two full seasons. He returned in training around January 2009 but he failed to appear in any games.
At his 1 year loan spell in Kavala FC in 09-10, he managed to earn his first cap against PAOK FC, playing for 9 minutes. He returned at the end of the 09/10 season on the Panathinaikos roster and was again loaned at Ilioupoli F.C. for the 2010–2011 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5960622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960622" title="Jagadish Gupta">
Jagadish Gupta

Jagadish Gupta () (July, 1886 - 15 April 1957) was an Indian poet, novelist and short story writer. Known for his realistic view of life, strange character portrayal and unique narrative style, he was one of the major exponents of modern Bengali literature.
Born as Jagadish Chandra Sengupta in Kushtia, Bengal Presidency, he studied in Calcutta and later took up work as a ‘job-typist’ at the Judge’s Court in Seuri. He also worked at Executive Engineer’s office in Sambalpur, Orissa, at Patna High Court and at Bolpur Chawki Adalat as a typist. After retirement from his job, he settled in Calcutta. The Government of India granted him a ‘Distinguished Man of Letters Allowance’ in 1954.
Gupta’s stories had been published in periodicals like "Bharati", "Bijoli", "Uttara", "Kali-Kalam" and "Kallol". His first novel "Asadhu Siddhartha" was published in 1928. Some of his other notable works include "Binodini", "Udaylekha", "Meghabrito Ashani", "Dulaler Dola", "Nishedher Patabhumikay", "Loghu Guru" etc.
Life.
Jagadish Gupta was born at Kushtia, Nadia district (now in Kushtia district, Bangladesh) to Kailash Chandra Sengupta and Saudamini Devi. His birth name was Jagadish Chandra Sengupta which he never used in his literary career. He was born on July, 1886; but the exact date of his birth is unknown. As a child Gupta went to the village "pathshala" (primary school) run by Ramlal Saha. Later he came away to Calcutta and was admitted into City Collegiate School from where he passed Matriculation Examination in 1905 and admitted to the Ripon College (now Surendranath College). He started writing poems in this time. After passing First Arts Examination, he started learning stenography and typing. He got married to Charubala Sengupta of Osmanpur, Nadia in 1906. He gave up his studies at Ripon College in 1907 and he took up a job as a ‘job-typist’ at Seuri District Judge’s Court in 1908. That was not a regular salaries job but he would be paid remuneration against the work he did. In 1912, he was appointed as a regular salaried typist in the office of the Executive Engineer in Sambalpur, Orissa. In 1918, he took up the job of a salaried typist at Patna High Court but resigned from the job in 1924 and vowed never to took up a job again though his financial condition compelled him to take up a typist’s job in Bolpur Chowki Adalat in 1927. In 1944, he retired form his job and left Bolpur to settle in Calcutta where he stayed at the house of Kshitish Gupta at the Lake Market area. In 1950, he shifted to his own house at Jadavpur and started bringing up a girl named Sukumari. In 1954, the Government of India granted him a ‘Distinguished Man of Letters Allowance’ of Rupees 150 which was later reduced to Rupees 75. He died of a head injury in his Calcutta residency on 15 April 1957.
Works.
Jagadish Gupta started his writing career as a poet and later, became a famous short story writer.
Poems.
Jagadish Gupta started his literary career as a poet. He contributed poems to journals like "Uttara", "Prabasi", "Bharatbarsha" and "Sonar Bangla". He had written many poems throughout his life, but little of these were published. He did not represent the Anti-Tagore movement of modern Bengali poetry, which was the trend of his times, although he imitated none. His first Collection of poems, "Akshara" was published in 1932. "Kashyap o Surabhi", a collection of twelve narrative poems featuring Achyutananda, an ordinary man who expresses the poet’s wishes and unfulfilled desires, is another notable work by Gupta. Many of his later poems appeared in the journals "Hindu" and "Jugantar". His last published work "Bishakto Bandar" appeared in the annual autumnal issue of "Jugantar". It is known that Gupta wished to publish another collection of poems titled "Tulsi", but whether this collection was ever published is unconfirmed.
Short stories.
Gupta’s first short story "Paying Guest" appeared in "Bijoli" in 1904 and his first collection of stories, "Binodini" was published in 1927. Only nine of his collections of stories now survive: "Udaylekha", "Upayan", "Pike Sri Mihir Pramanik", "Binodini", "Meghabrita", "Ashani", "Ruper Bahire", "Shashanka Kabiraajer Stree", "Srimati" and "Jagadish Guptar Swa-Nirbachita Galpa". “The stories he wrote on psychological themes,” observes Chattopadhyay, “are as subtle as they are varied. Moreover he wrote stories based on some strange tendencies of human nature about which we are not always aware, and which are illuminated only by the light of subtle observation.” He wrote one hundred and twenty five stories. Some of his notable stories are "Payomukham", "Chandrasurya Jatadin", "Asha o Ami", "Har", "Pike Sri Mihir Pramanik", "Ami o Debrajer Stree" etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5960630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960630" title="Frontpage (TV series)">
Frontpage (TV series)

Frontpage is the title of a Malaysian television drama created by Kabir Bhatia and Mira Mustaffa, which tells the adventures of the journalists of a fictional newspaper publisher, inspired by events which grabbed the headlines in Malaysian papers throughout history. "Frontpage" is jointly produced by The Star newspaper, broadcaster ntv7 and Filmscape, a production house owned by Juita Viden.
Overwiew.
"Frontpage" tells of the main characters as the staff of Malaysia's top newspaper "The Voice", consisting of Andrea Ng (Bernie Chan) the news desk editor and all the journalists under her supervision, which consist of seasoned rivals Jack Lee (Tony Eusoff) and Dylan Pereira (Jehan Miskin), joined by newcomer Nerina Rahman (Cheryl Samad). All of them as part of a newspaper tackle a capricious profession for the sake of scooping the best for their readers. Each episode is actually adapted from real headline-grabbers from local dailies throughout the past quarter-century.

</doc>
<doc id="5960631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960631" title="Nininger">
Nininger

Nininger can refer to:
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5960641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960641" title="Pottenstein, Bavaria">
Pottenstein, Bavaria

Pottenstein is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 23 km southwest of Bayreuth, and 26 km east of Forchheim.
History.
During World War II, a subcamp of Flossenbürg concentration camp was located here.
Geography.
The city of Pottenstein, altitude 350–614 m AMSL, with its nearly 1,500 inhabitants, is a health-resort in Franconian Switzerland. It nestles at the convergence of the Püttlach, Weihersbach and Haselbrunn valleys surrounded by high cliffs and at the foot of the 1000-year-old castle, which has played an important role throughout the city's history.
Tourist attractions.
Saint Elisabeth, widow of Ludwig IV, Landgrave of Thuringia, was held hostage within its walls from 1228 to 1229. Many buildings bear her name even today. According to legend, while she was being threatened, the eggs and lard in her basket were transformed into beautiful roses — a local adaptation of the famous Miracle of the roses. Since 2004 there has been a marked walking route through the town, known as the "Elisabeth Route". 
The market square, with its statue of Saint Elisabeth, the Catholic Church, shops, restaurants and hotels form the central area of the city. The guestrooms are mostly in the residential areas, in the valleys leading out of the centre of town and in and above the cliffs overlooking the town. Easily reached from all the residential areas is the health centre with its massage department/medical swim therapy department, station for respiratory illnesses in Devil's Cave, the Kneipp facility, the tourist information centre, the park, putting green, tennis courts, Schöngrund Lake with its rowing boats and pedalos, the "summer bobsleigh route". the "Felsenbad" (between the rocks), and golfcourse. There are 450 kilometres of marked paths for walking.

</doc>
<doc id="5960645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960645" title="David Kopp">
David Kopp

David Kopp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5960647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960647" title="Competition Act 1998">
Competition Act 1998

The Competition Act 1998 is the current major source of competition law in the United Kingdom, along with the Enterprise Act 2002. The act provides an updated framework for identifying and dealing with restrictive business practices and abuse of a dominant market position. 
One of the main purposes of this act was to harmonise the UK with EU competition policy, with Chapter I and II of the act mirroring the content of Articles 81 and 82 of the Treaty of Amsterdam. (Formally Articles 85 and 86 of the Treaty of Rome).
Chapter I Prohibitions.
Deals with restrictive practices engaged by companies operating within the UK that distort, restrict or prevent competition. These are primarily in the form of horizontal agreements (agreements to collude between firms on the same level of the supply chain such as retailers or wholesalers). These agreements could be to limit output, collusively share information, fix prices, tender collectively and share markets out.
Office of Fair Trading (OFT) is responsible for prosecuting such firms who engage in these activities, and are able to levy fines up to 10% of annual UK turnover for every year in which a violation has taken place up to a maximum of 3 years.
Exemptions from prohibition are available if the firm can demonstrate that these practices are in the interest of the consumer through increasing market efficiencies or advancing technical progress.
Chapter II Prohibitions.
Chapter II deals with the abuse of a dominant position by a firm who uses practices such as
predatory pricing, excessive prices, refusal to supply, vertical restraints and price discrimination to maximise profit, gain competitive advantage or otherwise restrict competition.
In investigating alleged breaches of chapter II a two stage process is involved. Firstly it must be identified if the firm actually possesses a dominant market position. This can be done through various concentration indices such as the Herfindahl-Hirchman Index (HHI). Generally if a firm is found to have a market share in excess of 40% then it is considered a threat to competition.
There are no exemptions to chapter II as by its very definition as "abuse" of a market position, one must be guilty of wrongdoing for the chapter to apply.
An example of the effects of the act is that in 2004, public schools were investigated for fee-fixing by the Office of Fair Trading, and in 2005 fifty of the leading schools (including Ampleforth, Eton, Charterhouse, Gresham's, Harrow, Haileybury, Marlborough, Rugby, Shrewsbury, Stowe, Wellington and Winchester) were ordered to raise £3 million between them to be spent on charities nominated by the pupils of the schools involved in the years 2001-2003, and were banned from further sharing of information on their fees.

</doc>
<doc id="5960659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960659" title="Heinz Zednik">
Heinz Zednik

Heinz Zednik (born February 21, 1940) is an Austrian operatic tenor, closely associated with the character tenor roles of Wagner such as Mime and Loge ("Der Ring des Nibelungen") and David ("Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg"). He is also distinguished in roles such as Valzacchi ("Der Rosenkavalier"), Monostatos ("The Magic Flute"), Pedrillo ("Die Entführung aus dem Serail"), the Scribe ("Khovanshchina"), the Captain in "Wozzeck", and the Director (Luciano Berio's "Un re in ascolto"). 
Zednik studied singing in Vienna before making his professional opera début in 1964 at Graz as Maestro Trabuco in "La forza del destino". Shortly thereafter he was engaged by the Vienna State Opera where he remains a member to this day. He appeared at the Bayreuth Festival annually from 1970 through 1980, and was seen as the successor to Gerhard Stolze. During his time at the festival, he sang Loge and Mime in the "Jahrhundertring" ("Centenary Ring") in 1976, celebrating the centenary of both the festival and the first performance of the complete cycle, conducted by Pierre Boulez and staged by Patrice Chéreau, recorded and filmed in 1979 and 1980.
Zednik made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1981 as Mime in "Das Rheingold". He returned to that house numerous times through 1998 in such roles as Don Basilio in "The Marriage of Figaro", the Dancing Master in "Ariadne auf Naxos", Monostatos, Pedrillo, and Prince Shuisky in "Boris Godunov". 
He played Mime in the 1990 PBS broadcast from the Metropolitan Opera, for the largest viewing-audience (world-wide) of the Ring in history.

</doc>
<doc id="5960677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960677" title="Premnitz">
Premnitz

Premnitz is a town in the Havelland district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Havel, 8 km south of Rathenow, 21 km northwest of Brandenburg, and is only 75 km west of central Berlin, to where it is well connected by the railway and road networks. The surrounding landscape is very rural and forested in its make up.
Overview.
In order to counteract the economic impact of the decline of the synthetic fibres industry, a lot of effort is being expended so as to utilise a mix of industries, more in tune with the demand for industry that is in harmony with contemporary environmental policies. One such example is Firstwood: a factory which specialises in the theromo-tretament of soft, locally grown and harvested pine, so that it is as resilient to the elements as many of its hardwood alternatives.
It is also envisaged that because of the town's proximity to Berlin and Potsdam, for example, and the development of high quality recreational facilities, Premnitz may be considered as a good place to live and commute to work, as an alternative to living in the city.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5960685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960685" title="David Kopp (cyclist)">
David Kopp (cyclist)

David Kopp (born 5 January 1979 in Bonn) is a former German road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2001 and 2011. Kopp's speciality was sprinting and the cobbled classics of Belgium. 
Kopp started his pro career with in 2001 before moving to smaller German teams for 2004 and 2005. In 2006, he returned to top level cycling with for two years before moving to Pro Continental team Cycle Collstrop in 2008. He did not get a contract for 2009.
In March 2009, it was announced that he tested positive for Cocaine during a National event in Belgium on 11 September 2008.
In February 2010, it was announced that Kopp will ride for the Team Kuota-Indeland on a one-year contract for 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5960687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960687" title="Pressath">
Pressath

Pressath is a municipality in the district of Neustadt (Waldnaab), in Bavaria, Germany. Pressath was founded in 1657. It is situated 20 km northwest of Weiden in der Oberpfalz and ca. 7 km north of Grafenwöhr.

</doc>
<doc id="5960691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960691" title="John Stewart, Earl of Buchan">
John Stewart, Earl of Buchan

John Stewart, Earl of Buchan (c. 1381 – 17 August 1424) was a Scottish nobleman and soldier who fought alongside Scotland's French allies during the Hundred Years War. In 1419 he was sent to France by his father the Duke of Albany, Regent of Scotland, with an army of 6,000 men. Stewart led the combined Franco-Scottish army at the Battle of Baugé on 21 March 1421, where he comprehensively defeated the English forces, proving that the English could at last be beaten.
However, two years later, Stewart was defeated and captured by Thomas Montacute, 4th Earl of Salisbury at the Battle of Cravant in 1423. After the battle he was exchanged, and after his release in 1424 he was appointed Constable of France making him the effective Commander-in-Chief of the French army. On 17 August 1424 Buchan was killed at the disastrous Battle of Verneuil, along with most of the Scottish troops in France.
Early life.
Stewart was born c.1381, the son of Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany and his second wife Muriella Keith. He succeeded to the Earldom of Buchan after the death of his uncle Alexander Stewart, Earl of Buchan (the Wolf of Badenoch), in 1405. In 1406 the Duke of Albany became Regent of Scotland, making him the most powerful man in Scotland, king in all but name. His father, Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany, was grandfather to Euphemia II, Countess of Ross and persuaded her to resign her rights to his son. Stewart appears as Earl of Ross for a time, until his right was challenged by Domhnall of Islay, Lord of the Isles, for his wife, who successfully became known as Mariota, or Mary Leslie, Countess of Ross.
Family.
Stewart married Elizabeth Douglas (1385x1401–c.1451), daughter of Archibald Douglas, 4th Earl of Douglas. They had just one child, Margaret Stewart (before 1425–before 1461), who married George Seton, 1st Lord Seton.
Hundred Years War.
In 1419 Stewart's father sent him to France with an army of 6,000 men to fight in the Hundred Years' War, sailing to La Rochelle in a Spanish fleet. At first Stewart's soldiers prove unpopular amongst the French, owing to their fondness for food and drink, but success in battle would make the Scottish army extremely welcome in France. Stewart was commander of the combined Franco-Scottish army at the battle of Baugé on 21 March 1421, where he won a great victory over the English, the first major setback suffered by the English armies during the Hundred Years War since the reign of Richard II. Buchan had been appointed by the Dauphin to defend Anjou against the Duke of Clarence, brother of King Henry V. Clarence was among the first to fall, wounded by Sir John Swinton and dispatched by Buchan's battle axe.
Baugé was a huge boost to the morale of the Scottish and French, proving that the English were not invincible. On hearing of the Franco-Scottish victory, Pope Martin V remarked that "the Scots are well-known as an antidote to the English."
Capture and Ransom.
In the early summer of 1423, at the Battle of Cravant, Buchan found himself in command of a mixed force of French and Scots soldiers. Buchan confronted a combined Anglo-Burgundian army at the village of Cravant in Burgundy, at a bridge and ford on the banks of the river Yonne, a left-bank tributary of the Seine, southeast of Auxerre. Buchan's forces outnumbered the English and Burgundians on the opposite bank more than two to one. The combined English and Burgundian forces, numbering some 4,000 men, were led by Thomas Montacute, 4th Earl of Salisbury.
For three hours the forces stared each other down, neither willing to attempt an opposed river crossing. Salisbury finally took the initiative and his army began to cross the waist-high river, some 50 metres wide, under a covering hail of arrows from English archers. Meanwhile, another English force under Baron Willoughby de Eresby forced a passage through the Scots across the narrow bridge and divided the Dauphin's army.
When the French ranks began to withdraw, the Scots refused to flee and were cut down by the hundreds. Over 3,000 of them fell at the bridgehead or along the riverbanks, and over 2,000 prisoners were taken, including the Earl of Buchan and the commander of the Dauphin's forces, the Comte de Vendôme. The Dauphin's forces retreated to the Loire, leaving many prisoners behind and over 6,000 dead. Buchan may well have considered himself lucky to be taken alive. King Henry V of England had re-asserted the English claim of suzerainty over Scotland, and therefore executed Scots prisoners of war on the grounds that they were traitors, fighting against their own King.
After the battle Buchan was exchanged, and after his release in 1424 he was appointed Constable of France making him the effective Commander-in-Chief of the French army. To recover from the losses sustained at Cravant, fresh troops under the Earl of Douglas were dispatched from Scotland to France.
Battle of Verneuil.
However, despite these welcome reinforcements, disaster would soon overtake Stewart and his Scottish army. On 17 August 1424 Buchan was killed at the Battle of Verneuil, along with most of the Scottish troops in France. Buchan and his generals unwisely chose to face the English army, led by John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford in open battle. Bedford's army attacked aggressively from the south to take the Scots in the rear. Abandoned by their French allies and almost completely surrounded, the Scots made a ferocious last stand, but were overwhelmed.
Verneuil was one of the bloodiest battles of the Hundred Years War, described by the English as a second Agincourt. Altogether some 6000 allied troops were killed, including 4000 Scots. The English lost 1600 men, an unusually high figure for them, far greater than their losses at Agincourt, indicating the ferocity of the fight. The Earl of Douglas fought on the losing side for the last time, joined in death by Buchan.
Legacy.
Stewart's death had important consequences for domestic politics in Scotland. His death fatally weakened the position of his brother Murdoch Stewart, Duke of Albany, who was soon afterwards arrested and executed by James I of Scotland, leading to the almost complete ruin of the Albany Stewarts.
A bust of Stewart is displayed to this day in the Galerie des Batailles, in the Château de Versailles, opened in 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="5960699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960699" title="Partial androgen insensitivity syndrome">
Partial androgen insensitivity syndrome

Partial androgen insensitivity syndrome (PAIS) is a condition that results in the partial inability of the cell to respond to androgens. The partial unresponsiveness of the cell to the presence of androgenic hormones impairs the masculinization of male genitalia in the developing fetus, as well as the development of male secondary sexual characteristics at puberty, but does not significantly impair female genital or sexual development. As such, the insensitivity to androgens is only clinically significant when it occurs in genetic males (i.e. individuals with a Y chromosome, or more specifically, an SRY gene).
PAIS is one of three types of androgen insensitivity syndrome, which is divided into three categories that are differentiated by the degree of genital masculinization: complete androgen insensitivity syndrome (CAIS) is indicated when the external genitalia is that of a normal female, mild androgen insensitivity syndrome (MAIS) is indicated when the external genitalia is that of a normal male, and partial androgen insensitivity syndrome (PAIS) is indicated when the external genitalia is partially, but not fully masculinized.
Androgen insensitivity syndrome is the largest single entity that leads to 46,XY undermasculinization.
Signs and symptoms.
A supplemental system of phenotypic grading that uses seven classes instead of the traditional three was proposed by pediatric endocrinologist Charmian A. Quigley et al. in 1995. The first six grades of the scale, grades 1 through 6, are differentiated by the degree of genital masculinization; grade 1 is indicated when the external genitalia is fully masculinized, grade 6 is indicated when the external genitalia is fully feminized, and grades 2 through 5 quantify four degrees of increasingly feminized genitalia that lie in the interim. Grade 7 is indistinguishable from grade 6 until puberty, and is thereafter differentiated by the presence of secondary terminal hair; grade 6 is indicated when secondary terminal hair is present, whereas grade 7 is indicated when it is absent. The Quigley scale can be used in conjunction with the traditional three classes of AIS to provide additional information regarding the degree of genital masculinization, and is particularly useful when the diagnosis is PAIS.
Partial androgen insensitivity syndrome is diagnosed when the degree of androgen insensitivity in an individual with a 46,XY karyotype is great enough to partially prevent the masculinization of the genitalia, but is not great enough to completely prevent genital masculinization. This includes any phenotype resulting from androgen insensitivity where the genitalia is partially, but not completely masculinized. Genital ambiguities are frequently detected during clinical examination at birth, and consequently, a PAIS diagnosis can be made during infancy as part of a differential diagnostic workup.
Pubertal undervirilization is common, including gynecomastia, decreased secondary terminal hair, and / or a high pitched voice. The phallic structure ranges from a penis with varying degrees of diminished size and hypospadias to a slightly enlarged clitoris. Wolffian structures (the epididymides, vasa deferentia, and seminal vesicles) are typically partially or fully developed. The prostate is typically small or impalpable. Müllerian remnants are rare, but have been reported.
The gonads in individuals with PAIS are testes, regardless of phenotype; during the embryonic stage of development, testes form in an androgen-independent process that occurs due to the influence of the SRY gene on the Y chromosome. Cryptorchidism is common, and carries with it a 50% risk of germ cell malignancy. If the testes are located intrascrotally, there may still be significant risk of germ cell malignancy; studies have not yet been published to assess this risk.
Predominantly male phenotypes vary in the degree of genital undermasculinization to include micropenis, chordee, bifid scrotum, and / or pseudovaginal perineoscrotal hypospadias. Impotence may be fairly common, depending on phenotypic features; in one study of 15 males with PAIS, 80% of those interviewed indicated that they had some degree of impotence. Anejaculation appears to occur somewhat independently of impotence; some men are still able to ejaculate despite impotence, and others without erectile difficulties cannot. Predominantly female phenotypes include a variable degree of labial fusion and clitoromegaly. Ambiguous phenotypic states include a phallic structure that is intermediate between a clitoris and a penis, and a single perineal orifice that connects to both the urethra and the vagina (i.e. urogenital sinus). At birth, it may not be possible to immediately differentiate the external genitalia of individuals with PAIS as being either male or female, although the majority of individuals with PAIS are raised male.
Given the wide diversity of phenotypes associated with PAIS, the diagnosis is often further specified by assessing genital masculinization. Grades 2 through 5 of the Quigley scale quantify four degrees of increasingly feminized genitalia that correspond to PAIS.
Grade 2, the mildest form of PAIS, presents with a predominantly male phenotype that presents with minor signs of undermasculinized genitalia, such as isolated hypospadias, which can be severe. Hypospadias may manifest with a partially formed channel from the urethral opening to the glans. Until recently, it was thought that isolated micropenis was not a manifestation of PAIS. However, in 2010, two cases of PAIS manifesting with isolated micropenis were documented.
Grade 3, the most common phenotypic form of PAIS, features a predominantly male phenotype that is more severely undermasculinized, and typically presents with micropenis and pseudovaginal perineoscrotal hypospadias with bifid scrotum.
Grade 4 presents with a gender ambiguous phenotype, including a phallic structure that is intermediate between a clitoris and a penis. The urethra typically opens into a common channel with the vagina (i.e. urogenital sinus).
Grade 5, the form of PAIS with the greatest degree of androgen insensitivity, presents with a mostly female phenotype, including separate urethral and vaginal orifices, but also shows signs of slight masculinization including mild clitoromegaly and / or partial labial fusion.
Previously, it was erroneously thought that individuals with PAIS were always infertile; at least one case report has been published that describes fertile men that fit the criteria for grade 2 PAIS (micropenis, penile hypospadias, and gynecomastia).
Comorbidity.
All forms of androgen insensitivity are associated with infertility, though exceptions have been reported for both the mild and partial forms.
PAIS is associated with a 50% risk of germ cell malignancy when the testes are undescended. If the testes are located intrascrotally, there may still be significant risk of germ cell malignancy; studies have not yet been published to assess this risk. Some men with PAIS may experience sexual dysfunction including impotence and anejaculation. A few AR mutations that cause PAIS are also associated with prostate and breast cancers.
Vaginal hypoplasia, a relatively frequent finding in CAIS and some forms of PAIS, is associated with sexual difficulties including vaginal penetration difficulties and dyspareunia.
At least one study indicates that individuals with an intersex condition may be more prone to psychological difficulties, due at least in part to parental attitudes and behaviors, and concludes that preventative long-term psychological counseling for parents as well as for affected individuals should be initiated at the time of diagnosis.
Lifespan is not thought to be affected by AIS.
Diagnosis.
Unfortunately, the number of differentials to consider for PAIS is particularly large. Prompt diagnosis is particularly urgent when a child is born with ambiguous genitalia, as some causes are associated with potentially life-threatening adrenal crises. Determination of testosterone, testosterone precursors and dihydrotestosterone (DHT) at baseline and / or after human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) stimulation can be used to exclude such defects in androgen biosynthesis.
Approximately one half of all 46,XY individuals born with ambiguous genitalia will not receive a definitive diagnosis. Androgen receptor (AR) gene mutations cannot be found in 27% to 72% of individuals with PAIS. As a result, genetic analysis can be used to confirm a diagnosis of PAIS, but it cannot be used to rule out PAIS. Evidence of abnormal androgen binding in a genital skin fibroblast study has long been the gold standard for the diagnosis of PAIS, even when an AR mutation is not present. However, some cases of PAIS, including AR-mutant-positive cases, will show normal androgen binding. A family history consistent with X-linked inheritance is more commonly found in AR-mutant-positive cases than AR-mutant-negative cases.
The use of dynamic endocrine tests is particularly helpful in isolating a diagnosis of PAIS. One such test is the human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) stimulation test. If the gonads are testes, there will be an increase in the level of serum testosterone in response to the hCG, regardless of testicular descent. The magnitude of the testosterone increase can help differentiate between androgen resistance and gonadal dysgenesis, as does evidence of a uterus on ultrasound examination. Testicular function can also be assessed by measuring serum anti-Müllerian hormone levels, which in turn can further differentiate PAIS from gonadal dysgenesis and bilateral anorchia.
Another useful dynamic test involves measuring the response to exogenous steroids; individuals with AIS show a decreased response in serum sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) after a short term administration of anabolic steroids. Two studies indicate that measuring the response in SHBG after the administration of stanozolol could help to differentiate individuals with PAIS from those with other causes of ambiguous genitalia, although the response in individuals with predominantly male phenotypes overlaps somewhat with the response in normal males.
Management.
Management of AIS is currently limited to symptomatic management; methods to correct a malfunctioning androgen receptor protein that result from an AR gene mutation are not currently available. Areas of management include sex assignment, genitoplasty, gonadectomy in relation to tumor risk, hormone replacement therapy, and genetic and psychological counseling.
The decision of whether to raise an individual with PAIS as a boy or a girl may not be obvious; grades 3 and 4 in particular present with a phenotype that may be difficult to classify as primarily male or female, and some will be incapable of virilization at puberty. Parents of an affected newborn should seek immediate help at a center with an experienced multidisciplinary team, and should avoid gender assignment beforehand. Gender assignment should thereafter be expeditiously decided; current guidelines advise against waiting for the child to decide for his / herself. Key considerations involved in assigning gender include the appearance of the genitalia, the extent to which the child can virilize at puberty, surgical options and the postoperative sexual function of the genitalia, genitoplasty complexity, potential for fertility, and the projected gender identity of the child. The majority of individuals with PAIS are raised male.
Virilization capacity can be assessed by measuring the response to a trial of exogenous androgens; some studies have measured the growth of the phallus in response to exogenous testosterone or dihydrotestosterone, while others have measured the change in sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) in response to the artificial androgen stanozolol to assess androgen sensitivity. Some experts have cautioned that it remains to be proved that a good response to exogenous androgens in neonates is a good predictor of androgen response at puberty. If a mutation in the AR gene is found, it is important to determine if the mutation is inherited or de novo (i.e. a somatic mutation); a certain amount of the wild-type androgen receptor will be present in cases of somatic mutation, which can induce virilization at puberty. A genital skin fibroblast study and a human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) stimulation test may also provide information helpful in the assessment of virilization capacity.
Psychosexual development is influenced by many factors, including the timing, amount, and type of androgen exposure, receptor functionality, and environment, and is thus difficult to predict. Gender identity begins to develop before 3 years of age, although the earliest age at which it can be reliably assessed has yet to be determined. Approximately 25% of individuals with PAIS are dissatisfied with their assigned gender, regardless of being raised as male or female. One study reports that 46,XY individuals born with micropenis and no hypospadias are better off being raised male, despite the success of some being raised female. Studies involving the more ambiguous phenotypic forms of PAIS are less decisive. Homosexuality with respect to assigned gender and atypical gender role behavior are known to occur more frequently in individual with PAIS, and may occur with or without gender dysphoria; neither should be interpreted as an indication of incorrect gender assignment. If an affected child does express feelings of gender dysphoria, the opportunity to explore such feelings with a psychologist experienced in treating intersex conditions should be accommodated. If feelings of gender dysphoria persist, gender reassignment should be initiated, possibly with the aid of a specialist in the field.
Genitoplasty, unlike gender assignment, can be irreversible, and there is no guarantee that adult gender identity will develop as assigned despite surgical intervention. Some aspects of genitoplasty are still being debated; a variety of different opinions have been presented by professionals, self-help groups, and patients over the last few decades. Points of consideration include what conditions justify genitoplasty, the extent and type of genitoplasty that should be employed, when genitoplasty should be performed, and what the goals of genitoplasty should be. Gender assignment itself does not predicate the need for immediate genitoplasty; in some cases, surgical intervention can be delayed to allow the affected child to reach an age and maturity sufficient to have a role in such decisions. Some studies suggest that early surgeries can still produce satisfactory outcomes, while others suggest it to be unlikely. Even surgeries that are planned as one-stage procedures often require further major surgery. Scarring and tissue loss that result from repeated surgical procedures are of particular concern, due to the presumed negative impact on sexual function.
While it is thought that feminizing genitoplasty typically requires fewer surgeries to achieve an acceptable result and results in fewer urologic difficulties, there is no evidence that feminizing surgery results in a better psychosocial outcome. In one study, individuals with grade 3 PAIS that were raised male rated their body image and sexual function similarly to those that were raised female, even though they were more likely to have genitalia that was abnormal in size and appearance; more than half of the male participants had a stretched penile length that was below 2.5 standard deviations of the mean, while only 6% of female participants presented with a short vagina in adulthood, and participating physicians gave a lower cosmetic rating to the surgical results of the men than the women. Both male and female participants cited the appearance of their genitalia as being the greatest contributing factor to their dissatisfaction with their body image. In two larger studies, the common predictor of gender reassignment was stigmatization related to having an intersex condition.
The outcome of masculinizing genitoplasty is dependent on the amount of erectile tissue and the extent of hypospadias. Procedures include correction of penile curvature and chordee, reconstruction of the urethra, hypospadias correction, orchidopexy, and Müllerian remnant removal to prevent infection and pseudo-incontinence. Erectile prosthesis may be inserted in cases of successful neophalloplasty in adulthood, although it has a high morbidity. Additional surgeries may be required to correct postsurgical complications such as stenosis of the anastomosis between the native urethra and the graft, urethral fistulas, and posterior displacement of the balanic meatus. Successful masculinizing genitoplasty performed on individuals with grade 3 PAIS often requires multiple surgeries.
If feminizing genitoplasty is performed in infancy, the result will need to be refined at puberty through additional surgery. Procedures include clitoral reduction / recession, labiaplasty, repair of the common urogenital sinus, vaginoplasty, and vaginal dilation through non-surgical pressure methods. Clitoral reduction / recession surgery carries with it the risk of necrosis as well as the risk of impairing the sexual function of the genitalia, and thus should not be performed for less severe clitoromegaly. Clitoral surgery should be focused on function rather than appearance, with care being taken to spare the erectile function and innervation of the clitoris. If PAIS presents with a common urogenital sinus, the American Academy of Pediatrics currently recommends that surgery to separate the urethra from the vagina be performed at an early age. As is the case for CAIS, vaginal dilation using pressure dilation methods should be attempted before the surgical creation of a neovagina is considered, and neither should be performed before puberty. Complications of feminizing genitoplasty can include vaginal stenosis, meatal stenosis, vaginourethral fistula, female hypospadias, urinary tract injuries, and recurrent clitoromegaly. Successful feminizing genitoplasty performed on individuals with grade 3 PAIS often requires multiple surgeries, although more surgeries are typically required for successful masculinizing genitoplasty in this population.
Many surgical procedures have been developed to create a neovagina, as none of them is ideal. Surgical intervention should only be considered after non-surgical pressure dilation methods have failed to produce a satisfactory result. Neovaginoplasty can be performed using skin grafts, a segment of bowel, ileum, peritoneum, , buccal mucosa, amnion, or dura mater. Success of such methods should be determined by sexual function, and not just by vaginal length, as has been done in the past. Ileal or cecal segments may be problematic because of a shorter mesentery, which may produce tension on the neovagina, leading to stenosis. The sigmoid neovagina is thought to be self-lubricating, without the excess mucus production associated with segments of small bowel. Vaginoplasty may create scarring at the introitus (the vaginal opening), which requires additional surgery to correct. Vaginal dilators are required postoperatively to prevent vaginal stenosis from scarring. Other complications include bladder and bowel injuries. Yearly exams are required as neovaginoplasty carries a risk of carcinoma, although carcinoma of the neovagina is uncommon. Neither neovaginoplasty nor vaginal dilation should be performed before puberty.
Gonadectomy at time of diagnosis is the current recommendation for PAIS if presenting with cryptorchidism, due to the high (50%) risk of germ cell malignancy. The risk of malignancy when testes are located intrascrotally is unknown; the current recommendation is to biopsy the testes at puberty, allowing investigation of at least 30 seminiferous tubules, with diagnosis preferably based on OCT3/4 immunohistochemistry, followed by regular examinations. Hormone replacement therapy is required after gonadectomy, and should be modulated over time to replicate the hormone levels naturally present in the body during the various stages of puberty. Artificially induced puberty results in the same, normal development of secondary sexual characteristics, growth spurt, and bone mineral accumulation. Women with PAIS may have a tendency towards bone mineralization deficiency, although this increase is thought to be less than is typically seen in CAIS, and is similarly managed.
Testosterone has been used to successfully treat undervirilization in some but not all men with PAIS, despite having supraphysiological levels of testosterone to start with. Treatment options include transdermal gels or patches, oral or injectable testosterone undecanoate, other injectable testosterone esters, testosterone pellets, or buccal testosterone systems. Supraphysiological doses may be required to achieve the desired physiological effect, which may be difficult to achieve using non-injectable testosterone preparations. Exogenous testosterone supplementation in unaffected men can produce various unwanted side effects, including prostatic hypertrophy, polycythemia, gynecomastia, hair loss, acne, and the suppression of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis, which results in the reduction of gonadotropins (i.e., luteinizing hormone and follicle-stimulating hormone) and spermatogenic defect. These effects may not manifest at all in men with AIS, or might only manifest at a much higher concentration of testosterone, depending on the degree of androgen insensitivity. Those undergoing high dose androgen therapy should be monitored for safety and efficacy of treatment, possibly including regular breast and prostate examinations. Some individuals with PAIS have a sufficiently high sperm count to father children; at least one case report has been published that describes fertile men that fit the criteria for grade 2 PAIS (micropenis, penile hypospadias, and gynecomastia). Several publications have indicated that testosterone treatment can correct low sperm counts in men with MAIS. At least one case report has been published that documents the efficacy of treating a low sperm count with tamoxifen in an individual with PAIS.
Depending on phenotypic features, impotence and other sexual problems such as anejaculation or sexual aversion may be fairly common among individuals with PAIS, but do not necessarily indicate low libido. Support groups for individuals with PAIS may help affected individuals discuss their concerns more comfortably. Some individuals with PAIS may try to avoid intimate relationships out of fear of rejection; individual therapy may help some to overcome social anxiety, and restore focus to interpersonal relationships instead of solely on sexual function and activity.

</doc>
<doc id="5960707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960707" title="Burgess Hill School">
Burgess Hill School

Burgess Hill School for Girls is an independent day and boarding school for girls aged between 2.5 and 18 years (full boarding from 11 years). The school also has a small number of boys attending the nursery. The school is situated on Keymer Road, in the West Sussex town of Burgess Hill, and is a five-minute walk from Burgess Hill railway station, which is on the Brighton Main Line. Coach and minibuses collect girls from outlying areas in Sussex. 
The school stands in of grounds within a conservation area close to the centre of the town. The grounds are extensive and there are listed Georgian buildings. Two of the boarding houses are adjoining the school grounds whilst the third one is positioned across a quiet residential road. 
The majority of the girls are day pupils, with casual boarding being offered from the age of 7 years and full boarding from 11 years.
History.
Burgess Hill School was founded in 1906 by Miss Beatrice Goode as a result of local demand from parents. Miss Beatrice Goode, along with her sisters Ada and Patricia, aimed to give girls an education equal to that of boys, although at that time boys were also admitted. The school began as a PNEU school, a system of schooling set up by Charlotte Mason. The school motto is "I am, I can, I ought, I will", which translates in Latin to 'Sum, Possum, Debeo, Efficiam'. 
Originally situated at the site of the current Lloyds Bank on Church Road, the school moved to its current location in 1928 when it was seen that expansion was necessary.
When the school began there was no need for a uniform, but girls were required to wear a school hat and badge. In September 1914 the first uniform was introduced, and, although it has been through various changes, the principal colours remain the same, navy blue, sky blue and white.
In 1986 "A short history of Burgess Hill School for Girls 1906-1986", by Angela Davies, was published.
Notable former pupils.
Ex-pupils include Holly Willoughby, a TV presenter and ex-glamour model, cricketer Caroline Atkins, and Andy Murray's girlfriend, Kim Sears.

</doc>
<doc id="5960713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960713" title="Amblin'">
Amblin'

Amblin' is a short film released in 1968. It is the first completed film shot by Steven Spielberg on 35mm. The film is a short love story set during the hippie era of the late 1960s, about a young couple making their way through the desert to a paradisiacal beach. The film is silent except for an acoustic guitar-led soundtrack.
Plot.
A young man carrying a closely guarded guitar case befriends a free-spirited young woman while hitchhiking across the desert in southern California en route to the Pacific coast. Along the way, the man engages the woman in an olive-spitting contest, and the she introduces him to the joys of smoking cannabis and having sex in a sleeping bag. Following the scene alluding to sexual intercourse, the young man is seen walking on the median of a road, which is perhaps symbolic. As the pair reach the beach, the man frolics in the surf, while the woman covertly inspects the contents of his guitar case: a suit and tie, toothpaste, mouthwash, a roll of toilet paper and a copy of Arthur C. Clarke's "The City and the Stars". The woman smiles in bemusement, perhaps sensing all along that her companion was not the quintessential hippie that he appeared to be. She then proceeds to stand up and leave the beach, leaving the man behind.
Casting.
Spielberg found his lead actor Richard Levin working as a librarian in the Beverly Hills library. For the mysterious redhead in the film, Spielberg discovered Pamela McMyler from the Academy Players directory. She had previously been a member of the Pasadena Playhouse and had a small role in "The Boston Strangler".
Steven Spielberg as writer and director.
"Amblin"' became a reality after Spielberg was introduced to aspiring producer Denis C. Hoffman. This movie, only 26 minutes long, led to his becoming the youngest director ever to be signed to a long-term deal with a major Hollywood studio (Universal) after Sid Sheinberg, then the vice-president of production for Universal's TV arm saw the film. The movie had a $15,000 budget. In 1968, his friend Denis Hoffman provided financing of approximately $10,000 for the production of the film. At the time, Hoffman had no experience in producing, writing or developing projects for motion pictures. At Hoffman's request, the music of a band he was managing at the time was used for the film.
In exchange for the financing provided by Hoffman, Hoffman exacted from Spielberg the young filmmaker's agreement to (a) direct "Amblin"' for no compensation whatsoever and (b) be bound for ten years to direct any script selected by Hoffman if such a script was brought to Spielberg by Hoffman. As compensation for this second film, Spielberg was to receive the payment of $25,000 plus 5% of the profits after expenses (the so-called "1968 Amblin Contract").
Production.
"Amblin"' started shooting on July 6, 1968 at Denis Hoffman's Cinefx soundstage. The filming commenced with a complicated tracking shot following a trail of matches leading to a bonfire which was shot in the studio in order that cinematographer Allen Daviau could control the lighting. After Cinefx and the filming of the final sequence outside Jack Palance's beach house in Malibu, the crew moved on to various desert locations around Pearblossom, California, for the remaining eight days of filming. On rough terrain and under a punishing 105-degree sun, many of Spielberg's unpaid crew left before the shoot was completed. Spielberg confessed to one crew member that he had vomited every day before he went to the set. Anne Spielberg (Steven's sister) who wrote "Big" also worked with him on this first effort which started his career and won him his contract at Universal.
Release and impacts.
Opening on December 18, 1968 at Loews Crest Theater in Los Angeles, "Amblin'" shared a double bill with Otto Preminger's "Skidoo". "Amblin'" won several film festival awards including a showing at the Atlanta film Festival in 1969. Spielberg was then signed to a 7-year contract under the Television division of Universal. In later years Spielberg named his successful company after his first movie — Amblin Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="5960723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960723" title="Harrow Way">
Harrow Way

The Harrow Way (also spelled as Harroway, and sometimes known as Hoary Way) forms the western part of the Old Way, an ancient trackway in the south of England, dating from the Neolithic period, which is split into a western and eastern part. 
The Old Way.
The Eastern part and the Pilgrims' Way.
The eastern part of the Old Way, most of which is misleadingly named the "Pilgrims' Way", which today runs on or parallel to the North Downs Way, can be traced from Rochester and alternative Channel ports on the Straits of Dover, a principal track also starting in the valley of the Great Stour from Canterbury, to lead along the North Downs or its southern slopes, through Maidstone, through Guildford to Farnham, Surrey. With its natural season-round well-drained soil, slightly more humus-rich than the crest itself, forming the most travelled of often several terraced routes.
The Pilgrims' Way continues from Farnham more south-west than west to Winchester. This route was later used in some pilgrimages and helped the growth of Winchester. Winchester, apart from being an ecclesiastical centre in its own right (the shrine of St Swithin), was an important regional focus and an aggregation point for travellers arriving through the seaports on the south coast.
"see Early British Christianity"
Significant earlier usage of this section of the Pilgrims' Way is likely noting it does pass several British Iron Age (Celtic) barrows on hills to north and south, for instance, villages around Alresford such as Tichborne, continuing to the Celtic and Roman settlement of Winchester (Venta Belgarum) on the River Itchen north of Southampton. The Diocese of Winchester (seat of the Bishop of Winchester) was founded in 660 CE.
The western part of the Old Way, the Harrow Way, can by contrast be traced from Farnham, Surrey west through Basingstoke and Andover to Salisbury Plain and Stonehenge, Wiltshire, through Dorset and on to Seaton on the Devon coast.
The Harrow Way.
The name may derive from "herewag", a military road; "har", ancient (as in hoary) way or "heargway", the road to the shrine (perhaps Stonehenge). It is sometimes described as the 'oldest road in Britain' and is possibly associated with ancient tin trading.
The eastern end of the Harrow Way, where it becomes the Pilgrims' Way, is at Farnham, a second aggregation point for travellers joining from the south coast. Gibson reports the section going eastward just north of Farnham ran through the area now Farnham Park and continued its course along the chalk outcrop, crossed the Bagshot Road where the Six Bells pub now stands and continued past Badshot Lea, Surrey where an important Neolithic Long Barrow burial mound (tumulus) was found. The Harrow Way then continues to the crest of the Hog's Back where the ancient trackway is known to have run. There are several barrows along the Hog's Back.
In Dorset, the Harrow Way can be traced through the villages of Halstock and Corscombe, where it is known as Common Lane. At the Halstock end, a short length was realigned to form the access for a Roman Villa (which was built on the site of a late Iron Age farmstead).

</doc>
<doc id="5960737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960737" title="4th White Cloth Hall">
4th White Cloth Hall

The 4th White Cloth Hall was a market for the sale of undyed cloth on King Street in Leeds city centre in England. A blue plaque for the building can be found on the nearby Quebec Street.
The 4th White Cloth hall was built in 1868 by the North Eastern Railway company to replace the 3rd White Cloth Hall that they had had to partly demolish in 1865 to build the impressive North Eastern Viaduct to access the New Station.
The building did not last long, due to the decline in cloth manufacturing in Yorkshire. It was never fully used, and was demolished in 1895. Today the site is occupied by the Hotel Metropole. Like the 2nd White Cloth Hall only the cupola survives, incorporated onto the hotel roof.

</doc>
<doc id="5960740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960740" title="Kentucky Rumbler">
Kentucky Rumbler

Kentucky Rumbler is a wooden roller coaster at Beech Bend Park in Warren County, Kentucky. It has a drop of 96 feet and a height of 80 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="5960745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960745" title="Nazım Pasha">
Nazım Pasha

Hussein Nazım Pasha (1848 – 23 January 1913) was the Chief of Staff of the military of the Ottoman Empire during the First Balkan War.
He was a staunch supporter of the French Offensive Doctrine, developed primarily by Ferdinand Foch, his instructor at the Saint-Cyr Military Academy who later was supreme commander of Allied forces on the Western Front (World War I). Following his appointment as a Chief of Staff, he made immediate changes to Ottoman military doctrine which had been created by Colmar Freiherr von der Goltz, the German officer who had been in charge of the reorganisation and training of the Ottoman army. Goltz's doctrine dictated that, in case of war with Balkan states, Ottoman forces would remain on the defensive, both on the western (Vardar) and eastern (Thracian) approaches.
Nazım Pasha abandoned der Goltz's defensive (and probably realistic) doctrine and, though the Ottoman army had severe problems in mobilizing its troops (fewer than half of the expected 600,000 troops), developed a bold offensive plan, including offensive operations on both fronts. Because the Serbian army was, after its defeat in the Serbo-Bulgarian War, considered a weaker opponent even by western observers, Nazım Pasha planned to attack it first, and render it operationally incapable. He would then attack Bulgaria (which was considered the strongest link in the Balkan alliance) from both the Macedonian and Thracian directions. His underestimation of Serbian strength led to the complete failure of his operational plan and the catastrophe which followed.
He was assassinated by the Young Turks on 23 January 1913 during the 1913 Ottoman coup d'état.

</doc>
<doc id="5960753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960753" title="Siam Center">
Siam Center

Siam Center () is a shopping center in Bangkok, Thailand. It was opened in 1973y.
History.
Siam Center was built in 1973 and was one of Bangkok's first shopping malls. It has undergone renovation several times, including after a fire in 1995. In January 11, 2013, Siam Center established the new phase and re-branding itself as Siam Center: The Ideaopolis or Absolute Siam Center.

</doc>
<doc id="5960758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960758" title="Matt Hill (footballer)">
Matt Hill (footballer)

Matthew Clayton "Matt" Hill (born 26 March 1981) is an English footballer who plays as a defender. Born in Bristol Hill started his career with Bristol City where he made over 200 appearances. He subsequently joined Preston North End where he also spent a successful spell, playing over 100 times for the Lancashire club. A move to Wolverhampton Wanderers followed but first team opportunities were more limited and he was loaned to Queens Park Rangers before leaving to join Barnsley. After only one season at the South Yorkshire club he transferred to Blackpool but again played few first team games before being loaned to Sheffield United, with the move being made permanent in the summer of 2012. He is currently a free agent having been released by the Blades in the summer of 2014.
Career.
Bristol City.
Hill began his professional career at his home town club Bristol City, making his debut aged 17 on 7 November 1998 in a 6–1 defeat to Wolves. He progressed to become a first choice player by the 2000–01 season. He twice came close to winning promotion with the "Robins" from the third tier, but they lost in the play-offs for two successive seasons.
Preston North End.
The defender finally moved up a division when he joined Preston North End in January 2005 in a £100,000 deal. His first season almost ending with a place in the Premier League, but it was third time unlucky for Hill in the play-offs as Preston lost the final to West Ham. The following season brought more disappointment as injury ruled him out of the final month, where the club once again missed out in the play-offs. He recovered for the 2006–07 season and went on to win the Preston fans' Player of the Year Award. 
Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Hill joined Wolverhampton Wanderers on 1 September 2008 signing a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee. Hill contested the left–back slot with Stephen Ward throughout the season, but made 13 appearances in helping Wolves win promotion to the Premier League as champions.
After making only two appearances in the top flight, Hill was loaned to Championship side Queens Park Rangers in January 2010 for the remainder of the 2009–10 campaign.
Barnsley.
In October 2010. Hill joined Championship side Barnsley on a one month emergency loan deal after full-back Jay McEveley picked up an injury. He suffered a foot fracture which led to him returning to Molineux for treatment, before returning to Barnsley in the New Year.
In January 2011, his contract with Wolves was terminated by mutual consent and it was later announced that he has signed a deal until the end of the season with Barnsley.
Hill scored his first goal in seven years in the 2–2 draw with Nottingham Forest on 1 January, latching onto a pass and thumping across Lee Camp. He emulated this feat in the 3–3 draw with Leeds United in February.
Blackpool.
Hill's contract with expired with Barnsley in May 2011 and he left the club. He joined Blackpool on 9 July, and played his first game with the club on 11 August in a goalless League Cup tie with Sheffield Wednesday. Hill made his first League start in a home game against Derby County on 17 August. On 6 March 2012, Hill joined Football League One side Sheffield United on loan until the end of the season to ease a defensive crisis at the club. He started regularly from that point, eventually making fifteen appearances for the South Yorkshire club. His final appearance for the Blades came at Wembley for the League One play-off final. Hill scored in the game's penalty shoot out when the game was level after extra time but United slipped to defeat.
Sheffield United.
Having been released by Blackpool, Hill signed a permanent deal with Sheffield United at the end of July 2012. Having been a regular in the starting XI for most of the season, Hill was ruled out for 6 weeks with a broken jaw in January 2013. Hill eventually returned to the side in March and played regularly until the end of the season, finishing having made 41 appearances in all competitions.
During the 2013–14 season, Hill was largely used as a substitute by new managers David Weir and Nigel Clough, starting occasional games as cover for other defenders. Despite this Hill made a further 39 appearances for the Blades during the season.
In May 2014, with the season over, Hill announced that he would be leaving United as his contract had expired, stating that "I am sad to say I am leaving Sheffield United. I have had a fantastic time with the lads, staff and fans." Hill played 95 times in total for United.

</doc>
<doc id="5960766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960766" title="T. C. Warner">
T. C. Warner

T.C. Victoria Warner (born March 5, 1977, in San Francisco, California) is an American television and film actress. She portrayed Kelsey Jefferson on the ABC soap opera "All My Children" from 1995 to 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5960777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960777" title="Putlitz">
Putlitz

Putlitz is a town in the district of Prignitz, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 15 km northwest of Pritzwalk, and 35 km northeast of Wittenberge.
International relations.
Putlitz is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="5960778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960778" title="Nigel Pendse">
Nigel Pendse

Nigel Pendse is a business intelligence and OLAP analyst and the editor of The BI Verdict (formerly The OLAP Report) and author of The BI Survey (previously known as The OLAP Survey). He also advises and speaks on a variety of OLAP related subjects. Previously, he had worked both as a user and then in a variety of roles as a salesperson of business intelligence products since 1977. He has a master’s degree in nuclear reactor engineering from Imperial College, London.

</doc>
<doc id="5960780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960780" title="Pierre Ballester">
Pierre Ballester

Pierre Ballester is a French sports journalist. He has written extensively about doping in cycling.
Career.
He was a correspondent in London for Agence France-Presse, "Sport", and L'Equipe.
Ballester co-wrote L.A. Confidentiel with David Walsh. It was published in 2004 by La Martinere. The book resulted in a number of lawsuits by Lance Armstrong's lawyers in France and England.
He also co-wrote "Le Sale Tour" (the dirty tour) with Walsh, about Armstrong's "comeback" in the 2009-2010 period.

</doc>
<doc id="5960785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960785" title="Troms Folkeblad">
Troms Folkeblad

Troms Folkeblad is a newspaper published in Troms, Norway. Its main office is located in Finnsnes and the very first edition came November 15. 1965. The name of the printed edition is Folkebladet, which means "peoples paper" in English. Folkebladet covers the local communities Lenvik, Berg, Torsken, Tranøy, Sørreisa, Dyrøy, Salangen, Lavangen, Bardu and Målselv. The chief editor and publisher is Steinulf Henriksen.
The printed edition is published on Mondays thru Saturdays. The Internet edition is named Folkebladet.no. 33 peoples have their workplace at Troms Folkeblad. The newspaper had 24.000 readers in 2007.
The Internet edition have 5.700 average unique users every day.

</doc>
<doc id="5960806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960806" title="M. P. Veerendra Kumar">
M. P. Veerendra Kumar

M. P. Veerendra Kumar was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He is a member of the Socialist Janata (Democratic) political party and the president of Kerala state unit of the party. He is also the chairman and managing director of the Malayalam daily newspaper "Mathrubhumi". A prominent writer in Malayalam, he won the Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award in 2010 for his travelogue "Haimavatha Bhoovil". He is the father of M. V. Shreyams Kumar.
Born to Marudevi Avva and Padmaprabha Gowder on 22 July 1936, after schooling in Kalpetta and at Kozhikode, he did his Masters in Philosophy from Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda College, Madras.
An active politician he was the treasurer and national committee member of the former Samyukta Socialist Party, state secretary of the Kerala Unit of the Socialist Party, one of the all India Secretaries of the former Socialist Party, Convener of the Opposition Co-ordination Committee in Kerala, Vice President of the former Janata Party, and its President. He was arrested during the emergency. Currently, he is the President of Socialist Janata (Democratic) Party, a constituent of the United Democratic Front in Kerala. During 1987-91 he was elected member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly. Later 1996 he was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Kozhikode constituency and functioned as Minister of state for Labour and later Finance.
Media.
He took charge as the Managing Director of the Mathrubhumi Printing & Publishing Company Ltd., Kozhikode in 1979. With fifteen editions and nine periodicals, Mathrubhumi is one of the largest news houses in the country.
Author.
He has authored several books in Malayalam. One of his works "Ramante Dukham" has gone into 18 re-prints. "Amazonum Kure Vyakulathakalum" has won the Sahitya Academy Award. His recent work, "Hymavatha bhoovil", won many awards including the prestigious Vayalar award. Other works include:

</doc>
<doc id="5960816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960816" title="Allen Daviau">
Allen Daviau

Allen Daviau, A.S.C. (born June 14, 1942 in New Orleans) is an American cinematographer.

</doc>
<doc id="5960817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960817" title="Rabenau">
Rabenau

Rabenau may refer to two places in Germany:

</doc>
<doc id="5960829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960829" title="Rabenau, Saxony">
Rabenau, Saxony

Rabenau is a town in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated north of Dippoldiswalde, and southwest of Dresden (centre).

</doc>
<doc id="5960832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960832" title="Grandslam Entertainment">
Grandslam Entertainment

Grandslam Entertainment (later Grandslam Video) was a computer and video games software house based in Britain. It was formed in late 1987 from the ashes of Argus Press Software by former Argus Managing Director, Stephen Hall and close friend David C, Dudman. Grandslam developed and published many games for home computers during the 1980s and 1990s. Originally based in central London, the offices were relocated to Croydon in 1990.
List of games.
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995

</doc>
<doc id="5960858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960858" title="Radeburg">
Radeburg

Radeburg is a town in the district of Meißen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 19 km east of Meißen, and 18 km north of Dresden. The main tourist attraction is the narrow-gauge Radebeul-Radeburg railway line that connects Radeburg and Radebeul via Moritzburg. The painter and illustrator Heinrich Zille was born in Radeburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5960868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960868" title="Kim Andrew">
Kim Andrew

Kim Darrell Andrew (born November 14, 1953 in Glendale, California) is a former second baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox in the season. He batted and threw right-handed. After his short career in the Major Leagues, Andrew later played for Bollate, a professional baseball team in Milano, Italy for the 1977 season.
Andrew grew up in the greater Los Angeles area, where his mother is credited as having encouraged him to pursue various athletic competition. While attending James Monroe High School he played shortstop and right field, but when drafted by the Dodgers, he was switched to second base. However, he did not sign with the Dodgers when they offered him only $5,000. He instead signed with the Orioles in 1972 as an amateur free agent just weeks before the draft. Later, in 1975, the Red Sox drafted his contract for $25,000 and invited him to play in spring training. He later appeared in two major league games for the Red Sox early in the season, on April 16 and 21. Andrew hit 1-for-2 for a .500 average in those two game played.

</doc>
<doc id="5960876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960876" title="Francis Jones (Canadian politician)">
Francis Jones (Canadian politician)

Francis Jones (November 1, 1815 – August 2, 1887) was an Ontario civil engineer, provincial land surveyor and political figure. He represented Leeds North and Grenville North in the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative member from 1867 to 1874.
He was born in Ballykilleen, County Carlow, Ireland in 1815, the son of Edward Jones and Rowanna Sparling. He was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada in 1854 before being elected for North Leeds and Grenville in 1861 and 1863. He was elected again following Confederation and served until he was defeated in 1874. Jones ran unsuccessfully for reelection again in 1878. He lived in Kemptville and died there at the age of 71. Jones never married.

</doc>
<doc id="5960882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960882" title="Connecticut Brakettes">
Connecticut Brakettes

The Connecticut Brakettes is a women's fastpitch softball team based in Stratford, Connecticut. The team has won many state, regional, national, and international tournaments (28 as of 2009).
History.
The team was founded in 1947 by William S. Simpson as the Raybestos Girl All-Stars. Over the years the team name has changed to Raybestos Brakettes (1948), Hi-Ho Brakettes, Stratford Brakettes, or Connecticut Brakettes (2006). The Brakette name is derived from the main product of the Raybestos plant in Stratford which produced brake linings for automobiles and trucks.
In 2006 the Brakettes fielded two teams. The Connecticut Brakettes were members of National Pro Fastpitch (NPF), finishing second in the regular season with a record of 27-15. In the NPF championship game, the Connecticut Brakettes lost to the fourth place New England Riptide 2-0. In 2006 they also fielded the Stratford Brakettes in the Amateur Softball Association (ASA). They won the 2006 women's major fastpitch tournament held in Amherst, New York.
The Brakettes dropped out of the NPF league in 2007 but still competes as an amateur team in the women's major division of the Amateur Softball Association (ASA).
Highlights of the Brakettes' seasons include:
Players.
Notable Brakette players have included:
Coaches.
Brakette coaches have included:
Stadia.
The Brakettes played from 1947 through 1987 at Raybestos Memorial Field near the center of the town of Stratford. In 1974 Raybestos Memorial hosted the ISF Women's World Championship in which the United States beat Japan for the gold medal. Starting in the 1988 season they played at a field that was originally built in 1966 and has been known as Avco Lycoming Field, Textron Lycoming Field, AlliedSignal Field, and was renamed Frank DeLuca Hall of Fame Field in 1997. Frank "Hooks" DeLuca was a pitcher for the men's slowpitch team sponsored by Avco Lycoming in Stratford who was inducted into the National Softball Hall of Fame in 1974. In addition to the Brakettes, DeLuca Field is home to the Stratford Breakers and Stratford Seahawks softball teams, the Stratford High School girl’s softball team, the Stratford Police Athletic League girl’s softball teams, the Men’s Industrial Slow Pitch League, and the 
Stratford Recreation Department Slow Pitch League games.

</doc>
<doc id="5960886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960886" title="Western Power (networks corporation)">
Western Power (networks corporation)

Western Power is a corporation owned by the Government of Western Australia. It was split from the vertical monopoly of Western Power Company in 2006 during reforms to the state's energy sector. The new company is registered as Electricity Networks Corporation but trades as Western Power. It is responsible for maintenance of power infrastructure in the area.
When the original Western Power was split it was separated into four independent companies:
Western Power's network.
Western Power operates the network known as the SWIS (South West Interconnected System). The SWIS reaches from Albany in the south, Kalbarri in the north and Kalgoorlie in the east of the state and includes the Perth metropolitan area. The Western Power Network consists of more than 96,000 km of powerlines, 630,000 wood poles, 240,000 streetlights and almost 14,000 substations.
Ownership.
Western Power is a Government Trading Enterprise (GTE). It operates as a private sector business, with the State Government as its owner and sole shareholder. This means that it has the autonomy to make decisions about managing and operating the South West Interconnected System, but is ultimately accountable to the State Government, specifically the Minister for Energy.

</doc>
<doc id="5960896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960896" title="Bantu Kavirondo">
Bantu Kavirondo

Bantu Kavirondo is the former name given to some of the Bantu peoples of western Kenya (e.g., the Luhya and Kisii) under the early colonial regime of British East Africa. Kavirondo Gulf (Winam Gulf) and the surrounding area of "Kavirondo" derive from the same name. They were designated “Bantu" Kavirondo in contradistinction to the “Nilotic Kavirondo” (Luo).
The term should no longer be used.

</doc>
<doc id="5960904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960904" title="Ronald Lewis (British politician)">
Ronald Lewis (British politician)

Ronald Howard Lewis (16 July 1909 - 18 June 1990) was a British Labour politician.
Lewis studied at Cliff Methodist College and became a Methodist local preacher. He served in the Middle East with the Royal Army Service Corps during World War II. He worked in the shops section of British Railways and served as a councillor on Derbyshire County Council from 1949 and on Blackwell Rural District Council from 1950.
Lewis contested Rugby in 1945, Crosby in 1950, West Derbyshire in 1951, Northamptonshire South in 1955 and Darlington in 1959. He was Member of Parliament for Carlisle from 1964 until he retired in 1987. In 1983, Carlisle was the most marginal Labour seat in the country - with Lewis finishing just 71 votes ahead of the Conservative candidate. 
His successor was Eric Martlew.

</doc>
<doc id="5960909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960909" title="Jon Newsome">
Jon Newsome

Jon Newsome (born 6 September 1970) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender from 1989 until 2000, notably in the Premier League for Sheffield Wednesday, Leeds United and Norwich City. He also appeared in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers.
Career.
Newsome began his career at Sheffield Wednesday before joining Leeds United in 1991. At Leeds he played in ten games and scored twice (against Tottenham Hotspur and Sheffield United) as they won the First Division in 1992, meaning Newsome was eligible for a medal. Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £1,000,000 for his services in 1994. It was the first time that City had paid seven figures for a player and he remained the club's record signing until 2005 when City paid £3,000,000 for Dean Ashton.
Newsome was immediately installed as Norwich captain and became a popular figure with supporters. They voted him Norwich City player of the year at the end of his first season. His good form was not enough, however, to prevent Norwich from being relegated to division one. While Newsome could have doubtless returned to the Premiership he decided to remain at the club to help Norwich regain promotion. He signalled his intent with two excellent headed goals in a 3-1 victory on the opening day of the season against Luton Town at Kenilworth Road.
However the latter part of the 1995/6 season saw Norwich in a perilous financial position and they were forced to sell Newsome to Sheffield Wednesday for £1,600,000 in a move that enraged supporters and increased the protests against chairman Robert Chase. Newsome's career at Hillsborough was frequently interrupted by injury and despite frequent interest from other clubs, he was forced to retire through injury in 2000.
After playing.
Newsome has remained popular with Norwich City supporters, and he returned to Carrow Road in September 2002 to play in the exhibition match against Harwich & Parkestone that marked the club's centenary.
Upon retirement, Newsome briefly worked as a scout for Grimsby Town before becoming the owner of a Sheffield-based car sales company, AutoMarques.

</doc>
<doc id="5960913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960913" title="Mangrove snapper">
Mangrove snapper

The mangrove snapper or gray snapper, "Lutjanus griseus", is a species of snapper native to the western Atlantic Ocean from Massachusetts to Brazil, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Caribbean Sea. They can be found in a wide variety of habitats, including brackish and fresh waters. It is commercially important, as well as being sought as a game fish. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
Description.
Its color is typically greyish red, but it can change color from bright red to copper red. It has a dark stripe running across its eye if observed from the top when it is under water. This species can reach a length of , though most do not exceed . The greatest recorded weight for this species is .
The mangrove snapper can be confused with the Cubera snapper or black snapper, "Lutjanus cyanopterus". Mangrove snapper are typically much smaller than Cubera, but when they are of similar size, the two species can only be distinguished by examining the tooth patch on the inside roof of the mouth. Many specimens caught in Florida, specifically Punta Gorda, are actually misidentified dogtooth or dog snapper, "Lutjanus jocu". The best way to distinguish between the two species is dog snapper has a lighter triangle of color with a blue band under the eye and large, sharp fangs in the front (canines), hence its common name. These fangs can deliver a painful bite, even in a small fish. The mangrove snapper feeds mostly on small fishes and crustaceans.
Habitat.
The mangrove snapper is one of the most common species of snapper in warmer regions. It can be found in many areas from canals to grass flats, as well as in open water. Most mangrove snapper in the open water are generally found near bottom structure or reefs. They can be found at depths from though are mostly found at less than .
Sport fishing.
Mangrove snapper is a common target for anglers, and is highly prized for its light and flaky flesh. It can be caught on a variety of baits, but is typically caught with live or frozen shrimp, squid, minnows and occasionally on artificial lures or baits. They can be spearfished, as well, but are sometimes a tough target, as they tend to be more wary of divers, rather than curious, and their wariness of baits and divers tends to increase as the fish grow larger. Most mangrove snapper are caught on light to medium tackle, and typical catches range from eight to 14 in long in shallow or in-shore waters, and up to 20 in long in deeper waters. Larger fish are uncommon, but not rare.

</doc>
<doc id="5960915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960915" title="Rain, Swabia">
Rain, Swabia

Rain (also: "Rain (Lech)") is a municipality in the Donau-Ries district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Lech, close to its confluence with the Danube, 11 km east of Donauwörth.
Rain is on the B16 road and served by the Danube Valley Railway ("Donautalbahn"), both of which run between Ulm and Regensburg.
The earliest reference to Rain is in a document of the Niederschönenfeld monastery dated 4 July 1257, wherein it is described as a ""civitas nostra"" or ducal town. It is most probable that Rain was founded during the reign of Otto II Wittelsbach, Duke of Bavaria (1248–1253) or at the latest in the reign of Louis II, Duke of Bavaria (1253–1294) before 1257.
Rain was founded for economic and strategic reasons. The town protected Bavaria from the northwest and collected customs from its bridge over the river Lech.
On 15 April 1632 during the Thirty Years War the Battle of Rain took place. The Protestant army of Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden defeated the army of the Catholic League commanded by Johann Tserclaes von Tilly. Tilly withdrew his troops to Ingolstadt, where he died from tetanus from an infected gunshot wound in his thigh.
In 1914 a monument commemorating Tilly was erected in front of Rain's Rococo town hall. Rain's architectural heritage also includes the Roman Catholic parish church of St John the Baptist, which features late Gothic frescoes dating from about 1480. There is also the Schwabian Gate, the historic Spital with its All Saints' chapel and the former Castle.
Rain has three museums: the Lachner Brothers Museum, Homeland Museum and Jean-Duprai-Museum. The four Lachner brothers, Theodor, Franz, Ignaz and Vinzenz, were nineteenth-century German composers, all of whom were born in the town.
Other historic figures from Rain include lawyer and astronomer Johann Bayer (1562–1625), humanist Georg Tannstetter (1482–1535) and pianist Michael Raucheisen (1889–1984).
Rain is the headquarters of the Dehner chain of garden centres, which employs 1,100 people in the town. Rain's other industries include a sugar refinery employing 240-280 people.
Rain is twinned with Tougan, capital of the province of Sourou in Burkina Faso.

</doc>
<doc id="5960919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960919" title="Evonne">
Evonne

Evonne is a given name, an English respelling of Yvonne. Well-known women named Evonne include:

</doc>
<doc id="5960938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960938" title="KD Hang Tuah">
KD Hang Tuah

KD "Hang Tuah" is the second of the two frigates operated by Tentera Laut DiRaja Malaysia (Royal Malaysian Navy) since the 1970s before the commissioning of newer ships , , and in the 1990s.
Construction.
"Hang Tuah" was a singleton vessel, originally built for Ghana. It was to be named "Black Star" and function as the flagship of Ghana's navy as well as presidential yacht for Kwame Nkrumah. After Nkrumah was ousted in 1966, the new government cancelled the order due to the excessive cost (around GBP 5 million at that time, equivalent to £ today).
As the vessel was not completely finished, it was kept at anchor for several years and eventually transferred from the Firth of Clyde to Portsmouth Dockyard in April 1972 and then to Chatham Dockyard to be refitted to bring her up to Royal Navy standards.
Design.
The basic design of the ship was based on the Royal Navy Type 41/Type 61 hull and machinery, but modified to suit the requirements of the Ghana Navy. The hull was flush decked, and the exhausts streamlined into a single funnel.
There were extra accommodation areas in the superstructure and the armament was kept relatively simple to keep the cost down. Mounted forward of the bridge was a Mark 19 mounting with twin 4 inch guns, there were four single Bofors 40 mm guns around the upper superstructure, and a Squid A/S mortar mounted aft. Sonar Types 170 and 176 were carried as was a Plessey AWS-1 radar on the foremast and a navigational radar forward of this on a platform.
The ship had a displacement of 2,300 tons as standard, had a maximum speed of 24 knots and a complement of 177 officers and men in Royal Navy service.
Royal Navy service.
She was finally commissioned on 16 May 1973 into the Royal Navy as with a pennant number of F76 and after working up, was dispatched to the Far East where she was based at Singapore. Her light armament and minimal sensor fittings made her unsuitable for a role in the European environment but could provide a useful presence in the Far East, undertaking what is now known as 'defence diplomacy' roles. She stood in for (the guardship for Hong Kong) at times and stood by at the end of the Vietnam War in case British nationals had to be evacuated from Saigon.
Upon returning home she was involved in an unfortunate collision with the minesweeper during a NATO exercise that resulted in the "Fittleton"s sinking and the deaths of a number of the RNR crew. The "Mermaid" was used to protect UK trawlers during one of the Cod Wars with Iceland in the 1970s over fishing rights. The frigate and the Icelandic gunboat "Baldur" came into close contact on the high seas.
After being paid off she helped to conduct trials on a moving target indicator system that helped radar to pick out targets moving against the clutter generated by the surface of the sea.
Royal Malaysian Navy service.
In April 1977 she was transferred to the Royal Malaysian Navy and replaced "Hang Tuah", the ex- . Although "Mermaid" took her predecessor's name, the Malaysian Navy retained the British pennant number F76. For a number of years she served as the flagship of the Royal Malaysian Navy after joining as the two major assets of the Royal Malaysian Navy.
"Hang Tuah" became a training ship in 1992. Between 1995 and 1997, the ship was subject to a major refit, with two new diesel engines being fitted, with a power of giving a speed of , the obsolete 4 inch guns being replaced by a Bofors 57 mm gun, and the Limbo anti-submarine mortar and sonars being removed. Presently "Hang Tuah" is serving as a training ship and is assigned to Frigate Squadron 21. The Commanding Officer is Captain Zualkafly bin Haji Ahmad, TLDM.

</doc>
<doc id="5960942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960942" title="Roberto Iglesias">
Roberto Iglesias

Roberto Raúl Iglesias (born 25 February 1951) is an Argentine Radical Civic Union (UCR) politician, a former leader of the party and formerly a deputy and governor of Mendoza Province.
Iglesias was born in Mendoza, Argentina, and enrolled at the local campus of the National Technological University, earning a degree in construction engineering. He was elected City Councilman in 1991, and Mayor of Mendoza, in 1995. Joining an alliance between the UCR and FrePaSo, he was elected Governor of Mendoza Province in 1999. He stepped down in 2003, being elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies.
In December 2005, Iglesias succeeded Ángel Rozas as President of the national committee of the Radical Civic Union, effectively leader of the party. In gaining the position, he took a hard-line approach against Peronist President Néstor Kirchner, largely opposing efforts to re-align the Radicals alongside the left-wing Kirchner.
Iglesias had supported fellow UCR member, Julio Cobos, to succeed him as governor in 2003, but they subsequently fell out in a high-profile manner. Cobos became a leading supporter of President Kirchner in Radical ranks, taking a more left-wing position, and Iglesias leading the opposition to Kirchner ahead of the 2007 elections. He threatened to resign if the UCR did not deal with deputies and governors who align themselves with Kirchner.
Iglesias led negotiations to find a suitable candidate for the UCR to back in the 2007 Presidential elections. Roberto Lavagna, a former minister under Kirchner who subsequently opposed his policies, appeared to be the favoured candidate for the majority of the Party. However, Iglesias eventually resigned the presidency of the party in November 2006 due to differences with Lavagna, having reached the conclusion that an alliance with him would be a mistake, and joined the camp which maintained that the party should look for its own candidate (the so-called Radicales R).
On 1 December 2006 the UCR National Committee appointed Jujuy Province Senator Gerardo Morales as its new president. Morales stated that he wanted to follow the mandate of the Rosario convention (that is, looking for a possible alliance with Roberto Lavagna) and went on to become Lavagna's running mate in the presidential election of October 2007, coming third. Cobos meanwhile was elected Vice President as the running mate of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. Iglesias stood to be governor of Mendoza once again but came fourth with less than 10% of the vote. He left the Chamber of Deputies at the same election.
Iglesias has accepted the request of Morales to plan together the future of the UCR, including to consider an alliance with the centre-left and a way to accommodate those Radicals who have hitherto backed Kirchnerism in the Plural Consensus.

</doc>
<doc id="5960966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960966" title="Hugh Lowther">
Hugh Lowther

Hugh Lowther may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5960974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960974" title="New England Riptide">
New England Riptide

The New England Riptide is a dormant women's softball team based in Lowell, Massachusetts. Since the 2004 season, they have played as a member of National Pro Fastpitch. Operations were suspended in February 2009. The NPF website does not list the Riptide as a current team.
History.
2004.
The 2004 season ended with the Riptide having a record of 25 wins and 35 losses. The Riptide finished fourth in the league for the regular season. The Riptide lost the championship game to the NY/NJ Juggernaut.
2005.
The Riptide finished the season with a record of 25 wins and 23 losses in the year following their championship appearance. The pitching staff was led by Jocelyn Forest and Danielle Henderson during the 2005 season. Forest who had an ERA of 1.09 in 77 innings pitched, finished the season with an 8-2 record. Henderson lead the Riptide with 125 innings pitched, and had season ERA of 1.96 and 150 strikeouts in the 2005 season. The offense was highlighted by Kellie Wilkerson who led the Riptide in average (.435), on-base percentage (.602), slugging percentage (.681), stolen bases (6), walks (28), and home runs (4). In addition to being the leader of the offense, Wilkerson also filled in pitching during the season.
2006.
During the 2006 season the Riptide finished with a record of 24 wins and 17 losses, in the 41 games the team played during the season. Once again Jocelyn Forest led the Riptide pitching staff. Forest recorded 15 wins during the season which was both a team and league high. In 130 innings pitched, Forest had a 1.29 ERA and 107 strikeouts. The Riptide received very well balanced offensive attack in the 2006 season with many different offensive leaders including Lyndsey Angus, Lindy Winkler, and Tarrah Beyster.
NPF championship.
The New England Riptide defeat the Connecticut Brakettes by a 2-0 margin, to win their first ever NPF Championship. Jocelyn Forest receives the NPF Championship Series Most Valuable Player award following her impressive performance which includes striking out seven and stranding seven Brakettes on base.
2007.
The Riptide finished the 2007 with 26 wins and 18 losses, and as a result finished 3rd in the league. Eileen Canney was the ace of the Riptide pitching staff during the 2007 season and finished the season with 9-6 record. Also during the 2007 campaign Canney had 1.16 ERA and 137 strikeouts, both of which were league highs. The Riptide also had very strong seasons from Erica Beach, Jocelyn Forest, and Danielle Henderson, who helped to anchor the pitching staff. During the 2007 season Scott Shanel lead the offense with a .324 batting average, 34 stolen bases, 26 walks, and 35 runs. However, during the season the offense was very well balanced eight players having an average over .250.
2008.
In the 2008 season the Riptide finished with a record of 22 wins and 26 losses, which earned them 4th place in the league. During the 2008 season the Riptide were led by Eileen Canney who had a 2.29 earned run average and 13 wins. Also during the 2008 season Canney had 150.1 innings pitched, and 18 complete games. On the offensive side the Riptide were led by Jackie Pasquerella and Jess Merchant. Pasquerella lead the riptide in average (.354) and hits (45) for the season. Merchant provided more of the power threat leading the Riptide in home runs (6), doubles (7), and RBI’s (26).
2009/2010.
The 2009 and 2010 seasons both passed by without any participation in the league by the New England Riptide. Due to lack of sponsorship and fan support, the Riptide was unable to field a team.

</doc>
<doc id="5960975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960975" title="Charles, Prince of Soubise">
Charles, Prince of Soubise

Charles de Rohan (16 July 1715 – 1 July 1787), duke of Rohan-Rohan, seigneur of Roberval, and marshal of France from 1758, was a military man, and a minister to the kings Louis XV and Louis XVI. The last male of his branch of the House of Rohan, he was also the great grandfather to the duc d'Enghien, executed by Napoleon in 1804. Styled "prince d'Epinoy" at birth, he became the Prince of Soubise after 1749.
Biography.
The prince was born at Versailles on 16 January 1715, the son of Jules, Prince of Soubise, lieutenant captain of the gendarmes of the Royal Guard, and of Anne Julie Adélaïde de Melun. The eldest of five children, he was styled the Prince of Epinoy till his father's death in 1724. 
His parents died in Paris of smallpox in 1724, remaining his siblings, including Marie Louise, making them orphans. His sister lost her husband to smallpox in 1743.
He was entrusted to his grandfather Hercule Mériadec, Duke of Rohan-Rohan, who raised Soubise to the court, where he became the companion of Louis XV, who was the same age as he. One of his great grandmothers was Madame de Ventadour, via his paternal grandmother Anne Genevieve de Levis; Madame de Ventadour, who died in 1744, was close to her great grandson. 
He accompanied Louis XV in the campaign of 1744-1748 and attained high military rank, which owed more to his courtiership than to his generalship.
Soon after the beginning of the Seven Years' War, through the influence of Madame de Pompadour, he was put in command of a corps of 24,000 men, and in November 1757 he sustained the crushing defeat of Rossbach. Along with the failure to hold Hanover following the Invasion of Hanover (1757) this marked a dramatic turnaround for French fortunes as just months before they have seemed on the brink of victory.
He was more fortunate, however, in his later military career, and continued in the service until the general peace of 1763, after which he lived the life of an ordinary courtier and man of fashion in Paris.
"Soubise" also refers to a culinary dish with a sauce made with a rice and onion purée, named to compliment Charles de Rohan, prince of Soubise: see sauce Soubise.
Marriages.
Charles married three times: 

</doc>
<doc id="5960977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960977" title="Doug Brocail">
Doug Brocail

Douglas Keith Brocail (born May 16, 1967) is a former American Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher. He is currently a special assistant to the general manager and will also serve as the club's senior pitching advisor for the Houston Astros.
Playing career.
High school years.
Brocail attended Lamar High School in Lamar, Colorado where he won All-State honors in football, basketball, and baseball.
Major league career.
Doug was the first round draft pick of the San Diego Padres in 1986, but did not make his major league debut until 1992 because of injuries sustained in the minors. Initially a starter, Brocail went 4–13 in his first full season (1993) before being converted to relief. More arm problems kept Brocail out of the major leagues for nearly four years (2000–04).
Coaching career.
After the Houston Astros fired pitching coach Brad Arnsberg on June 14, 2011, Brocail was named the interim pitching coach.
In October 2013, Brocail was reassigned by the Astros to the role of special assistant.
Personal life.
Doug and his wife Lisa have five daughters: Taylor, McKinzie, Madisyne, Camdyn and Parker Elisabeth. The family lives in Missouri City, Texas.
On September 13, 2004, Brocail was involved in an incident at the McAfee Coliseum, when the Texas Rangers were playing the Oakland Athletics. His rookie teammate Frank Francisco, angry at a fan for heckling Brocail, hoisted a folded chair into the stands, striking a female fan and breaking her nose. Brocail would later pitch of an inning.
Brocail underwent angioplasty on March 11, 2006. He had complained of chest tightness that radiated into both arms. He already was being treated for an abscessed tooth and asthma. He only returned to the active roster on July 14.

</doc>
<doc id="5960979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960979" title="Winam Gulf">
Winam Gulf

Winam Gulf is a significant extension of northeastern Lake Victoria into western Kenya. 
Formerly known as Kavirondo Gulf, Nyanza Gulf, and Lake Nyanza Gulf, it is a shallow inlet and is connected to the main lake by Rusinga Channel (3 mi wide), which is partly masked from the main body of the lake by islands. The port of Kisumu, Kenya's third largest city, stands on its northeastern shore. It has an average width of 16 mi (25 km) & extends for 40 miles (64 km) from Kisumu to the channel. Significant bays in the gulf include Naya Bay, Nyakach Bay, Osodo Bay, Kendu Bay, Homa Bay, Ruri Bay, Mirunda Bay, Asembo Bay and Olambwe Bay. Islands in the gulf include Maboko, Rusinga and Ndere Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="5960988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960988" title="List of castles in Lithuania">
List of castles in Lithuania

Most of Lithuania's early castles were wooden and have not survived. Those that remain are of stone and brick construction dating from the 13th century onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="5960989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960989" title="Ranis">
Ranis

Ranis is a town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 15 km east of Saalfeld, and 30 km south of Jena.

</doc>
<doc id="5960991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960991" title="Clan Henderson">
Clan Henderson

The Clan Henderson (Clann Eanruig) is a Scottish clan.
History.
Origins.
There are three origins for the Scottish surname of Henderson. The Hendersons who lived in the Scottish Borders seem to be simply the "sons of Henry", and here the name is often found in the variant of Henryson. Although these Hendersons were not a significant power in the Borders they were still classed as a riding clan. In about 1374 William Henderson was chamberlain of Lochmaben Castle. He is believed to have died in about 1395.
There were also Hendersons who were septs of the Clan MacDonald of Glencoe and septs of the Clan Gunn in the far north of the country. There is no known connection between the Hendersons of Clan Gunn and Clan MacDonald or the Hendersons of the Scottish Borders.
16th century.
In 1513 James Henderson of Fordell was killed along with his eldest son at the Battle of Flodden.
The clan spread from Dumfrieshire to Liddesdale, however they do not appear in the list of border clans that were named by Parliament in 1594, when it was attempting to suppress the Border Reivers. From the Dumfrieshire family of Hendersons descended James Henderson or Henryson who became Lord Advocate in about 1494. He was later appointed to the Bench. He acquired lands in Fordell, Fife and erected a mansion (Fordell Castle). Fordell became the designation of the Lowland Henderson chiefs and it is from them that the present chiefs are descended.
17th century and civil war.
One of the most prominent of the Clan Henderson was Alexander Henderson of Fordell who was born in about 1583. He was educated at the University of St Andrews where he became a Master of Arts and a Professor of Philosophy before 1611. He later became the minister of the parish of Leuchars and was violently opposed to Charles I's attempts to reform the Church of Scotland. He was especially opposed to the new prayer book and travelled to Edinburgh where he presented a petition to the Privy Council, stating that the book had not received the sanction of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland or the Parliament. Henderson and Johnston of Warriston together drafted the National Covenant which was first swon and subscribed in Greyfriars Kirk in Edinburgh. Henderson was unanimously elected moderator of the General Assembly in Glasgow in 1638 and was therefore at the forefront of church politics during the troubled reign of Charles I. Henderson was also responsible for drafting the Solemn League and Covenant in 1643. When the king sundered himself to the Scottish army it was to Henderson that he sent to discuss with his disaffected subjects. Henderson met with the king but failed in his attempts to make him accede to the Church's demands. Henderson died due to ill health in August 1646 and was buried in Greyfriars church yard, the scene of his greatest triumph and where there is a monument to him.
Meanwhile John Henderson, 5th of Fordell fought as a staunch royalist for the king during the Scottish Civil War.
Hendersons of Clan MacDonald of Glencoe.
There were Hendersons in the far north of the country who lived in Glen Coe, in the Highlands. The English version of their name is taken from the Gaelic "Maceanruig", claiming descent from a pictish prince, Eanruig Mor Mac Righ Neachtain, or "big Henry son of King Neachtain". Neachtain (Nechtan mac Der-Ilei) is said to have reigned between 700 and 724. It is not known when the Hendersons came to Glen Coe but it appears that the last of their chiefs in the direct line produced an heiress, who according to tradition had a son by her lover Aonghas Óg of Islay, and that their son was Ian Fraoch. Ian Fraoch's son was Iain Abrach whose patronymic was MacIain and that became the designation of the chiefs of the MacDonalds of Glencoe. The Hendersons were the body guards of the chiefs of the Clan MacDonald of Glencoe. In 1692 when the Massacre of Glencoe took place, the chief's personal attendant and piper, big Henderson of the chanters, who was said to be 6 feet, 7 inches tall, was among those killed.
Hendersons of Clan Gunn.
Another group of Hendersons lived in Caithness in the far north of the Scottish Highlands and were part of the Clan Gunn. Hendry, one of the younger sons of a chief of the Clan Gunn in the fifteenth century formed his own sept which took the name Henderson.
Chief.
The Chief of Clan Henderson is Alistair Donald Henderson of Fordell, an environmental engineer specialising in air pollution control who lives in Brisbane, Australia. The Chief is recognised by Lord Lyon, King of Arms, and is a member of the Standing Council of Scottish Chiefs.
Septs.
Septs and surname variations of the Clan Henderson include:
Gaelic variations:
Anglicised variations:
among others.
The surname spelling variations arose from regional pronunciation differences, and sometimes perversely creative spelling. Some individuals used multiple surname spellings, and sometimes different surname forms. For example, a traveling Henderson might use the surname MacEanruig in the Scottish Highlands, Henderson in the Lowlands, McHenry in Ulster, and Henry in England.

</doc>
<doc id="5960993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960993" title="Tohunga Suppression Act 1907">
Tohunga Suppression Act 1907

The Tohunga Suppression Act 1907 was an Act of the Parliament of New Zealand aimed to replace tohunga as traditional Māori healers with "modern" medicine.
It was introduced by James Carroll, with Māori prophet, faith healer and land rights activist Rua Kenana a specific target, but was never used against him and was repealed in 1962.
The Act.
The Act contained only four clauses, the first of which simply gave the short title. The second clause stated that "Every person who gathers Maoris around him by practising on their superstition or credulity, or who misleads or attempts to mislead any Maori by professing or pretending to possess supernatural powers in the treatment or cure of any disease, or in the foretelling of future events, or otherwise" was liable for prosecution. The first offence could be subject to a fine of up to 25 pounds or up to six months imprisonment. Subsequent offences could lead to a prison term of up to a year. However, no prosecution under the Act could be commenced without the consent of the Minister of Native Affairs.
The third section enabled the Governor of New Zealand to gazette regulations to enable the intention of the Act to be carried out. The fourth section repealed subsection 5 of section 16 of the Maori Councils Act, which allowed Maori Councils to license tohunga.
Background.
Parliament debated the Act with the argument "directed primarily at Rua Kenana". Members also portrayed the traditional practices in curing smallpox (and other introduced diseases) as ineffectual and sometimes dangerous. This led to characterisations of some tohunga as "bogus, ...exploiting their fellow Māori". Carroll expressed "impatience with what he considered regressive Māori attitudes".
Effects.
Tohunga were the holders of knowledge of most rites, and knowledge in general in wānanga. This included health matters, or rongoā, as tohunga were experts in the use of medicinal plants and herbs. European settlers noted the good health and fitness of Māori when they arrived but the diseases that arrived with them were impervious to traditional healing practices. The perceived loss of power of the tohunga, along with the missionary preachings, led many Māori to accept the new religion of the Pākehā in what was to become yet another destabilising factor to the traditional Māori lifestyle. Many tohunga declined to pass on their oral traditions leaving Māori bereft of much of their traditional base. Whatever the overt intentions, there was a paradigm of the time amongst English colonists that Māori were a "lost race", the effect of banning the practices of spiritual and cultural leaders was that it hastened the assimilation of Māori.
The Act was repealed in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="5960995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5960995" title="Arizona Heat">
Arizona Heat

The Arizona Heat is a women's softball team based in Tucson, Arizona. From the 2004 season, it played as a member of National Pro Fastpitch. The team's home games were played at historic Hi Corbett Field. 
Six of the players on the 2006 roster played college softball at the University of Arizona, and two more played for Arizona State University.
The team was suspended in February 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5961006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961006" title="Rastenberg">
Rastenberg

Rastenberg is a town in the district of Sömmerda, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 22 km east of Sömmerda, and 23 km northeast of Weimar.

</doc>
<doc id="5961007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961007" title="Li Ka Shing Foundation">
Li Ka Shing Foundation

The Li Ka Shing Foundation (李嘉誠基金會) is a Hong Kong-based charitable organization founded in 1980 by Hong Kong entrepreneur Li Ka-shing.
The Third Son.
Li Ka-shing considers the Li Ka Shing Foundation to be his "third son" and has pledged to donate one-third of his assets to support philanthropic projects. He has called for other Asian entrepreneurs to do the same, in the hope of altering the traditional notion of passing wealth through lineage.
The Li Ka Shing Foundation's story stretches back over three decades: Having grown up witness to suffering and illness, Li Ka-shing cultivated a compassion that set in motion the idea of establishing a charitable foundation.
Mission.
Li Ka Shing Foundation supports projects that promote social progress through expanding access to quality education and medical services and research, encouraging cultural diversity and community involvement.
Every project and every donation stems from Li Ka-shing's belief in the inherent value of each human life, regardless of race, class, or circumstance. He has devoted himself to helping others overcome the educational and physical barriers preventing them from achieving their potential.
Major contribution.
To date, Li Ka Shing Foundation has granted approximately HK$14.5 billion (US$1.86 billion) in charitable donations, approximately 90% in support of education reform initiatives and medical services in Greater China region.
Hong Kong:
Mainland China:
Overseas:

</doc>
<doc id="5961016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961016" title="39th Battalion (Australia)">
39th Battalion (Australia)

The 39th Battalion was an infantry unit of the Australian Army. It was originally raised in February 1916 for service during World War I as part of First Australian Imperial Force. Making up part of the 10th Brigade, it was attached to the 3rd Division and served on the Western Front in France and Belgium before being disbanded in March 1919. Following the re-organisation of the Australian Army in 1921, the battalion was raised again as a unit of the Citizens Force, known as the "Hawthorn–Kew Regiment". In 1937, it was amalgamated with the 37th Battalion to become the 37th/39th Battalion. Later it was delinked with the 37th and amalgamated with the 24th Battalion to form the 24th/39th Battalion, before being raised again as a single unit in October 1941. During World War II the battalion was sent to New Guinea in 1942 and between July and August of that year the unit was heavily engaged in the defence of the Kokoda Trail during which time they fought several desperate actions against the Japanese as they attempted to hold out until further reinforcements could be brought up from Port Moresby. Such was their involvement in the battle that by the time they were withdrawn they could only muster 32 men and following its return to Australia, the unit was disbanded in early July 1943.
History.
World War I.
Formation.
The 39th Battalion was first formed on 21 February 1916 at the Ballarat Showgrounds, in Victoria, for service during World War I. Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Rankine, the battalion was raised as part of an expansion of the First Australian Imperial Force (1st AIF) that took place at the conclusion of the Gallipoli Campaign. The majority of the battalion's recruits came from the Western District of Victoria, and together with the 37th, 38th and 40th Battalions, it formed the 10th Brigade, which was part of the 3rd Division. Following a brief period of training in Ballarat, the 39th Battalion marched through Melbourne on 15 May as the city farewelled the unit and they subsequently embarked upon HMAT "Ascanius" on 27 May 1916, bound for the United Kingdom. Sailing via Cape Town, the battalion landed at Plymouth on 18 July 1916, and moved by train to Amesbury, before marching to Larkhill on Salisbury Plain, where they undertook a period of four months training before being sent to France in November. After completing the Channel crossing on 23/24 November, they landed at Le Havre and moved to the front by train. On the night of 10 December, the battalion took its place in the trenches along the Western Front, relieving its sister battalion, the 37th, around Houplines in the Armentieres sector. They remained at the front for the next week, as part of their introduction to trench warfare, during which time the battalion repelled a small German raid and sent out patrols into "no man's land".
Western Front.
After having endured a long winter in Flanders serving in mainly a defensive role, the battalion's first major engagement came at Messines, in Belgium in early June 1917. The battle began badly for the 39th. Near Ploegsteert Corner, during the march to the line of departure, the battalion suffered a high number of casualties following a German gas attack which subsequently resulted the 39th only being able to muster about a third of its manpower for the attack, amounting to an assault force of only 120 men. Despite this, the 39th was quickly reorganised into a single wave, and attacking on the 10th Brigade's right, it subsequently overcame the initial German opposition facing them and then, during the second phase of the battle advanced south of Douve, on the southern edge of the Messines Ridge. It was involved in further fighting north of Grey Farm, where they were initially held up by German machine-gun fire, but after this was overcome they continued to advance to their final objective, eventually digging-in beyond the farm, having managed to capture all of its objectives. Later, in October, the 39th Battalion took part in two other major attacks in that same sector, firstly at Broodseinde and then at Passchendaele, the first of which was a brilliant success, while the second was a disastrous failure.
During the fighting around Broodseinde on 4 October, the 39th formed the third wave of the 10th Brigade's attack, which went in around 6:00 am. Following up the 37th and 38th Battalions, they advanced against strongly held pill-boxes towards the Gravenstafel Switch. After digging-in, a party from the 39th joined the 40th Battalion as it launched the final wave in the brigade's attack. As the 40th came up against stiff opposition, more men from the 39th were pushed forward and the objective was finally secured around 11:00 am. After the battle, the 39th remained in the line until 6 October, when it was withdrawn back to Morbecque for reorganisation and rest. A couple of days later, the battalion was recommitted to the fighting and ordered to advance towards Passchendaele Ridge, attacking on the morning of 12 October despite heavy rain the previous evening. In the heavy fighting that followed, the battalion managed to secure its first objective, but was forced to withdraw when its flanks became threatened as neighbouring units had been unable to advance with them through the thick mud.
Over the course of the next five months, the 39th Battalion rotated between the front line and rear areas, holding the line in Belgium throughout winter. In the spring of 1918, when the German Army launched its last effort at victory, known as the Spring Offensive, the 39th was among the many Australian battalions that were hurriedly moved south to France in order to stem the tide of the German onslaught towards Amiens; fighting a series of defensive actions in the Somme between late March and early June. When the Allies launched their own offensive – the Hundred Days Offensive – on 8 August 1918, the battalion along with the rest of the 10th Brigade, was serving as the divisional reserve and they did not participate in the advance that has since become known as one of the greatest days for the Allies on the Western Front. On 10 August, the battalion was committed to battle once more, undertaking an attack on the village of Proyart, but this attack was ill-conceived and ultimately failed. Despite this, the battalion remained in the line throughout August and early September as the 3rd Division advanced through the Somme Valley.
The battalion undertook its last major action of the war at the end of September 1918 when, serving alongside the Americans, they breached parts of the Hindenburg Line along the St Quentin Canal. During this final battle, the battalion's long serving commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel Robert Henderson, who had taken command in February 1917 before the battalion's first major battle, was killed in action. Late on 2 October, while around Gillemont Crescent, the 39th was relieved and the battalion was removed from the line to undertake training and reorganisation. In the middle of October, the 39th was bolstered by a company of reinforcements from the 37th, which had been disbanded to help make up losses in the other 10th Brigade units. Nevertheless, the 39th did not see action again and they were still at the rear when the Armistice was declared on 11 November 1918. With the fighting over, the process of demobilisation began and slowly the men began marching out for repatriation to Australia. Finally, in March 1919, the 39th Battalion was disbanded. At this point, the battalion's remaining personnel were amalgamated with other units to form the 10th Demobilisation Regiment, with the last of its soldiers returning to Australia in May.
During the course of the war the 39th Battalion suffered 405 men killed, while a further 1,637 were wounded. Members of the battalion received the following decorations: one Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (MBE), two Distinguished Service Orders (DSOs), 14 Distinguished Conduct Medals (DCMs), 14 Military Crosses (MCs), 78 Military Medals (MMs) with three bars, and 22 Mentions in Dispatches (MIDs). For their involvement in the fighting on the Western Front, the 39th Battalion were awarded 14 battle honours in 1927.
Inter-war years.
At the end of World War I there was a wholesale disbandment of units of the Australian Army as the wartime Army was disbanded and its personnel demobilised. In 1921, it was decided that there was a need to raise a part-time military force, known as the Citizens Force, which would take responsibility for the defence of the Australian mainland. This force was organised along the same lines of the 1st AIF, and the units raised kept the same numerical designation as the 1st AIF battalions. The AIF ceased to exist officially on 1 April 1921, and the Citizens Force was reorganised the following month on 1 May, adopting the numerical designations and structures of the AIF. As a part of this, the 39th Battalion was raised in 1921 in Melbourne. Upon formation, the battalion was attached to the 10th Brigade, 3rd Division, and the battalion drew personnel from the 22nd and 24th Infantry Regiments and the 29th Light Horse.
In 1927, territorial designations were adopted and the battalion assumed the title of the "Hawthorn Regiment". Three years later this was changed to the "Hawthorne–Kew Regiment". It assumed the motto of "Factis Non Verbis" in 1927. Initially, the battalion was kept up to strength with volunteers and men serving under the terms of the compulsory training scheme, but in 1929 the scheme was suspended by the newly elected Scullin Labor government and the Citizen Forces were renamed the Militia. The combination of the end to compulsory training and the financial hardships of the Great Depression meant that there were few volunteers available as men could not risk losing their jobs to undertake training and as a result throughout the 1930s a number of units were amalgamated or disbanded as the size of the Army was reduced. In 1937, the 39th Battalion was merged with the 37th Battalion, before later being delinked with the 37th and being amalgamated with the 24th Battalion, becoming the 24th/39th Battalion. An alliance with the Dorsetshire Regiment was approved in 1930.
World War II.
Formation.
On 1 October 1941, the Australian Military Board issued an order re-raising the 39th Battalion as a single battalion of the Australian Military Forces, as Militiamen were called up for national service. The intent was to raise the battalion to relieve the Queensland-based 49th Battalion, which was serving as a garrison force around Port Moresby, and from the outset the battalion was formed from men who were transferred from a variety of infantry and light horse units, including the 24th/39th Battalion that had been deployed at Nagambie Road, in Seymour, Victoria, as well as elements from the Militia 2nd Cavalry and 3rd and 4th Infantry Divisions. Lieutenant Colonel Hugh Conran became the battalion's new commanding officer, having previously served with the 23rd Battalion during World War I, and in the Citizens Military Force after the war.
The battalion headquarters was opened at Darley Camp, near Bacchus Marsh, and by 8 October 1941, a nucleus of officers and senior non-commissioned officers (NCOs), many of whom had experience from World War I, had prepared the battalion for the arrival of the soldiers or other ranks (ORs) that would bring it up to its required establishment. On 10 October 1941, the first draft of nine officers and 523 men from the 3rd Infantry Division assembled at Caulfield Racecourse Transit Camp and were transported by rail to Darley Camp. The following day numbers increased further with the arrival of another seven officers and 400 men from the 2nd Cavalry and 4th Infantry Divisions. Later, in June 1942, after it had arrived in New Guinea, the battalion's strength was bolstered with the transfer of 16 officers from the Second Australian Imperial Force (2nd AIF), including a new commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel William Owen.
On 21 November 1941, the 39th Battalion paraded through the streets of Melbourne with weapons. It had taken 52 days to form the battalion and while the battalion had still been understrength, they were declared ready for training. In the end, however, as events in the Pacific unfolded, this training was cut short and the battalion was only able to undertake one training exercise in this time. This exercise was code named the "Battle of Corangamite", and was conducted in the Victorian Western District, at the end of October.
Two days after the Japanese attack on the US fleet at Pearl Harbor and the British in Malaya, on 9 December 1941 the battalion was ordered to "prepare to move" as it was mobilised for war service. The threat of invasion by the Japanese changed the strategic situation and with it the planning forecasts of the Australian high command. As such, instead of relieving the 49th Battalion, the 39th was combined with the 49th and the New South Wales-based 53rd Battalion to form the 30th Brigade, and plans were made for the entire formation to deploy to New Guinea. Christmas Day 1941 was spent in camp, before the 39th Battalion was loaded onto two trains the following day for a rapid move north. One train went straight to Albury and the other departed from Spencer Street Station, Melbourne, two hours later. Both trains arrived in Sydney at 10:40 hours, on 27 December 1941. The battalion then detrained and moved by ferry to Woolloomooloo Wharf where the 1,068 officers, NCOs and men of the battalion boarded the passenger ship the "Aquitania" bound for New Guinea.
Kokoda Track.
Initially upon their arrival in New Guinea in January 1942 the 39th Battalion was used to defend the airfield at Seven Mile Aerodrome near Port Moresby and to carry out various other garrison tasks such as building defences and unloading stores at the wharf. In May 1942, the battalion's commanding officer, Conran, was deemed medically unfit for service and on 24 May he relinquished command. In June 1942, as the military situation in New Guinea deteriorated further, the battalion received orders to move up the Kokoda Track in order to act as a blocking force against the possibility of a Japanese advance overland from the north. In order to counter this threat, Maroubra Force composed of troops the 39th Battalion and the Papuan Infantry Battalion (PIB) were sent to Kokoda, arriving there on 15 July. This move proved prescient as a large Japanese force landed at Gona only a week later, and they quickly began to move inland towards Kokoda.
The first clash occurred at Awala on 23 July, when a platoon from 'B' Company, under the command of Captain Sam Templeton, having destroyed the footbridge over the Kumusi River, engaged the Japanese on the far side of the river. The Australians were forced to withdraw, however, when hundreds of Japanese marines began crossing the river under a barrage of mortar and machine gun fire. They withdrew only a few miles, before Templeton set up a successful ambush for the advancing Japanese on the banks of the Gorari Creek. Nevertheless, they were forced back further towards the high ground at Oivi where they attempted to make a stand while Templeton tried to make contact with battalion headquarters and the rest of the battalion who were spread out further along the track, in order to get more reinforcements.
On the evening of 29 July the Japanese attacked the main position Kokoda. There were only 80 men from 'B' Company left at that time, and armed only with small arms and a few Bren light machine guns, they were no match for the assaulting Japanese. Casualties on both sides were high as the Australians resorted to hand-to-hand combat, and the battalion's commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel William Owen, who had flown in to take over the battalion following Templeton's death, was killed while organising the withdrawal. It became clear that Kokoda was lost and the following morning, under the cover of a dense mist, with the PIB's commanding officer, Major William Watson, assuming temporary command, the survivors abandoned the position and fell back towards the village of Deniki, a mile or so back along the Kokoda Track towards Isurava.
The remnants of 'B' Company regrouped at Deniki, but they were in a bad state and when on 4 August, Major Allan Cameron, brigade major of the 30th Brigade, arrived to take command of Maroubra Force, most of them were sent back to Isurava in disgrace as he was under the mistaken belief that they had run away from the fighting. Nevertheless, on 8 August the rest of the 39th Battalion, now without the only troops who had any experience fighting the Japanese, launched a counterattack at Kokoda. They managed to secure one side of the airfield, but due to the close proximity of the Japanese on the other side, relief aircraft were unable to land and short of food and ammunition, they were forced to fall back to Deniki once again after almost two days of fighting. They eventually managed to halt the Japanese advance and on 14 August Maroubra Force fell back to Isurava.
At this point the fighting ceased for almost two weeks and during this time the 39th was joined by the 53rd and the 30th Brigade headquarters; and Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Honner arrived from Ilolo to take command. Reaching the battalion at Isurava on 16 August, he subsequently began organising the battalion's defence of Isurava. On 23 August Brigadier Arnold Potts took over command of Maroubra Force and further reinforcements arrived as first the 2/14th, 2/16th and later the 2/27th Battalions from the 7th Division's 21st Brigade also reached the area. Despite this, the situation remained bleak as the supply issue was becoming a serious problem for the Australians and the reinforcements that had arrived were also in a state of disarray having been committed to the battle in a piecemeal fashion and suffering badly from hunger and disease.
Although the Japanese were experiencing similar problems in relation to supplies, they began their advance once again on 26 August and despite several rugged defensive actions the Australians were forced back again, first to Eora Creek on 30 August, then Templeton's Crossing on 2 September, and finally to Efogi three days later. Exhausted from their efforts and no longer able to be considered an effective fighting force, the 39th was relieved and sent down the track to Koitaki to rest. They had done the job that was required of them, having stalled the Japanese advance in order to allow reinforcements to be brought up. These reinforcements came in the shape of the 25th Brigade, comprising the 2/25th, 2/31st and 2/33rd Battalions. Bitter fighting ensued and the Australians withdrew once again on 17 September, this time to Imita Ridge; however, the Japanese had reached their limit and on 24 September began to withdraw. By 2 November, Kokoda was back in Australian hands.
Fighting around Gona and disbandment.
Following the 39th Battalion's withdrawal from the line in September 1942, they spent a month at Koitaki before being sent back to Port Moresby in mid-October, where they were detailed to prepare defensive positions. In November, they were attached to the 21st Brigade, and throughout December the 39th Battalion was involved in further fighting as the brigade fought around Gona. During this time the 39th suffered heavy casualties, but the fighting continued and having captured the Gona Mission, the battalion moved to the Sanananda Track on 21 December, taking up a forward position at Huggins' Road Block. In the New Year the battalion was withdrawn to Soputa and returned to the 30th Brigade. They had suffered heavy casualties and in January 1943, when it was flown back to Port Moresby, it had a frontage of only seven officers and 25 men. In February, the 39th was ordered to prepare for operations in the Wau area, in anticipation of a further Japanese attack, but this attack did not eventuate and on 12 March the 39th Battalion embarked for the return journey to Australia.
Following the 39th Battalion's return to Australia, the men were given a period of leave before 30th Brigade was reconstituted on the Atherton Tablelands in Queensland. Initially, the plan was to reorganise the brigade and rebuild it prior to returning it to New Guinea, but in July it was decided that the 30th Brigade, along with its component battalions—the 39th, 49th, and 3rd Battalions—would be disbanded and used to reinforce the 16th and 19th Brigades. This came into effect on 3 July 1943 and as a result of this decision, the Militiamen that had been called up for service were transferred to the 36th Battalion, a Militia battalion from New South Wales, while those who had volunteered for overseas service were sent to the 2/2nd Battalion; both of these units later saw further service in New Guinea.
At the end of the battalion's involvement in the fighting in New Guinea, 1,666 men had served in its ranks. The battalion suffered 403 combat casualties, which consisted of 118 killed in action, 13 died of wounds, five died other causes, and 266 wounded in action. Illness and disease also took a heavy toll and as a result, after six months of combat the 39th Battalion's muster roll was only seven officers and 25 other ranks. For their service during World War II members of the 39th Battalion received the following decorations: two MBEs, one DSO, four DCMs, seven MCs, 10 MMs, one US Distinguished Service Cross and 11 MIDs. The 39th received eight battle honours for the war in 1961; it was the only Australian unit to receive the "Kokoda Trail" battle honour.
Battle honours.
The 39th Battalion received the following battle honours:
Legacy.
Since the end of the war, the 39th Battalion's involvement in the fighting around Kokoda has become a significant part of the narrative surrounding the Anzac legend and Australia's emergence as a modern nation. The battalion's actions were first shown in Damien Parer's 1942 film "Kokoda Front Line", and more recently in the 2006 Australian movie "Kokoda", which was based partly on Victor Austin's "To Kokoda and Beyond".
After the war when Australia's part-time military forces were reformed in 1948, while many battalions that had been disbanded during the war were re-raised, the 39th was not. On 8 August 2006, the Australian Army raised the 39th (Personnel Support) Battalion (later re-designated the 39th Operational Support Battalion), adopting the 39th's numerical designation in order to perpetuate them on the order of battle. During the ceremony that was held at the Shrine of Remembrance in Melbourne, the Governor General, Major General Michael Jeffery, described the 39th Battalion as some of "Australia's most gallant soldiers", stating that the Australian nation was indebted to them for "their heroic service".

</doc>
<doc id="5961020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961020" title="Robert Wolff">
Robert Wolff

Robert Wolff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5961026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961026" title="Rauenberg, Kraichgau">
Rauenberg, Kraichgau

Rauenberg is a town in the district of Rhein-Neckar-Kreis, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 15 km south of Heidelberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5961029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961029" title="Western Army (Ottoman Empire)">
Western Army (Ottoman Empire)

The Western Army of the Ottoman Empire (Turkish: "Garp Ordusu") was one of the field armies of the Ottoman Army. It was formed during the mobilization phase of the First Balkan War. It confronted Serbian, Greek, Montenegrin and Bulgarian armies. It numbered app. 154,000 troops and 372 artillery.
Order of Battle, 19 October 1912.
On 19 October 1912, the army was structured as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5961044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961044" title="Ulmus minor subsp. plotii">
Ulmus minor subsp. plotii

"Ulmus minor" subsp. "plotii" (Mill.) Richens, known as Plot's Elm, or Lock Elm, is only found growing naturally in England, where it is encountered mainly in the East Midlands, notably around the River Witham in Lincolnshire and in the Trent Valley around Newark on Trent. It has been described as Britain's rarest native elm, and it is recorded by The Wildlife Trust as a nationally scarce species.
As with other members of the Field Elm group, the taxonomy of Plot's Elm is a matter of contention, several authorities recognizing it as a species in its own right. Indeed, it is as "U. plotii" that the specimens held by the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew and Wakehurst Place are listed. Richens, however, contended that it is simply one of the more distinctive clones of the polymorphous "Ulmus minor", conjecturing that its incidence in the English Midlands may have been linked to its use as a distinctive marker along Drovers' roads.
Henry miscalled the tree Goodyer's Elm "Ulmus stricta" (now "U. minor" subsp. "angustifolia") var. "goodyeri" Melville. The trees Goodyer discovered were near the coast at Pennington, Hampshire, some 200 miles away and very dissimilar in structure.
Description.
Before the advent of Dutch elm disease, this slender monopodial tree grew to a height of 30 m and was chiefly characterized by its cocked crown comprising a few short ascending branches; Richens likened its appearance to an ostrich feather.
The obovate to elliptic acuminate leaves are small, rarely > 4 cm in length, with comparatively few marginal teeth, usually < 70; the upper surfaces dull, with a scattering of minute tubercles and hairs.
The samarae rarely ripen, but when mature are narrowly obovate, < 13 mm in length, with a triangular open notch.
Pests and diseases.
"Ulmus minor" subsp. "plotii" is very susceptible to Dutch elm disease.
Cultivation.
An uncommon tree even before Dutch elm disease, "U. minor" subsp. "plotii" has also been affected by the destruction of hedgerows and by urban development within its limited range. Like other forms of the Field Elm, however, it suckers freely and is thus not considered critically endangered. Conservation measures are now in place to preserve known stands and to encourage propagation. Owing to its susceptibility to Dutch elm disease, it is no longer planted as an ornamental. It is the subject of a study at the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh by Dr Max Coleman titled 'The application of RAPDs to the critical taxonomy of the English endemic elm "Ulmus plotii" (sic) Druce'.
There are no known cultivars of this taxon, nor is it known to be in commerce in Europe.
Etymology.
The tree was first recognized as a distinct form by the Oxford botanist George Claridge Druce in 1908-11, who found examples at Banbury and Fineshade Abbey, and published descriptions with photographs. Druce named the tree for Dr Robert Plot, a 17th-century English naturalist. The synonym 'Lock Elm' is an allusion to the difficulty in working its timber. Bancroft referred to Plot's Elm as the East Anglian Elm, adding that it was often referred to as Wych Elm in the region; however, she was almost certainly alluding to the Smooth-leaved Elm.
Hybrids.
Plot's Elm hybridizes in the wild both with wych elm, to form "U." × "hollandica" 'Elegantissima', and with "U. minor" subsp. "minor", to form "Ulmus × viminalis". Melville noted that within the limits of the tree's distribution, hybrids are more common than Plot's Elm itself.
Hybrid cultivars.
Elms of the "Ulmus × viminalis" group have been cultivated since at least 1677 and have given rise to a hybrid cultivar of that name and to the cultivars 'Aurea', 'Marginata', 'Pulverulenta'. The 19th-century cultivar 'Myrtifolia' was considered by Melville to be a probable "U. minor" × "Ulmus minor" subsp. "plotii" hybrid. The 20th-century dwarf elm cultivar 'Jacqueline Hillier' is thought to belong to the 'Elegantissima' group.
Notable trees.
A mature Plot's Elm, with leaves that match those in Stella Ross-Craig's diagram, and with the characteristic inclination in the crown of its monopodial trunk (height 30m, girth 2.5m), survives (2013) on the Alvanley Terrace (Whitehouse Loan) side of Bruntsfield Links, Edinburgh. Since this specimen will have been selected by the plantsmen who turned The Meadows and Bruntsfield Links into an elm collection, and since it has grown to maturity without apparent pruning or storm-damage, it constitutes a rare textbook example of the type.

</doc>
<doc id="5961050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961050" title="Culture of Himachal Pradesh">
Culture of Himachal Pradesh

Himachal was one of the few states that had remained largely untouched by external customs, largely due to its difficult terrain. With the technological advancements, the state has changed very rapidly.
Himachal Pradesh is a multireligional, multicultural as well as multilingual state like other Indian states. Some of the most commonly spoken languages are Hindi, Punjabi, Pahari, Dogri, Mandeali, Kangri and Kinnauri. The Hindu communities residing in Himachal include the "Brahmins", "Rajputs", "Kannets", "Rathis" and "Kolis". There are also tribal population in the state which mainly comprise Gaddis, "Kinnars", Gujjars, "Pangawals" and "Lahaulis".
Himachal is well known for its handicrafts. The carpets, leather works, shawls, paintings, metalware, woodwork and paintings are worth appreciating. Pashmina shawl is one of the products which is highly in demand not only in Himachal but all over the country. Himachali caps are also famous art work of the people.
Local music and dance reflects the cultural identity of the state. Through their dance and music, they entreat their gods during local festivals and other special occasions.
Apart from the fairs and festivals that are celebrated all over India, there are number of other fairs and festivals, including the temple fairs in nearly every region that are of great significance to Himachal Pradesh.
The day to day food of "Himachalis" is very similar to the rest of the north India. They too have lentil, broth, rice, vegetables and bread. As compared to other states in north India non-vegetarian cuisine is more preferred. Some of the specialities of Himachal include "Manee","Madeera","Pateer", "Chouck", "Bhagjery" and "chutney" of Til.
Ethnicity.
Around 96% of the population of the state is of Hindus. The major communities includes Brahmins, Rajputs, Choudharies, Kannets, Rathis and Kolis. The tribal population comprises the Gaddis, Kinnars, gadoun,(jadoun) Tanolis. Gujjars, Pangawals and Lahaulis. From the alpine pasture regions to the lower regions during the cold winter season are mainly Hindus. The Kinnars are the inhabitants of Kinnaur and they generally practice polyandry and polygamy. The Gujjars are nomadic people who rear buffalo herds and are mainly Muslim. The Lahaulis of Lahaul and Spiti and native of spiti, Kinnaur region mainly comprises Buddhists.
People and lifestyle.
Himachal Pradesh is a multireligional, multicultural as well as multilingual state like other Indian states. The Hindu communities residing in Himachal include the "Brahmins", "Rajputs", "Kannets", "Rathis", "Gurkhas and "Kolis". There are also tribal population in the state which mainly comprise Gaddis, "Kinnars", Gujjars, "Pangawals" and "Lahaulis". In some areas, like Lahaul and Spiti, there is a majority of Buddhist population since the area is located near Tibet. A percentage of people are also Tibetans. Muslim, Christian and Sikhs are in minority but they also enjoy the same rights as Hindus.
Though Hindi is the state language, many people speak Pahari also. Pahari itself has many dialects and all of them trace their origin to the Sanskrit language- also known as origin of all languages. A majority of the population is engaged in agricultural practices, however the more educated of them are now moving towards tertiary sectors.
As per the traditional dressing norms the dress of the Brahmin male includes dhoti, kurta, coat, waistcoat, turban and a hand towel while that of the Rajput male consists of tight fitting churidar pyjamas, a long coat and a starched turban. With the changing time the dress up of the people has now become a mixed one. Though the above mentioned style is now hardly followed, people have started wearing western style of clothes.
The typical house is constructed of clay bricks and the roofs are of slate. In some areas the slate roof is also replaced by timber.
Arts and crafts.
The handicraft that comes out of this state are the carpets, leather works, shawls, paintings, metalware, woodwork and paintings. Pashmina shawl is the product which is highly in demand not only in Himachal but all over the country. Colourful Himachali caps are also famous art work of the people. A tribe namely "Dom" is expert in manufacturing bamboo items like boxes, sofas, chairs, baskets and rack. Metalware of the state include utensils, ritualistic vessels, idols, gold and silver jewelleries.
Weaving, carving, painting, or chiselling is considered to be the part of the life of "Himachalis". Himachal is well known for designing shawls especially in Kullu. The architecture, objects, shops, museums, galleries and craftsmen charm with the variety perfected through time.
Women take an active part in pottery and men in carpentry. For ages, wood is used in Himachal in the construction of temples, homes, idols etc.
Music and dance.
Music and dance of Himachal Pradesh reflects its cultural identity. Through their dance and music, they entreat their gods during local festivals and other special occasions. There are also dances that are specific to certain regions of the state.
Some of the dance forms of Himachal are "Losar Shona Chuksam"(Kinnaur), "Dangi" (Chamba), "Gee Dance" and "Burah dance", (Sirmour), "Naati, Kharait, Ujagjama and Chadhgebrikar" (Kullu) and "Shunto" (Lahaul & Spiti).
People of the state generally prefer folk music. There is no classical form of music, as for the Himachal Pradesh is concerned.
Himachali dance forms are highly varied and quite complicated. These dances are very vital part of the tribal life. It reflects the culture and the tradition of Himachal Pradesh. Hardly any festivity here is celebrated without dancing. Some of the dance forms like "Dulshol", "Dharveshi", "Drodi", "Dev Naritya", "Rakshas Nritya", "Dangi", "Lasa", "Nati" and "Nagas" are danced all over the region.
Fairs and festivals.
Apart from the fairs and festivals that are celebrated all over India, there are number of other fairs and festivals also that are at the high point of Himachal Pradesh. These festivals are the time for the "Himachalis" to adorn colourful dress and accessories and get mixed up with the rest of their "kins". Some of these fairs and festivals in the upper regions are the Kullu Dussehra, Shivratri Fair (Mandi), Shoolini Mela (Solan), "Minjar Fair" (Chamba), Mani Mahesh Chhari Yatra (Chamba), Renuka fair (Sirmaur), Lavi Trade Fair (Rampur), Vrajeshwari fair (Kangra), Jwalamukhi Fair (Jwalamukhi), Holi Fair (Sujanpur), and Naina Devi Fair (Bilaspur),Fulaich {Kinnaur valley}. In the lower regions of Himachal are temple Fairs in Una District such as the "Peeplo" Fair, the 'Mairi' Guruduwara Fair, the 'Chintpurni' temple Fair, the 'Kamakhya temple' Fair, including the annual "Himachal Hill Festival" in the village "Polian Purohitan" during the fourth week of October.
Cuisine.
The day to day food of "Himachalis" is very similar to the rest of the north India. They too have lentil, broth, rice, vegetables and bread. As compared to other states in north India non-vegetarian cuisine is more preferred. Traditionally, Himachali cuisine is dominated by red meat and wheat bread. Thick and rich gravy, with aromatic spices, is used in abundance as the base of many dishes. Now, steamed momos (dumplings) and noodles are also readily available and popular with travellers who want to graduate to Indian food slowly. Some of the specialities of Himachal include "Manee', "Madira", "Pateer", "Chouck", "Bhagjery" and "chutney" of Til.

</doc>
<doc id="5961051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961051" title="Andrew Saville">
Andrew Saville

Andrew Saville (born c. 1970) is a New Zealand sports broadcaster who presents the sports news on ONE News 6pm bulletin on weeknights Monday - Thursday. He was formerly the sports news reader on the Paul Holmes breakfast show on Newstalk ZB. He left this role to take up the position of senior rugby reporter on TVNZ's One News, however he still commentated rugby games in Auckland for the Radio Network. Andrew was the voice and face of both the Radio Network and ONE News coverage of the 2007 Rugby World Cup.
He was promoted to the position of sports newsreader on Friday and Saturday nights in November 2007. He now presents from Monday through to Thursday night. He has continued his sports commentaries on The Radio Network in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5961065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961065" title="Ravenstein, Germany">
Ravenstein, Germany

Ravenstein is a town in the Neckar-Odenwald district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 19 km northwest of Künzelsau, and 26 km east of Heilbronn.

</doc>
<doc id="5961074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961074" title="Glen Lyon">
Glen Lyon

Glen Lyon () is a glen in the Perth and Kinross region of Scotland. It is the longest enclosed glen in Scotland and runs for 34 miles from Loch Lyon in the west to the village of Fortingall in the east. This glen was also known as "An Crom Ghleann", (the bent glen). The land given over to the MacGregors was .
Quite densely inhabited from prehistoric times (as many archaeological sites attest), though its present population is of modest size, the glen has been home to many families, including MacGregors, Menzies, Stewarts, Macnaughtans, MacGibbons and the Campbells of Glen Lyon. One of this family, Robert Campbell of Glenlyon (1630–1696), led the detachment of government troops responsible for the infamous Glencoe Massacre, of the MacDonalds of Glencoe in 1691. It is not, however, the home of Clan Lyon.
James MacGregor, parish priest of Fortingall in the early 16th century, compiled the Book of the Dean of Lismore, the most important surviving collection of medieval Scottish Gaelic poetry. His "Chronicle", covering local events in a mixture of Scots and Latin, is also extant, and is an important historical source for the central Highlands.
Glen Lyon, also written Glenlyon, has often been described as one of the most beautiful glens in all of Scotland. It has been the home of (among others) early Christian monks (including Adomnán Eonán (died 704), Abbot of Iona and biographer of St Columba), warriors, literary figures, explorers, castles (Meggernie Castle inhabited and Carnbaan ) and arguably the best cattle in Scotland. 
Its history is described in Alexander Stewart's "A Highland Parish" (1928), and Duncan Campbell's "The Lairds of Glenlyon" (1886).

</doc>
<doc id="5961085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961085" title="Daniele Franceschini">
Daniele Franceschini

Daniele Franceschini (born 13 January 1976 in Rome) is an Italian football midfielder. He played as a left winger

</doc>
<doc id="5961090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961090" title="Journal Kyaw Ma Ma Lay">
Journal Kyaw Ma Ma Lay

"Journal Kyaw" Ma Ma Lay ( ) is widely acknowledged as one of the greatest Burmese writers of 20th century. Her stories are known for authentic portrayals of modern Burmese society. Along with Ludu Daw Amar, Ma Ma Lay was one of a few female authors in Burma. She died in 1982 at the age of 65.
Personal life.
Ma Ma Lay was born Ma Tin Hlaing in Karmaklu Village, Ayeyarwady Division, Myanmar in 1917. Her literary career began in 1936 when her article "To Become Knowledgeable Women" was published in the "Myanma Alin" newspaper. She later married Chit Maung the chief editor of Myanma Alin in 1938. Together, they founded "The Journal Kyaw" newspaper in 1939. She began writing articles and short stories under the pen name "Journal Kyaw Ma Ma Lay".
Ma Ma Lay was just 29 when her husband died in 1946, leaving her with two sons and a daughter. Despite being a young widow, Ma Ma Lay displayed her talent and ability as a writer and a publisher. Not only did she not close down the "Journal", she published another one named "Pyithu Hittaing" or "The People's Voice Newspaper", in accordance with her husband's last wish.
Unfortunately, she could only run the press only for a few years due to the situation in the country. Troubles began
when a group of students destroyed her publishing company's printing house for her papers' perceived leftist slant (and perhaps for her family's ties with leading Marxists like Thein Pe Myint.) Not one to back down, Ma Ma Lay continued to publish her two papers by going deeply into debt. Though she was able to repay part of the debts due to the commercial success of her 1947 book "Thu Lo Lu" (Like Him), she couldn't keep the presses going for long.
Ma Ma Lay continued her career as a writer and was also the president of the Writers Association in 1948, which was most unusual for a female. Traveling the world was not easy for a woman at that time but Ma Ma Lay managed it. She went to India, Japan, China and Russia, attending conferences and touring the countries. She continued writing until the 1970s. She would not get back into the publishing business again but ran a small printing business in the 1950s.
Ma Ma Lay married Aung Zeya in 1959. She died in Yangon on 6 April 1982. She was 65.
Her eldest son Maung Thein Dan became an actor. Her daughter was Dr. Daw Khin Lay Myint, a noted French scholar who died in 2007. She translated two of her mother's works into French, and some French classics into Burmese. Her youngest son was the poet Moe Hein.
Literary career.
Ma Ma Lay wrote nearly 20 books and many articles and short stories in the monthly magazines. Many of her contemporaries and even younger writers describe her as a genius who could make simple everyday matters into readable, interesting books which reflected the lives and concerns of her readers.
Her famous works are:
Ma Ma Lay won two top Burmese Literary Prizes for "Not Out of Hate" and "A Slow Stream of Thoughts and Burmese Medicine Tales".
Life as a Burmese traditional medicine practitioner.
Ma Ma Lay was a practitioner of traditional Burmese medicine. Her interest in traditional medicine began after her family's poor experience with Western medicine. In 1945, her seven-year-old daughter's leg operation was botched by a British Army doctor. In 1946, her husband suddenly died within 12 days of uncertain cause.
Ma Ma Lay studied traditional Burmese medicine for 15 years under Saya Hlaing, and opened a clinic in Yangon. She traveled frequently to other regions and treated patients with tuberculosis, cancer, high blood pressure, hepatitis B, leprosy, diabetes, paralysis, mental disease, dropsy, elephantiasis.
Ma Ma Lay was said to have cured her youngest brother Tin Win of VD Venereal Disease in three months. Later, Tin Win too studied Burmese medicine and became a traditional medicine practitioner in Mandalay.

</doc>
<doc id="5961091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961091" title="Massimo D'Alelio">
Massimo D'Alelio

Massimo (Mimmo) D'Alelio (1916–1998), born in Naples, was an Italian bridge player. He won 10 world championships with the Italian national Blue Team, playing primarily in partnership with Camillo Pabis Ticci. 
D'Alelio was a journalist who played bridge as an avocation. He was a student and partner of the Blue Team founder and theorist Eugenio Chiaradia. The team retired together after its 1969 Bermuda Bowl world championship and returned together for a successful defense of the quadrennial World Team Olympiad championship in 1972. D'Alelio then retired permanently for health reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="5961100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961100" title="Ben Johnson (outfielder)">
Ben Johnson (outfielder)

Benjamin Joseph Johnson (born June 18, 1981 in Memphis, Tennessee) is a retired Major League Baseball outfielder. Johnson was named the Memphis area High School Player of the Year in baseball at Germantown High School in 1999. He was also recruited to play football at Mississippi State University, but opted for baseball instead.
He was a 4th round draft pick in 1999 by the St. Louis Cardinals, and was traded the following year to the San Diego Padres, along with Heathcliff Slocumb for Carlos Hernández and Nathan Tebbs.
He worked his way up to Triple-A in , where he was an All-Star outfielder and the San Diego Padres Minor League Player of the Year, hitting .312 with 25 home runs. He was brought up to the majors that year and received limited playing time with the Padres, hitting .213 in 75 at-bats, and .250 with 4 home runs in 120 at-bats in 2006.
He was not selected for San Diego's 2006 playoff roster, and after the season ended he was traded to the New York Mets with relief pitcher Jon Adkins in exchange for relievers Heath Bell and Royce Ring.
Since joining the Mets, Johnson has been shuttled up and down between New York and Triple-A New Orleans. During June, he received some playing time when all three Mets regular outfielders (Shawn Green, Carlos Beltran, and Moisés Alou) were injured.
Johnson was not offered a new contract by the Mets and became a free agent on December 12, 2007. However, the Mets brought Johnson back by signing him to a minor league deal on February 14, 2008, and invited him to spring training. Johnson was released by the Mets in early May 2008. In 2009, Johnson attempted a comeback from multiple injuries with the Orange County Flyers of the Golden Baseball League.

</doc>
<doc id="5961110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961110" title="Arachne (archaeological database)">
Arachne (archaeological database)

Arachne is the central object-database of the German Archaeological Institute (DAI) and the Cologne Digital Archaeology Laboratory (CoDArchLab) at the University of Cologne.
Definition.
Arachne's database design uses a model that builds on one of the most basic assumptions one can make about archaeology, classical archaeology or art history: all activities in these areas can most generally be described as "contextualizing objects". Arachne tries to avoid the basic mistakes of earlier databases, which limited their object modeling to specific project-oriented aspects, thus creating separated containers of only a small number of objects. All objects inside Arachne share a general part of their object model, to which a more class-specific part is added that describes the specialised properties of a category of material like architecture or topography. Seen on the level of the general part, a powerful pool of material can be used for general information retrieval, whereas on the level of categories and properties, very specific structures can be displayed.
History.
The ancient sculptures database was originally started in 1995 using FileMaker, and has been supported since 2001 from the then newly established chair for Humanities Computing at Cologne university. It is also used by students undertaking development projects.
Thanks to significant and ongoing support by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft since 2001, Arachne started to integrate negative archives of ancient sculpture that went beyond the specialised documentation retained in Cologne itself: the Malter- and Fittschen Archives, and since 2003 the negatives of ancient sculpture of the German Archaeological Institute in Rome. All that totaled in 40.000 high quality scans of ancient sculptures, that are presented with a state-of-the-art scientific documentation. Started in 2006, the digitalization of historic glass plate negative collections resulted - until 2012 - in another 100.000 digital images, beginning with those of the German Archaeological Institutes in Athens, Cairo and Istanbul. Beside this larger projects lots of activities are going on on different levels, for example the online preparations for the Corpus of Ancient sarcophagi.
In 2004 Arachne has been reworked from the bottom structurally as well as editorially. After that it has been rebuilt from scratch using an MAMP environment. Being strategically positioned as a central object-database for a large federal institution which possesses about two millions of images inside their photographic archives and produces even more data each year in the course of its research activities, Arachne's potential is not too modest. To meet it, there is still a long way to go.
Projects.
As of April 2012, Arachne has over 8.500 registered users who can access more than a million scans and about 300.000 objects free of charge. Quality of data differs regarding the state of documentation and has to be improved in the areas where just a basic description took place.
All objects should then reflect their contextualisations in basic categories of material and topography. All categories of material cultural heritage from classical antiquity as well as from Asia and South America should then be integrated. Regarding interoperability, different steps have been taken to ensure the widest possible use and visibility of data, while on the other hand fulfilling the liabilities of intellectual property rights-management and copyright-protection, that DAI and FA took when documenting in the framework of collections, museums, excavations etc.
Technical aspects of interoperability do address the way data is shared and connected inside the DAI itself, mainly between Arachne and several GIS who are being used on DAI excavations and surveys - so a given object will only reside once inside the overall dataspace of DAI, minimizing redundancy. In that sense DAI will support uniform resource identifiers (URI) in the near future, to unmistakable identify objects residing in Arachne. It is the policy of DAI and FA to implement the CIDOC Conceptual Reference Model, for which different projects and proposals are ongoing. Newly implemented is the support for the Open Archives Initiative.
As a partner of CLAROSnet Arachne is committed to work on the issues mentioned above as well as to build a multilingual interface, that it lacks until today. Since April 2009 Arachne is i18n-ready, so the technical framework for internationalization has been implemented. Arachne has an English Graphical user interface (GUI) in 2011. It was the policy of DAI and CoDArchLab to address issues of that complexity not on their own but in an international framework. A solution must be found for this in the near future.
Another section of Arachne is providing ancient books with no Intellectual Property rights on them; here Arachne is at 3.000 volumes with more than 200.000 pages, for which annotations can be made. This project is called the iDAI.Bookbrowser. The digitized Archaeological literature will also be integrated into the thematic portal of Propylaeum. In the long run a linking between the objects in those volumes and the objects in the databases is planned. This has been done in an exemplary way with Scipione Maffei's book about the Museo Maffeiano from 1749 and Clarac's Musée de Sculpture antique et moderne from 1828 onwards.
Another part of the iDAIbookbrowser is a project called Comprehending the ancient world with a semantic network "Stichwerkprojekt" in coorparation of the DAI Rome and the FA. In this project engraved prints so called "Stichwerke" of ancient sites, buildings, sculptures and other archaeological artifacts are digitized and linked to the relevant records of the “real“ objects in Arachne.
Emagines is a project, funded since 2006 by the German Research Foundation (DFG), for digitizing the large and partially very old collections of images held by the German Archaeological Institute (DAI).
The Berlin Sculpture-Network is a cooperative project between the Antiquities Collection of the Berlin State Museums and the Institute of Classical Archaeology at the Free University of Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="5961112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961112" title="Edward Gayer Andrews">
Edward Gayer Andrews

Edward Gayer Andrews (7 August 1825 – 31 December 1907) was a Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, elected in 1872.
Biography.
He was born in New Hartford, New York (Oneida County). He was educated at Cazenovia Seminary, Cazenovia, New York, and at Wesleyan University, (B.A., 1847) (M.A. 1854), where he became a member of the Mystical Seven. He was ordained in the Central New York Annual Conference of the M.E. Church, serving various pastorates there from 1848 until 1854. He was then appointed teacher and Principal (i.e., President) of the Cazenovia Seminary, where he remained until 1864. He then became Pastor in Stamford, Connecticut (1864–67), and in Brooklyn, New York (1867–72) until his election to the Episcopacy.
Travels.
As Bishop he visited M.E. Missions in Europe and India (1876–77), in Mexico (1881) and in Japan, Korea and China (1889–90). He also was a delegate to the British and Irish Methodist Conference in 1894. Wesleyan conferred upon him the degree LL.D. in 1900. He retired from the active episcopacy in 1904.
His theology was described as holding to the faith of his denomination for essentials of doctrine, but with deference to the results of Biblical scholarship. He has published semi-centennial addresses delivered in 1875 and 1881.
Bishop Andrews died 31 December 1907 in Brooklyn and was buried in Oakwood Cemetery in Syracuse, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5961115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961115" title="Surgery theory">
Surgery theory

In mathematics, specifically in geometric topology, surgery theory is a collection of techniques used to produce one manifold from another in a 'controlled' way, introduced by . Surgery refers to cutting out parts of the manifold and replacing it with a part of another manifold, matching up along the cut or boundary. This is closely related to, but not identical with, handlebody decompositions. It is a major tool in the study and classification of manifolds of dimension greater than 3.
More technically, the idea is to start with a well-understood manifold "M" and perform surgery on it to produce a manifold "M "′ having some desired property, in such a way that the effects on the homology, homotopy groups, or other interesting invariants of the manifold are known.
The classification of exotic spheres by led to the emergence of surgery theory as a major tool in high-dimensional topology.
Surgery on a manifold.
Recall that in general, if "X", "Y" are manifolds with boundary, then the boundary of the product manifold is ∂("X" × "Y")=(∂"X" × "Y") ∪ ("X" × ∂"Y"). The basic observation which justifies surgery is that the space S"p" × S"q"-1 can be understood either as the boundary of D"p"+1 × S"q"-1 or as the boundary of S"p" × D"q". In symbols, ∂(S"p" × D"q") = S"p" × S"q"-1 = ∂(D"p"+1 × S"q"-1), where D"q" is the q-dimensional disk, i.e.,
the set of q-dimensional points that are at distance one-or-less from a given fixed point (the center of the disk); for example, then, D"1" is (equivalent, or homeomorphic to), the unit interval, while D"2" is a circle together with the points in its interior.
Now, given a manifold "M" of dimension "n" = "p+q" and an embedding formula_1: S"p" × D"q" → "M", define another "n"-dimensional manifold "M"′ to be
One says that the manifold "M"′ is produced by a "surgery" cutting out S"p" × D"q" and gluing in D"p"+1 × S"q"-1, or by a "p"-"surgery" if one wants to specify the number "p". Strictly speaking, "M"′ is a manifold with corners, but there is a canonical way to smooth them out. Notice that the submanifold that was replaced in "M" was of the same dimension as "M" (it was of codimension 0).
Surgery is closely related to (but not the same as) handle attaching. Given an ("n"+1)-manifold with boundary ("L", ∂"L") and an embedding formula_1: S"p" × D"q" → ∂"L", where "n" = "p+q", define another ("n"+1)-manifold with boundary "L"′ by
The manifold "L"′ is obtained by "attaching a ("p"+1)-handle", with ∂"L"′ obtained from ∂"L" by a "p"-surgery
A surgery on "M" not only produces a new manifold "M"′, but also a cobordism "W" between "M" and "M"′. The "trace" of the surgery is the cobordism ("W"; "M", "M"′), with 
the ("n"+1)-dimensional manifold with boundary ∂"W" = "M" ∪ "M"′ obtained from the product "M" × "I" by attaching a ("p"+1)-handle D"p"+1 × D"q".
Surgery is symmetric in the sense that the manifold "M" can be re-obtained from "M"′ by a ("q"-1)-surgery, the trace of which coincides with the trace of the original surgery, up to orientation.
In most applications, the manifold "M" comes with additional geometric structure, such as a map to some reference space, or additional bundle data. One then wants the surgery process to endow "M"′ with the same kind of additional structure. For instance, a standard tool in surgery theory is surgery on normal maps: such a process changes a normal map to another normal map within the same bordism class.
Examples.
1. Surgery on the circle
As per the above definition, a surgery on the circle consists of cutting out a copy of S0 × D1 and gluing in D1 × S0. The pictures in Fig. 1 show that the result of doing this is either (i) S1 again, or (ii) two copies of S1.
2. Surgery on the 2-sphere
In this case there are more possibilities, since we can start by cutting out either S1 × D1 or S0 × D2.
3. Surgery on the n-sphere
If "n=p+q", then formula_7. The "p"-surgery on S"n" is therefore formula_8. Examples 1 and 2 above were a special case of this.
4. Morse functions
Suppose that "f" is a Morse function on an ("n"+1)-dimensional manifold, and suppose that "c" is a critical value with exactly one critical point in its preimage. If the index of this critical point is "p" + 1, then the level-set formula_9 is obtained from formula_10 by a "p"-surgery. The bordism formula_11 can be identified with the trace of this surgery.
Indeed, in some coordinate chart around the critical point, the function "f" is of the form formula_12, with formula_13, and "p"+"q"+1 = "n"+1. Fig. 3 shows, in this local chart, the manifold "M" in blue and the manifold "M"′ in red. The colored region between "M" and "M"′ corresponds to the bordism "W". The picture shows that "W" is diffeomorphic to the union
(neglecting the issue of straightening corners), where "M" × "I" is colored in yellow, and formula_15 is colored in green. The manifold "M"′, being a boundary component of "W", is therefore obtained from "M" by a "p"-surgery.
Since every bordism between closed manifolds has a Morse function where different critical points have different critical values, this shows that any bordism can be decomposed into traces of surgeries (handlebody decomposition). In particular, every manifold "M" may be regarded as a bordism from the boundary ∂"M" (which may be empty) to the empty manifold, and so may be obtained from ∂"M" × "I" by attaching handles.
Effects on homotopy groups, and comparison to cell-attachment.
Intuitively, the process of surgery is the manifold analog of attaching a cell to a topological space, where the embedding φ takes the place of the attaching map. A simple attachment of a ("q"+1)-cell to an "n"-manifold would destroy the manifold structure for dimension reasons, so it has to be thickened by crossing with another cell.
Up to homotopy, the process of surgery on an embedding φ: S"p" × D"q" → "M" can be described as the attaching of a ("p"+1)-cell, giving the homotopy type of the trace, and the detaching of a "q"-cell to obtain "N". The necessity of the detaching process can be understood as an effect of Poincaré duality.
In the same way as a cell can be attached to a space to kill an element in some homotopy group of the space, a "p"-surgery on a manifold "M" can often be used to kill an element formula_16. Two points are important however: Firstly, the element formula_16 has to be representable by an embedding φ: S"p" × D"q" → "M" (which means embedding the corresponding sphere with a trivial normal bundle). For instance, it is not possible to perform surgery on an orientation-reversing loop. Secondly, the effect of the detaching process has to be considered, since it might also have an effect on the homotopy group under consideration. Roughly speaking, this second point is only important when "p" is at least of the order of half the dimension of "M".
Application to classification of manifolds.
The origin and main application of surgery theory lies in the classification of manifolds of dimension greater than four. Loosely, the organizing questions of surgery theory are:
More formally, one must ask whether "up to homotopy":
It turns out that the second ("uniqueness") question is a relative version of a question of the first ("existence") type; thus both questions can be treated with the same methods.
Note that surgery theory does "not" give a complete set of invariants to these questions. Instead, it is obstruction-theoretic: there is a primary obstruction, and a secondary obstruction called the surgery obstruction which is only defined if the primary obstruction vanishes, and which depends on the choice made in verifying that the primary obstruction vanishes.
The surgery approach.
In the classical approach, as developed by Browder, Novikov, Sullivan and Wall, surgery is done on normal maps of degree one. Using surgery, the question "Is the normal map "f": "M" → "X" of degree one cobordant to a homotopy equivalence?" can be translated (in dimensions greater than four) to an algebraic statement about some element in an L-group of the group ring formula_18. More precisely, the question has a positive answer if and only if the surgery obstruction formula_19 is zero, where "n" is the dimension of "M".
For example, consider the case where the dimension "n=4k" is a multiple of four, and formula_20. It is known that formula_21 is isomorphic to the integers formula_22; under this isomorphism the surgery obstruction of "f" maps, up to a scalar factor, to the difference of the signatures formula_23 of "X" and "M". Hence a normal map of degree one is cobordant to a homotopy equivalence if and only if the signatures of domain and codomain agree.
Coming back to the "existence" question from above, we see that a space "X" has the homotopy type of a smooth manifold if and only if it receives a normal map of degree one whose surgery obstruction vanishes. This leads to a multi-step obstruction process: In order to speak of normal maps, "X" must satisfy an appropriate version of Poincaré duality which turns it into a Poincaré complex. Supposing that "X" is a Poincaré complex, the Pontryagin-Thom construction shows that a normal map of degree one to "X" exists if and only if the Spivak normal fibration of "X" has a reduction to a stable vector bundle. If normal maps of degree one to "X" exist, their bordism classes (called normal invariants) are classified by the set of homotopy classes ["X", "G/O"]. Each of these normal invariants has a surgery obstruction; "X" has the homotopy type of a smooth manifold if and only if one of these obstructions is zero. Stated differently, this means that there is a choice of normal invariant with zero image under the surgery obstruction map 
Structure sets and surgery exact sequence.
The concept of structure set is the unifying framework for both questions of existence and uniqueness. Roughly speaking, the structure set of a space "X" consists of homotopy equivalences "M" → "X" from some manifold to "X", where two maps are identified under a bordism-type relation. A necessary (but not in general sufficient) condition for the structure set of a space "X" to be non-empty is that "X" be an "n"-dimensional Poincaré complex, i.e. that the homology and cohomology groups be related by isomorphisms formula_25 of an "n"-dimensional manifold, for some integer "n". Depending on the precise definition and the category of manifolds (smooth, PL, or topological), there are various versions of structure sets. Since, by the s-cobordism theorem, certain bordisms between manifolds are isomorphic (in the respective category) to cylinders, the concept of structure set allows a classification even up to diffeomorphism.
The structure set and the surgery obstruction map are brought together in the surgery exact sequence. This sequence allows to determine the structure set of a Poincaré complex once the surgery obstruction map (and a relative version of it) are understood. In important cases, the smooth or topological structure set can be computed by means of the surgery exact sequence. Examples are the classification of exotic spheres, and the proofs of the Borel conjecture for negatively curved manifolds and manifolds with hyperbolic fundamental group.
In the topological category, the surgery exact sequence is the long exact sequence induced by a fibration sequence of spectra. This implies that all the sets involved in the sequence are in fact abelian groups. On the spectrum level, the surgery obstruction map is an assembly map whose fiber is the block structure space of the corresponding manifold.

</doc>
<doc id="5961118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961118" title="Rajeev Shukla">
Rajeev Shukla

Rajeev Shukla (born 13 September 1959) was the chairman of Indian Premier League, an Indian journalist, political commentator, television host and the Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs and Planning, Government of India. He is a Member of Parliament since 2000. He serves as secretary of the All India Congress Committee, the central governing body of India's largest political party. Following the scandal over alleged corruption and spot-fixing in the IPL, Shukla resigned as its chairman on 1 June 2013.
Early life.
Rajiv Shukla was born on 13 September 1959 in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh. Before entering politics, he was a reporter for Hindi daily Jansatta. Shukla held this job until 1985, when he became a special correspondent for Ravivar Magazine. As his skills grew, he became the anchorman for Rubaru, a highly-popular television news show. The Observer group of newspapers hired him as a senior editor, and he continued in that job until being elected to the Rajya Sabha in 2000. He has now joined the Indian National congress. According to some sources, he was not so successful at the beginning; however, when he started power-brokering in early 90s, he gained power and influence in higher rank politicians.
Political activities.
Running as a member of the Akhil Bhartiya Loktantrik Congress Party, Shukla won by a large margin. In 2003, his party merged with the Indian National Congress, and Shukla was appointed as a congress party spokesperson. He was nominated as a secretary to the All India Congress Committee in January 2006. In March 2006, Shukla was elected for a second term.
Personal life.
His wife, Anuradha Prasad, heads as the Managing Director of the Company BAG films and owns channel News 24 (India) with her husband. She also produces Hindi and Punjabi films through BAG Network. She is the sister of BJP leader and Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad.
References.
6A. http://india.gov.in/govt/rajyasabhampbiodata.php?mpcode=175 Â« The page that you are looking for does not exist as of nowÂ»

</doc>
<doc id="5961124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961124" title="Norristhorpe">
Norristhorpe

Norristhorpe is a village, in the Township of Liversedge in Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England and is historically, part of the West Riding of Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="5961127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961127" title="Regis-Breitingen">
Regis-Breitingen

Regis-Breitingen is a town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Pleiße, 6 km southwest of Borna. Gertruda Sekaninová-Čakrtová, the Czech Jewish Communist politician, was liberated here in April 1945 by the US American army. 

</doc>
<doc id="5961135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961135" title="Paloumpa">
Paloumpa

Paloumpa (, also "Palouba") is a town in Arcadia, southern Greece. It is situated on a mountain slope overlooking the valley of the river Alfeios. It was the seat of the former municipality of Iraia. The town is in a remote area, but contains a post office and a KEP - Centre for Serving Citizens. The inhabitants are mainly concerned with animal husbandry. Paloumpa is 4 km southeast of Lyssarea and 9 km northwest of Dimitsana. 
Landmarks.
The town was almost completely leveled in an earthquake in the 1960s and as a result contains very little architecture from before this period.
Church of Saint George.
The church was built in the nineteenth century on a basic basilica groundplan in a central location within the town. It is dedicated to Saint George, but celebrates on the Dormition of the Virgin. In 2004 a fire which was most likely caused by an unattended oil-lamp gutted the church destroying the exquisitely worked carved wooden iconostasis which had been granted as a gift by King Ludwig I of Bavaria, father of King Otto the first King of the newly established Independent Greek State. Work has commenced under the supervision of the local Ephorate of Byzantine Antiquities to repair the damage and re-roof the structure.
Church of Saint Panteleimon.
The church is on the western edge of the town and is used as a cemetery church.
Church of Saint Paraskevi.
The church is on the hill overlooking the town near a spring.
House of Dimitris Plapoutas.
The House of the Revolutionary hero is very centrally located in the town. Once known as "ο πύργος" (The Tower) because it was the biggest house in the town, the house used to be a tri-level mansion with stables. The upper two levels were destroyed in a 1960's earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="5961143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961143" title="Isaac Gálvez">
Isaac Gálvez

Isaac Gálvez López (May 20, 1975, in Vilanova i la Geltrú, Spain - November 26, 2006, Ghent) was a Spanish track and road racing cyclist who rode for Caisse d'Epargne-Illes Balears in the UCI ProTour. He died during the Six Days of Ghent cycling event in Belgium after colliding with Dimitri De Fauw and crashing against the railing. He died from internal bleeding. At the time of the accident he had only been married for three weeks.
After this, De Fauw suffered from depression and he committed suicide on November 6, 2009.
After the second stage of the 2007 edition of the Vuelta a Murcia was cancelled due to strong winds, the organisers dedicated the day's prizes to Gálvez in his memory. Gálvez's sister Débora Gálvez is also a racing cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="5961147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961147" title="Rehna">
Rehna

Rehna () is a town in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 26 km southeast of Lübeck, and 28 km northwest of Schwerin.

</doc>
<doc id="5961152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961152" title="Clan Broun">
Clan Broun

Clan Broun also known as Clan Brown is a Scottish clan.
History.
Origins of the Name.
The more usual form of the surname Broun is "Brown". It is an extremely common name and is usually a reference to coloring. The historian, Black, asserts that Browns of Celtic origin might have been named after their descent from native judges, who were known as "brehons".
The Scottish Lowland name of Brown achieved prominence in the early twelfth century in East Lothian. Sir David Le Brun was a witness to the laying of the foundation of Holyrood Abbey in 1128. He had given lands to the abbey in return for prayers said for the health of his son. 
The chiefly family, the Brouns of Colstoun enjoyed considerable royal favor, which may have been because of their claimed descent from the royal house of France. The chief's arms even bear the three gold lilies of France. The family married into other noble families such as that of the chiefs of Clan Hay.
During the Civil War, Sir John Brown of Fordell commanded the royalist army at the Battle of Inverkeithing in 1651. Patrick Broun of Colstoun was created a Baronet of Nova Scotia in 1686.
Clan Castles.
Seats of the Clan Broun have included: Bruntsfield House and Carsluith Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="5961153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961153" title="Liakos Liakopoulos">
Liakos Liakopoulos

Liakos Liakopoulos was a fighter in the Greek war of independence who died during the siege of Karytaina.

</doc>
<doc id="5961167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961167" title="Ludu U Hla">
Ludu U Hla

Ludu U Hla (; ; 19 January 1910 – 7 August 1982) was a Burmese journalist, publisher, chronicler, folklorist and social reformer whose prolific writings include a considerable number of path-breaking nonfiction works. He was married to fellow writer and journalist Ludu Daw Amar.
He collected oral histories from people in a diverse range of occupations which included a boatmaster on the Irrawaddy, a bamboo raftsman on the Salween, the keeper of a logging elephant, a broker for Steele Bros. (a large trading company during the colonial period), a gambler on horses, a bureaucrat and a reporter. These were published in a series of books titled "I the ------".
A library of 43 volumes of folk tales, a total of 1597 stories, that he collected between 1962 and 1977 from most of the ethnic minorities of Burma was a truly Herculean undertaking. Many of these have been translated into several languages. There are 5 other volumes of folktales from around the world to his credit.
During the U Nu era of parliamentary democracy, he spent over three years in Rangoon Central Jail as a political prisoner after publishing a controversial news story in his Mandalay newspaper "Ludu" (The People). Whilst in prison he interviewed several inmates and wrote their life stories as told in the first person narrative, the best known collection of which was published in "The Caged Ones"; it won the UNESCO award for literature in 1958, and has been translated into English.
"Kyipwayay" U Hla.
Born in Pazun Myaung village near Nyaunglebin in Lower Burma, and educated at the Rangoon Government High School, by the age of 20, U Hla had secured a valuer's position with the Rangoon Municipal Corporation; the Depression had hit Burma culminating in a peasant uprising and the founding of the nationalist "Dobama Asiayone" (We Burmans Association). He joined the "Lungemya Kyipwayay Athin" (Progress for Youth Club) which started as the Friendly Correspondence Club cum debating society among high school students in 1926, and his high-minded reformist zeal for all-round betterment of the country's youth had remained a lifelong passion since.
He lived over the shop in Scott's Market (renamed Bogyoke Market after independence) as a boarder, doubling as librarian, and taught night classes to children from poor families in the neighbourhood. A keen sportsman, he played football for the Municipal team, exercised regularly and remained a teetotaller all his life.
In 1932 he managed to take over the publication of the "Kyipwayay" (Progress/Growth) magazine after a false start by the chairman U Thein. He had wanted to be a writer and publisher and grabbed the opportunity. The magazine was a success with most of the day's famous writers on board and with an editorial remit of educating young people in self-improvement, health and moral discipline in the struggle for independence and for building a new united Burma. Regular columns such as Maha Swe's "Nei Thu Yein's Fearless Doctrine" and Theippan Maung Wa's "Letter from Maung Than Gyaung" attracted a large readership. The "Kyipwayay" became the vehicle for a new style and content in Burmese literature known as "Hkit san" (Testing the Age), a movement started most notably by Theippan Maung Wa, Nwe Soe, Zawgyi, Min Thu Wun,Maung Thuta, Maung Htin and Mya Kaytu. He also wrote articles assuming the pen names Kyipwayay Maung Hla and Maung Kan Kaung. A devout Buddhist and non-violent reformist at heart, he made friends with and his home became a favourite haunt of many politicians such as Aung San, Thakin Than Tun, Thakin Zin and Thakin Ba Koe as well as writers such as Maha Swe, Dagon Taya, Zawana, P Moe Nin, Thukha, Maung Htin and Dr Maung Hpyuu, journalists such as "Thuriya" U Thein Maung, cartoonists U Ba Galay, U Hein Soon and U Ba Gyan, artist U Ohn Lwin and weightlifters "Ka-ya bala" U Shein, U Zaw Weik and U Ne Win. The "Thuriya" (Sun) newspaper was where he had started as a budding writer and where he appeared to have learnt the rudiments of journalism and publishing. U Hla was tall, fair and handsome (Hla incidentally means handsome), and known for his friendly smile, gentle soft-spoken manner, even temper, clean living and generosity.
When the second university students strike in history broke out in 1936, he became friendly with one of the best known women student leaders, Amar from Mandalay, whose Burmese translation of "Trials in Burma" by Maurice Collis he had published among her other writings in his magazine. They married in 1939 and he moved to Mandalay where he continued to publish the Kyipwayay. He invited on board upcountry writers such as Shwe Kaingtha (a monk from Sagaing and former archaeologist who was already one of the Kyipwayay regulars under the name "Yadanabon Hpo Hmatsu") and Marla, an old school friend of Amar, in addition to the usual stable of writers such as Maha Swe, Zawgyi, Min Thu Wun, Theippan Maung Wa, Zawana, Maung Hpyuu and Maung Htin.
Wartime Kyipwayay.
During the Japanese Occupation (1942–1945), the "Kyipwayay" continued to come out even though the whole extended family had fled the war to the countryside north of Mandalay. It featured as before cultural essays, literary reviews, and articles on travel, rural development and health education. U Hla and Daw Amar translated into Burmese and published all three best-selling wartime novels of the Japanese soldier writer Hino Ashihei: 
Both U Hla and Daw Amar became involved in the Resistance movement; they formed the "Asha Lu Nge" (Asia Youth) in Mandalay, ostensibly to collaborate with the Japanese, and engaged mainly in rescue and sanitation operations, but it became a ready source of young Resistance fighters for Bohmu Ba Htoo in Upper Burma. U Hla was aware that his young members were in contact with both the Communist Party and the People's Revolutionary Party (later the Socialist Party) and tried to protect them by advising the inclusion of an interpreter, who worked for the Japanese, on the executive committee of the organisation as a safeguard against the Kempeitai. When the Allies returned U Hla wasted no time in co-founding the Anti-Fascist People's Freedom League (AFPFL) in Mandalay with Rakhine U Kyaw Yin, who parachuted into Burma with the help of the Allies, and Thakin Tun Yin,while Rangoon was still under the Japanese. A popular wartime song titled "Ludu sit" (People's War) by A-1 Saya Hnya was co-written by U Hla and U Kyaw Yin. U Hla was arrested and interrogated by the British after they had recaptured Mandalay.
Post-War Ludu.
During the period of post-war austerity, U Hla continued to publish using any kind of paper that he could get hold of including coloured matchbox packing paper and used office paper with printing on one side. He would also still manage to send his new books as gifts, about 200 on each occasion, to all his friends in Rangoon at a time when communication lines and road and rail transportation had all but broken down. It was in 1945 that he launched the fortnightly "Ludu" (The People) "Journal" with his wife as assistant editor. The following year saw the launch of the "Ludu Daily" newspaper and subsequently the couple came to be known as Ludu U Hla and Ludu Daw Amar. Their incisive political commentaries and analyses made a significant contribution to the country's yearning for independence and unified struggle against colonial rule. Their publications had never carried advertisements for alcohol, drugs to enhance sexual performance or gambling, nor racing tips, salacious affairs and gossip. U Hla had to be persuaded to make an exception of film advertisements for the survival of the paper.
One morning in 1948, soon after Burma gained her independence from the British, however, the "Kyipwa Yay" Press in Mandalay was dynamited to rubble by government troops who were angry that the Ludu couple appeared to be sympathetic to the Communists. This was a time when regime change happened quite often with the city falling into the hands, in turn, of the Karen rebels, Communists and the new nationalist government under U Nu. The entire family, including two pregnant women, was thrown out into the street, lined up and was about to be gunned down when a number of monks and locals successfully intervened to save their lives. Although only an ardent reformist, if left-leaning, and recognised as such from the early days by his friends and colleagues, the accusing finger of being a Communist by successive governments was never to leave him, even when many in the ruling party of the day, including Ne Win, knew him personally. Hardline leftists, on the other hand, regarded him as weak and indecisive, lacking in revolutionary commitment.
U Hla was an active founding member of the Writers Association of Burma and chaired the Upper Burma section. In 1952 he attended, with Thakin Kodaw Hmaing, Zawana, Shwe U Daung, Dagon Ta-ya and U Ohn Lwin, the Conference for Peace in the Asia Pacific Region in Peking. In October 1953 the AFPFL government imprisoned U Hla under Section 5 for sedition as a political prisoner which spawned a whole genre of life stories of his fellow inmates among others that he published after his release in January 1957:
Whilst inside U Hla remained active organising sporting and literary events for inmates and invited friends from the world of sport, arts and literature to these special events as a bridge between the outside world and those inside. He formed a football team and took up golf. His fellow political prisoners remembered him as having the most visitors, and that he was anxious to share all the news and the food from outside. U Hla was an accomplished public speaker with a ready smile and great sense of humour but without pride or prejudice. He was friendly and polite and concerned with the health and well-being of everyone and soon he would become "U-lay Hla" (Uncle Hla) to the younger inmates. He would not forget to visit them in prison after his release bringing food, books and even a radio on one occasion.
Military era.
U Hla had nurtured a new generation of young writers and artists from the University of Mandalay and elsewhere in Upper Burma such as poets Tin Moe, Kyi Aung, Maung Swan Yi, Maung Pauk Si and Ko Lay (Innwa Gon-yi), writers Maung Tha Noe, Maung Tha-ya, Maung Thein Naing and Maung Saw Lwin, artists Paw Oo Thett and Win Pe as well as old established ones such as writers Sagaing U Hpo Thin, Shwe Kaingtha and Marla and artists U Ba Gyan, U Aung Chit and U Saw Maung. The "Ludu Daily" carried a Monday extra dedicated to poetry, and with U Hla's encouragement the young poets published an anthology titled "A-nya myei hkit gabya" (Modern Poetry from Upcountry). Book reviews, critical essays on literature and research papers in local history, arts and crafts enjoyed nearly as many column inches as domestic and international news and analysis. U Hla would not try and influence the content or edit out the young writers' efforts but he would ensure that they could back up any assertions or claims they might make. He would never talk down to them although he often complained that they had talent but they lacked effort; one of his dreams was for them to form a writers' co-operative and run their own publishing house. 
The paper had featured articles about the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China; there had been a series of articles titled "From the Volga to the Ganges". Shwe U Daung, the chief editor, had translated "The Heroes of People's China". An old school friend of Daw Amar's father, he was famous for his excellent adaptations of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes and Brigadier Gerard as well as his translations of H. Rider Haggard's Alan Quartermain novels and was arrested at the same time as U Hla but he was to remain in Mandalay Prison for the duration.
The social calendar of Mandalay was, by the 1960s, featuring U Hla either as an organiser or as a guest speaker, from anniversaries such as National Day to hospital fund-raising and the founding of an old people's home. He served on numerous committees and the Senate of Mandalay University. He would often jokingly refer to himself as a "Mandalayan by marriage". He was liked and respected by senior Buddhist monks as well as the layfolk but he distanced himself from religious affairs as such. His popularity reached a level where a plot to assassinate him by some of the politicians, who became jealous and feared he might run for office, existed but only came to light after his death.
The Writers Association of Upper Burma reached a peak in its activities in the 1960s and the 1970s with U Hla at its helm."Sazodaw Nei" (Writers' Day) in December each year eventually stretched to "Sazodaw La" (Writers' Month) with talks and seminars open to the public, paying obeisance to older writers, and subsequently literary talk and research tours which were very popular. U Hla insisted that these must not be a financial burden to the locals. He encouraged and ensured that the papers read at these seminars, both critical reviews in literature and research papers, were published in book form. It was during this period that he started collecting folk tales travelling up and down the country. U Hla encouraged ethnic Mon Thakin Aung Pe and Rakhine U Kyaw Yin to do the same among their own people. When the very first volume "Kayin ponbyin mya" (Karen Folk Tales) was planned, his assistant editor pointed out that it would lose money; he was given a lengthy explanation by U Hla how profit was immaterial in an effort to bring out in print something that would contribute to better understanding among the peoples of Burma and to unifying them, and how it was far more important to make sure these cultural treasures of ethnic minorities were not lost to future generations. 
U Hla had also been the same driving force behind the revival of folk songs, from the early days of the "Kyipwa Yay" with Yadanabon Hpo Hmatsu's Shwebo "bongyi than" (drum music) and "Maung htaung tay" (rice-pounding songs), and Thuriya Kandi's "Rakhine tay" folk songs. The poet Maung Swan Yi was delegated the task one generation later, and one of the results was "Lègwin dè ga ludu tay than mya" (People's Songs from the Paddy Fields). He was delighted when presented with copies of "Inle taik tay" and "Taung-yo Danu tay", songs from Inle Lake and around, by the local compilers who were inspired by him. The transfer to Mandalay University during this period of two of his old friends, Rakhine U Kyaw Yin as dean and Dr. Than Tun as professor of history, provided a boost to the literary and research activities, and the weekly Saturday seminars ("Sanei Sapei Waing") came into being. The Ludu couple was well known to all foreign scholars of Burmese and the "Ludu" House in 84th. street was invariably the first port of call in their itinerary in Mandalay.
It had always been a strongly held conviction of U Hla that language should be simple and easily accessible to the readers. He had advocated speed reading and easy writing to the young writers, and when they started a campaign for writing Burmese in the colloquial form instead of the prevailing archaic literary form, he embraced and promoted it with the help of U Kyaw Yin and Dr. Than Tun while Daw Amar expressed some reservations at first. It was a very controversial movement in the history of Burmese literature, regarded as left wing and subversive by conservative traditionalists and in government circles.
In addition to his daily column "Thaung pyaung htweila yay gyin ya-ya" ("Medley Writings", later published in 3 volumes), U Hla also compiled and published during this period 3 sets of chronicles:
Two other volumes were published posthumously:
Demise of the "Ludu Daily".
The peace talks of 1963 marked a very exciting time in the post-war history of Burma. Expectations ran high and the Ludu family was no exception in looking forward to a new beginning for the country with peace in the offing, after 15 years of civil war that had flared up and smouldered in turn stifling development and progress. The paper campaigned for the success of the peace talks just as it had done in the early 1950s for world peace and an end to the civil war in Burma. It turned out to be a false dawn, and as the peace process broke down U Hla's oldest son Soe Win, aged 22 and a leader of the Rangoon University Students Union, went underground with several other student leaders to join the Communists. Four years later, in 1967, he was killed with several others in a bloody purge in the jungles of the Bago Yoma range of mountains, repercussions from the Cultural Revolution in China which had also led to violent anti-Chinese riots in Rangoon. The Ludu couple, true to Burmese Buddhist tradition, declined an invitation by the authorities to visit their son's jungle grave. Soe Win's younger brother Po Than Gyaung (b. 1945) was arrested in July 1966 and was put in detention (without charge or trial) till May 1972 for alleged clandestine student political activities. Po Than Jaung spent the earlier part of his detention inside Mandalay jail and later on the Cocos Island in the Andaman Sea. The military regime closed down the "Ludu Daily" on July 7, 1967. U Hla had been busy on the state-sponsored campaign for literacy that year in the heat and dust of Upper Burma.
When the "Hanthawaddy" newspaper was launched in 1969, to fill the void in Mandalay, U Hla helped the editor U Win Tin, who was to become a leader of the National League for Democracy, in getting the paper off the ground, just as he had helped the "Mandalay Thuriya" when its editor and publisher U Tun Yin died during the war and his 18 year old son had to step into his father's shoes. U Hla was a firm believer in the pivotal role of the printed word in nation building and in collaboration with others in order to achieve this common goal.
Ludu Books and Kyipwa Yay Press.
The printing machines in 84th street had no time to gather dust as U Hla concentrated his efforts in bringing out volume after volume of books, his own and others' including Daw Amar's translations and analyses in international politics and her treatises on traditional Burmese theatre, dance and music now that they could no longer write about domestic politics. He began interviewing people from all walks of life so he could retell their stories to his reading public and the result was a series of "kyundaw" books:
U Hla also published the letters he had received from Theippan Maung Wa, about 500 of them, in a book titled "Thu sa mya ga pyaw dè Theippan Maung Wa" - Theippan Maung Wa as Profiled by His Letters. He himself wrote about 700 letters to the older writer from 1933 to 1942 until the latter's untimely death soon after the Japanese invasion. Theippan Maung Wa's plays that had appeared in the "Kyipwa Yay" magazine under the pen name of a woman, Tin Tint, were the next to be re-introduced by U Hla to the reading public in another book titled "Tint Tint Pyazat" (Plays by Tint Tint). U Hla was again instrumental in the search for and eventual publication of Theippan Maung Wa's War Diary ("Sit atwin neizin hmattaan").
Travelogues were another genre among U Hla's prolific writings:
Children's books besides his massive collection of folk tales include:
U Hla was forever concerned about the youth of Burma and his endeavours in their education include:
It has been said that, in the history of Burmese literature, no other writer has been as prolific as U Hla. He appeared to have an all consuming passion for the world of letters, and an inexhaustible amount of energy in not only writing, publishing and travelling for research and to give talks but in corresponding with all his friends and his readers. He remained active in civic and communal life; the Ludu couple was invited by the authorities to give talks to students from both Rangoon and Mandalay Universities taking part in a campaign for the reconstruction of the damaged temples of Bagan in the great earthquake of 1975.
Final years.
U Hla was imprisoned for the fifth time in 1978, this time with his wife Daw Amar and their youngest son Nyein Chan (b. 1952) who were both released later than U Hla in 1979. His second son Po Than Gyaung had gone underground in 1976 to join the Communists like his brother before him. U Hla's death at the age of 72, in August 1982, was unexpected by most who knew him as someone who had always lived a healthy life, although he developed diabetes later in life. He was suddenly taken ill just as he was about to be interviewed by a Japanese woman researcher accompanied by the writer Maung Tha-ya, rushed to hospital, and he died the same evening.
U Hla was survived by his wife Ludu Daw Amar (b. 1915), daughter Than Yin Mar (b. 1943, rtd. professor of medicine who has started writing as well assuming the pseudonym Dr. Mya Myitzu), son Po Than Gyaung (b. 1945, current spokesman for the Communist Party of Burma), daughter Tin Win (b. 1947, in charge of Kyipwa Yay Press), and son Nyein Chan (b. 1952, a popular writer of short stories and travelogues, he started writing after his father's death under the name Nyi Pu Lay). Ludu Daw Amar (b. 1915) died recently on 7 April 2008 at the age of 93.
Ludu U Hla was a prime example of what an individual could achieve in a lifetime for the common good, although he would be the first to condemn one-upmanship. History is full of able men who fell by the wayside and lost sight of their own goals and forsook their own principles and convictions. U Hla was of the people, for the people, and never abandoned the people he loved and set out to serve from a very young age. To paraphrase one of his younger colleagues, Ludu Sein Win, even though U Hla had never taken up arms in the revolutionary struggle from colonial times, for he had such great compassion, and if his far-sightedness and forbearance were seen as ineptitude by young radicals, he was a "saintly revolutionary", to be compared with China's Lu Hsun, though not a revolutionary saint.

</doc>
<doc id="5961174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961174" title="Key code">
Key code

A key code is a series of alphanumeric characters used by locksmiths to create a key. There are two kinds of key codes: blind codes and bitting codes.
Blind codes.
These are codes that require a chart or computer program to translate the blind code to a bitting code, which is used to create the actual key. Most key codes are blind codes, and publication of code books or software are restricted to licensed locksmiths in most jurisdictions for security reasons. Some locksmiths also create their own blind coding systems for identifying key systems they installed, or for customer identification and authorization in high security systems. Example: 23N7 (General Motors) or X2100 (Nissan) are examples of blind codes used for automotive ignition keys.
Many computer and manually generated master keying charts also utilize blind codes for identifying individual change keys and masters within the system.
Bitting code.
The bitting code is the translated blind code which the locksmith actually uses to cut each blank key. Example: padlock blind code W123 translates to bitting code 25313, to which the locksmith would cut the key with his code machine by setting it to 25313.
The bitting code is used in conjunction with a key's Depth and Spacing Number to completely determine all relevant information regarding the key's geometry. Each number in the bitting code corresponds to a cut on the key blade. For example, a bitting code of 11111 with Depth and Spacing Number 46 specifies a Kwikset key with five shallow cuts. Conversely, a bitting code of 77777 and Depth with Spacing Number 46 specifies a Kwikset key with five deep cuts. 
Experienced locksmiths might be able to figure out a bitting code from looking at a picture of a key. This happened to Diebold voting machines in 2007 after they posted a picture of their master key online, people were able to make their own key to match it and open the machines.

</doc>
<doc id="5961180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961180" title="Walter Avarelli">
Walter Avarelli

Walter Avarelli (1912 – 1987) was an Italian bridge player, a member of the famous Blue Team, with whom he won 9 Bermuda Bowls and 3 World Team Olympiads in the period 1956-1972.
Avarelli was born in Rome. He was the long-standing partner of Giorgio Belladonna. Together with Belladonna, he improved the Roman Club system.

</doc>
<doc id="5961183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961183" title="Hugh Brown">
Hugh Brown

Hugh Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5961186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961186" title="Iraia">
Iraia

Iraia () is a former municipality in Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it became a municipal unit of the municipality of Gortynia. It consists of 27 villages. Population 3,063 (2001). The seat of the municipality was in Paloumpa. The municipality is named after the ancient Arcadian city of Heraia. The region was known in recent times for the construction workers ("mastori") who came from the villages of Servos and Lyssarea. Pausanias describes the ancient cities of Heraia and Melaineai and their buildings. An excavation near Lyssarea uncovered buildings, mosaics, as well as gold and silver coins.
Notable people.
The village of Loutra Iraias is the birthplace of the film-maker Constantinos Gavras (Costa-Gavras).

</doc>
<doc id="5961192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961192" title="Friends of Israel in the Parliament of Norway">
Friends of Israel in the Parliament of Norway

Friends of Israel in the Parliament of Norway () is a pro-Israel caucus group consisting of members of the Parliament of Norway.
History.
In 1974 the group constituted a majority in the Parliament of Norway for the first time, with 86 members among the 150 parliamentary representatives. All political parties except for the Socialist Electoral League were represented. In 1981 the group had 100 members, but this number declined following the in 1982.
In the 2005 the group had 28 members from three political parties; 16 from the Progress Party (FrP), 10 from the Christian Democratic Party (KrF) and 2 from the Conservative Party (H). One member, KrF's Jon Lilletun, died during the term. In comparison, the number of seats in parliament for each party was 38 from the Progress Party, 11 from the Christian Democratic Party and 23 from the Conservative Party. The group was chaired by Ingebrigt S. Sørfonn of the Christian Democratic Party.
In late 2007, an initiative was taken to form a similar parliamentary group, Friends of Palestine in the Parliament of Norway, in support of Palestinians.
Present (2009-).
After the 2009 election, the groups supporting Israel and Palestine reconvened. Torbjørn Røe Isaksen joined both groups. In late November 2009 the group had 26 members; 13 from the Progress Party (FrP), 10 from the Christian Democratic Party (KrF) and 3 from the Conservative Party (H). In comparison, the number of seats in parliament for each party was 41 from the Progress Party, 10 from the Christian Democratic Party and 30 from the Conservative Party. The members elected Hans Olav Syversen as leader from 2009 to 2011, and Jørund Henning Rytman as leader from 2011 to 2013.
The current members are:

</doc>
<doc id="5961197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961197" title="Theippan Maung Wa">
Theippan Maung Wa

Theippan Maung Wa ( ; 5 June 1899 – 6 June 1942) was a Burmese writer, and one of the pioneers of the "Hkit San" literary movement. The movement searched for a new style and content in Burmese literature before the Second World War starting with "Hkit san ponbyin" (experimental tales, 1934, 1938).
Early works.
He started writing newspaper articles whilst still in high school assuming the pen name Waziya Tint. In 1919, he graduated from the Maha Buddhaghosa High School with distinctions in Burmese and Pali literature. Soon after he began his studies in Rangoon College in 1920, the first university student strike in the history of Burma broke out, and he left university to teach at the first of the National Schools that came into being, as an act of defiance against the colonial education system, until 1923. Sein Tin resumed his studies later and graduated B.A. Hons. with distinctions in Burmese in 1927, the first student in Burmese history to do so.
Theippan Kyaungtha Maung Mya Thwin (Science Student Maung Mya Thwin) was the pen name he used in the Campus magazine and in the "Ganda Lawka" magazine established by J S Furnivall where the "Hkit San" movement joined by such writers as Zawgyi and Min Thu Wun began to take shape. He then started to write under the name "Theippan Maung Wa" in the "Dagon" magazine published by "Ledi Pandita" U Maung Gyi and the "Kyipwayay" (Growth) magazine published by U Hla; both of these became a platform for the "Hkit San" movement. He also wrote plays in the Kyipwayay assuming a woman's name, "Tint Tint", besides literary critiques and other articles.
Civil servant and writer.
Sein Tin went on to Oxford University to study for the Indian Civil Service exam and on his return from Britain in 1929, served as a district officer in rural Burma during the colonial period. He wrote a series of small sketches based on his observations of rural life, many of which were critical of political and economic institutions, both colonial and indigenous, such as the following examples.
A collection of 36 of these short stories, published between 1929 and 1941 mostly in "Ganda Lawka", became prescribed school text in the 1960s published by Sarpay Beikman Books. His letters to "Kyipwayay" U Hla between 1933 and 1942 were published by the latter, subsequently known as Ludu U Hla, 3 decades later. U Hla also published "Tint Tint Pyazat" (Plays by Tint Tint); he had been instrumental in the search for and the eventual publication of "Sit Atwin Neizin Hmattan" (War Diary) in 1966.
Legacy.
Theippan Maung Wa met an untimely death at the hands of armed robbers near Shwebo during the Japanese invasion in 1942. Many writers subsequently took over his mantle which established the new form of literature after the War, portraying in semi-fictional sketches the day to day life of ordinary people in simple language eschewing verbosity and rhetoric.

</doc>
<doc id="5961198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961198" title="Non-blocking">
Non-blocking

Non-blocking may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5961202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961202" title="Remda-Teichel">
Remda-Teichel

Remda-Teichel is a town in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 15 km northwest of Saalfeld, and 28 km southeast of Erfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="5961212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961212" title="Jeremy Bolt">
Jeremy Bolt

Jeremy Bolt (born 1965) is a British film producer.
Since creating Impact Pictures with Paul W. S. Anderson in 1992, producer Jeremy Bolt has produced the majority of Anderson's movies. Their first collaboration, 1994's "Shopping" starring Jude Law (Channel Four Films), was a film about joyriding and ram-raiding British youth that revved up Bolt's career and established his love of cars and death defying races. Having attracted interest from Hollywood, Bolt produced big budget films such as "Event Horizon" (Paramount Pictures) and "Soldier" (Warner Bros.). 2002's "Resident Evil" (Sony Screen Gems) was the first movie under Impact Pictures' joint venture deal with Germany's leading independent distributor, Constantin Film, going on to gross over $100M worldwide.
Under a joint venture with Constantin, Bolt has also produced 2004's ' for Sony Screen Gems (written by Anderson and directed by Alexander Witt), the psychological horror "The Dark" (directed by John Fawcett), teen actioner ' (directed by Cory Yuen for Dimension Films), an adaptation of Tecmo’s best-selling video game franchise, and the third movie in the Resident Evil franchise, 2007’s ' that debuted in the #1 US box office position and grossed $150M worldwide. Also in 2007, Bolt produced "Death Race" with Jason Statham, Joan Allen and Ian McShane, a reimagining of the Roger Corman classic, with Cruise/Wagner Productions for Universal Pictures. Fall 2009 saw the release of the science fiction horror film "Pandorum" for Overture Films and Constantin Film starring Dennis Quaid & Ben Foster. The 4th film in the Resident Evil franchise was released in the Fall of 2010 and grossed $300M worldwide. Action horror ' was shot in 3D for Constantin Film & Sony Screen Gems, and stars Milla Jovovich & Ali Larter.
As well as producing big budget genre movies, Bolt also produced the art house film "Vigo" for Film Four (directed by Julien Temple), and the comedy "Stiff Upper Lips" (starring Peter Ustinov). He has also produced "There’s Only One Jimmy Grimble" (starring Ray Winstone and Robert Carlyle), and teen horror "The Hole" (starring Thora Birch and Keira Knightley), both for Pathe Pictures.
Released worldwide in the fall of 2011 was Impact Picture’s update of the Alexandre Dumas classic "The Three Musketeers", which Paul W. S. Anderson directed for Constantin Film and Summit Entertainment. The film, shot in 3D, starred Orlando Bloom, Milla Jovovich, and Logan Lerman and was the No. 1 movie in Germany and Japan. It has grossed approximately $150M Worldwide. The fifth film in the Resident Evil franchise began production in October 2011 with Paul W. S. Anderson directing for Constantin Film and Sony Screen Gems. "" was released in September 2012. Currently, Resident Evil: Retribution has grossed $220M worldwide with China to still release. In 2013, Lionsgate Entertainment acquired the rights to the global bestselling "Crossfire" series by #1 "New York Times" bestselling author Sylvia Day, a project which was brought to the studio by Bolt and is currently in development. Bolt also produced "Pompeii" (2014), a love story set against the backdrop of the eruption of Mt Vesuvius in 79 A. D., which Paul W. S. Anderson directed in 3D for Summit Entertainment and Constantin Film.

</doc>
<doc id="5961218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961218" title="Park District, Glasgow">
Park District, Glasgow

The Park District of the West End of the city of Glasgow, Scotland, is an area located around Park Circus, which sits atop a hill beside Kelvingrove Park. The area is bordered by the City Centre, Kelvingrove, Kelvingrove Park and Woodlands. Many of the area's large townhouses converted to offices during the latter half of the twentieth century are being returned to residential use. It is now generally considered one of the most prestigious residential areas in Glasgow, with several high-end developments and historical architecture.
The City of Glasgow civil marriage rooms are located in the area at 22 Park Circus, in the former Italian consulate. The Scottish Football Association (SFA) had their headquarters on Park Gardens in the area, but moved to Hampden Park when the stadium was redeveloped to house them. A mosaic depicting the badge of the SFA still exists at the entrance to their former headquarters. The Scottish Labour Party formerly had their headquarters in the area. As for other organisations, you can find here offices of The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, The Scottish Council for Development and Industry, The Scottish Catholic International Aid Fund and The Goethe Institute.
Maclay Hall.
University of Glasgow and Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum are approximately 8 minutes of walking away from Park District. As for ways of transport, the nearest are: Kelvinbridge subway station and Charing Cross (Glasgow) railway station

</doc>
<doc id="5961223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961223" title="Insane in the Brain">
Insane in the Brain

"Insane in the Brain" is a hit single by the American hip hop group Cypress Hill. It was released in 1993 and in addition to hitting number 1 on the US rap chart, the song also was a surprise crossover hit, reaching #19 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1993. It was highly successful in other countries. The song was released on the group's "Black Sunday" album.
The popular lyric "Insane in the membrane" is sometimes confused for the title.
Origins and structure.
According to B-Real, the song was actually a diss song aimed at Chubb Rock. The group felt Chubb had ridiculed their style on his 1992 album "I Gotta Get Mine Yo."
DJ Muggs produced the song "Jump Around" by House of Pain, which was later used to produce this song, with a couple of changes here and there.
This song is a resumption of "Son of a Preacher Man" of Dusty Springfield ,and the song is built around many samples: a repeating sample of a horse from Mel and Tim's "Good Guys Only Win in the Movies"; a drum break from organist George Semper's cover version of Lee Dorsey's "Get Out of My Life, Woman"; a sample of James Brown grunting from the opening of his song "Say It Loud - I'm Black and I'm Proud"; a sample of the line "insane in the brain" from Cypress Hill's own song "Hole in the Head"; the opening keyboard from Sly & the Family Stone's "Life" and a sample of the line "I think I'm going crazy" from The Youngbloods's "All Over the World (La La)," which concludes the track. In 2008, it was ranked number 34 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of Hip Hop.
A video for the track was filmed at San Francisco's DNA Lounge.
In 1999 Jason Nevins released several remixes of the track under the name "Jason Nevins vs. Cypress Hill." The song was featured in the 2005 film "Fun with Dick and Jane".
In 2012, the song was used to show that axons transmit electricity from sound to chromatophores of a dead Longfin Inshore Squid to create a colourful display of the music.

</doc>
<doc id="5961225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961225" title="Vanilla software">
Vanilla software

Computer software, and sometimes also other computing-related systems like computer hardware or algorithms, is called Vanilla when not customized from its original form, meaning that it is used without any customizations or updates applied to it. Vanilla software can become a widespread "de facto" industry standard, widely used by businesses and individuals.
The term comes from the traditional standard flavor of ice cream, vanilla flavor. According to Eric S. Raymond's The New Hacker's Dictionary "vanilla" means more "ordinary" than "default".
Examples.
As example, IBM's mainframe text publishing system BookMaster, provides a default way to specify which parts of a book to publish, called "vanilla", and a fancier way, called "mocha".
For Unix-based kernels, a "vanilla kernel" refers to a kernel that has been unmodified by any third-party source. For instance, the vanilla Linux kernel is often given a Linux distribution–specific "flavour" by being heavily modified.
In computer games the term "vanilla" is often used to describe the original version that has not been modified with third-party addons, nor developer updates or patches. It can also refer to the original game engine when source ports or expansion packs are available. For example, World of Warcraft could refer to either the original game or one of the four expansion packs, so users may refer to the original as "vanilla" to distinguish it from the subsequent versions.

</doc>
<doc id="5961233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961233" title="Hmawbi Saya Thein">
Hmawbi Saya Thein

Hmawbi Saya Thein (, ; 1862–1942) was a Burmese writer, known for his articles on Burmese culture and history. 
In his travels around the country Thein collected many historical artifacts, manuscripts, traditions and oral history related to Burmese history and culture. Based on his research and collection, he wrote many articles about Burmese culture and history in magazines in colonial Burma. Many of the articles were later collected, some posthumously, and published in book form.

</doc>
<doc id="5961234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961234" title="L.A. Confidentiel">
L.A. Confidentiel

L.A. Confidentiel: Les secrets de Lance Armstrong ("L.A. Confidential: Lance Armstrong's Secrets") is a book by sports journalist Pierre Ballester and "The Sunday Times" sports correspondent David Walsh. The book contains circumstantial evidence of cyclist Lance Armstrong having used performance enhancing drugs. The book has only been published in French.
A key witness for the authors was Armstrong's and his teammates' masseuse and soigneur Emma O'Reilly. She revealed that she has taken clandestine trips to pick up and drop off what she concluded were doping products.
Many of the incidents and allegations in the book were later featured in the USADA 2012 report on the US Postal Service cycling team, which led to Armstrong being stripped of most of his titles by the UCI. Many 2012 news reports would feature O'Reilly and others previously reported on in the book.
Process.
In the mid-1990s, Walsh had been a fan of Lance. Walsh claims that what first raised doubts in his mind about Armstrong was his bullying of Christophe Bassons at the 1999 Tour de France.
In April 2001 he was granted an interview with Armstrong. It left Armstrong angry.
In 2003 Walsh contacted former US Postal soigneur and masseuse Emma O'Reilly. She had been reluctant to talk to the press for years out of loyalty to Armstrong and the team. She claimed that she was motivated to cooperate with Walsh after she came to believe that several riders had died of blood doping. O'Reilly was paid 5,000 pounds, after reviewing several transcripts and chapter drafts and doing PR for the book for Walsh.
Defamation lawsuits.
Armstrong denied the claims. He and his lawyers filed lawsuits in various countries against the book's authors and the publisher Editions de la Martiniere, as well as against newspaper The Sunday Times which referenced the book, and the publishers of magazine "L'Express" which printed excerpts. His UK lawyers also told "every UK paper and broadcaster" to not re-state what was in the book. Armstrong also sued Emma O'Reilly 
Armstrongs lawyers in France included Donald Manasse and Christian Charrière-Bournazel. In the UK he retained the Schillings firm, where Gideon Benaim and Matthew Himsworth worked on his libel cases.
Armstrong said the following at a news conference in 2004 regarding the suits:
Armstrong's lawyers first asked the French courts for an "emergency ruling" to insert a denial into the book, as the book was to come out shortly before the 2004 Tour de France. Judge Catherine Bezio denied the request. According to the Associated Press, the "judge . . . called Armstrong's request an "abuse" of the legal system".
Armstrong then sued the UK newspaper "The Sunday Times" under English libel law because it published an article referencing the book. The article was ruled in pre-trial to have conveyed the impression that Armstrong was guilty of doping.
Armstrong's lawyers also sued the publisher in a French court regarding eight passages which were claimed to violate French defamation law. They wanted the passages removed or the book pulled from shelves.
In 2006 the lawsuits came to an end. Armstrong reached an out-of-court settlement for a large sum of money with the "Sunday Times", which issued an apologetic statement. Emma O'Reilly didn't have to pay, although the emotional toll on her was severe. The French defamation lawsuit was dropped in 2006, which Armstrong's lawyers claimed was due to him being already "vindicated on three different occasions" regarding the allegations. This was referring to UCI's Vrijman report which exonerated Armstrong, an arbitration settlement with SCA promotions, and the aforementioned Sunday Times settlement.
In October 2012, after the USADA report on doping in the US Postal team, the Sunday Times stated it might attempt to recover the money it lost in the suit, and might sue Armstrong for fraud. On October 22, 2012, after the UCI accepted USADA's report, SCA promotions announced it would attempt to recover the money it lost in its arbitration settlement with Armstrong.

</doc>
<doc id="5961240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961240" title="Pat Ribble">
Pat Ribble

Patrick Wayne Ribble (born April 26, 1954 in Leamington, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player.
A defenceman, Ribble was selected in 1974 by both the Atlanta Flames of the National Hockey League and the Indianapolis Racers of the World Hockey Association. He also played for the Chicago Black Hawks, Toronto Maple Leafs, Washington Capitals, and Calgary Flames. In addition, in 1978 Pat Ribble went to the world championships in Prague with Team Canada and came home with a bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="5961249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961249" title="David Stoddart">
David Stoddart

David Stoddart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5961270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961270" title="Zealand (disambiguation)">
Zealand (disambiguation)

Zealand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5961272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961272" title="Rhema Broadcasting Group">
Rhema Broadcasting Group

Rhema Media (previously known as the Rhema Broadcasting Group) is New Zealand's largest Christian media organisation, broadcasting four radio networks and a television station, and publishing a quarterly devotional publication, from the Rhema Broadcasting Centre on Upper Queen Street in the central Auckland suburb of Newton. The group is named after its flagship radio network New Zealand's Rhema and is the founding organisation of United Christian Broadcasters.
The group was started by Richard Berry. In the early 1960s, the Christchurch evangelical was inspired by Ecudorian Christian short-wave radio station HCJB, and by the Biblical passages of Matthew 7:7, Matthew 19:26 and John 14:12, to develop a plan for Christian broadcasting in New Zealand. Private radio was neither a reality nor a possibility at the time, and many people were sceptical of his plan. However, with a friend from the Salvation Army Berry started a studio in the garage of his Banbury Street home. This studio was initially called Banbury Recordings Incorporated and later became Gospel Radio Fellowship. It was a small evangelical ministry which believed in the value of prayer and recorded preaching.
In the mid 1960s the group started preparing to begin broadcasting. Radio Hauraki had begun illegally broadcasting as a pirate station, and a government unable to enforce its regulations on the industry was forced to allow private broadcasting. Gospel Radio Fellowship used an old church building on Glenfield Crescent, Christchurch to set up new studios and a transmitter. The station failed to obtain a license in 1972 as Gospel Radio Fellowship, because the Broadcasting Authority believed there was not public interest in such a station, and that the station lacked professional staff and finance. The group changed their name to Radio Rhema and gained the endorsement of Pat Robertson, but still failed to obtain a license in 1974.
The station did obtain licenses for a one day broadcast in Christchurch in November 1974, Petone in October 1975 and Christchurch for 10 days over Christmas in 1976. It had funding to employ Berry and twenty other staff by 1974. At a hearing for a full license in 1978, after the three broadcasts, it had 7,235 members and 48,433 other supporters, as well as endorsement from churches and community groups. The application was successful and Radio Rhema, since relaunched as New Zealand's Rhema, was officially launched by then Prime Minister Rob Muldoon in November 1976. Muldoon described the evangelical faith that inspired Rhema was "a faith that moves mountains".
Rhema continued to develop during the 1980s. In 1980 the Christchurch station obtained an 18-hours-per-day license and had thirty five full-time and ten part-time workers. In 1982 it gained a license in Wellington and had property and six staff in Auckland.

</doc>
<doc id="5961274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961274" title="Yang Pu (footballer)">
Yang Pu (footballer)

Yang Pu (; born 30 March 1978 in Beijing) is a Chinese football manager and former player, He is currently the assistant coach of the North Korean soccer team.
He played his entire professional football career for Beijing Guoan predominately as a holding midfielder, left back and left winger where he was also their captain. As an international player his greatest achievement was being a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup squad where he played in two matches.
Club career.
Yang Pu started his professional football career for Beijing Guoan in the 1998 league season and due to versatility to also play as a midfield he would quickly become a squad regular. By the 2000 league season he had firmly established himself as their first choice left-back and became an integral member of the team. Despite several management changes he would remain a loyal member to the club and win his first piece of siverware with the 2003 Chinese FA Cup. His loyalty to the club would pay-off when he was named as their captain in the 2007 league season, however due to injury he rarely actually captained the team. At the end of the 2009 league season Yang Pu retired due to a persistent right knee injury, however despite this he was able to lead Beijing Guoan to the league title even though he missed much of the league season.
International career.
Yang Pu made his senior international debut in friendly against his ancestral country North Korea on August 3, 2001 in a 2-2 draw. Though predominately a left back or left midfielder he was used was in a variety of positions for the Chinese football team and this versatility quickly saw him become a regular within the squad. Increasingly pushing for a place in the Chinese starting line-up he would be a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and even play in two group games. With the introduction of Sun Xiang and Yan Song he saw his time limited within the team and he would play his last game against Kuwait on October 13, 2004 in a Fifa World Cup qualifier that China lost 1-0.
Personal life.
Yang Pu's father is ethnically North Korean and his mother is Chinese.

</doc>
<doc id="5961279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961279" title="Art dealer">
Art dealer

An art dealer is a person or company that buys and sells works of art. Art dealers' professional associations serve to set high standards for accreditation or membership and to support art exhibitions and shows.
Role.
An art dealer typically seeks out various artists to represent, and builds relationships with collectors and museums whose interests are likely to match the work of the represented artists. Some dealers are able to anticipate market trends, while some prominent dealers may be able to influence the taste of the market. Many dealers specialize in a particular style, period, or region. They often travel internationally, frequenting exhibitions, auctions, and artists' studios looking for good buys, little-known treasures, and exciting new works. When dealers buy works of art, they resell them either in their galleries or directly to collectors. Those who deal in contemporary art usually exhibit artists' works in their galleries, and take a percentage of the price the works sell for.
Job requirements.
Art dealers often study the history of art before entering on their careers. Related careers that often cross-over include curators from museums and art auction firms are industry-related careers. Gallery owners who don’t succeed may seek to work more successful galleries. Others pursue careers as art critics, academics, curators for museums or auction houses, or practicing artists.
Dealers have to understand the business side of the art world. They keep up with trends in the market and are knowledgeable about the style of art people want to buy. They figure out how much they should pay for a piece and then estimate the resale price. They are also often passionate and knowledgeable about art. Those who deal with contemporary art promote new artists, creating a market for the artists' works and securing financial success for themselves. The art world is subject to economic booms and bust just like any other market. Art dealers must be economically conscious in order to maintain their livelihoods. The mark ups of art work must be carefully monitored. If prices and profits are too large, then investments may be devalued should an overstock or economic downturn occur.
To determine an artwork's value, dealers inspect the objects or paintings closely, and compare the fine details with similar pieces. Some dealers with many years of experience learn to identify unsigned works by examining stylistic features such as brush strokes, color, form. They recognize the styles of different periods and individual artists. Often art dealers are able to distinguish authentic works from forgeries (although even dealers are sometimes fooled).
Notable art dealers.
Head of the multimillion dollar Gagosian Gallery group.
Glimcher is the founder of The Pace Gallery and is widely known as one of the art world's most powerful dealers. The Pace Gallery represents contemporary artists including Chuck Close, Tara Donovan, David Hockney, Maya Lin and Kiki Smith. It also represents the estates of several artists, including Pablo Picasso, Agnes Martin, Ad Reinhardt, and Alexander Calder. During his career he has worked closely with important artists including Jean Dubuffet, Robert Rauschenberg, Louise Nevelson, and Lucas Samaras. In 2007, Glimcher received the Distinguished Alumni Award from the Massachusetts College of Art and Design.
Halpert was born in 1900 in Odessa, arrived in the U.S. as a penniless Russian Jewish immigrant and grew to become a pioneering New York City art dealer, transforming the landscape of Modern art. Over her forty year career from 1926 through the 1960s, Halpert brought recognition and market success to many avant-garde American artists. Her establishment The Downtown Gallery, one of the first in Greenwich Village, introduced and showcased many modern art luminaries. Halpert died at age 70 a multimillionaire, with Sotheby's crediting her with having put modernist painting auctions on the map. Its posthumous sale of her collection went for million in 1973.
Perls (1912–2008) was born and raised in Berlin. He studied art history in Munich, but was forced to finish his education in Basel, Switzerland, as the Nazis were no longer allowing degrees for Jews. He ran Perls Galleries for over 60 years. His gallery dealt with contemporary American artists, modern works from the School of Paris and Mexican and South American art. Perls also developed an interest in art from Benin and built a sizable collection. He was not only an art dealer, but also a donor as he contributed many significant works of art to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. He died June 2, 2008 in Mount Kisco, N.Y. at age 96.
Struever was born in 1931 in Milan, Indiana. She attended the Tobé-Coburn School For Fashion Careers in New York City, after obtaining her bachelor's of science degree from Purdue University in Lafayette, Indiana in 1953. She began collecting and dealing in American Indian art in 1971, and is regarded as a leading scholar on historic and contemporary Pueblo Indian pottery and Pueblo and Navajo Indian jewelry. She has authored books on Charles Loloma, the foremost American Indian jeweler, and Dextra Quotskuyva, the pre-eminent contemporary Hopi potter, as well as exhibition catalogues on Hopi potter Iris Nampeyo and other Hopi art, and has guest curated museum shows in several cities.
German-born Seligmann (1858–1923) moved to Paris in 1874 where he set up an antiquarian business in 1880. Benefiting from the interest of clients such as Edmond de Rothschild, he moved to the Place Vendôme in 1900 and in 1904 opened an office in New York. In 1909, he acquired the Hôtel de Monaco in Paris where he was able to impress his more important clients such as the Russian Stroganoff family and the high-flying British politician Sir Philip Sassoon. In New York, he developed interest in European art attracting collectors such as Benjamin Altman, William Randolph Hearst and J. P. Morgan. On his death, his son Germain Seligman continued to run Jacques Seligmann & Company.
Weber was born in 1932 in Los Angeles. He was a radio corpsman in the Navy during the Korean War before receiving a bachelor's degree from Antioch College in Yellow Springs, Ohio in 1958. As a contemporary art dealer, Weber was ahead of his time as he was one of the early promotors of Conceptual Art, Post-Minimalist sculpture and Italian Arte Povera. He was the director of several galleries throughout his career and helped organize shows that featured big names such as Robert Indiana, Richard Long and Andy Warhol. Weber died May 23, 2008 in Hudson, N.Y. at age 75.

</doc>
<doc id="5961284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961284" title="Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here">
Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here

Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here is an American popular song first published in 1917. The lyrics were written by D. A. Esrom (pseudonym of Theodora Morse) to a tune originally written by Arthur Sullivan as a spoof of Verdi's Anvil Chorus for the 1879 comic opera "The Pirates of Penzance". The tune is part of "With Cat-Like Tread" from Act II of "Pirates" and was modified by Theodora Morse from Sullivan's four-part original.
Today the chorus of the song (with revised lyrics) is perhaps more identifiable (certainly amongst Irish and Scottish communities) as being part of "The Celtic Song", sung by the fans of Glasgow Celtic in Scotland. Glen Daly recorded an "official version" of "The Celtic Song" that is commonly played at Celtic Park prior to matches.
"(Original lyrics by William S. Gilbert)"
The song is also referred to in Kurt Vonnegut's book, "Slaughterhouse-Five":
"The door was flung open from inside. Light leaped out through the door, escaped from prison at 186,000 miles per second. Out marched fifty middle-aged Englishmen. They were singing "Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here" from the Pirates of Penzance."
It appears that the lyric "Hail, hail, the gang's all here" had unofficially been added to Sullivan's melody many years before the publishing of the song. A "Philadelphia Inquirer" news item from April 1, 1898, for example, stated that during a raucous meeting of the Philadelphia Common Council, council members loudly sang, "Hail, hail, the gang's all here, what the h--- do we care! What the h--- do we care!" Likewise, a Delaware state legislature session in March 1900 was disrupted when Democratic members loudly sang the song. And these lyrics also appear in the closing measures of the 1915 song Alabama Jubilee.

</doc>
<doc id="5961289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961289" title="Zeeland (disambiguation)">
Zeeland (disambiguation)

Zeeland is a province in the Netherlands.
Zeeland may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5961290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961290" title="Armley Park">
Armley Park

Armley Park, or Gott's Park, is a large public park situated next to Stanningley Road in Armley, Leeds, England.
The park stretches from Armley all the way down the hill to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, near the canal the park turns to dense woodland.
The park has many amenities, including:
The park is sometimes referred to as Gott's park after the famous industrialist Benjamin Gott who was born, lived, died and was buried in Armley. The park contains Gott's Municipal Golf Course, which is on the side of the hill and consequently has some staggering holes.
The park has several grade II listed features including;

</doc>
<doc id="5961291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961291" title="Ercole Rangoni">
Ercole Rangoni

He was made a cardinal in July 1517 by Pope Leo X. This was during his fifth consistory.

</doc>
<doc id="5961292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961292" title="Sergio Bernardo Almirón">
Sergio Bernardo Almirón

Sergio Bernardo Almirón (born 7 November 1980) is an Argentine football midfielder who currently plays for Calcio Catania, in the Italian Serie A. He is a central midfielder known for his passing and powerful shot.
Club career.
Newell's Old Boys.
Almirón began his professional career with Argentine club Newell's Old Boys. After making his debut for the club at the mere age of 18, Almirón managed 16 further league appearances for the club, before being sold to Italian side, Udinese Calcio, in 2001.
Udinese Calcio.
Following his official transfer to Udinese in the summer of 2001, Almirón was instantly inserted into the club's first team, however, was limited to just 12 league appearances. Due to his young age and lack of first team experience, Udinese opted to loan the young midfielder to Serie B outfit, Hellas Verona F.C. in 2003. Almirón went on to make 16 league appearances for the club, also scoring a single goal. Following a successful loan spell, Almirón returned to Udinese at the conclusion of the season.
Empoli F.C..
In the summer of 2004, Empoli bought 50 percent of the player's rights from Udinese, following the loan spell in Verona, Almirón instantly became an integral part of the Empoli setup and played a vital role in their bid for Serie A promotion and survival in top-flight. Following two impressive seasons with the Tuscan club, Empoli finally bought his contract outright from Udinese in June 2006. Almirón retained his place within the Empoli first team during the 2006–07 Serie A season, and following a highly impressive campaign, the midfielder was scouted by and sold to Serie A giants Juventus F.C., who had recently returned to Serie A after being demoted due to the "Calciopoli" scandal.
Juventus F.C..
Almirón transferred to Juventus in June 2007 for €9 million. Juventus were rebuilding the squad after spending a season in Serie B and he and new signing Portuguese midfielder Tiago Mendes were expected to be the main central midfield pairing. He was unable to maintain a place in the starting eleven in favour of the likes of Cristiano Zanetti and Antonio Nocerino. After making just 9 Serie A appearances in 5 months, Almirón was sent out on loan. In January 2008, he was loaned out to Ligue 1 side AS Monaco for the remainder of the campaign. At Monaco, Almirón made 11 appearances and scored 2 goals in the second half of the 2007–08 Ligue 1 season, before returning to Juventus on 30 June 2008. Upon his return, Almirón found himself even further down the pecking order following the arrivals of Mali international, Mohamed Sissoko and also Danish midfielder Christian Poulsen. Juventus coach Claudio Ranieri again deemed the player a surplus to requirements, and again opted to send the midfielder out on loan. Fiorentina signed him in July 2008, and obtained the option to buy his contract outright at the end of the season. Following yet another dismal campaign, in which Almirón made just 11 appearances, however, Fiorentina declined the option to make his stay permanent and he again returned to Turin.
The emergence of youngster Claudio Marchisio last season and the arrival of Brazilian duo Diego and Felipe Melo during the summer ended any new possibilities of a second chance of becoming a regular at the club. On 20 August 2009, he signed for newly promoted Serie A outfit Bari on loan.
A.S. Bari.
Almirón officially transferred to Bari on 20 August 2009, on a season long loan agreement. He instantly gained a first team place, where he appeared in 27 league matches and notched 5 league goals, his best tally since departing from Empoli in 2007. In June 2010, Bari signed him in co-ownership agreement, with Juventus, as part of the deal the saw Leonardo Bonucci transfer in the opposite direction, to Juventus. On 14 July 2010, Juventus confirmed the fee which was announced at €2.5 million. Juventus also announced in its financial report that the accounting value of the remain 50% rights in hand worth €1.699 million, half of un-amortized transfer fee of €3.399 million on 30 June 2010. (around 2/5 of €8.497million original transfer fee in accounting)
In his second season with the club, Almirón and his midfield partner Massimo Donati failed to produce the same spark that led the club to a 10th place finish in the previous season. This was in part due to a series of injuries which limited Almirón to just 25 league appearances with no goals. Bari's season ended in relegation, with a 20th place finish.
In July 2011, the player officially returned to Juventus after the "bianconeri" paid a peppercorn fee to purchase back the remaining 50% of the player's contract. However, he was not listed in the club's first team plans under new coach Antonio Conte, and hence was left out of the first team squad and was not assigned a squad number.
Calcio Catania.
On 27 August 2011, Almirón officially transferred to Catania for €400,000 (€391,000 in accounting) in a three-year deal. Juventus also write-down €1.308 million as part of the remain value of his contract, from €1.699 million to €391,000, backdated to 2010–11 financial year, made no cost nor profit registered in 2011–12 season. Almirón is one of 12 new squad members for ahead of the 2011-12 Serie A season, 9 of which were purchases. He has since returned to the heights of his playing form and has been a regular in the Catania line-up, scoring 4 goals in 32 league appearances in his first season with the club.
Almiròn was part of a record-breaking Catania outfit that picked up 56 points from 38 league matches in 2012–13 Serie A season. 
In June 2013 he extended his contract to 30 June 2015.
Personal.
He is the son of Sergio Omar Almirón.

</doc>
<doc id="5961302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961302" title="Clan Carmichael">
Clan Carmichael

History.
Origins of the clan.
The Carmichaels have been settled in the upper ward of the same name in Lanarkshire for almost eight hundred years and it is from this place that they take their name. The lands of Carmichael were originally part of the Dougsdale territory that was granted to the Clan Douglas in 1321 by Robert the Bruce.
In 1220 Robert de Carmitely resigned his claims to the patronage of the church of Cleghorn. In 1226 Robert de Carmichael is mentioned in a charter of Dryburgh Abbey. 
Other Carmichaels are later mentioned in the charters of the Douglas family until, between 1374 and 1384 when Sir John de Carmichael received a charter for the lands of Carmichael from William Douglas, 1st Earl of Douglas. Sir John was amongst the knights who supported the Douglases in their struggle for power in Scotland and in their raids across the English border. The grant of this large piece of Douglas land was undoubtedly a reward for the prowess of Sir John and the Carmichael men.
In 1414 the barony of Carmichael was confirmed to the chief of the clan and it extended to over fourteen thousand acres in the parishes of Carmichael, Pettinain and Carluke.
14th to 15th centuries.
Sir John de Carmichael of Meadowflat (later of Carmichael) fought in France with the Scottish army that was sent to aid the French against an English invasion. The Battle of Baugé was fought in 1424 where Sir John Carmichael rode in combat against an English commander, unhorsed him and broke his own spear in the action. The English commander was the Duke of Clarence who was a Knight of the Garter and brother of Henry V of England. Carmichael's victory demoralized the English to the extent that they fled the field and to commemorate this, the Carmichaels bear a broken spear on their clan crest.
Catherine Carmichael, daughter of Sir John who was captain of Crawford Castle became the mistress of James V of Scotland and bore him a son, who was half-brother to Mary, Queen of Scots. The king built the castle of Crawfordjohn for them to meet undisturbed. 
In 1546 Peter Carmichael of Balmedie participated in the killing of Cardinal Beaton in his St Andrews Castle. Carmichael was sent to the 'galleys' where he shared penance with John Knox, the reformer. Carmichael was imprisoned but later escaped. 
Sir John Carmichael was known as "the most expert Borderer". He was chief of the Clan Carmichael from 1585 to 1599 when he was murdered. He had been a favourite of James VI of Scotland and was knighted at the coronation of the king's queen, Anne, and was later sent on a diplomatic mission to England. Sir John was also Captain of the King's Guard, Master of the Stables, warden of the west marches and a Privy Councillor. He died when he was ambushed after arresting some Armstrongs during a disturbance. However Sir John's brother, Carmichael of Edrom, prosecuted the murderer and obtained justice.
17th to 18th centuries.
In 1627 Sir James Carmichael was created a Baronet of Nova Scotia and was later raised to the peerage in 1647. During the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, James Carmichael, the first Lord Carmichael was a staunch supporter of Charles I of England although two of his sons took the side of Parliament. The first Lord's son, Sir Daniel Carmichael, commanded the Clydesdale Regiment at the Battle of Marston Moor in 1644 and also at the Battle of Philiphaugh in 1645. The other brothers, Sir James Carmichael of Bonnytoun and Captain John Carmichael, were royalists and the former fought at the Battle of Dunbar (1650) while the latter was killed at Marston Moor where he must have opposed his brothers.
In 1647 Sir James Carmichael became Lord Carmichael and his son became Earl of Hyndford in 1701. The third Earl was a staunch supporter of the Hanoverians and was an ambassador in the service of George II of Great Britain. 
Modern history.
The principal family became allied to the Clan Anstruther by the marriage of Lady Margaret, daughter of the 2nd Earl, to Sir John Anstruther whose descendants inherited the Carmichael lands on the death of the 6th Earl of Hyndford in 1817. This family then took the name Carmichael – Anstruther which they continued until the succession of the present chief who resumed the family name in 1980. Chief Richard Carmichael worked tirelessly to support the Clan Carmichael Society which has branches world-wide.
Clan chief.
The chief of Clan Carmichael is Richard Carmichael of Carmichael.
Cadet Families.
Cadet families included those of Meadowflat in Lanarkshire and Balmedie in Fife. Many Carmichaels in Galloway became MacMichaels', and in Argyll some MacMichaels became 'Carmichaels', and it is this latter race only who are allied with the Appin Stewarts.
Clan Tartan.
[http://www.carmichael.org/images/tartanl.jpg] from the Carmichael Clan Website.

</doc>
<doc id="5961306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961306" title="Geoffrey Edge">
Geoffrey Edge

Geoffrey Edge (born 26 May 1943) was British Labour Party politician.
Geoffrey Edge was born in West Bromwich and educated at the London School of Economics. He then became a university lecturer. Edge was Member of Parliament for Aldridge-Brownhills from 1974 to 1979, when he lost the seat to the Conservative Richard Shepherd. To this day, Labour have not managed to regain Aldridge-Brownhills after a change in the constituency boundaries, even at the 1997 general election landslide - indicating the seat is no longer a marginal.

</doc>
<doc id="5961314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961314" title="Shanghai Airlines Cargo">
Shanghai Airlines Cargo

Shanghai Airlines Cargo (上海航空股份有限公司) was a cargo airline based in Shanghai the People's Republic of China. A joint venture between Shanghai Airlines and EVA Air of the Evergreen Group based in Taiwan, Republic of China, it was established in June 2006. The airline was merged into China Cargo Airlines, along with Great Wall Airlines.
Destinations.
Shanghai Airlines Cargo served the following destinations:
Fleet.
Shanghai Airlines Cargo operated the following aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="5961315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961315" title="Rudi Holzapfel">
Rudi Holzapfel

Rudolf Patrick (Rudi) Holzapfel (born 11 December 1938 in Paris, France, died 6 February 2005 in Bonn, Germany) was an Irish poet and teacher.
His father, Rudolf Melander Holzapfel (1900-1982), was a Shakespeare scholar, expert on Old Master paintings, and art dealer. His mother, Mona Trew Holzapfel (1914-1998), was an original member of the renowned Bluebell Girls at the Folies Bergère. The Parisian dance troupe, founded in 1932 by the Dublin born Margaret Kelly (1910-2004), continues to perform elaborate shows at the Lido de Paris. The family relocated to America, living in California between 1946 to 1956, where Rudi Holzapfel graduated from Santa Barbara Catholic High School. From 1956 to 1970, Holzapfel worked various jobs in England and Ireland, and studied - attaining a M. Litt. with his thesis "Irish Literary Periodicals from 1900 to the Present Day" (1964) - at Trinity College, Dublin, where he edited "Icarus". It was during these years that Holzapfel began to identify with Ireland and the cause of Irish nationalism; he has said he would like to be considered "a true inheritor of the spiritual legacy of the Gaelic Bards". He began a lifelong study and appreciation of James Clarence Mangan (1803-1849), who he describes as "the greatest Irish poet before Yeats". In 1969, Holzapfel published "James Clarence Mangan: A Checklist of Printed and Other Sources" (Dublin: Scepter).
From 1970 to the late 1980s, Holzapfel lived in Germany, teaching English and Literature, especially at the Emil-Fischer-Gymnasium in Euskirchen. Holzapfel has published more than twenty-five books of poetry, some under his own imprint, Sunburst Press (Blackrock, County Dublin). An early book of poetry, Cast a Cold Eye, was written with Brendan Kennelly (Dolmen Press, 1959). Holzapfel has published with other Irish authors, including Oliver Snoddy and John Farrell, and his work has been anthologized in the Penguin Book of Irish Verse and Modern Irish Poets. With a circle of other Mangan scholars, including Jacques Chuto, Peter Van de Kamp, Peter MacMahon, and Ellen Shannon-Mangan, Holzapfel has edited selections of Mangan's prose and poems for the Irish Academic Press.
Rudi Holzapfel died in Bonn, Germany, on 6 February 2005. His grave is to be found at the Poppelsdorfer Friedhof. His final book of Sonnets, "A Tiger Says His Prayers", was published posthumously in 2006.
Works.
Bibliography:

</doc>
<doc id="5961317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961317" title="Uhldingen-Mühlhofen">
Uhldingen-Mühlhofen

Uhldingen-Mühlhofen is a town at the northern shore of Lake Constance, Germany between Überlingen and Meersburg. The town is a popular holiday destination and home to the Pfahlbauten open air museum in Unteruhldingen and the cathedral of Birnau.
Composition.
The town consists of the three villages Unteruhldingen, Oberuhldingen und Mühlhofen. Further, the hamlets of Seefelden, Maurach, Obermaurach, Gebhardsweiler and Hallendorf are included in the area of the commune.
History.
Archeological finds show that the shore of Lake Constance near Unteruhldingen was already inhabited during the Neolithic and Bronze ages. During the time of the Roman Empire there may have been a port, as the discovery of coins from the 1st century AD suggests. Oberuhldingen is situated at a Roman road from Meersburg to the valley of Salem (Baden) where remains of a Roman estate have been found.
The parish of Seefelden was possibly founded already in the 7th century and, along with Bermatingen, Aufkirch und Reichenau Monastery, is one of the first churches of the northern Lake Constance area. Thus it may have been witness to the first Christian conversions through the Frankish Empire. (Official documents mention it for the first time in 1165.) It was subject to the Bishop of Constance.
The name Uhldingen was mentioned for the first time in documents from 1058 as Oweltinga/Ouweltingen; later the names Uoldingen and Ueldingen were used. The town carries the name of the eldest Owalt from Alemannic times. Mühlhofen was first mentioned in 1165 as Mulnhoven.
For the year 1175 a document by Frederick Barbarossa states the existence of ship traffic between Unteruhldingen and Konstanz.
In the 12th century Salem Abbey began targeted property purchases in Uhldingen and the surrounding area. Presumably in Seefelden a monastery was founded in 1227, which belonged to Salem. A few years later it was moved to Baindt.
In 1348 the plague devastated the area.
At the hill of Zihlbühl, in the Knappenhöhle cave, medieval efforts to dig for gold were only scarcely successful.
On the lower Lichtenberg there was a castle which was destroyed in 1499 during the Swabian War. It was the residence of the lord of Oberrieden.
From 1264 the villages Oberuhldingen, Mühlhofen and Seefelden belonged to the territory of Salem Abbey. Unteruhldingen was on the neighbouring territory of the county of Heiligenberg, which became part of the Principality of Fürstenberg in 1516.
The port villages of Maurach and Unteruhldingen were hubs for goods from the Salem valley and for salt, which were imported by Salem from their own salt mines. A sunk salt ship still lies on the bottom of the lake in front of modern Unteruhldingen harbour. The Bishop of Constance also owned land here. From 1733 Uhldingen harbour was the main port of the county of Heiligenberg.
After secularization in 1803/1804, the villages of Oberuhldingen, Unteruhldingen and Mühlhofen were given to the Margraviate of Baden and became independent towns.
From 1939 until the county reform of 1973 they belonged to the county of Überlingen. Since then they are part of the Bodenseekreis. On 1 January 1972 Unteruhldingen, Oberuhldingen and Mühlhofen were united into the commune of Uhldingen-Mühlhofen.
Politics.
Uhldingen-Mühlhofen, the city of Meersburg and the communes of Daisendorf, Hagnau and Stetten are joined in an administrative association.
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of Uhldingen-Mühlhofen symbolises the flourishing of the three member villages with three white roses on a red background. The three segments with blue waves on a white background represent Lake Constance and the Seefelder Aach, which flows from Salem valley through the territory of the commune into the lake.
Economy and infrastructure.
Around 12 km² of the commune's territory are still used agriculturally dominated by orchards and vineyards.
A part of the working population commutes into the nearby cities like Überlingen and Friedrichshafen. In the town itself people work predominantly in middle class professions. There has been a continuing trend from a producing to the service sector. In particular, tourism plays an important role.
Traffic.
Uhldingen-Mühlhofen is on the Bundesstraße B 31 about 7 km east of Überlingen and 3 km west of Meersburg. The holiday resort of Unteruhldingen is located distant from the Bundesstraße at the less used Meersburger Straße near the shore of the lake.
The town can also be reached by trains of the Deutschen Bahn AG on the Bodensee-Gürtelbahn (Lindau - Radolfzell). The train station is in Oberuhldingen. A bus line connects it to Salem and other neighbouring towns and holiday destinations.
From the lake Uhldingen-Mühlhofen can be reached by the ships of Bodensee-Schiffsbetriebe. In particular, there is a connection to the island of Mainau.
Parallel to the shore is a cycling track from Meersburg to Unteruhldingen, through the protected natural reserve near Seefelden and on to Überlingen.
Main sights.
World heritage site.
It is home to one or more prehistoric pile-dwelling (or stilt house) settlements that are part of the Prehistoric Pile dwellings around the Alps UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Museums.
The Pfahlbauten open air museum in Unteruhldingen displays archeological finds and reconstructions of Neolithic and Bronze Age pile dwellings. The buildings are idealized reconstructions from between the 1922 and 1941, which were designed based on digs of the Wasserburg Buchau at Federsee. After 1945 the museum was led by the controversial archeologist Hans Reinerth, one of the leading Nazi archaeologists of the Amt Rosenberg. This museum has been expanded since to incorporate modern research.

</doc>
<doc id="5961323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961323" title="Elmer Noble">
Elmer Noble

Elmer Ray Noble, (16 January 1909–8 March 2001) was professor of zoology at the University of California, Santa Barbara, and an internationally recognized protozoologist and parasitologist.
Noble was born in Pyongyang, Korea, to American Methodist missionary parents, William Arthur Noble and Mattie Wilcox Noble. He lived with his family in Korea until 1927, when he and his identical twin brother, Glenn Arthur Noble, moved to the United States to attend the University of California, Berkeley, where he earned a B.A. in zoology, an M.A. in zoology, and a Ph.D. in protozoology and parasitology. 
Noble joined the UC Santa Barbara faculty in 1936, where he worked for 38 years before retiring in 1974.
At UC Santa Barbara, he was, in turn; Chairman of the Department of Biological Sciences, Dean of Liberal Arts, Acting Provost, Acting Chancellor, Vice Chancellor, and Vice Chancellor for Graduate Affairs. 
He held administrative offices in the following professional societies:
In 1971, Noble and his twin co-authored: PARASITOLOGY. The Biology of Animal Parasites. Elmer R. Noble and Glenn A. Noble. Lea & Febiger, Philadelphia. 
In 1978, the former Biological Sciences Building at Santa Barbara was renamed Elmer Ray Noble Hall in his honor.
In addition to his teaching and research, he is remembered for the first description of the pathogenic myxosporean, "Ceratomyxa shasta". His contributions to this field have also been recognized with the patronymy of two species of myxozoan, "Myxidium noblei" Zubchenko & Krasin, 1980 and "Myxobolus noblei" (Sarkar, 1982).
According to both the International Plant Names Index and the Harvard Herbarium, Noble was also a botanist.

</doc>
<doc id="5961325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961325" title="Hsp27">
Hsp27

Heat shock protein 27 (Hsp27) also known as heat shock protein beta-1 (HSPB1) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "HSPB1" gene.
Hsp27 is a chaperone of the sHsp (small heat shock protein) group among ubiquitin, α-crystallin, Hsp20 and others. The common functions of sHsps are chaperone activity, thermotolerance, inhibition of apoptosis, regulation of cell development, and cell differentiation. They also take part in signal transduction.
Structure.
sHsps have some structural features in common: Very characteristic is a homologous and highly conserved amino acid sequence, the so-called α-crystallin-domain at the C-terminus. These sequences consist of 80 to 100 residues with a homology between 20% and 60% and form β-sheets, which are important for the formation of stable dimers.
The N-terminus consists of a less conserved region, the so-called WD/EPF domain, followed by a short variable sequence with a rather conservative site near the C-terminus of this domain. The C-terminal part of the sHsps consists of the above mentioned α-crystallin domain, followed by a variable sequence with high motility and flexibility.
This C-terminal tail appears in many mammalian sHsps (e.g. mouse Hsp25, αA-crystallin) and has no homology. It is highly flexible and polar because of its negative charges. Probably it functions as a mediator of solubility for hydrophobic sHsps and it stabilizes the protein and protein/substrate complexes. This was shown by elimination of the C-terminal tail in Hsp27Δ182-205 and in Hsp25Δ18.
Oligomerization.
The N-terminus with its WD/EPF-region is essential for the development of high molecular oligomers, which exclusively have chaperone activity "in vitro". Hsp27-oligomers probably consist of stable dimers, which are formed by two α-crystallin-domains of neighbouring monomers, which was shown with the proteins MjHSP16.5 from "Methanocaldococcus jannaschii" and wheat Hsp16.9. The stable dimers aggregate to tetramers and finally form unstable oligomers.
The oligomerization of Hsp27 is a dynamic process: There is a balance between stable dimers respectively tetramers and instable oligomers (up to 800 kDa) consisting of 16 to 32 subunits and a high exchange rate of subunits. The oligomerization depends on the physiology of the cells, the phosphorylation status of Hsp27 and the exposure to stress. Stress induces an increase of expression (after hours) and phosphorylation (after several minutes) of Hsp27. Stimulation of the p38 MAP kinase cascade by differentiating agents, mitogens, inflammatory cytokines such as TNFα and IL-1β, hydrogen peroxide and other oxidants, leads to the activation of MAPKAP kinases 2 and 3 which directly phosphorylate mammalian sHsps. The phosphorylation plays an important role for the formation of oligomers in exponentially growing cells "in vitro", but the oligomerization in tumor cells growing "in vivo" or growing at confluence "in vitro" is dependent on cell-cell contact, but not on the phosphorylation status. Furthermore, it was shown that HSP27 contains an Argpyrimidine modification. 
In all probability, the oligomerization status is connected with the chaperone activity: aggregates of large oligomers have high chaperone activity, whereas dimers have no chaperone activity. Therefore it is clear, that a formation of large aggregates takes place under heat shock.
Cellular Localization.
Hsp27 appears in many cell types, especially all types of muscle cells. It is located mainly in the cytosol, but also in the perinuclear region, endoplasmatic reticulum, and nucleus. It is overexpressed during different stages of cell differentiation and development. This suggests an essential role for Hsp27 in the differentiation of tissues.
An affinity of high expression levels of different phosphorylated Hsp27 species and muscle/neurodegenerative diseases and various cancers was observed. High expression levels possibly are in inverse relation with cell proliferation, metastasis, and resistance to chemotherapy. High levels of Hsp27 were also found in sera of breast cancer patients; therefore Hsp27 could be a potential diagnostic marker.
Function.
The main function of Hsp27 is to provide thermotolerance "in vivo", cytoprotection, and support of cell survival under stress conditions. More specialized functions of Hsp27 are manifold and complex. "In vitro" it acts as an ATP-independent chaperone by inhibiting protein aggregation and by stabilizing partially denatured proteins, which ensures refolding by the Hsp70-complex.
Hsp27 is also involved in the apoptotic signalling pathway. Hsp27 interacts with the outer mitochondrial membranes and interferes with the activation of cytochrome c/Apaf-1/dATP complex and therefore inhibits the activation of procaspase-9. The phosphorylated form of Hsp27 inhibits Daxx apoptotic protein and prevents the association of Daxx with Fas and Ask1.
A well documented function of Hsp27 is the interaction with actin and intermediate filaments. It prevents the formation of non-covalent filament/filament interactions of the intermediate filaments and protects actin filaments from fragmentation. It also preserves the focal contacts fixed at the cell membrane.
Another function of Hsp27 is the activation of the proteasome. It speeds up the degradation of irreversibly denatured proteins and junkproteins by binding to ubiquitinated proteins and to the 26S proteasome. Hsp27 enhances the activation of the NF-κB pathway, that controls a lot of processes, such as cell growth and inflammatory and stress responses. The cytoprotective properties of Hsp27 result from its ability to modulate reactive oxygen species and to raise glutathione levels.
Probably Hsp27 – among other chaperones – is involved in the process of cell differentiation. Changes of Hsp27 levels were observed in Ehrlich ascite cells, embryonic stem cells, normal B-cells, B-lymphoma cells, osteoblasts, keratinocytes, neurons etc. The upregulation of Hsp27 correlates with the rate of phosphorylation and with an increase of large oligomers. It is possible that Hsp27 plays a crucial role in the termination of growth.
Interactions.
Hsp27 has been shown to interact with:

</doc>
<doc id="5961331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961331" title="Paul McAnulty">
Paul McAnulty

Paul Michael McAnulty (born February 24, 1981 in Oxnard, California) is a former Major League Baseball infielder. He played college baseball at Long Beach State.
Major League Baseball.
San Diego Padres.
McAnulty gained the attention of San Diego Padres GM Kevin Towers when he batted .344 for Portland in , which led to his major league debut on June 22, . Drawing comparisons with former Padre and Phillie great John Kruk, he was mainly used as a pinch hitter, or called up when one of the starting outfielders was injured.
On September 6, , he made a nice impression on Padres fans with a pinch hit, walk-off home run in the 11th inning versus the Colorado Rockies. During the season, he had a stint where he was a starting outfielder on the depleted San Diego roster.
Boston Red Sox.
On November 19, 2008, he signed a minor league deal with the Boston Red Sox.
On July 24, 2009, the Red Sox announced his release after only hitting .233 with Pawtucket.
Colorado Rockies.
On August 10, 2009, McAnulty signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies. In November 2009, McAnutly filed for Free Agency.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
McAnulty joined the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization in 2010, playing the majority of the year at their Triple-A club, the Salt Lake Bees. He received some playing time at the Major League level with the Angels, hitting one home run in 24 plate appearances. 
He started the 2011 season with the Salt Lake Bees, and on July 22, 2012, he was sent to the Arkansas Travelers, the Angels Double-A club.
Been named Co-hitting coach for Orem Owlz summer rookie league for Los Angeles Angels for 2014 season...

</doc>
<doc id="5961339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961339" title="Ein Yahav Airfield">
Ein Yahav Airfield

Ein Yahav Airfield (), officially known as Sapir Airfield (מנחת ספיר), is a small desert airfield in southern Israel's Arabah between the Dead Sea and Eilat.
The airfield is located across Highway 90 from Sapir, and not far from Ein Yahav. It was constructed in 1970, and since 1989 has had service to which operated by Elrom Airways to Sde Dov Airport in Tel Aviv.

</doc>
<doc id="5961340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961340" title="Mater Admirabilis">
Mater Admirabilis

Mater Admirabilis is a fresco depicting the Virgin Mary, at the Trinità dei Monti, a church in Rome. It was painted by a young French girl, Pauline Perdrau, and has been associated with several miracles.
Legend has it Pauline had been asked by the nuns at Trinità dei Monti to paint a mural of the Blessed Mother. After weeks of painting, Pauline finally finished her work. When the Mother Superior saw it, she said the colors were too bright and bold and immediately covered it with a large piece of fabric. Years later, Pope Pius IX was visiting the church and questioned what was behind the drape. The Mother Superior tried to distract the Pope from it, but he demanded to see it. When he drew back the fabric, it revealed the painting Pauline had created years before. The colors had faded and blended together to create a softer image than the years before. The Pope declared her Mater Admirabilis, mother most admirable. He told the Mother Superior to never cover this beautiful piece of work again.
Pope Leo XII offered in 1828 the Trinità dei Monti to the religious of the Sacred Heart. Perdrau born in 1817, who would later become a Religious of the Sacred Heart, painted the fresco in 1844. It was called "Mater Admirabilis" by Pope Pius IX, when he discovered it on October 20, 1846. This date is the Feast of Mater, as celebrated by the Society of the Sacred Heart.

</doc>
<doc id="5961342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961342" title="Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic F.C.">
Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic F.C.

Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic F.C. are a Scottish junior football club from the town of Bonnyrigg, Midlothian. Formed in 1890 and nicknamed "the Rose", they play in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region Super League, of which they are the current champions.
Their home ground is New Dundas Park, and they have traditionally played in red and white hoops. They have won the Scottish Junior Cup twice, in 1966 and in 1978, as well as finishing runners-up in 1972. Their 6–1 defeat of Whitburn in 1966 is a joint record margin of victory in a Scottish Junior Cup final.
The team are managed since May 2011 by Max Christie.

</doc>
<doc id="5961344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961344" title="Iain MacCormick">
Iain MacCormick

Iain Somerled MacDonald MacCormick (born 28 September 1939) is a Scottish National Party (SNP) politician.
Educated at the High School of Glasgow and Glasgow University, MacCormick belongs to a family steeped in nationalist politics: his father John MacCormick was one of the founders of the SNP, while his brother Neil was, from 1999 to 2004, one of Scotland's Members of the European Parliament, again for the Nationalists.
On his second attempt, MacCormick was elected Member of Parliament for Argyll at the February 1974 general election, gaining the seat from the Conservatives. He was re-elected in October 1974, but at the 1979 general election he was defeated by the Conservative John MacKay.
MacCormick was one of the original members of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), founded in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="5961356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961356" title="Darondo">
Darondo

William Daron Pulliam (October 5, 1946 – June 9, 2013), who performed in the 1970s under the name Darondo, was a funk and soul singer from the San Francisco Bay Area. Although he is not widely recognized today, serious enthusiasts of the soul genre consistently rate him in high regard. The mythology surrounding Darondo describes him as a pimp, although he has denied this claim. His performing name is said to have originated as a compliment from a waitress who was fond of his generous tipping habits. Darondo has received more attention in recent years thanks to London DJ Gilles Peterson playing his 1973 single, "Didn't I" on his BBC Radio 1 program.
In 2007, Darondo's song "Didn't I" was covered by Jack Peñate on his "Spit At Stars" EP and in 2008, featured on an episode (season 1, episode 4) of "Breaking Bad". "Didn't I" was also featured in the 2010 film "Saint John of Las Vegas" in a scene featuring Steve Buscemi. In 2009, the song "Legs" was featured in an episode (season 1, episode 8) of the American version of "Life on Mars". In 2010, "Didn't I" was featured in the films "Night Catches Us" and "Jack Goes Boating". It also appeared in the New Element video, "Future Nature". In 2013, "Didn't I" was featured on a LateNightTales compilation mixed by Bonobo_(musician) ().
Recordings of Darondo are available from Luv N Haight, an imprint label of Ubiquity Records. Other works can be purchased from Omnivore Recordings. He also hosted a public broadcasting music video program where he did comedy skits and gave love advice in a segment called "Penthouse Letters" which can be found on YouTube. He died of heart failure in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5961370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961370" title="Michael Schwartz">
Michael Schwartz

Michael or Mike Schwartz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5961398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961398" title="Alfred Broughton">
Alfred Broughton

Sir Alfred Davies Devonsher Broughton (18 October 1902–2 April 1979) was a British Labour Party politician.
Broughton was educated at Rossall School, Downing College, Cambridge and the London Hospital and became a doctor, a member of a family who had been Batley doctors for 70 years. During World War II he worked in civil defence and in the medical corps of the Royal Air Force. He was a member of Batley Borough Council 1946-49.
Broughton was Member of Parliament for Batley and Morley from a 1949 by-election. He was an opposition whip in 1960. Broughton was in poor health throughout the 1970s, spending much of the time living in hospital in Yorkshire. The fact that the Labour government's majority had been lost meant that his treatment was often disrupted so that he could be taken down to London to be 'nodded through' to win key votes.
On 28 March 1979 the government faced a knife-edge vote of no confidence when Broughton was on his death bed. Broughton's doctors were extremely concerned for him and strongly advised him not to travel. Although he was willing to come down to vote, Prime Minister James Callaghan decided it would be obscene to ask him to do so. In the event the government lost by one vote; had Broughton been present, it would have survived. Broughton died five days later. 
On 8 June 2009 an afternoon play called 'How Are You Feeling, Alf?' about Broughton and the 1979 no confidence vote was aired on BBC Radio 4. David Ryall played Broughton and Malcolm Tierney as James Callaghan.

</doc>
<doc id="5961406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961406" title="De La Salle Andres Soriano Memorial College">
De La Salle Andres Soriano Memorial College

The De La Salle Andres Soriano Memorial College (DLSASMC) is a Lasallian district school located in Lutopan, Toledo City, Cebu in the Philippines. The college site occupies 6.9 hectares. The institution is named in memory of Andres Soriano, a prominent Filipino figure and businessman.
History.
The Andres Soriano Memorial College was established as a school at the request of the Soriano family, on behalf of the Atlas Consolidated Mining Development Corporation, to Br. Philip Nelan FSC, who was then the Sub-Provincial of the Philippine Sub-District. It was opened in 1965 (ASMC - La Salle was named or known before as Andres Soriano Memorial School - La Salle or ASMS - La Salle).
Since its establishment, the De La Salle Brothers have supervised the school through formal contracts and contacts or through its Board of Trustees. By an act of the District Council of the De La Salle Brothers in the Philippines in 1995, the school became a District Affiliate School.
In 2000, the school was granted college status by the Commission on Higher Education and in 2004, the Brothers community at La Salle Green Hills adopted it as its outreach school. On July 3, 2006, by a decision of the District Council and the National Mission Council of De La Salle Philippines, the ASMC was accepted as a District School. The ceremony of acceptance took place on the campus and was witnessed by its students, faculty, staff, parents, alumni, and personnel of the Atlas Consolidated Mining and Development Corporation.
Lutopan as the place is commonly known, lives by its official name as Bry. Don Andres Soriano (DAS), Toledo City.

</doc>
<doc id="5961407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961407" title="Rerik">
Rerik

Rerik is a town in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the Baltic Sea coast, 19 km west of Bad Doberan, and 27 km northeast of Wismar. In 1938, Rerik was named after the old Slavic settlement Reric, that was believed to have been situated near present Rerik.

</doc>
<doc id="5961420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961420" title="Havergate Island">
Havergate Island

Havergate Island is the only island in the county of Suffolk, England. It is found at the confluence of the River Ore and the Butley River near the village of Orford. It is a marshy nature reserve run by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) and is known for its population of avocets and terns. It is part of the ecologically important Alde-Ore Estuary and has protected conservation status as part of a National Nature Reserve, SSSI, SAC, SPA, Ramsar Site and is also a part of the Suffolk Coast and Heaths AONB.
The island, which is long and across at its widest point and covers , lies in the Alder & Ore estuary and is protected from the North Sea by the shingle spit of Orford Ness. It is bounded by the river channels known locally as "The Gull", "Lower Gull" and "The Narrows".
Ecology.
Havergate Island comprises six salt water lagoons covering 60 hectares, surrounded by earthen banks. There are also 40 hectares of salt marsh and four hectares of vegetated shingle. There are also areas of grazing marsh and mud flats, and the site provides important habitat for rare gulls, wading birds and other species. 
The island is an important breeding, roosting and feeding site for many migratory and resident bird species. The UK's largest breeding population of pied avocets and Suffolk's only breeding Sandwich terns can be found there. Other birds found on the island include oystercatchers, redshanks, ringed plovers, golden plover, dunlin, greenshank and turnstones as well wigeon, pintail and wheatears. The lagoons and marshes make it an important roosting and feeding site . 
Birds of prey including short-eared owls and marsh harriers have also been seen hunting over the island. Mammals on the island include mice, voles and a stable population of around 29 hares. Common seals have also been spotted in the river around the island. Butterfly species commonly found on the island include skippers, small coppers, wall and meadow browns and gatekeepers.
Conservation.
Protected status.
Havergate Island, together with the National Trust managed Orford Ness site is a designated National Nature Reserve. The island is also included in the Alde-Ore Estuary Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI); the Alde, Ore & Butley Estuaries Special Area of Conservation (SAC); the Alde-Ore Estuary Special Protection Area (SPA); the Alde-Ore Estuary Ramsar Site site; the Suffolk Coast and Heaths Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB); and the Suffolk Heritage Coast area.
Management.
The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds owns and manages Havergate Island. Active habitat management of the lagoons is employed to benefit the islands breeding and wintering bird populations. Activities include control of water levels and salinity, improving breeding sites, providing increased feeding edges, the creation of deep water refuges for invertebrates and the control of nest predators such as foxes and gulls. Volunteers also help with work on the island including carrying out bird surveying.
Threats.
Due to the low lying nature of the island, the RSPB recognises that rising sea levels have the great potential to threaten the island in the coming century. Work has been carried out to upgrade the river wall. Long-term plans however accept that the island is likely to be lost and will be allowed to change into salt marsh as part of the strategy of managed retreat. Further plans are in place to create nearby compensatory habitat to replace key habitats in less threatened areas, in particular the expansion of Boyton Marsh.
Access and facilities.
The island and nature reserve is only accessible by boat from Orford quay and only at certain times and dates. Prior booking is required for access, and group bookings can be made. The RSPB charge a fee to enter the nature reserve, with a reduced fee for members. Havergate Island is near to the Suffolk Coast Path, a long-distance footpath, and to Route 1 of the Sustrans National Cycle Network and bus Route 160 from Ipswich to Orford. 
Facilities on the island include a number of bird hides, toilets and a picnic area. Guided tours are also available. The site is unsuitable for wheelchair or pushchair users due to the unimproved nature of its paths and boat access.
History.
Havergate Island was first walled for land reclamation around 500 years ago and for much of its history has been used for farming. It was used as arable land and for grazing cattle, and at times for smuggling; the last inhabitants left the island at the end of the 1920s. In the 1930s it was used for summer grazing and in 1933 a gravel company set up shingle extraction on the island but this was found to be unprofitable and they soon left. During World War II the military took control of the island along with Orford Ness. Without human intervention during this time salt water flooded parts of the island making it unsuitable for agricultural use. 
In 1947 pied avocets were found on the island, as well as at nearby Minsmere, for the first time in the UK since they had gone extinct over 100 years before. A number of pairs bred that year on Havergate Island and raised 8 chick between them. Following this discovery the RSPB purchased the island in 1948 and have since managed it for the benefit of birds and the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="5961422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961422" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaffna">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Jaffna

The Diocese of Jaffna () is a Roman Catholic diocese for northern Sri Lanka, that dates back as far as the time of St. Francis Xavier. The current bishop is Thomas Savundaranayagam.
History.
The Apostolic Vicariate of Jaffna was created on 17 February 1845 from the Diocese of Ceylon. On 1 September 1886 it was promoted to a diocese. On 25 August 1893 parts of diocese were transferred to newly created Diocese of Trincomalee. On 19 December 1975 parts of diocese were transferred to newly created Apostolic Prefecture of Anuradhapura. On 24 January 1981 parts of diocese were transferred to newly created Diocese of Mannar.
Origins.
In 1548 St. Francis visited Mannar and came to Jaffna to persuade the king to cease his persecutions against the Christians.
In 1580, under the protection of the Portuguese, the first Catholic church was built at Jaffna. The whole peninsula having surrendered in 1591 to André Furtado de Mendonça, almost the entire population embraced Christianity. When the fort of Jaffna capitulated to the Dutch in 1658 there were in the peninsula 50 priests, 1 Jesuit college, 1 Franciscan and 1 Dominican convent, and 14 churches.
Dutch period.
The Dutch immediately manifested the most hostile disposition towards the Catholics. The priests and monks were banished, and giving them shelter was declared a capital offence. From that time dates the long persecution which ended only with the surrender of Ceylon to the British in 1796. To this diocese belongs the Island of Manaar rendered famous by the apostolic labours of St. Francis Xavier and by the martyrdom of 600 to 700 Christians, executed by order of the King of Jaffna. Madhu, though a solitary spot in the middle of the jungle, has also its historical fame. For a long time during the Dutch persecution it was the refuge of native Christians. To this spot they had transported a statue of Our Lady which is enshrined in the new church. Madhu has developed into an important pilgrimage, where more than 40,000 pilgrims congregate every year for the feast of the Visitation.
British period.
In 1845 Ceylon was divided into the two vicariates of Colombo and Jaffna, with Bishop Orazio Bettachini as vicar Apostolic of the latter. In 1847 the Oblates of Mary Immaculate arrived in Ceylon. In 1857 the Jaffna vicariate was handed over to the Oblates, and on the death of Bishop Bettachini, Bishop Semeria, O.M.I., was appointed vicar Apostolic. In 1868 Bishop Christopher Bonjean, also O.M.I., succeeded Bishop Semeria. He had been in the missions for nine years in India and in 1856 had crossed over to Ceylon to join the Oblate Congregation. During his administration a great impulse was given to primary education. The effects of the Protestant and Hindu schools were more than counterbalanced by the activity of the bishop and the missionaries. Subsequently Bishop Bonjean was transferred to the metropolitan see of Colombo. Bishop Theophile Melirzan, O.M.I., succeeded him at Jaffna and, following in his footsteps, was named Archbishop of Colombo in 1893. In the same year Henri Joulain, Q.M.I., was appointed Bishop of Jaffna.
20th century.
The entire population of the diocese in the early 20th century was 499,200; the Catholics numbering 45,500; the diocese was in the hands of the Oblates; 3 secular priests helping in the parochial ministry. The total number of missionaries was 46. Attached to the cathedral is St. Martin's seminary for the education of junior students aspiring to the priesthood. St. Patrick's college and boarding school is the most flourishing institution of the northern province. It has a staff of 6 European fathers, 1 native father, 2 brothers, and 15 native professors. The average number of students is 450. It is especially devoted to higher English education, and prepares its students for the Cambridge Junior and Senior examinations and for the London University Intermediate. Some years ago it was thought expedient to come into closer contact with non-Catholics and especially with the higher classes of Hindus. For this purpose a Hindu boarding school was attached to St. Patrick's college. The boarders number 100, with good prospects for the future. Jaffna convent, conducted by the Sisters of the Holy Family of Bordeaux, follows the same junior and senior courses, for the education of girls, as St. Patrick's. To the convent is attached a girls' orphanage. The native Brothers of St. Joseph are occupied in teaching at Jaffna, Kayts, Manaar and Mullaitivu. The native Sisters of St. Peter conduct primary schools in all the important stations of the diocese. There are 127 schools under the control of the missionaries, for the vernacular and primary English education. At the two industrial schools of Colombogam and Mullaitivu 125 orphan boys are taught agriculture and useful trades. The diocese has conferences of St. Vincent de Paul and young men's associations for the working classes. St. Joseph's Catholic Press is the home of the Jaffna Catholic Guardian, a weekly paper devoted to the interests of the diocese. A Catholic Club has just been founded for the purpose of interests of the Catholic community.

</doc>
<doc id="5961424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961424" title="Clan Carnegie">
Clan Carnegie

Clan Carnegie is a Lowland Scottish clan
History.
Origins of the clan.
Walter de Maule made a grant of the lands and barony of Carnegie, in the parish of Carmyllie, Angus to John de Balinhard in 1358. However there is no certain record of the origins of the Balinhards, except that their lands were near Arbroath. Alexander Nisbet suggested that the Balinhards were related to the Ramsays, although there is no direct evidence to support this.
15th and 16th century clan conflicts.
In about 1401 Duthac de Carnegie acquired part of the lands of Kinnaird, in Forfarshire (Angus). They subsequently owned them from Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany in a charter dated 21 February 1409 confirming the lands. Duthac de Carnegie was killed at the Battle of Harlaw in 1411. He left an infant son, Walter Carnegie of Kinnaird who fought for James II of Scotland at the Battle of Brechin in May 1452 along with the Earl of Huntly. Their enemies were rebels commanded by the Earl of Crawford who were defeated. However Crawford, in revenge, burned the village of Kinnaird. 
John Carnegie of Kinnaird fought at the Battle of Flodden where he was killed in 1513. His son was Sir Robert Carnegie who extended Kinnaird and was appointed one of the judges of the College of Justice in 1547. He was also sent to England in 1548 to negotiate the ransom of the Earl of Huntly who had been captured at the Battle of Pinkie Cleugh. Sir Robert Carnegie is said to have been the first of the family to claim that his ancestors were cup bearers to the king of Scots and the family arms bear an antique cup as reference to this royal office.
Sir Robert's son was John Carnegie who was a faithful and loyal adherent to Mary, Queen of Scots and unlike many he never abandoned his loyalty to the queen. He died in 1595 and the estates passed to his younger brother, Sir David Carnegie.
17th century and Civil War.
David Carnegie was created Lord Carnegie of Kinnaird in April 1616 and was later advanced to the rank of Earl of Southesk in June 1633. Sir John Carnegie, brother of David, was elevated to the peerage in 1639 as Lord Lour and was created Earl of Ethie in 1647.
James Carnegie, 2nd Earl of Southesk attended the exiled king Charles II of England in Holland in 1650. He was also one of the Commissioners chosen to sit in the Parliament of England for Scotland during the The Protectorate. He was nearly killed however, in a duel with the Master of Gray in London in 1660. The younger son of the third Earl did not have such a fortunate duelling career and was killed in 1681 in Paris by William, son of Elizabeth Maitland, Duchess of Lauderdale.
18th century and Jacobite risings.
The Clan Carnegie were Jacobites. The fourth Earl took no part in opposing the Glorious Revolution of 1688 but afterwards shunned the royal court. His son, the fifth Earl, followed the "Old Pretender" during the Jacobite rising of 1715 and as a result was attained by an Act of Parliament and his estates were forfeited to the Crown. The fifth Earl died in 1730 and all of his children had died young, as was the high rate of infant mortality at the time. He was succeeded by John Carnegie of Pittarrow who was descended from a younger son of the first Earl. This line of Carnegies had been created Baronets of Nova Scotia in 1663.
Modern history.
The sixth Baronet was a distinguished soldier and in 1855 he was able to secure an Act of Parliament that reversed the attainder and restored the titles of Earl of Southesk as well as Lord Carnegie of Kinnaird and Leuchars. The ninth Earl chose the title of "Baron of Balinhaird" in reference to his family's origins and early ancestry.
The eleventh Earl married Her Highness Princess Maude, younger daughter of the Princess Royal and granddaughter of Edward VII. Her son, as well as being heir to his father's earldom of Southesk and chief of Clan Carnegie, also inherited the dukedom of Fife which was the title of his maternal grandfather. The eleventh Earl died in 1992 and his son, the Duke of Fife, succeeded as chief of the clan and the earldom of Southesk was kept as a subsidiary title in honor of his Carnegie ancestors.
Clan tartan.
The Carnegie tartan, based on the Glengarry tartan, was adopted in these times.
Clan seat.
Elsick House.

</doc>
<doc id="5961432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961432" title="Thein Pe Myint">
Thein Pe Myint

Thein Pe Myint ( ; also "Thakin" Thein Pe ( ); 10 July 1914 – 15 January 1978) was an influential Burmese politician, writer and journalist. A writer of several politically and socially prominent books and the founder of an influential newspaper "The Botataung", Thein Pe Myint was a leading Marxist intellectual and was an important player in the Burmese independence movement and postwar politics.
Brief personal history.
Thein Pe Myint was born Thein Pe in Butalin, Sagaing Division in Upper Burma. He later added his mother Daw Myint's name to his given name when he first started writing. He earned a BA degree from Rangoon University in 1935. Thein Pe Myint married Khin Kyi Kyi in 1946 and had four children. He died in 1978 at the age of 64.
Political career.
Thein Pe Myint became involved in politics as a Rangoon University student in mid-1930s. Then still known by his birth name Thein Pe, he became a secretary of Dobama Asiayone (We Burmans Association), an influential anti-colonial association whose members included the who's who of Burmese independence politics--Thakin Aung San, Thakin Nu, Thakin Kyaw Nyein, Thakin Mya, Thakin Than Tun, Thakin Shu Maung (later Ne Win), etc.
Already a well-known, if controversial, writer, Thakin Thein Pe quickly became one of the leading spokesmen of the Left movement in Burma. He was an important student leader in the university student-led protests against the colonial British Government in 1936 and during the "Uprising of 1300" in 1938.
When the Second World War began, Thein Pe Myint was one of a few leading Burmese independence activists that refused to ally with fascist Japan. In an open break with most other prominent student leaders like Aung San, Thein Pe Myint sided with the Allied powers even if it meant working with the hated colonial master British. In 1942, Thein Pe Myint went underground when the Japanese empire conquered Burma.
Indeed, Thein Pe Myint would be vindicated later when Japanese rule proved disastrous. General Aung San, who hitherto had allied with the Japanese, sent Thein Pe Myint as an envoy to India to seek help from the Allies for the fight against the Japanese. He played a leading role in propaganda and liaison activities between some of the wartime Burmese leaders like General Aung San and the British Force 136, the special operations and intelligence unit.
After the war, he worked in many associations and parties including the Communist Party of Burma, Sino-Burmese Friends Associations, People Peace Association, Burmese Writers Association. In 1946, he became the first minister of Agriculture and Forestry in General Aung San's government during the war. He was jailed in 1948 but released in 1949.
After independence, Thein Pe Myint's political career turned to advocacy as a journalist.
Career as a writer and journalist.
Thein Pe Myint's literary career began in 1937 when he was already a politically active Rangoon University student.
His inaugural work "Tet Pongyi" (The Modern Monk; ) openly deals with scandalous sexual liaisons and corrupt affairs of some of Burmese Buddhist clergy. His fellow Dobama Asiayone member Thakin Nu wrote the introduction of the book. The provocative book shocked the highly devout Burma, and came to symbolize the open challenge by the left-leaning college-educated student activists to the old unspoken norms of Burmese society. The book was vigorously denounced by Young Monks Association. Both the writer and the publishing company received many threats. However some leading writers including Zawgyi welcomed the book. He became known as "Tet Pongyi" Thein Pe.
His notable works include:
He wrote several books in English including "What Happened in Burma" and "Over the Ashes". Many of his works are still being republished to this day, and among them "Wartime Traveller" remains a bestseller. The book has been translated into English as by Dr. Robert H. Taylor.
He also directed a movie "Yaukkya Gonyi" (A Man's Honour; ). He worked in the Red Dragon Book Association and wrote several plays.
Thein Pe Myint founded "The Botataung" newspaper in 1958. (He was a former news correspondent of "Myanma Alin" in the late 1930s.) He was the chief editor of the left leaning influential paper until 1964 when his newspaper was nationalized by the socialist government led by General Ne Win as part of his Burmese Way to Socialism.

</doc>
<doc id="5961433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961433" title="Royal Suédois">
Royal Suédois

The Royal-Suédois () was an infantry regiment in the French Army during the Ancien Régime. It was created in 1690 from Swedish prisoners taken during the Battle of Fleurus. The regiment was very successful and eventually earned the right and privilege to be called a Royal regiment. Thus it was named the Royal Suédois. As a special privilege granted by the King of France, the regiment was allowed to only accept Swedish officers. However most of the privates and NCOs were of German origin, from Swedish Pomerania, in view of the difficulty of obtaining sufficient numbers of Swedish recruits, and at least one Irishman, Daniel Charles, Count O'Connell, was a Lieutenant-Colonel in the regiment.
Initially named the Lenck Regiment, the unit was renamed the Appelgrehn Regiment in 1734 and the Royal-Suedois in 1742. From about 1750 onwards the regiment was distinguished by wearing dark blue coats with buff (yellow-brown) collars and cuffs. This colour combination matched the uniform of most infantry regiments in the Swedish Army during the 17th and 18th centuries.
Count Axel von Fersen bought the regiment (or rather the position of Colonel) in 1783, according to some in order to be able to stay close to the Queen of France Marie Antoinette. He remained in command of the Regiment until the beginning of the French Revolution in 1789, and officially this was the case when, in 1791, all royal foreign regiments were disbanded. The regiment was then reorganised as the new 89th Regiment of the Line.
In December 1813, the regiment was once again raised by a French émigré in Germany, and it fought in the Swedish Army during the Battle of Leipzig in 1813 and during the campaign in Norway in 1814. The Royal Suédois was finally disbanded in December 1814 in Norway.
Today, the regiment's traditions and flag are carried on in the French Army via a company in the 4th Infantry Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="5961439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961439" title="Ramon Airbase">
Ramon Airbase

Ramon Airbase ( , "Basis Hayil-HaAvir Ramon", lit. "Ramon Air Force Base") is an Israeli Air Force base southwest of Beersheba, near the town of Mitzpe Ramon. Also titled Kanaf 25 (, lit. "Wing 25"), it was formerly known as Matred. It was built as the result of joint Israeli and US government funding as part of the IAF's redeployment out of its bases in the Sinai after the peninsula was handed over to Egypt following the 1978 Camp David Accords. It was constructed between 1979 and 1982 by Air Base Constructors, a joint venture of Guy F. Atkinson Company, sponsor, (San Francisco); Dillingham Corporation (Honolulu); and Nello L. Teer Company (Durham, N.C.) in association with Tippetts-Abbett-McCarthy-Stratton (New York City).
Its current commander is Col. Ziv Levi.

</doc>
<doc id="5961444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961444" title="Alfred Bates">
Alfred Bates

Alfred Bates (8 June 1944 – 17 December 2013) was a British Labour Party politician. 
Bates was first elected to the House of Commons in the February 1974 general election, as Member of Parliament for Bebington and Ellesmere Port. He was re-elected at the October 1974 election, but lost his seat at the 1979 general election to the Conservative Barry Porter by 486 votes (a margin of just 0.7%). Bates had served as a government whip from 1976 to 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="5961451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961451" title="Rhinow">
Rhinow

Rhinow () is a town in the Havelland district (Landkreis), in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 16 km north of Rathenow, and 22 km south of Kyritz. Rhinow is the administrative seat (Verwaltungssitz) of the Rhinow district (Amt).
Geography.
The region lies on the southern edge of the Rhinluch (Rhin moor) and at the feet of the up to 110 Meter high Rhinower Mountains. The Rhin river flows west through the district into the Gülper See at the southwestern border. Federal highway (Bundesstraße) 102 cuts through the area. Since 2003, the stretch between Rathenow and Neustadt (Dosse) is no longer served by public rail transit (Öffentlichen Personennahverkehr).
Stadtgliederung.
Greater Rhinow includes the village of Kietz.
History.
During the Third Reich, a famous sail plane school was founded in memory of Otto Lilienthal.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.
City Council.
The council of the city of Rhinow has 12 members with the following distribution by political party:

</doc>
<doc id="5961452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961452" title="Veronica Grace Boland">
Veronica Grace Boland

Veronica Grace Boland (March 18, 1899 – June 19, 1982) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania, and the first female member of Congress from Pennsylvania.
Veronica Grace Barrett was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania. She married Patrick J. Boland. She was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-seventh Congress, by special election, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of her husband. She was not a candidate for reelection in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="5961454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961454" title="Bloom Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Bloom Township, Wood County, Ohio

Bloom Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 2,609 people living in the township.
Geography.
Located in the southern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Several villages are located in Bloom Township:
Name and history.
Statewide, other Bloom Townships are located in Fairfield, Morgan, Scioto, and Seneca counties.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Bloom Township House is located at the intersection of Huffman Rd. and Oil Center Rd.

</doc>
<doc id="5961459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961459" title="Forrest Place">
Forrest Place

Forrest Place is a pedestrianised square located within the CBD of Perth, Western Australia. The street was created in 1923, and has a history of being a focal point for significant political meetings and demonstrations.
Description.
Forrest Place connects Perth Railway Station on Wellington Street with the Murray Street Mall, outside the Carillon City Arcade. It is long, and is paved and landscaped as a pedestrian mall, with seating, public artwork, and trees. The eastern side of the street is lined by shops from the Forrest Chase shopping complex, while the historic General Post Office and Commonwealth Bank buildings are located to the west.
Forrest Place is used in many ways throughout the year, including cultural displays, children's activities and parades, and contains the City of Perth visitors centre.
Nearby transport facilities include Perth railway station and Wellington Street bus station, and Perth Central Area Transit (CAT) buses run along Wellington Street, 
History.
Named after Sir John Forrest, the first Premier of Western Australia, Forrest Place was for most of its history a roadway between the Perth railway station and Murray Street. 
Construction.
It was originally a plot of land issued to Patrick Farmer in 1840. Prior to Forrest Place's construction, an arcade between Wellington and Murray Streets existed on the site known as "Central Arcade". It was considered an "unhealthy" establishment, which led to its demolition. The construction of Forrest Place deemed to have "changed the face of Perth".
Streetscape.
Prior to the building of the Forrest Chase complex (containing Myer and numerous other retail stores), the central building on the eastern side of Forrest Place was the Padbury Buildings (built in 1925 and demolished in 1986-1987). While the buildings on the east side have changed a number of times in the street's 82-year history, the General Post Office (completed in 1923) and the Commonwealth Bank building (completed 1933), both designed by John Smith Murdoch in the Interwar Beaux-Arts style and faced with Donnybrook stone, have endured significant change around them.
Parades, meetings and rallying place.
In the 1940s returned soldiers marched through Forrest Place.
It was a meeting place and focal point for political meetings in the 1950s through to the 1980s; considerable use was made of the steps of the Post Office being above the roadway level.
An attempt to defuse the political nature of the space and ban meetings in Forrest Place was carried out by Charles Court, on 18 November 1975, when his government used Section 54B of the Western Australia Police Act to ban meetings. 
Considerable numbers of demonstrations resulted from this ban, which was later repealed by the Public Meetings and Processions Act of 1984.
In 2013, the history of protests held at Forest Place, and the responses by authorities, was the subject of a presentation by Murdoch University Adjunct Associate Professor Lenore Layman. These events are considered by Layman to be part of an "alternative history of Perth" that isn't so sedated.
Pedestrian mall.
Forrest Place became a large paved area with the closing of the roadway in the late 1987. It still links Wellington Street and Perth railway station with the Murray Street Mall, but the addition of steps to the northern end prevents vehicle thoroughfare.

</doc>
<doc id="5961460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961460" title="Richtenberg">
Richtenberg

Richtenberg is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 18 km southwest of Stralsund.

</doc>
<doc id="5961461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961461" title="Ma Mingyu">
Ma Mingyu

Ma Mingyu (; born 10 August 1972, in Chongqing, Sichuan) is a retired Chinese International football player. He was predominantly remembered for his time at Sichuan Quanxing who he played for several times in his career as well as spells at Guangdong Hongyuan and Italian Serie A side Perugia. While internationally he would play in the 1996 AFC Asian Cup, 2000 AFC Asian Cup and captain China's campaign during the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Playing career.
Ma Mingyu predominately played for top tier Chinese club Sichuan Guancheng where he spent several spells with them throughout his football career. In his first spell with them he would attract attention from Guangdong Hongyuan after Ma had a prolific 1994 league season that saw him play 21 games and score 3 goals.
Ma would move to Guangdong Hongyuan at the beginning of 1995 league season, however despite a promising start that saw Guangdong come 4th in the league his time with Guangdong saw him win nothing with them and after a disappointing 1996 league season that saw Guangdong come 9th, Ma returned to Sichuan.
Ma Minyu's second spell at Sichuan Guancheng was to prove considerably more successful with Sichuan as they were genuine title contenders during this period and came 3rd in the 1999 and 2000 league seasons. With Ma firmly established as a permanent fixture within Sichuan's left midfield and becoming a member of the Chinese national team he would attract attention from Italian team Perugia Calcio in the Serie A in the 2000–01 season. His time at Perugia, however was a disaster as he played in no games for them and he returned to Sichuan Guancheng where he has started to play first team football on a regular basis in preparation for the World Cup. At the end of the 2003 league season he would decide to retire from professional football.
International career.
As an attacking left-footed midfielder Ma Mingyu would break into the senior team on 30 January 1996, when he made his debut in a qualifier for the 1996 AFC Asian Cup against Macau in a 7–1 victory. In the next qualifying game against the Philippines on 1 February 1996, he would score his first goal in a 7–0 victory. After several friendlies he would go to establish himself as a regular within the squad and then go to the 1996 AFC Asian Cup tournament. At the end of the campaign he had become an integral member within the Chinese team and when Bora Milutinović came in as the new Head coach Ma Mingyu would be named as his captain. During his captaincy he would lead China to a fourth place finish at the 2000 AFC Asian Cup and see the team qualify for their first FIFA World Cup tournament. Once Bora Milutinović left at the end of the campaign Ma Mingyu's international career would also end.

</doc>
<doc id="5961464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961464" title="Great Wall Airlines">
Great Wall Airlines

Great Wall Airlines Company Limited is a cargo airline based in Shanghai, People's Republic of China. It operated cargo services to Europe, USA and Asia. Its main base was Shanghai Pudong International Airport. The airline was merged into China Cargo Airlines in 2011 but continue its operations with their fleet and their destinations. 
History.
The airline launched its first flight from Shanghai to Amsterdam on 1 June 2006 with an initial frequency of six flights per week, becoming the first local-foreign partnership airline to take flight in China.
It was co-owned by China Eastern Airlines (51%), Singapore Airlines Cargo (25%), and Dahlia Investments (24%), a subsidiary of Temasek Holdings based in Singapore.
The airline suspended operations on 18 August 2006 after its parent company, China Great Wall Industry, had sanctions imposed on it by the United States Department of the Treasury for allegedly supplying missile technology to Iran. All aircraft were returned to Singapore Airlines Cargo. On 13 December 2006, it was announced that sanctions against Great Wall Airlines had been lifted, and that the airline would resume service in February 2007. The airline has resumed scheduled services to Amsterdam (six times weekly), Incheon (six times weekly) and Mumbai/Chennai (three times weekly). As of April 30, 2007 Great Wall Airlines have also launched scheduled service to Manchester via Amsterdam (two times weekly). 
The airline operated to U.S stations including Seattle and Chicago at end of May, 2008. And started the service to Atlanta in 2009.
At beginning of year 2010, the stock(51%) which owend BASA has been transferred to China Eastern Air Holding.
Merger.
In the first half of 2011, the company was merged into China Cargo Airlines, together with another Cargo carrier Shanghai Airlines Cargo, which was the freight division of Shanghai Airlines.
Destinations.
Great Wall Airlines operated flights to the following (as of January 2013):
Fleet.
As of January 2013 the Great Wall Airlines fleet included:

</doc>
<doc id="5961471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961471" title="George Leake (disambiguation)">
George Leake (disambiguation)

George Leake (1856–1902) was Premier of Western Australia and son of George Walpole Leake.
George Leake may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5961474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961474" title="There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)">
There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)

"There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)" is a song performed by British musical duo Eurythmics. It was written and recorded by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart for their fifth studio album "Be Yourself Tonight" (1985), and features a harmonica solo by American singer Stevie Wonder. The gospel-influenced song was released as the album's second single during the third quarter of 1985 (see 1985 in music) and became a worldwide success; most notably in Ireland, Norway and the United Kingdom, where it became the duo's only chart-topping single to date.
Ever since the record has been covered by several musical artists, including Brittany Murphy, Fantastic Plastic Machine, Leningrad Cowboys, Luciano Pavarotti, Kylie Minogue, Jessica G. Pilnäs and, most noticeably, German pop group No Angels who scored their second number-one hit in Austria and Germany with their interpretation for the reissue of their album "Elle'ments" in August 2001.
Original version.
Upon its release, "There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)" became Eurythmics' first (and to date only) number-one single in the UK, also topping the charts in Ireland, Norway and Brazil. While the song peaked at number 22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States, it became another Top 10 success for the band in Sweden, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, France, Austria and Australia.
In 2013 the song was voted by "NME" as third best number one song of all time.
Music video.
The song's music video was one in a long line of innovative clips from Eurythmics. In the clip, Stewart portrays Louis XIV of France in the Court of the Sun King, while Lennox appears as a singer brought forth to perform and entertain the King. Bored at first, Stewart eventually becomes enthralled with Lennox's performance as the song reaches its conclusion. The video clip features elaborate costuming and set design.
No Angels version.
Recording.
In summer 2001, producers Patrik Majer, Ulf Leo Sommer, and Rosenstolz member Peter Plate consulted on a contemporary version of the track, re-recorded by German girl band No Angels. The song was one of a couple of tracks considered to be remade by the quintet, but was eventually picked when the producers of the animated feature "The Little Polar Bear" (for which band member Vanessa Petruo provided vocals) agreed to accept the track as film's theme song. "We were speechless and very happy about decision. The animated movie was a world premiere and something really big for us. We immediately said 'yes'," Lucy Diakovska said in an interview. Sandy Mölling noted, that the song was an all-time favorite of the band: "I liked Annie Lennox' voice ever since I can remember.
The track premiered on 9 July 2001, on the RTL Berlin radio network, receiving a positive reception from music critics, and on 17 July 2001 a preview was available on-demand in its entirety on the band's official website. Finally released as the band's third single on 12 August 2001 (see 2001 in music) in German-speaking Europe, the original CD single spawned both an unlugged and an orchestral version, latter featuring music by the Deutsches Filmorchester Babelsberg. The record was subsequently included on the "Special Winter Edition" reissue of the "Elle'ments" album (2001).
"There Must Be an Angel" was awarded for "Top Single Germany" at the 2001 Top of the Pops Awards, and received a gold certification by the IFPI. Vanessa Petruo stated in 2005 that the song was "most unnecessary" of all cover versions the band had released between the years of 2001 and 2003.
Music video.
The music video for "There Must Be an Angel" was directed by Jörn Heitmann and filmed near the General-Steinhof-Kaserne at the Gatow Airport in Berlin-Spandau, Germany on 19 July 2001. Inspired by Tony Scott's 1986 film "Top Gun", the clip features the quintet as fighter pilots of the fictional U.S. military squadron 68 at an also-fictional airbase in Angelville, United States. Additionally, it incorporates a 1940s World War II theme, heavily inspired by performances of Marilyn Monroe, The Andrews Sisters and others during their USO shows. Among the aircraft shown in the video are MiG-21s, a B-57 Canberra, a F-104 Starfighter and a Dassault Mystère.
"There Must Be an Angel" world premiered in early August 2001 on television, but was temporarily banned from music networks due to its military theme, following the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001.
Chart performance.
The group's first non-album release following "Daylight in Your Eyes" and "Rivers of Joy", the song was initially released on 12 August 2001 (see 2001 in music) in German-speaking Europe. It entered the charts straight at number-one on the German Singles Chart, staying at the top for five consecutive weeks, twelve weeks in the top forty, and seventeen weeks inside the top sixty. It was eventually certified gold by the IFPI for more than 250,000 shipped copies and ranked twelfth on the 2001 "Media Control" year-end chart in Germany.
In Austria, the single opened at number 8 on the Ö3 Austria Top 40 singles chart. However, it was not until 23 September 2001, the song's fifth week of release, "There Must Be an Angel" eventually climbed to the top spot. It remained another week at number-one and stayed twenty-one weeks within the top sixty of the chart, ranking nineteenth on the Austrian year-end chart in 2001. In Switzerland, the single debuted at a moderate number 36 on the Swiss Singles Chart. Benefiting from strong airplay however, the song reached number 2 in its third week of release, becoming the No Angels' second highest-charting single there to date. As in Germany, "There Must Be an Angel" was certified gold by the Swiss arm of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry and ranked twenty-one on the Swiss year-end chart.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of "There Must Be an Angel."

</doc>
<doc id="5961480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961480" title="Stephan Ekbergh">
Stephan Ekbergh

Stephan F. Ekbergh is a Swedish entrepreneur best known for his pioneering work in the online travel industry. He is the Chief Executive Officer and owner of Travelstart, one of the biggest online travel agencies in South Africa that has a web-presence in 5 countries in Africa as well as Turkey.
Early life and career.
Ekbergh was born in Skåne, Sweden in 1960. At age 18, he left school to start his first business, hiring out DJs and promoting rock music clubs in Malmö, Sweden. Music was his main source of income until 1988. Ekbergh soon branched out into various industries ranging from video stores, to second hand clothes, to selling used industrial equipment to the Middle East. In 1989 Ekbergh started his first travel venture, International Tours, the company redefined sales of consolidator tickets to the travel trade in the Scandinavian market. The company was later sold to a real estate group.
Business exploits in online travel.
In 1995, Ekbergh started a fully automated, telephone-based travel booking company called Sistaminutenplatser. The system utilised dual-tone multi-frequency signaling (DTMF) that was unique at the time.
After the launch of version 1.0 of Netscape Navigator at the beginning of 1995, Ekbergh quickly realised that it would be possible to book and pay for travel on the Internet. In 1998 Ekbergh launched Sweden's first online travel agency, Mr. Jet.
After being fired from Mr. Jet just a year after he founded it, Ekbergh set up Travelstart in 1999. Shortly afterwards, he sold his interests in Travelstart for a reported $9.8M.
Ekbergh bought back Travelstart in 2001 after the internet bubble burst.
In early 2010 Ekbergh sold the entire European arm of his business so that he could shift his focus to emerging markets in Africa, a continent he felt had been neglected by other major players.
Ekbergh has over the past years been active in expanding his business organically and through acquisitions. He acquired around 60% of Openjet.com, one of the world's first travel websites allowing people to search and book for low cost airline flights in 2004. He also acquired Luftgrop Scandinavias first travel comparison shopping agent.
After relocating to Cape Town in late 2004, Ekbergh formed a small design consultancy called Irrational Studios. The company was formed in order to oversee the re-branding of Travelstart internationally, and the development of the brand in South Africa. The South African branch of Travelstart was launched in August 2006
In 2006 Ekbergh's Group also acquired Scandinavia's online hangout for vivid travellers called Backpacking.se.
Ekbergh is currently an investor and a member of the Advisory board of Everbread, a travel technology start-up.
He has expanded Travelstart to include South Africa, Namibia, Kenya, Tanzania, Nigeria and Turkey as well as providing travel affiliate network solutions in all markets. Travelstart Egypt will launch in early 2013.
Media.
Ekbergh's often controversial approach to travel industry norms has resulted in much attention in South African media in recent years. In 2009 he urged travel, tourism and hospitality providers in South Africa to become more transparent in the way they publish prices in online media and print advertising.
Prior to the 2010 FIFA World Cup Ekbergh made a public call to South African travel, tourism and hospitality providers to avoid hiking prices to take advantage of the influx of tourists.
Personal life.
Ekbergh writes about entrepreneurship and the industry as a hobby and he is a regular speaker on the travel industry circuit and in schools in South Africa. He has lived in Llandudno Cape Town with his wife Annette and their four children since 2004.
He is an advocate for education and is a supporter of the Thembalitsha Foundation - a non-profit organization in the Western Cape.

</doc>
<doc id="5961481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961481" title="Riedenburg">
Riedenburg

Riedenburg is a town in the district of Kelheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Altmühl, northwest of Kelheim and northeast of Ingolstadt.

</doc>
<doc id="5961484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961484" title="Yotvata Airfield">
Yotvata Airfield

Yotvata Airfield is a small desert airfield in south Israel 40 km north of Eilat adjacent to Kibbutz Yotvata.
The runway is in a state of disrepair. It is unused except for agricultural flights and is listed as the contingency airport for nearby Eilat Airport and Ovda International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5961489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961489" title="Zhang Enhua">
Zhang Enhua

Zhang Enhua (; born 28 April 1973 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a retired Chinese football player. He is predominantly notable for his time at Dalian Wanda FC, where he won several league titles as well as being a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup. He also represented Grimsby Town, Tianjin Teda and South China during his professional career that lasted from 1994 until 2006.
Club career.
Dalian Wanda.
Zhang Enhua began his professional football career when he joined his local native Chinese football team Dalian Wanda FC at the beginning of the 1994 league season. At the club, he would gradually establish himself in defence and help it win the league title. With Dalian he would establish himself as an integral member of their defence the following season, however they were unable to retain the league title and came third within the league. Nevertheless the following season would see Zhang Enhua help Dalian stamp their dominance within the league and for the next three seasons they would win consecutive league titles.
Grimsby Town.
In 2000, Zhang was made a transfer target of second tier English club Grimsby Town and was then brought to the club on a 3-month loan deal to play in the Football League Championship. The defender would be part of a new wave of foreign imports at the club as newly installed manager Lennie Lawrence brought in David Nielsen, Knut Anders Fostervold and Menno Willems. Enhua was originally sent in as cover for the injured Peter Handyside, and after a nervous first game, he settled into life at Grimsby, even scoring three times for the club. Lawrence admitted talking to the club over a possible deal being made more permanent but his wages were too big for the club, and Enhua departed the club after his loan spell. He is still regarded as a minor cult hero amongst Grimsby supporters, who took very well to the player while he played in England. His goal celebration in the 1–0 victory over Burnley were used by ITV Yorkshire Television in the opening credits for their "Goals on Sunday" television programme throughout the 2001/2002 season.
Return to China.
Zhang returned to China to play for Dalian Wanda (who had renamed themselves Dalian Shide) once more in time to go to help win another league title and would also be named in the Chinese squad for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Following his departure from Dalian in 2003, Zhang went on to play for Tianjin Teda F.C. for several seasons before joining Hong Kong football team South China in 2005 to extend his football career.
International career.
Zhang Enhua would make his international debut against South Korea in a 0–0 draw on 19 February 1995 in the Dynasty Cup. After several further friendlies his performances would be impressive enough to see him included in the 1996 AFC Asian Cup squad, however while he would score his debut goal for his country against Saudi Arabia in the quarter-finals he would unfortunately see his team lose 4–3 and get knocked out of the competition. A firm member of the national team he would play a large part in the 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC) campaign that saw China narrowly miss out of a world cup spot. He was, however, able to help China qualify for the 2000 AFC Asian Cup and while he started the early stages he would miss the knock out stages of the competition and only play in the Third place play-off game which China lost 1–0.
Coaching career.
Enhua retired in 2006 and took up coaching in Hong Kong. On 2 March 2011 it was announced that Enhua would be returning to England to complete his coaching badges with the Football Association, and that he would return to former club Grimsby Town as a special guest for the clubs home fixture with AFC Wimbledon on 5 March.
Upon his return to Grimsby he presented the club with a gift that included Chinese writing which translated into 'it might be a long road back, but you can do it and will achieve success eventually'. He also described his visit to the club as a homecoming.
Honours.
Dalian Wanda FC

</doc>
<doc id="5961506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961506" title="The Forsaken (film)">
The Forsaken (film)

The Forsaken is a 2001 horror-thriller film written and directed by J. S. Cardone. In Australia, its promotional title was "The Forsaken: Desert Vampires".
Plot.
Sean (Kerr Smith) is driving cross country to his sister's wedding when he picks up Nick (Brendan Fehr), a hitchhiker who happens to be a vampire hunter hunting a group of vampires led by Kit (Johnathon Schaech), one of the Forsaken. 
The Forsaken are a group of French Knights that during the First Crusade made a pact with the demon Abaddon to live forever. There were nine knights: eight were turned into vampires and became known as the Forsaken; the ninth was a sacrifice to Abaddon to seal the pact. Of the eight, four are dead, one is in Europe, one in Africa and two in the United States (including the one Nick is tracking, Kit). Nick was bitten by a vampire but, thanks to an antiviral drug cocktail, the vampire virus is kept at bay. Each of the Forsaken carry a unique strain of the virus and killing the Forsaken kills the entire strain of virus; killing all the vampires descended from it, and stopping anyone just infected from turning, which is why Nick is hunting this particular Forsaken. He believes him to be the one that his strain of the vampire virus is descended from and that if he kills him, he will not eventually turn into a vampire (as the drug cocktail eventually will lose effect). At first Sean is less than willing to indulge his new acquaintance, but then they find Megan (Izabella Miko), a girl Sean finds he is attracted to, bitten and left for dead by the vampires. Nick also proves he is telling the truth by killing a vampire, Teddy (Alexis Thorpe), by exposure to sunlight.
When Sean is infected with the vampire virus (Megan bites his hand while he's covering her mouth), their only hope is to kill the vampire leader before it is too late. The Forsaken must be slain on hallowed ground, so the three head for a Spanish mission 60 miles away – chased by the vampires and their day driver Penn (Simon Rex). After a battle on the road Penn is killed and the car is running out of gas as its tank was shot so they are unable to reach the mission. They stop at a gas station where an old woman named Ina (Carrie Snodgress) lets them in after seeing Megan. She shows them a newspaper connecting Megan to a bloodbath in Arizona; when Megan wakes up and is coherent enough to talk, she explains she was a victim of the vampires' bloodbath (led by Kit) and after Kit bit her he left Teddy to kill her, which she did not do for some reason. Kit and Cym then catch up to them and lay siege to the gas station. 
Sean discovers a graveyard outside and Ina explains that it is an old Spanish graveyard that was never dug up, making the house hallowed ground and thus a suitable place to kill Kit. In the following battle, Sean blows up Cym's head with Ina's shotgun but both he and Nick are injured and Kit forces him to be his new day driver then goes after Ina and Megan. As Kit is about to kill them Sean drives his car through the gas station wall and pins Kit to the wall, hoping to hold him there until the sun rises. Kit pushes the car back when it runs out of gas due to the hole in the tank but Sean then shoots him, knocking him into a beam of sunlight and shoots him again when he manages to escape the light. As Kit starts to combust, Sean, Nick, Megan and Ina flee the gas station; Kit's explosive death ignites the gas. It seems Sean and Megan are finally clear of the vampire virus, however, Nick is not cured as it turns out that the vampire responsible for his infection is descended from the other member of the Forsaken in the United States.
Nick takes to the road to try to find and kill the other Forsaken, leaving a letter of thanks for Sean. Three months later, Sean catches up to him driving Kit's car and insists on helping, having discovered that the Forsaken is probably in Denver. The two set off for Denver.
Reception.
"The Forsaken" received extremely negative reviews from critics, as the film currently holds an 8% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 55 reviews.
Box office.
The film opened at #8 at the North American box office making $3,020,159 USD in its opening weekend. The film had a 53% decline in box office earnings the following week causing the film to move a notch down to #9, it plummeted to the 15th spot the week after that.

</doc>
<doc id="5961536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961536" title="Mikko Kuustonen">
Mikko Kuustonen

Mikko Ari Kuustonen (born March 4, 1960 in Leppävirta, Finland) is a Finnish singer-songwriter.
In 1998 Kuustonen was the first Finn to be nominated as a UNFPA Goodwill Ambassador. The following year he was awarded the Church’s Peace Prize (Kirkon rauhanpalkinto). In 2003 he was nominated as The Most Positive Finn.
Kuustonen's daughters Iina Kuustonen and Minka Kuustonen are both actresses.

</doc>
<doc id="5961542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961542" title="Ottawa Centre (provincial electoral district)">
Ottawa Centre (provincial electoral district)

Ottawa Centre is an urban provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada that has been represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario since 1968. While the riding's boundaries (mainly to the south and west as the north and east borders have remained the Ottawa River and Rideau Canal, respectively) have changed over the years to account for population changes, the riding has always comprised the central areas of Ottawa, the nation's capital.
History.
The district was created before the 1967 election. Since the 1999 election, the provincial district has had the same borders as the federal riding of Ottawa Centre.
It is represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario by Ontario Liberal Yasir Naqvi. The provincial riding has been won by the NDP seven times (1971, 1975, 1977, 1981, 1984 by-election, 1985 and 1990) and by the Liberals eight times (1968, 1987, 1995, 1999, 2003, 2007, 2011, and 2014) and never by the Conservatives or another party.
Geography.
The riding covers most of downtown Ottawa, including the Parliament Buildings. From the historic Rideau Canal, the riding stretches west encompassing the neighbourhoods of Downtown, Centretown (Centretown West which includes Little Italy is usually considered a distinct neighbourhorhood), Lebreton Flats, Mechanicsville, Hintonburg and Westboro. The riding encompasses additional neighbourhoods south of downtown, including The Glebe, Old Ottawa South, Lees Avenue, Old Ottawa East and others.
Party support varies between different parts of the riding. The consistently best areas for the Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP) are Old Ottawa South, the Glebe, and Centretown. Old Ottawa South and the Glebe are also the main Green party areas. The suburban far south and west of the riding around Hog's Back and Carlingwood Park, the large homes near the Civic Hospital, the expensive homes and apartments by the Rideau Canal, and the more expensive downtown condos are the most strongly Liberal and Conservative areas. The major swing areas are the western portions of the riding such as Hintonburg and Westboro: while traditionally Liberal, these neighbourhoods have recently become stronger for the NDP.
Many public sector workers live in the riding. The northern part of the riding contains many government office buildings, including Parliament Hill. The riding also includes Carleton University and Saint Paul University's campuses and residences.

</doc>
<doc id="5961546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961546" title="Rieneck">
Rieneck

Rieneck is a town in the Main-Spessart district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia ("Unterfranken") in Bavaria, Germany.
Geography.
Location.
Rieneck lies in the Würzburg Region between the southern foothills of the Rhön (range) and the east side of the Spessart (range) on the lower reaches of the River Sinn, 12 km northeast of Lohr am Main, and 39 km northwest of Würzburg.
The town has only the "Gemarkung" (traditional rural cadastral area) of Rieneck.
History.
In 790, Rieneck had its first documentary mention. The town’s current name comes from its former lords, the Counts of Rieneck, who themselves had taken the name from a Middle Rhenish noble family that had died out. In the mid 12th century a castle was built on the banks of the Sinn. With this arose a settlement, which as of 7 June 1311 was described as an “oppidum” (town). Among the Counts’ descendants is found the family of Ministeriales Voit von Rieneck, which itself also later earned local importance. As the castle was being converted into a knightly castle in 1168, Count Ludwig of Rieneck acquired the County in the Spessart. The comital family, whose seat was at Lohr am Main, died out with Count Philipp III on 3 September 1559. Rieneck ended up in 1673 in the hands of the Counts of Nostitz. The "Amt" of the County of Rieneck, which the Counts of Nostitz had sold in 1803 to the Counts of Colloredo Mansfeld, was in favour of the Principality of Aschaffenburg mediatized in 1806 and passed with this state in 1814 (by this time it had become a department of the Grand Duchy of Frankfurt) to Bavaria. In the course of administrative reform in Bavaria, the current community came into being with the "Gemeindeedikt" (“Municipal Edict”) of 1818.
The town’s Jewish community, which had existed for many years, came to an end with Kristallnacht (9 November 1938). Behind the house at "Schloßberg 10" at the Warriors’ Monument, a plaque recalls the persecution and murder of the town’s Jewish inhabitants in the Holocaust.
Rieneck Castle, the town’s landmark, changed hands many times over the years. Since 1959, it has housed a modern "Jugendburg" (a youth meeting and training centre) run by the "Verband Christlicher Pfadfinderinnen und Pfadfinder", a Christian Guiding and Scouting organization. The castle’s sponsor is the "Bildungs- und Erholungswerk Burg Rieneck" (BEW e.V., “Rieneck Castle Educational and Recreational Works”). Worth seeing is the extraordinary Romanesque chapel built into the 8 m-thick walls of the "Dicker Turm" (“Thick Tower”) in a cloverleaf shape. This special shape of chapel is unique in Continental Europe. Another is found only in the British Isles in a similar defensive tower.
Population development.
Within town limits, 2,315 inhabitants were counted in 1970, 2,096 in 1987 and in 2000 2,127.
Politics.
Mayors.
The mayor has been, since 1 October 2006, Wolfgang Küber (RJWU). He managed to beat his opponent Edith Reuter of the "Bürger Forum Rieneck" (BFR) in a runoff election. The election also made for a certain interest nationally (through, among others, radio station Bayern 3’s coverage) after Edith Reuter, owing to a mistake in a formal announcement by Wolfgang Küber, was left as the only candidate on the ballot. Only after the voters had been given the possibility to enter a candidate who specifically suited them and only when a substantial number of them had decided on Küber could he force a runoff.
Wolfgang Küber stood in this election for the "Rienecker Junge Wähler Union" (RJWU). Since he is also a member of "Die Grünen", however, he is also Bavaria’s seventh serving “Green” mayor.
Municipal taxes in 1999 amounted to €849,000 (converted), of which net business taxes amounted to €97,000.
Coat of arms.
The town’s arms might be described thus: Quartered, first and fourth Or three chevrons gules, second and third barry of ten of the same, the whole surmounted at the fess point by a wheel spoked of six argent.
Town seals are only known as far back as the 19th century. No official approval for the arms is known. However, the arms show the two historically most important lordly families’ arms. The two quarters with horizontal golden and red stripes are both based on the arms formerly borne by the Counts of Rieneck, and the other two, with the chevrons, are based on the those formerly borne by the Counts of Hanau. The wheel is the Wheel of Mainz. The tinctures were laid down in writing in 1898.
Economy and infrastructure.
Rieneck’s economic potential lies in forestry (more than 2 000 ha of woodland) and above all in tourism (2002: 33,500 overnight stays). The local economic structure is made up mainly of producing businesses, trade and service provision. The greater part of Rieneck’s workers commute to the nearby regional centres of Lohr am Main (Bosch Rexroth AG), Karlstadt and Würzburg.
Tourism.
Rieneck lies at the foot of Rieneck Castle and is surrounded by a charming natural landscape with mixed broadleaf forests (Spessart oak). The sweeping Sinn valley floodplain ("Sinntalaue"), which in the late 1990s was made a nature conservation area, offers rare animals, like the beaver, and protected plants, like the snake’s head, a home.
Transport.
Transport links to and from Rieneck are to be had through the railway (Flieden–Gemünden line) and the Main-Spessart local bus service. The nearest InterCityExpress stop is the railway station at Würzburg, 50 km away, and the nearest airport is 100 km away, at Frankfurt.
Social services.
On Rieneck’s outskirts, on the former “Hohenroth” estate, has been found since 1978 the "SOS-Dorfgemeinschaft Hohenroth", an SOS Children’s Village belonging to "SOS-Kinderdorf Deutschland", the organization’s German branch. Just under 160 handicapped people (as at October 2007) live there in families who care for them, and they work in their own workshops, market gardens, dairies and bakeries. The products, which are made to Demeter guidelines, can be bought in the Village’s own farm shop. The 140 ha of cropfields, meadows and woodland around the Village are inviting to those who like extensive walks, which can end at the café. Although with the inhabitants of Hohenroth there are close social and ecclesiastical ties with Rieneck, Hohenroth is officially a "Stadtteil" of Gemünden am Main.

</doc>
<doc id="5961553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961553" title="Jo Vandeurzen">
Jo Vandeurzen

Johan Maria Gerardus "Jo" Vandeurzen (Heusden, 2 June 1958) is a Belgian politician, member of "Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams" (CD&V), a centrist Flemish Christian Democratic party. He was the Belgian Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Justice and Institutional Reforms in the Leterme I Government (the Belgian federal government), which took office on 20 March 2008. On 19 December 2008 he resigned after a crisis.
After the 2009 Flemish regional election, CD&V was the largest party and he received 69,223 preference votes. When the 2009–2014 Peeters II Government took office, he became the Flemish Minister for Welfare, Public Health and Family.
He is a Master of Laws from the Catholic University of Leuven. He works at Geyskens-Vandeurzen in Beringen.

</doc>
<doc id="5961554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961554" title="Clan Cathcart">
Clan Cathcart

Clan Cathcart is a Lowland Scottish clan.
History.
Origins of the Clan.
The lands of Cathcart are named after the River Cart in Renfrewshire. "Caeth-cart" means the "strait of Cart". Rainaldus de Kethcart appears to have been the progenitor of the family. In 1178 he was witness to a charter of the king's steward to Paisley Abbey. His son was William de Kethcart who was a witness to a charter in about 1200, exchanging the lands of Knoc near Walkinshaw with the Abbey of Paisley. In 1234 a charter of resignation of the lands of Culbeth to the Abbot of Paisley was sealed by Alan de Cathcart.
Wars of Scottish Independence.
Alan de Cathcart's son, William de Cathcart, was one of the Scottish barons who submitted to Edward I of England and is listed on the Ragman Rolls of 1296. William was succeeded by Alan de Cathcart who was a staunch supporter of king Robert the Bruce in cause of Scottish independence. He followed the king's brother, Edward Bruce and was among a party of just fifty knights who surprised a much superior English force under Lord St John in Galloway and routed them. Alan survived the Wars of Scottish Independence and is recorded in a deed making a gift to the Dominican Friars of Glasgow in 1336. In the deed he is designated as "Dominus Ejusdem" which is translated as "of that Ilk". Alan was related to the Bruces through his wife who was the sister of Sir Duncan Wallace of Sundram, husband of Elanor Bruce, the Countess of Carrick.
15th and 16th centuries.
Sir Alan de Cathcart obtained several estates in Carrick. He was raised to the peerage with the title Lord Cathcart in 1447. He also obtained lands in Ayrshire including the estate of Auchencruive which was the family seat until 1718. Alan became constable of the royal Dundonald Castle. In 1485 he was appointed as "Master of the Artillery".
Alan Cathcart, son of the second Lord Cathcart was killed along with his two half-brothers, Robert and John, in 1513 at the Battle of Flodden. The third Lord Cathcart was killed at the Battle of Pinkie Cleugh in 1547.
Alan Cathcart the fourth Lord Cathcart was a Protestant and a promoter of the Scottish Reformation. He and his men fought for the Regent Moray at the Battle of Langside in 1568 against the army of Mary, Queen of Scots. The ancient Cathcart Castle has a view point and is near the battlefield, from which the queen is said to have awaited the outcome of the battle.
17th and 18th centuries.
Charles Cathcart, 8th Lord Cathcart was born in about 1686 and had a distinguished military career. He became a major on the Scots Grays in 1709. During the Jacobite rising of 1715 the eighth Lord Cathcart commanded a detachment of dragoons and it was Cathcart's troops that outflanked the Jacobite forces at Battle of Sheriffmuir. 
Charles Cathcart, 9th Lord Cathcart was an aide-de-camp to the Duke of Cumberland and fought for the government at the Battle of Culloden in 1746 where he was wounded. In 1768 he was appointed ambassador at St Petersburg and he was well received by Empress Catherine. He wore a patch on his cheek which was apparently to hide a wound that was received at the Battle of Fontenoy.
Napoleonic Wars.
William Cathcart, the tenth Lord Cathcart accompanied his father to Russia. When he returned to Scotland he took up legal studies and was called to the Bar in 1776. When he succeeded his fathers title he gave up legal studies and returned to the army. He rose to the rank of lieutenant general and was commander in chief of the forces in Ireland. He was also created a Knight of the Thistle. 
During the Napoleonic Wars in 1807 as Napoleon's troops were about to take control of Denmark, Lord Cathcart and Admiral Gambier successfully besieged Copenhagen and captured the Danish fleet of over 60 vessels together with naval stores and munitions. Lord Cathcart was rewarded with the titles Viscount Cathcart and Baron of Greenock. In June 1814 he was made Earl Cathcart. 
The second Earl Cathcart also had a distinguished military career and served throughout the Peninsular War, fighting at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815. He was also the commander of the British Army in Scotland and governor of Edinburgh Castle from 1837 to 1842.
Chief.
Clan Chief: The Rt. Hon. Charles Alan Andrew Cathcart of Cathcart, the 7th Earl Cathcart, Viscount Cathcart of Cathcart, Lord Cathcart and Baron Greenock of Greenock, Chief of the Name and Arms of Cathcart.

</doc>
<doc id="5961555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961555" title="Ein Shemer Airfield">
Ein Shemer Airfield

Ein Shemer Airfield is an Israeli army airport in northern Israel, located approximately 6 km east of Hadera. Before 1948 it was operated by the British Royal Air Force as RAF Ein Shemer.
Since 2002 the base houses a complete Arrow 2 Theater Anti Ballistic Missile battery which includes around 150-200 Arrow 2 Block 4 missiles, several launchers, the Great Pine Radar (Green Pine 2 Radar) with a 1000 kilometer range and the Yellow Citron & Brown Nut elements of the system. 
In 2008 and again in 2012, the Israeli government proposed closing down Sde Dov and Herzlia airports and relocating their general aviation activities to an expanded Ein Shemer airfield. Nearby residents however expressed strong opposition to the plan. A final decision on the matter has not been made yet.
RAF Ein Shemer.
RAF Ein Shemer was a Royal Air Force station in Palestine between 1945 and 1948. The following Royal Air Force units were based at RAF Ein Shemer between 1945 and 1948:

</doc>
<doc id="5961559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961559" title="KMK">
KMK

KMK may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5961566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961566" title="Fabrizio Mori">
Fabrizio Mori

Fabrizio Mori (born 28 June 1969 in Livorno) is an Italian hurdler, best known for his gold medal at the 1999 World Championships. 
Biography.
Fabrizio Mori won nineteen medals at the International athletics competitions, five of these with national relays team. He represented in the Golden Gala eight times between 1992 and 2002. His greatest success was in 1997 when he copped the gold medal, beating athletes such as Bryan Bronson, Stephane Diagana and Samuel Matete. In 2010 he was ranked 16th in the world along with Derrick Adkins of the USA with his 47.54 best time This also makes him the third fastest European ever 
Mori announced his retirement from professional athletics in 2006 in front of the 2006 Winter Olympics crowd gathered in his homeland, Turin, Italy. His personal best over 400 metres hurdles, which is also an Italian record, is 47.54 seconds, achieved at the 2001 World Championships in Edmonton. He participated at three editions of the Summer Olympics (1992, 1996, 2000), he has 32 caps in national team from 1988 to 2002.
Progression.
He finished the season 11 times in world "top 25", in 1999 he was World Leader.
National championships.
He has won 3 times the individual national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5961567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961567" title="University of St. La Salle">
University of St. La Salle

The University of St. La Salle (USLS), located in La Salle Avenue, Bacolod City, Philippines, is a Catholic private university run by the De La Salle Brothers. Established in 1952 as "La Salle College - Bacolod", it is the second oldest campus originally founded by the congregation in the country. The university is a member of De La Salle Philippines, a network established in 2006 comprising 17 Lasallian educational institutions in the country. The university offers elementary, secondary, undergraduate, and graduate programs. It has seven colleges namely: Business and Accountancy, Engineering and Technology, Arts and Sciences, Education, Nursing, Law, and Medicine.
History.
USLS was founded in 1952 by Br. Dennis Ruland FSC, Br. Hugh Wester FSC, and Br. V. Felix Masson FSC. La Salle College-Bacolod opened with 175 male students from Prep to Grade 5, under seven faculty members. The school building was unimpressive, built amidst sprawling muddy grounds and bordered by cane fields of adjoining lands.
In the 1960s La Salle College-Bacolod expanded from Grade School to College. This was made possible through donations by alumni, parents and benefactors. The school became co-educational in 1966.
On July 5, 1988, La Salle College-Bacolod was formally elevated to university status and christened "University of St. La Salle" during rites graced by then Honorable Secretary of Education Lourdes Quisumbing.
It played host to the beach volleyball and boxing events during the 2005 Southeast Asian Games.
Campus.
The school's 10-hectare main campus in La Salle Avenue houses the university's college and graduate school units, as well as its high school and grade school (collectively, the Integrated School). The USLS Health Sciences Campus, located at Lacson St., is an additional facility for students under its Nursing and Medicine program. Its other campus, the 55-hectare scenic USLS Granada Campus, is home to the Agribusiness Farm and the Science Ecological Park, which caters to its Agribusiness students. In March 2012, plans for transferring the Integrated School to a 7-hectare lot in Brgy. Bata as been drafted, as well as the master plan for the redevelopment of the main campus.
Integrated School Campus.
The University allotted PHP200 Million for the construction of a new Integrated School Campus in Brgy. Mandalagan . The current Integrated School, which is home to 2,000 I.S. Students, is already congested. The new campus features two four-storey buildings and can accommodate up to 4,000 students. Construction is expected to be completed by 2015.
Patron saint.
The university's patron saint is St. John Baptist de La Salle, a French priest, educational reformer, and founder of an international educational movement who spent over forty years of his life dedicated to education for the children of the poor. 
In the process, he standardized educational practices throughout France, wrote inspirational meditations on the ministry of teaching (along with catechisms, politeness texts, and other resources for teachers and students), and became the catalyst and resource for many other religious congregations dedicated to education that were founded in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Academics.
USLS offers elementary, secondary, undergraduate and graduate level programs. Lasalle offers academic programs under Business, Law, the Social Sciences, Medicine, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Engineering, Nursing, Education, and Hospitality Management. Lasalle has seven Academic colleges, namely College of Nursing, College of Arts and Sciences, College of Business and Accountancy, College of Education, College of Law, College of Engineering and Technology, and College of Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="5961572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961572" title="Salopian Art Pottery">
Salopian Art Pottery

Salopian Art Pottery was a range of decorative earthenwares made by the Benthall Pottery at Benthall, Shropshire, England, between c. 1880 and c. 1930. Pieces were marked with a variety of impressed and inscribed marks, the most frequent mark being 'SALOPIAN' in upper-case printers' type.

</doc>
<doc id="5961574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961574" title="Center Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Center Township, Wood County, Ohio

Center Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,206 people in the township.
Geography.
Located in the center of the county, it borders the following townships:
Much of the city of Bowling Green, the county seat of Wood County, is located in western Center Township.
Center Township is also the location of the Wood County Airport, and of the intersection of I-75 and U.S. Route 6.
Name and history.
It is one of nine Center Townships statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="5961599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961599" title="Röbel">
Röbel

Röbel is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the western shore of Lake Müritz, 25 km north of Wittstock, and 27 km southwest of Waren.
Sights.
The museum "Engelscher Hof" and the half-timbered former synagogue provide a permanent exhibition on Mecklenburg's Jewish history, commemorating - among other things - the life and work of Israel Jacobson, formerly consistorial president in the Kingdom of Westphalia and feudal landlord in Jördenstorf.

</doc>
<doc id="5961625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961625" title="Child Abduction and Serial Murder Investigative Resources Center">
Child Abduction and Serial Murder Investigative Resources Center

The Morgan P. Hardiman Child Abduction and Serial Murder Investigative Resources Center (CASMIRC) is part of the National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime (NCAVC). CASMIRC was established as part of Public Law 105-314, the Protection of Children From Sexual Predators Act, passed by Congress on October 30, 1998. The legislation creates the center to reduce crime involving child abductions, mysterious disappearances of children, child homicide, and serial murder.
Goals.
CASMIRC has been charged with accomplishing the following goals:

</doc>
<doc id="5961639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961639" title="François-Virgile Dubillard">
François-Virgile Dubillard

François-Virgile Dubillard (16 February 1845, Soye near Besançon. France – 1 December 1914, Chambéry) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church, and Archbishop of Chambéry 1907–1914. 
He was made cardinal in 1911 by Pope Pius X. He was too ill to take part in the 1914 conclave.

</doc>
<doc id="5961652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961652" title="Dudley Dorival">
Dudley Dorival

Dudley Dorival (born 1 September 1975) is a retired Haitian hurdler. He was born in Elizabeth, United States.
Dorival attended and competed at the University of Connecticut. He is best known for his bronze medal in 110 metres hurdles at the 2001 World Championships, which he won in a personal best time of 13.25 seconds.
Born in the United States to Haitian parents, Dorival took the Haitian nationality on July 29, 1999.
He is now the Sprints and Hurdles Coach for Rider University's Track and Field team, which he helped lead to a Metro-Atlantic Athletic Conference Men's Outdoor Championship in 2010-2011.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5961654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961654" title="Chimney Rock National Monument">
Chimney Rock National Monument

Chimney Rock National Monument is a U.S. National Monument in San Juan National Forest in southwestern Colorado which includes an archaeological site. This area is located in Archuleta County, Colorado between Durango and Pagosa Springs and is managed for archaeological protection, public interpretation, and education. The Chimney Rock Archaeological Site has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1970. U.S. President Barack Obama created Chimney Rock National Monument by proclamation on September 21, 2012 under authority of the Antiquities Act.
Geography.
Chimney Rock lies on 4,726 acres (19 km2) of San Juan National Forest land surrounded by the Southern Ute Indian Reservation. Chimney Rock itself occupies 1,000 acres (4 km2) of the site, and is approximately 315 feet (96 m) tall.
History.
The rock itself is over 535 million years old, and offers 75-mile panoramic views of the local area. The Ancient Pueblo People site, designated on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970, was a community inhabited between Durango and Pagosa Springs about 1,000 years ago with about 200 rooms. Rooms in the buildings were used for living, work areas and ceremonial purposes. The site is located within the San Juan National Forest Archaeological Area on 4,100 acres of land. Between May 15 and September 30 the Visitor Center is open and guided walking tours are conducted daily.
Housing approximately 2,000 ancient Pueblo Indians between A.D. 925 and 1125, the settlement included a Great House with round ceremonial rooms, known as kivas, and 36 ground-floor rooms.
Since the 1960s, Dr. Frank Eddy of the University of Colorado and others have studied the site, and research continues.
Utilizing the provisions of the Antiquities Act, U.S. president Barack Obama elevated the archeological site to the status of a national monument on September 21, 2012.
Educational opportunities.
As part of a continuing education program, the first virtual visitors this year were 26 people on indoor stationary bicycles in Ohio. They cycled, virtually, to the Monument, around the Monument, and from the Monument, while studying its rich history.
Funding sources.
Its care, protection, and preservation are shared by the Pagosa Ranger District, United States Forest Service and the public, who contribute through tour fees, donations, and purchase of items from the Chimney Rock Visitor's Center. The Chimney Rock Interpretive Program, managed and staffed by the U.S. Forest Service and volunteers of the Chimney Rock Interpretive Association, conducts daily guided walking tours and operates the Visitor Center during in-season, May 15 to September 30.

</doc>
<doc id="5961695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961695" title="Thief of Hearts">
Thief of Hearts

Thief of Hearts is a 1984 film drama produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer. It was written and directed by Douglas Day Stewart.
It stars Steven Bauer, Barbara Williams, David Caruso and John Getz. The film was nominated for a Razzie Awards including Worst Musical Score for Moroder.
Plot.
A burglar, Scott Muller (Steven Bauer), teams up with Buddy Calamara (David Caruso), a valet at a high-society restaurant. Buddy keeps an eye on Mickey and Ray Davis, a rich married couple, while Scott robs their home.
One night, one of the items Scott takes is a diary belonging to the wife (Barbara Williams). Scott reads the diary and discovers that the wife, Mickey, an interior designer, yearns for a more interesting life. He quickly becomes infatuated with her. The diary is full of her fantasies and dreams, so Scott plans to turn these into reality.
Mickey's husband, children's book author Ray Davis (John Getz), gets too involved in his work and neglects his wife's needs. Scott uses his inside knowledge to seduce her, using the pretext of needing someone to re-design his apartment, and posing as a school supply company CEO. The forbidden romance soon blossoms into a passionate sexual relationship, as Ray becomes suspicious.
During another robbery, Buddy kills a policeman who spotted them. Scott becomes more and more tense when Mickey starts asking questions about him and his past. Ray decides to follow Scott with his friend and publisher Marty Morrison (George Wendt). They snoop around the building used by the robbers and find out Scott is the thief who stole his belongings.
Buddy sees Ray there. He tells Scott, who, visibly agitated, goes to see Mickey, asking her to leave the city with him, revealing he was the one who stole her diary. Her husband arrives and fights with Scott, and when Mickey comes to her husband's aid, Scott leaves.
When the Davises go to a restaurant, Scott breaks into their home and reads Mickey's latest diary entry. Buddy intends to rob them again and Scott tries to stop him. They fight and one gets stabbed with Buddy's knife. The married couple come home to find the last standing intruder still in the house.
Mickey gets out her pistol and aims at the masked man. A gunshot is heard and the man stumbles down. The police arrives and it is revealed that the man shot was Buddy. Mickey goes to the bedroom and finds out that Scott is there, alive but wounded. Rather than be arrested for having shot Buddy, he escapes from the police through the window as Mickey watches him running in the dark.

</doc>
<doc id="5961700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961700" title="Bietschhorn">
Bietschhorn

The Bietschhorn (3,934 m) is a mountain in canton Wallis to the south of the Bernese Alps in Switzerland. The northeast and southern slopes of the mountain are part of the Jungfrau-Aletsch Protected Area (formerly "Jungfrau-Aletsch-Bietschhorn") listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site that also includes the Jungfrau and the Aletsch Glacier. The Bietschhorn is located on the south side of the Lötschental valley and form part of the UNESCO World Heritage Region at the north end of the Bietschtal valley and Baltschiedertal valley. Most climbers approach the mountain from either the Bietschhornhütte or the Baltschiederklause. 
It was first climbed on 13 August 1859 by Leslie Stephen, with guides Anton Siegen, Johann Siegen and Joseph Ebener. An account of this first ascent was published by Leslie Stephen in his book "The Playground of Europe" (1871).

</doc>
<doc id="5961701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961701" title="Learn from Dazhai in agriculture">
Learn from Dazhai in agriculture

The "Learn from Dazhai in agriculture" Campaign (Chinese: , "nóngyè xué Dàzhài") was a campaign organized by Mao Zedong in 1963. The campaign encouraged peasants from all over the People's Republic of China to follow from the example of the farmers of Dazhai, Shanxi, by practicing self-sacrifice and political activity. It was better known in English by the town's Wade-Giles romanization Tachai.
It grew in importance after the introduction of the Cultural Revolution, but Chen Yonggui and its other proponents were eventually eased out of power by Deng Xiaoping following the removal of the Gang of Four.

</doc>
<doc id="5961703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961703" title="Rodewisch">
Rodewisch

Rodewisch is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 3 km north of Auerbach (Vogtland), and 20 km east of Plauen.

</doc>
<doc id="5961713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961713" title="It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)">
It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)

"It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back)" is a song written and recorded by the British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was released as the fourth and final single from their 1985 album "Be Yourself Tonight". The song was produced by Dave Stewart, and the song's distinctive brass arrangement was devised by Michael Kamen. 
The single was a Top 20 hit in the UK, where it peaked at number 12 (Eurythmics' tenth Top 20 hit in the UK singles chart), but was less successful in the United States, stalling at number 78 on the Billboard Hot 100. As songwriters, Lennox and Stewart received the 1986 Ivor Novello award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically.
Track listings.
7"
12"
Music Video.
The song's music video, directed by Willy Smax, was a combination of live shots with computer animation, an innovative look for a music video in the mid 1980s. The video depicts a story in which Annie Lennox is in a car accident at the beginning of the video and her partner, portrayed by Dave Stewart, is so connected to her that he can instantly tell that something is wrong and immediately travels from the Orient to get to her. She is seen lying in a hospital bed with a heart monitor in the background. She performs the song as an out of body experience or a spirit. The main focus of the video is Stewart's race to get to Lennox's side, which he finally does by the end of the video. When he opens the door to her hospital room, her eyes instantly pop wide open and the two embrace and then turn into pieces of abstract animation.

</doc>
<doc id="5961727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961727" title="Zhao Junzhe">
Zhao Junzhe

Zhao Junzhe (; born 19 April 1979) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Liaoning Whowin in the Chinese Super League. 
Club career.
Zhao Junzhe graduated to the Liaoning Whowin's first team from the club's academy and made his debut in the 1999 season where he made 25 appearances and scored three goals. He continued to be a vital member for Liaoning that season when he aided them to being runners-up and the Chinese FA Cup. He soon became the club's captain and won the Chinese Football Association Player of the Year award in 2004. The following seasons saw the club's fortunes fall and Zhao unfortunately led the team to relegation to China League One at the end of the 2008 season. Despite this setback, he remained with the team and immediately led Liaoning back up to the top tier when they won the second tier title in 2009.
International career.
Zhao was included into the Chinese national team by then manager Bora Milutinović for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Though his chances were limited on the international team at the time, he did play in two group stage matches during the tournament and nearly scored by hitting the post against Brazil. He played a vital role in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup in which China finished as runners-up.
Honours.
Club.
Liaoning Whowin
Personal life.
Zhao married Liu Tao on 15 October 2005. He is a descendant of Boolungga, who is the brother of Giocangga. 

</doc>
<doc id="5961729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961729" title="Pan Yunhe">
Pan Yunhe

Pan Yunhe () (born November 4, 1946) is a Chinese specialist in artificial intelligence and geographic information systems.
Pan did his undergraduate study at Tongji University in Shanghai, and his postgraduate study at Zhejiang University in Hangzhou. From 1995 to 2006, he was the president of Zhejiang University. He was assigned vice-president of the Chinese Academy of Engineering on June 7, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5961732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961732" title="Flying Turns (roller coaster)">
Flying Turns (roller coaster)

Flying Turns is the name of a specific model of bobsled roller coaster. John Norman Bartlett, a British aviator in World War I, came to North America after the war with an idea for a trackless wooden chute, full of twists like a bobsled course, with toboggan-like cars, based on a bobsled ride that operated in Europe. He filed a patent for the idea in 1926. Bartlett met John Miller in 1928, and they commenced building the new ride. When the ride went into production, much of the idea was the same, but the cars looks more like monoplanes, which Bartlett designed. Miller worked on the loading station, supporting structure, braking system and incline.

</doc>
<doc id="5961738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961738" title="Riccardo Bonetto">
Riccardo Bonetto

Riccardo Bonetto (born 20 March 1979 in Asolo, Treviso) is an Italian football of Bassano Virtus.
Career.
He also played at Serie A level with Empoli and Livorno. Bonetto was sold to Empoli in co-ownership deal in 2001 from Juve, for €516,000. In June 2003 Juventus gave up the remain registration rights to Empoli.

</doc>
<doc id="5961741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961741" title="Jean Vuarnet">
Jean Vuarnet

Jean Vuarnet (born January 18, 1933 in Le Bardo, Tunisia) is a former ski racer from France.
Career.
The high point of his career came in the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley, where he won the gold medal in the downhill. 
Previously, he had won bronze in the same event at the 1958 World Ski Championships in Bad Gastein.
After he had retired from active competition, Vuarnet became vice-president of the French skiing association from 1962 to 1971.
Business.
In the early sixties Jean Vuarnet was asked by his hometown of Morzine to help develop the skiing-area around the town. He did that by creating the purposebuild resort of Avoriaz together with a group of young architects. Around Avoriaz he developed a new area for alpine skiing later linked to other areas in France and Switzerland known as The Portes du Soleil. 
Jean Vuarnet's has given name to the exclusive Vuarnet sunglasses which meanwhile belong to the alain mikli group.
Personal life.
In 1958, he married Edith Bonlieu, three-time French women's ski champion.
His wife Édith and his youngest son Patrick were among the members of the Order of the Solar Temple cult who committed suicide in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5961783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961783" title="John Mackintosh (Scottish politician)">
John Mackintosh (Scottish politician)

John Pitcairn Mackintosh (24 August 1929 – 30 July 1978) was a Scottish Labour Party politician known for his advocacy of devolution, at a time when it was anathema to the Labour leadership, and for his pro-Europeanism. He advanced the concept of dual nationality: that Scots could be both Scottish and British, and indeed European.
Mackintosh was born in Simla, India, and brought up in Edinburgh. He was educated at Melville College, the University of Edinburgh, Balliol College, Oxford and Princeton University. He was senior lecturer in government at the University of Ibadan, Nigeria 1961-63, and became Professor of Politics at the University of Strathclyde.
Mackintosh contested Edinburgh Pentlands in 1959 and Berwick and East Lothian in 1964. He was elected Member of Parliament for Berwick and East Lothian in 1966. In the February 1974 general election against the national trend, he lost his seat to the Conservative Michael Ancram, but regained it in the October 1974 election.
Later in his life Mackintosh became Chair and Professor of Politics at the University of Edinburgh, where he managed to balance his duties in the House of Commons with teaching students, a role he enjoyed. He was a strong supporter of formal lectures and would deliver his remarks written out all in longhand. This style of presentation did his students no harm: during his last year of life he taught an introductory undergraduate course on political philosophy in 20 lectures; at the end of this series the students gave him a standing ovation.
He wrote widely in the academic press and also for the educated general reader. He first wrote on devolution in 1966, publishing, "The Devolution of Power." Perhaps his most famous book was "The British Cabinet," published in 1968. Other works include: "The Government and Politics of Britain"(1970), revised twice; "Nigerian Government and Politics" (1968); and "British Prime Ministers in the Twentieth Century (Editor-1977). He was a prolific academic writer and authored scores of academic analyses.
Mackintosh had a regular column in "The Times" and "The Scotsman" newspapers. He was an accomplished broadcaster and lecturer, appearing regularly on television and giving public lectures. He was also the Editor of "The Political Quarterly", and Chairman of the Hansard Society.
John Mackintosh died in office in 1978, aged 48. His successor in the resulting by-election was John Home Robertson.
He was a dedicated constituency MP. His agent, Gerald O'Brian, recalled at his memorial service that Mackintosh, "only once lost his temper with me when I caused him to miss a constituency General Management Committee meeting -- it was the only one he ever missed." He was extremely fond of East Lothian and is buried in the churchyard in Gifford.
Mackintosh was a fierce proponent of devolution to Scotland. He famously said in the House of Commons in 1976 : "People in Scotland want a degree of government for themselves. It is not beyond the wit of man to devise the institutions to meet these demands." This quote is engraved on the threshold of the Donald Dewar Room at Holyrood. [http://www.scottish.parliament.uk/nmCentre/news/news-04/pa04-014.htm] The late Donald Dewar, First Minister of Scotland, said of John Mackintosh's lifelong belief in devolution:
"His ideas had a lasting influence. ... was a powerful advocate for devolution...John was something of a prophet, a mighty champion of reform at a time when constitutional change was not an approved and certainly not a fashionable cause. At the core he always placed democratic control, the empowering of the people. He did not base his argument on nationalism. It was not the glorification of the Nation state. It was never Scotland right or wrong. His vision was good government, an equitable democracy, that borrowed, elevated, created opportunity for the citizen."
An annual memorial lecture is held, alternating between East Lothian and Edinburgh University. Past speakers have included: Jack McConnell, MSP, First Minister of Scotland; John Kenneth Galbraith; Neil Kinnock MP; John Smith MP; Donald Dewar MSP, First Minister of Scotland; and Gordon Brown MP, among others.
The most recent lecture, on November 8, 2012 was delivered by Alastair Darling MP, and entitled "Better Together."(Better Together)
The continued salience of Mackintosh's thinking on Scottish devolution has also been underscored by Iain Gray, former leader of the Scottish Labor Party in the Scotsman (The Scotsman, November 9, 2012).
After his death two volumes of essays were published: "Mackintosh on Parliament and Social Democracy," edited by David Marquand (1983); and "Mackintosh on Scotland," edited by Henry Drucker (1982).

</doc>
<doc id="5961786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961786" title="Swing Vote (1999 film)">
Swing Vote (1999 film)

Swing Vote is a 1999 American television film, directed by David Anspaugh. It features an alternative reality where the Supreme Court of the United States has overturned the "Roe v. Wade" decision, and the State of Alabama subsequently charging a woman with first degree murder for having an abortion.
__TOC__
Story.
Joseph Kirkland (Andy García) has recently been appointed to the United States Supreme Court and is faced with an emotional issue; abortion. Virginia Mapes (Lisa Gay Hamilton) elected to have an abortion in Alabama, just before the law was enacted and is being charged with first degree murder. The Justices who want to overturn the law are in a minority, thus making Justice Kirkland a powerful swing vote.
Justice Kirkland faces competing pro-life and pro-choice arguments from other justices, his secretary and even his wife. His final decision seeks to strike some sort of middle ground between the two political positions.

</doc>
<doc id="5961791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961791" title="Freedom Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Freedom Township, Wood County, Ohio

Freedom Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 2,727 people in the township, 1,356 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography.
Located in the eastern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
The village of Pemberville is located in northern Freedom Township.
Name and history.
Statewide, other Freedom Townships are located in Henry and Portage counties.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Freedom Township House is located in Pemberville at the intersection of State Route 105 and Water Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5961792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961792" title="Mount Matutum">
Mount Matutum

Matutum is an active volcano, approximately 5.7 km from Acmonan, Tupi, South Cotabato, Philippines.
Location.
Matutum is located in the province of South Cotabato, on the island of Mindanao, in the south of the Philippines, at geographical coordinates 6°22'N, 125°06.5'E.
It is 15 km north of Polomolok, and about 30 km north-northwest of General Santos City
Physical features.
Matutum is a stratovolcano that rises 2,286 meters asl with a base diameter of 25 km.
It has 2 hot springs, called Acmonan and Linan, 5.7 km west-southwest of the volcano. 
Adjacent volcanic edifices are Landayao, Tampad, and Albulhek, which are all west of the volcano, and Magolo to the north.
There is a well-preserved 320 metre wide crater at the volcano's summit. The crater is breached by three gorges and has a 120 metre deep, densely forested floor.
Eruptions.
Volcanologists suspect that Matutum may have had a phreatic explosion on March 7, 1911.
Matutum is one of the active volcanos in the Philippines. All are part of the Pacific ring of fire.

</doc>
<doc id="5961796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961796" title="Rex (chair)">
Rex (chair)

The "REX" Chair is a Scandinavian design-inspired wooden chair design that is included in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art MOMA in New York and was designed by Slovene architect and designer Niko Kralj (1920-2013) in 1952. In 2012, it was given a permanent place in Designmuseum, Denmark, the largest museum of design in Scandinavia. It became a cult object for design lovers around the globe with its calm contemporary elegance and a feeling of floating. It is the most internationally notable Slovenian design item and in 2004, at the 50 years anniversary of its development there was at the Museum of Modern Art in Ljubljana an exhibition devoted to the REX chair. REX chair was ranked at the second place as the Slovenian product of 20th century according to the ″Finance″ newspaper in 1999. 
Development.
At the time Kralj was manager of Stol development services. He ranked among such international industrial design legends as Charles and Ray Eames or Alvar Aalto and has conquered the world with his innovative design. Kralj received the Prešeren Prize, as well. The REX chair was elevated to the level of a cult item. It was the first chair in Slovenia made in technology of molded, perforated plywood designed for mass production. 
Basic designs.
The back of the chair is perforated to allow for ventilation and to reduce the weight. Bent plywood armrests support the elbows and joint to the back panel strengthens the chair structure. Basic designs of the REX Chair include:
Production.
Exclusive holder for manufacturing and distribution rights of REX chair is Impakta Les. REX Collection in production today consists of Rex Folding Chair, Rex Folding Lounge Chair, Rex Folding Rocking Chair, Rex Folding Daybed and Rex Folding Table.
Until today, they have produced over 2 million chairs. 
History.
The Chair is made entirely of wood. It consists of a solid beechwood frame for secured pieces of bowed plywood with a rectangular shape. The armrests, made of solid wood with the front sections cut in a round shape, are joined statically to the two diagonal legs.
The end of the curved sidepieces are set in the crosspieces at the edges of the seat and the back panels; in this way the use of visible wood screws is avoided at the front of the chair. The crosspiece on the seat contributes to the chair’s greater comfort.
The seat and the back panels are created by the cross pieces designed in a mold. In this way, the problematic sharp bend between the seat and the back is avoided and the length of individual rods is shortened. The seat and back are curved to the shape of the body. The rear legs extend into the armrest. The formation of this element requires high-quality wood with a good deal of waste involved. This is a prefabricated chair held together with bolts and nuts.
The seat and back are the same as in the third model. The armrest and the front and rear legs are all in one piece. This element is made of veneers designed in a mold and requires solid wood reinforcements. “The use of wood is reduced to the minimum; the armchair is prefabricated and stable even without bindings on the legs.” The shortened armrests, however, is problematic, since it does not provide the best support, especially for the elbow.
Te seat and the back are the same as in the third model. The front and rear legs touch at the top and the spread apart diagonally downwards. To support this A-shape, the plywood armrest, which is curved at a right angle (through high-frequency dielectric heating), is affixed to the upper section. The chair structure is strengthened further by the armrest being joined to the back panel.
The slats that were set shallowly into the side element were not able to withstand abrupt burdens and so are replaced by perforated three-dimensionally bent plywood, shaped to the contours of the body. The panels is inserted between two sidepieces. The edge pieces on the front of the seat panel and the top of the back panel are replaces by glued strips.
In 1954, Model No. 56 was accepted for mass production under the name Rex 120.

</doc>
<doc id="5961798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961798" title="Xu Yunlong">
Xu Yunlong

Xu Yunlong (; born 17 February 1979 in Beijing) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Xu Yunlong started his professional football career in the 1999 league season for Beijing Guoan when he broke into senior team, making thirteen league appearances and quickly established himself as an extremely versatile player. By the next season, he would continue to use his versatility to gain considerably more playing time for Beijing Guoan and would often be used as a right-back where his pace was quickly exploited, however after several season he would increasingly move to centre-back and become an integral member of their defense. His importance towards the team would be shown when in the 2008 league season when he would be named as their vice-captain and then later as their 2009 title winning captain.
International career.
Xu made his debut for the Chinese national team against Yugoslavia on 25 May 2000 in a 2-0 defeat in which then manager Bora Milutinović who used Xu Yunlong predominately as a right-back. Under Milutinović, Xu Yunlong's international career flourished by keeping previous right-back Sun Jihai out of the national team during the 2000 AFC Asian Cup. He was however forced out of action due to pneumonia and Sun Jihai regained his place within the team, nevertheless his performances were still good enough to be called into the squad to participate in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Honours.
Club.
Beijing Guoan
International.
China PR national football team

</doc>
<doc id="5961801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961801" title="Römhild">
Römhild

Römhild is a town in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 14 km west of Hildburghausen, and 21 km southeast of Meiningen. On 31 December 2012, it merged with the former municipalities Gleichamberg, Haina, Mendhausen, Milz and Westenfeld.
In the Stadtkirche of Römhild is the tomb of Elisabeth and Hermann VIII of Henneberg. The grave has sometimes been attributed to Herman Vischer the Younger (c.1486–1517), a member of the Vischer Family of Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="5961825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961825" title="Ronneburg">
Ronneburg

Ronneburg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5961834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961834" title="Alan Pegler">
Alan Pegler

Alan Francis Pegler OBE, FRSA (16 April 1920 – 18 March 2012) was a British businessman, entrepreneur, railway preservationist and actor.
Early life.
Born in London on 16 April 1920, he was the son of Francis Pegler, the then Managing Director of the family-owned Northern Rubber Company based in Retford, and his wife Enid, herself the daughter of amateur golfer F.S. Ireland who was written about by Bernard Darwin in his book "Green Memories". Raised in the Nottinghamshire village of Sutton cum Lound, he was educated at Hydneye House School, Sussex and Radley College, Oxford.
Career.
Pegler gained his Private Pilots Licence aged 17 at Radley, and spent much of his time chasing LNER expresses along the East Coast Mainline. Accepted into Jesus College, Cambridge to study law, the outbreak of World War II meant that he was instead commissioned into the Fleet Air Arm, training to fly Blackburn Skua fighter/dive-bombers. However, a serious illness resulted in his being invalided out to join the Royal Observer Corps. Upset outside active duty, he applied to become an intelligence officer for the Royal Air Force, where he accepted that as his Fleet Air Arm commission was not recognised, he started again in the ranks. By the end of World War II, he was again a commissioned officer in the RAF Photographic Recognition department.
Post war he was again accepted into Jesus College, Cambridge, but after a year his father became ill, and he returned home to run the family business. Made a director of the firm aged 21, he then became a Lloyd's of London insurance underwriter, from which he earned a reasonable fortune of his own.
Railways.
From 1951, Pegler began to run railway enthusiasts excursions, under the NRC banner. Through these efforts in 1955 he was directly appointed by Sir Brian Robertson to the British Transport Commission's Eastern area board. As a result, in 1959 he was on the footplate of the LNER Class A4 "Sir Nigel Gresley" as it broke the postwar steam speed record by hitting south of Grantham.
Ffestiniog Railway.
In 1951, Pegler was approached by friends to buy and clear the outstanding debt on the derelict Ffestiniog Railway, which having opened in 1832 ran from the slate quarries at Blaenau Ffestiniog to the seaport town of Porthmadog. Lent £3,000 by his father, he obtained control in June 1954, and was appointed the companies Chairman. Preserved trains first ran over a short section in 1954, but after a diversion to avoid the new Ffestiniog Power Station reservoir, in 1982 was fully reopened to passengers. A few years later it was carrying 200,000 passengers, the second largest Welsh tourist attraction after Caernarvon Castle. Many saw this as the result of Pegler’s drive and ability to inspire others with his unquenchable enthusiasm to fulfil his dream. Pegler, who remained fully involved with the railway until his death in 2012, was appointed OBE in the 2006 New Year Honours in recognition of his contribution.
4472 "Flying Scotsman".
Pegler first saw LNER Class A3 4472 "Flying Scotsman" in Wembley at the 1924 British Empire Exhibition. In 1961, he received £70,000 for his share holding when Northern Rubber was sold to Pegler's Valves, a company started by his grandfather. In 1962, British Railways announced that they would scrap the former LNER Class A3 4472 "Flying Scotsman". Proposed to be saved by a group called "Save Our Scotsman", they were unable to raise the required £3,000, the scrap value of the locomotive. Pegler stepped in and bought the locomotive outright, with the political support of Harold Wilson. He spent the next few years spending large amounts of money having the locomotive restored at the Doncaster Works, and then persuaded the British Railways Board to let him run enthusiasts specials, then the only steam locomotive running on mainline British Railways.
In 1969, then Prime Minister Willson agreed to support Pegler via the Trade Department running the locomotive in the United States and Canada to support British exports. To comply with local railway regulations, it was fitted with a cowcatcher, bell, buckeye couplings and an American-style whistle. Starting in Boston, Massachusetts, the tour ran into immediate problems, with some states seeing the locomotive as a fire-hazard, and there-by raising costs through the need for diesel-headed-haulage through them. However, the train ran from Boston to New York, Washington and Dallas in the first year; from Texas to Wisconsin and finishing in Montreal in 1970; and from Toronto to San Francisco in 1971 — a total of .
However, in 1970 Ted Heath's Conservatives ousted Willson's Labour Party, and withdrew financial support from the tour. However, Pegler decided to return for the 1970 season. By the end of that seasons tour, the money had run out and Pegler was £132,000 in debt, with the locomotive in storage in U.S. Army Sharpe Depot to keep it away from unpaid creditors. In 1973 she was sold to Sir Bill McAlpine, who returned it to the UK.
Later life.
Pegler worked his passage home from San Francisco to England on a P&O cruise ship in 1971, giving lectures about trains and travel. Declared bankrupt in the High Court 1972, he rented a room above a fish and chips shop opposite Paddington Station. From 1973, Pegler was again employed by P&O for two seasons giving his popular lectures. Pegler then took up acting, gaining his Equity trade union card by playing Henry VIII in a theatre restaurant in St Katharine Docks. After 700 performances of Henry VIII at the Tower of London, he obtained a discharge from his bankruptcy.
When Sir James Sherwood's Sea Containers company began collecting Pullman Company carriages to relaunch an Orient Express, Pegler introduced himself as a useful railway contact, as well as an expert lecturer. Sherwood employed Pegler as a lecturer six days a week, and when the trains were not running he performed the same role on British Rail’s luxury Highland rail cruises.
Personal life.
Pegler married four times:
Pegler's partner for much of his later life was Petrina Derrington. He died on 18 March 2012 at the age of 91, after a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="5961836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961836" title="Myles Shevlin">
Myles Shevlin

Myles P. Shevlin was an Irish republican Dublin-based solicitor known as 'the Provisionals' "legal adviser"' Shevlin represented several individuals accused of IRA membership and/or activity.
On 20 June 1972, he attended and took notes at a meeting of IRA representatives with William Whitelaw, the British Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, in London. The representatives included Gerry Adams, Martin McGuinness and Dáithí Ó Conaill.
Death.
He died at his home in Dublin in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5961841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961841" title="Nikolay Anikin">
Nikolay Anikin

Nikolay Petrovich Anikin (; January 25, 1932, Ishim, Tyumen Oblast, Russia, USSR - November 14, 2009, Duluth, Minnesota, United States) was a Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the late 1950s and early 1960s, training at Dynamo in Moscow.
Medals.
He earned three medals at the Winter Olympics with two medals in the 4x10 km relay (gold: 1956, bronze: 1960) and a bronze in the 30 km (1960). He also earned a silver medal in the 4x10 km relay at the 1958 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.
Awards.
He was awarded Order of the Badge of Honor (1957).
Death.
Anikin died from cancer at his home in Duluth, Minnesota, aged 77.

</doc>
<doc id="5961843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961843" title="Northmoor">
Northmoor

Northmoor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5961847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961847" title="Raymond Carter (politician)">
Raymond Carter (politician)

Raymond John Carter (born 17 September 1935) is a Labour Party politician.
Carter was educated at Mortlake Secondary School, Reading Technical College and Stafford College of Technology and became an electrical engineer. He was a councillor on Easthampstead Rural District Council from 1963.
Carter contested Wokingham in 1966.
He was Member of Parliament for Birmingham Northfield from 1970 to 1979, when he unexpectedly lost the seat to the Conservative Jocelyn Cadbury by just 204 votes (a margin of 0.3%), on a swing of 10.2%. Carter was a junior minister for the Northern Ireland Office from 1976 to 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="5961848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961848" title="Francisco Ventoso">
Francisco Ventoso

Francisco José Ventoso Alberdi (born 6 May 1982) is a Spanish road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam, the . Ventoso turned professional with in 2004 before moving to in 2008. He won the 2010 Paris–Brussels in a bunch sprint. On the back his victory in the one day classic and 3 other stage wins, he was included in the Spanish squad to ride at the World Championships in Geelong.
Palmarès.
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
WD = Withdrew; In Progress = IP

</doc>
<doc id="5961850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961850" title="An Qi">
An Qi

An Qi () (born 21 June 1981 in Dalian, Liaoning, China) is a former Chinese goalkeeper. An Qi was also included in the Chinese national squad that played during the 2002 FIFA World Cup, however he did not feature in any of the games.
Club career.
An Qi was one of the most promising young goalkeepers within China and would rise to prominence during his time for Dalian Shide and established himself as their first-choice goalkeeper within the 2002 league season, in time to also be called up to the Chinese football team. After four seasons with Dalian Shide, the club brought in Vladimir Petrović as their new manager and he would drop An Qi as the first choice goalkeeper. An Qi would go on loan to lower league side Dalian Changbo to help revive his career and it would work when top tier side Xiamen Lanshi decided to make him on as their first choice goalkeeper. After two seasons with the team the club would be relegated from the Chinese Super League and decide to disband in a disappointing 2007 league season. Without a club, An Qi would move to reigning league champions Changchun Yatai where he played understudy to Zong Lei, however before he could challenge for the goalkeeper position he suffered a knee ligament break where he would decide to go to Belgium to receive surgery and causing him to miss the entire 2008 league season. An Qi would finally make his debut for Changchun Yatai in a league game against Shenzhen Asia Travel on 12 September 2009 in a 4-0 defeat.
International career.
An was also on the Chinese youth squad that played during the 2001 World Youth Cup and was the starting goalkeeper for the team. He was also included in the Chinese national squad that played during the 2002 FIFA World Cup. His poor performance saw him fall out of favor with the national team.
Honours.
Dalian Shide
Off-the-field controversies.
On August 14, 2005 An Qi was arrested in suspicion of rape after a night out drinking with his teammates. A woman accused him of rape at his hotel after the police responded to an alarm. After several hours of questioning the police released An Qi after there was a lack of evidence.

</doc>
<doc id="5961856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961856" title="1999 FIFA World Youth Championship">
1999 FIFA World Youth Championship

The 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship took place in Nigeria between April 3 and April 24, 1999. The 1999 championship was the 12th contested.
Qualification.
The following 24 teams qualified for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Tournament.
The 24 teams were split into six groups of four teams. Six group winners, six second-place finishers and the four best third-place finishers qualify for the knockout round.

</doc>
<doc id="5961857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961857" title="Air ram">
Air ram

The air ram is a pneumatic device that catapults a stunt performer through the air. To simulate the effects of an explosion the performer steps on a large "pedal" and using hydraulics and compressed air the "pedal" is released sending the performer hurtling through the air. The distance and height the performer attains is dependent upon the air pressure set.
There are many different design types but all air rams have a few design elements in common - they use hydraulics, compressed air and a surface area that the performer steps on—that is raised using the compressed air and hydraulics—to catapult the person forward.
At the 1995 (65th) Academy Awards Scientific and Technical Awards presentation, stunt performer Joe Finnegan (a.k.a. Joe Yrigoyen) was the recipient of a Technical Achievement Award for "his pioneering work in developing the Air Ram for motion picture stunt effects."

</doc>
<doc id="5961858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961858" title="Dietmar Bruck">
Dietmar Bruck

Dietmar Bruck (born 19 April 1944) is a former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a full back for Coventry City, where he spent the majority of his career, Charlton Athletic and Northampton Town.
Football career.
Bruck began his football career as an apprentice with Coventry City, and made his league debut at home to Swindon Town on 28 April 1961, aged just 17 years 9 days. He became the first substitute used by Coventry City when he replaced Ron Farmer in a 3–3 draw against Manchester City on 4 September 1965. He was part of the Coventry team that won the Second Division title in 1967, and played 189 league games for the club.
He moved to Charlton Athletic in October 1970 for a fee of £15,000, and two years later joined Northampton Town.
After leaving Northampton he was part of the Nuneaton Borough team that reached the first round proper of the 1974–75 FA Cup before moving to Weymouth as player-manager. He was sacked from his post at Weymouth in January 1977, subsequently managed Redditch United, and in the 1985–86 season had a week as caretaker manager of Leamington.
Personal life.
Bruck was born in Danzig, then in Germany, and came to England as a child. He was raised in Coventry and attended Bishop Ullathorne RC School. After his football career came to an end, he worked as a financial consultant for an insurance company, and after retirement worked as a "community champion" with Tesco in Coventry. He was married to Maureen until her death, and in 2003 survived a car crash in which his partner, Sue, was killed.

</doc>
<doc id="5961896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961896" title="Igor Spasovkhodskiy">
Igor Spasovkhodskiy

Igor Igorevich Spasovkhodskiy () (born 1 August 1979 in Moscow) is a Russian triple jumper. He is best known for his bronze medal at the 2001 World Championships, which he took with a personal best jump of 17.44 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="5961929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961929" title="Ronneburg, Thuringia">
Ronneburg, Thuringia

Ronneburg is a town in the district of Greiz, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 7 km east of Gera.

</doc>
<doc id="5961945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961945" title="Squier Venus">
Squier Venus

The Squier Venus (commonly known as Fender Vista Venus) is a signature series guitar released in 1997 and co-designed by Courtney Love in conjunction with Fender's Squier brand, under the Vista series. At the time of its release, Love and Bonnie Raitt were the only two female musicians to have their own signature series of guitars.
Its shape was based on Mercury, Stratocaster and Rickenbacker solidbody guitars. It was released in two configurations, six or twelve string (the "Venus XII"). Colors available included black, sunburst and surf green. Surf green was named after paint code #57 (surf green) from Chevrolet circa 1957. Upon its original release, the Venus retailed for USD $699.99 and the Venus XII for $999.99. It was discontinued at the end of 1998.
Product dating.
The Venus has a one-letter, six-digit serial number printed on the neck of the guitar. Serial numbers beginning with the letter V were manufactured in 1997. Serial numbers beginning with the letter A were manufactured between 1997 and 1998. 

</doc>
<doc id="5961947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961947" title="Sanskritism">
Sanskritism

Sanskritism is a term used to indicate words that are coined out of Sanskrit for modern usage in India, Sri Lanka and elsewhere or neologisms. These terms are similar in nature to taxon terms coined from Latin and Greek

</doc>
<doc id="5961948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961948" title="Northview">
Northview

Northview can refer to a location in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5961952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961952" title="Clan Charteris">
Clan Charteris

Clan Charteris is a Lowland Scottish clan.
History.
Origins of the Name.
The claimed origin of the name Charteris is that it is from the city of Chartres in France.
Origins of the Clan.
William, a son of the Lord Chartres, is said to have come over with the Norman conquest of England. William's son or grandson came to Scotland with the retinue of David I of Scotland. An early reference to the name is found in a charter of around 1174 to Kelso Abbey. In this charter the name appears written in Latin as "de Carnoto".
A charter dated 1266 gives evidence of four generations of Charterises: Robert de Carnoto, a knight who is said to be the son of Thomas, who was the son of another Thomas, who was the son of Walther. In 1280 Sir Thomas de Charteris was appointed Lord Chancellor of Scotland by Alexander III of Scotland. 
Wars of Scottish Independence.
In 1296 Andrew de Charteris rendered homage to Edward I of England and appears on the Ragman Rolls. However he soon took up the fight for Scottish independence and as a result his estates were forfeited to John Balliol who was the English-sponsored King of Scotland. Andrew's son, William Charteris, was a supporter of Robert the Bruce and was with Bruce when Comyn was killed at Dumfries in 1306. Sir Thomas Charteris was a faithful supporter of the Scottish Crown and was appointed ambassador to England. He was appointed as Lord High Chancellor of Scotland in 1342 by David II of Scotland and was killed at the Battle of Durham in 1346. 
16th century & clan conflicts.
In 1526 a feud arose with the Clan Kirkpatrick (Kilpatrick). It is recorded in Pitcairn's "Criminal Trials of Scotland" that John Charteris of Amisfield, along with his brother and two sons, were charged with the murder of Roger Kilpatrick, son of Alexander Kilpatrick in March 1526. 
In 1530 a more notable dispute took place, when Sir Robert Charteris, the eight Laird, fought a duel with Sir James Douglas of Drumlanrig, which has been described as one of the last great chivalric contests. The king himself watched the duel which was fought with such fury that Charteris's sword was broken and the king had to send his men to part the combatants.
Another branch of the clan were the Charterises of Kinfauns who disputed the chiefship with their cousins of Dumfriesshire. The Charterises of Kinfauns are said to have received their lands as a reward for supporting Robert the Bruce against the English. However they came into a feud with the Clan Ruthven who often disputed the authority of the Charterises. The Ruthvens held considerable sway over Perth from their Huntingtower Castle. In 1544 Patrick, Lord Ruthven was elected as Provost of Perth but at the intervention of Cardinal Beaton, Ruthven was deprived of the office and Charteris of Kinfauns was appointed instead. The city refused to acknowledge Charteris and barred the gates against him. Charteris along with Lord Gray and the Clan Leslie then attacked the town, however they were repulsed by the Ruthvens who were assisted by the Moncreiffs. As a result Ruthven remained Provost of Perth until 1584 when William Ruthven, Earl of Gowrie was executed. John Charteris had been killed by the earl's heir on Edinburgh High Street in 1552. 
17th century & civil war.
Sir John Charteris of Amsfield was appointed one of the Commissioners of Parliament to confirm the Treaty of Ripon in 1641. John supported the National Covenant but did not rise against the king. As a result he was imprisoned in Edinburgh in 1643 but was released in March 1645. He afterwards joined the forces of James Graham, 1st Marquis of Montrose and was with the royal forces when they were surprised at the Battle of Philiphaugh in September 1645. John's brother, Captain Alexander Charteris was one of Montrose's staff and was with him on his ill-fated campaign in Caithness in 1650. Alexander Charteris was captured with Montrose and was executed by "the Maiden" in Edinburgh on 21 June 1650. The family estates then passed through an heiress to Thomas Hogg, who later assumed the name of Charteris.
18th and 19th centuries.
Colonel Francis Charteris who was the male representative of the family, bought lands near Haddington, which he renamed Amsfield to recall his ancestor's family seat in Nithsdale. He left an only daughter, Janet, who married the Earl of Wemyss. Their second son was Francis Wemyss who later assumed the name Charteris. The Charteris estates near Haddington have since been sold, although Gosford House is still the seat of the Earl of Wemyss and March, chief of the name and arms of Charteris.
Chief.
Clan Chief: The 13th Earl of Wemyss and the 9th Earl of March, who is also Viscount of Peebles, Lord Wemyss of Elcho, Lord Elcho and Methel, Lord Douglas of Neidpath, Lyne and Munard, Baron Wemyss, Baron Douglas of Amesbury

</doc>
<doc id="5961955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961955" title="Kilmarnock RFC">
Kilmarnock RFC

Kilmarnock Rugby Football Club, nicknamed Killie, is a Scottish rugby union club which was founded in 1868, and is based in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire in west central Scotland. They play in RBS NATIONAL 1. Their ground is at Bellsland in Kilmarnock, and they were formerly based at Rugby Park (hence its name).
One of the oldest rugby clubs in Scotland, Kilmarnock Football Club owes its existence to KRFC as an internal dispute about which football rules to adopt resulted in a breakaway in early 1869 by those who preferred to play Association Football.
History.
KRFC’s long history has been one of varied success and interesting stories.
When the Scottish National Leagues were introduced in 1973, Killie were, much to their annoyance, placed in the 3rd Division by the Scottish Rugby Union. This was promptly won that season without loss. The following season saw Killie being runners up in Division 2, gaining promotion to the top league. They remained there until 1981 after which a period of promotion and relegation between the 1st and 2nd Divisions was the norm.
In 1978, Killie achieved their highest league position by finishing 3rd in Division 1. In 1986, Killie were the only team to beat the mighty Hawick as they swept all aside to win yet another Championship.
Since the change in league structure to embrace professionalism, Killie have struggled to hold onto their better players and now languish in Division 2 of the BT National Leagues, effectively the old Division 5.
An interesting tale surrounds the first recorded use of air travel by a club when some players chartered a plane to fly to Jedburgh to fulfil a fixture some 50 years ago. It is also likely that Killie took part in the first floodlit rugby match at Rugby Park, now the home of Kilmarnock FC.
There is also a school of thought that South African team Transvaal, now the Golden Lions Super Rugby team, adopted the famous Kilmarnock strip of white top with red hoop as a Kilmarnock member, Alex Frew, captained them when they beat The British Isles touring team in 1903. Frew was also a Scottish Internationalist whilst at Edinburgh University.
Kilmarnock had a reputation in the 1960s & 70s of producing top class seven-a-side teams who won many tournaments in west central Scotland. This form was sadly never taken into the Border's Sevens Circuit in the 1970s & 1980s when Killie were a regular feature in all the most prestigious events.
More recent Kilmarnock 1st XV won promotion to RBS NATIONAL 1 for the first time in 20 years after a tough season in 2010/11.
Kilmarnock 2nd XV also known as "the Penguins" have not lost a home game at Bellsland in 5 seasons.They won the league title 2011/12 having only lost one game away from home. This promotes them into National 2, the second highest level available for 2nd XV teams in Scotland.
Kilmarnock 3rd XV more commonly known as the Killie Polar Bears have won 3 consecutive league titles 2008/09, 2009/10 and 2010/11. They have been promoted to the RBS RESERVE LEAGUE WEST POD B making them the only 3rd XV in the division. Players from the Polar Bears age between 16 and 60 making it a great mix of age and fitness levels. Many of the younger players move on from the Polar Bears to the 2nd XV then the 1st XV.
At the end of the 2008/2009 season the Polar Bears had an end of season tour to Stornoway where a closely contested game was played only for the Polar Bears to get beaten by a last minute drop goal, all of the Kilmarnock players at the time were a bit under the weather after a heavy night of drinking before hand. 
The Polar Bears have an annual end of season gathering known as the Hibernation Party, which takes place on the day of the Kilmarnock U18 7's tournament in May. All Polar Bears are expected to dress for the summer, the more ridiculous the better.
Notable players.
Kilmarnock players to have been capped for whilst at the club include hooker Andrew Ross and Bill Cuthbertson. Andrew toured with the British Lions in 1924 to South Africa while Bill was part of the 1984 Grand Slam winning team. Bill also played for Barbarian F.C. while at Killie. Other players of note to have played for Killie include; 
David Gibson, John Stewart and his brother Andrew Stewart all played for Scottish Colleges and Universities. Andrew Stewart was also captain of the Scottish under 18 Team; Andrew, who is now resident in New Zealand, and a Professor of Sports Science, has also been involved with the fitness regime of the All Blacks.
'Killie' also have numerous amount of younger aged teams who play in different leagues and will hopefully bring success to the club one day

</doc>
<doc id="5961957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961957" title="Steve Dietrich">
Steve Dietrich

Steve "Chugger" Dietrich (b. February 18, 1970 in Kitchener, Ontario) is the General Manager of the Buffalo Bandits of the National Lacrosse League. Dietrich is also a NLL Hall of Fame goaltender who has played with the Calgary Roughnecks, Buffalo Bandits, Rochester Knighthawks, Detroit Turbos, Baltimore Thunder, and Toronto Rock.
Professional career.
Dietrich played six seasons with each of the Bandits and Knighthawks. He led the Bandits to the NLL Championship game twice, in 2003 and 2006, and also won the Championship with the Knighthawks in 1997, when he was named Championship game MVP. He was named NLL Goaltender of the Year in both 2005 and 2006, and was the first goaltender to be named NLL MVP in 2006.
On November 22, 2010, Dietrich announced his retirement as a player in the NLL to become the Toronto Rock's goaltending coach.
In July 2012, Dietrich was announced as the new General Manager of the Buffalo Bandits, after Darris Kilgour was relieved of that title earlier in the month.
On July 30th, 2012, Dietrich was elected in the NLL Hall of Fame. Dietrich was the leading vote-getter, appearing on 79% of all ballots cast. The induction ceremony was held on October 2nd, 2012.
Statistics.
NLL.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="5961971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961971" title="Vladimir Kuzin">
Vladimir Kuzin

Vladimir Semyonovich Kuzin (; July 15, 1930 – October 5, 2007) was a former Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the 1950s, training at Dynamo in Leningrad. Born in Lampozhnya, Arkhangelsk Oblast, he earned a gold medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo. He also finished 5th in the 30 km event in those same Olympics.
Kuzin's best successes were at the 1954 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Falun, where he earned two golds (30 km, 50 km).
In 1957 he was awarded Order of Lenin. He defended a dissertation for the Candidate of Biological Science degree.

</doc>
<doc id="5961972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961972" title="Grand Rapids Township, Wood County, Ohio">
Grand Rapids Township, Wood County, Ohio

Grand Rapids Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,607 people in the township, 642 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography.
Located in the northwestern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
The village of Grand Rapids is located in northwestern Grand Rapids Township.
Name and history.
It is the only Grand Rapids Township statewide.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The Grand Rapids Township Hall is located at the Grand Rapids Township Fire Department in Grand Rapids on Front Street, halfway between West Street and Beaver Street.

</doc>
<doc id="5961976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5961976" title="Subic Bay Freeport Zone">
Subic Bay Freeport Zone

Subic Bay Freeport Zone (SBFZ), which is known simply as Subic Bay, is the Philippines' first successful case of a military base converted through volunteerism into a tax- and duty-free zone similar to Hong Kong and Singapore, operated and managed by the Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority or SBMA. It covers the fenced area of the former U.S. Naval Base Subic Bay located in the southwest of Luzon Island in the Philippines and surrounded by the municipalities of Subic and Olongapo City in Zambales and Hermosa and Morong in Bataan, in concurrence of these municipalities' Sangguniang Bayan, pursuant to Section 12 of RA 7227. The harbor faces the Zambales Mountain Range to the west and the Subic Bay opening to the South China Sea. It is northwest of the Bataan Peninsula and southwest of Zambales Province. 
SBFZ is 110 kilometers north of Manila. Manila Bay and the Bataan Peninsula separate SBFZ from Manila. The mountain ranges around the Subic Bay area and the deep natural harbor provide excellent and protected anchorage. In addition, these features make SBFZ naturally sheltered from typhoons as well as from the effects of an eruption of nearby Mt. Pinatubo.
Subic Bay Freeport Zone is in Region III (or Central Luzon Region) of the Philippines. It is one of the points in the growth triangle (and an engine for economic development) in the region. SBFZ is a supplier of services and products for the Central Luzon Development Program, a regional growth area composed of the provinces of Bulacan, Nueva Ecija, Tarlac, Pampanga, Bataan, and Zambales.
History.
Subic Bay is surrounded by the town of Subic and Olongapo City, both in the province of Zambales. Development of Olongapo City was largely tied to the presence of the United States Navy base at Subic Bay, once the largest U.S. military naval base in Asia. An arsenal and ship-repair facility was established at Subic Bay in 1885 by the then colonial power, Spain. Following the Spanish-American war, Subic Bay became a U.S. Navy and Marine base, and grew to be a major facility. Until 1991, it was the base of the United States 7th Fleet.
In early 1991, after the collapse of protracted negotiations, the Philippine Senate rejected terms for renewal of the lease of the base. The US Navy was already in the process of downsizing its Subic operations in June 1991, when Mount Pinatubo erupted. One of the largest volcanic eruptions in the last 100 years, it covered the Navy Base in volcanic ash and collapsed a significant number of structures. The last ship, USS "Belleau Wood", left on November 24, 1992.
Post-Cold War.
Subic Bay was converted into a commercial zone largely through the efforts of some 8,000 residents of nearby Olongapo City, under the leadership of their mayor, Richard Gordon, who volunteered to protect and preserve 8 billion dollars worth of facilities and property from looting and destruction. Subic has since been transformed and became a model for bases conversion into commercial use after the Cold War with blue chip companies like Coastal Petroleum, and Fed Ex pumping in over $3 billion of investments creating 70,000 jobs in the free port's first four years. It was host to the 4th APEC Leaders' Summit on November 24, 1996 and . FedEx's Asia-Pacific hub, Asia-One, was also located in Subic Bay for almost ten years.
In addition to commercial use, Subic Bay is also a popular destination for weekend visitors from Metro Manila. Attractions include several beaches, an underwater aquarium, jungle survival tours, racing and duty-free shopping centers.
In 2013 Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin said that the Philippines intended to move military forces to the base in response to the territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The United States Navy is also seeking access on a rotational basis for ships and marines, and is already conducting maritime patrol aircraft patrols from bases in the Philippines.
Subic Bay Today.
Subic Bay, the Philippines' first free port ("see, Port of Subic"), continues to be one of the country's major economic engines with more than 700 investment projects, including the 4th largest shipbuilding facility in the world (Hanjin Heavy Industries and Construction (HHIC)). Currently upgrading its port facilities through the Subic Bay Port Development Project and forging ties with the Clark Special Economic Zone in Angeles City, Pampanga to form the Subic-Clark Corridor via the 45-kilometer Subic-Clark-Tarlac Expressway, these once bastions of western military might are now being positioned to become the most competitive international service and logistics center in Southeast Asia.
As a destination, Subic Bay has maintained its allure that once charmed US servicemen and their families. Its community continues to preserve and protect the bay, its surrounding forests and its flora and fauna. Interesting sights to see are its resident eco-tourism theme parks, the Ocean Adventure, the country's only open-sea marine park, Zoobic Safari, and the Pamulaklakin Nature Park which is home to the indigenous Aetas who once trained the U.S. Navy in jungle survival tactics.

</doc>
<doc id="5962019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5962019" title="When Tomorrow Comes">
When Tomorrow Comes

"When Tomorrow Comes" is a song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox, David A. Stewart and guest keyboardist Pat Seymour. With this single and its parent album "Revenge", Lennox and Stewart continued with the rock and R&B sound from their previous album "Be Yourself Tonight".
Released as the lead single from the new album, "When Tomorrow Comes" was a surprisingly modest hit in the UK, only reaching the Top 30. It proved to be a much bigger success in Australia and Scandinavia, where it reached the Top 10. "When Tomorrow Comes" was not released as a single in the United States.
Official Versions.
1.) LP Version (4:32) 2. Extended Version (6:41)
Cover versions.
"When Tomorrow Comes" was covered by the Swedish singer/songwriter Anna Ternheim in 2005.

</doc>
