<doc id="5984559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984559" title="Glossary of Italian music">
Glossary of Italian music

"This is an article on the terminology used to describe the music of Italy. There is also an article on Italian musical terms used in English."
Italian music terminology consists of words and phrases used in the discussion of the music of Italy. Some Italian music terms are derived from the common Italian language. Others come from Spanish, or Neapolitan, Sicilian, Sardinian or other regional languages of Italy. The terms listed here describe a genre, song form, dance, instrument, style, quality of music, technique or other important aspect of Italian music.

</doc>
<doc id="5984572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984572" title="Out of Order (Nuclear Assault album)">
Out of Order (Nuclear Assault album)

Out of Order is an album released by Nuclear Assault in 1991. This was the last Nuclear Assault studio album (until Third World Genocide) to feature Danny Lilker.
"Ballroom Blitz" is a Sweet cover.

</doc>
<doc id="5984573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984573" title="Roland Matthes">
Roland Matthes

Roland Matthes (born 17 November 1950) is a retired German swimmer and the most successful backstroke swimmer of all times. Between April 1967 and August 1974 he won all backstroke competitions he entered. He won four European championships and three world championships in a row, and swam 19 world and 21 European records in various backstroke, butterfly, freestyle and medley events. He was trained by Marlies Grohe.
As an Olympian in 1968, 1972 and 1976 he won a total of eight medals (four gold, two silver and two bronze): In 1968 and 1972 he won gold in both the 100 m and 200 m backstroke, while in 1976 he was third in the 100 m backstroke. In addition to these individual events, he won the 4×100 m team medley silver in 1968 and 1972, and a bronze medal for the 4×100 m freestyle relay.
In 1973 in Belgrade he became the first world champion holding the titles in both the 100 m and 200 m backstroke. Additionally he won silver in the 4×100 m medley and bronze in the 4×100 m freestyle relay. Two years later in 1975 he defended his world title in the 100 m backstroke.
At the European championships in 1970 in Barcelona and 1974 in Vienna he won all four titles for the 100 and 200 m backstroke. Additionally, in Barcelona he won the individual silver for the 100 m freestyle, gold with the 4×100 m medley team, and bronze with both the 4×100 and 4×200 m freestyle teams. In Vienna, he also won the individual silver for 100 m butterfly, and bronze with the 4×100 m freestyle team.
He was selected East German Sportspersonality of the Year seven times, in 1967–1971, 1973 and 1975. In 1981 he was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
From 1970 to 1977 he studied sport sciences at DHfK in Lepizig and from 1978 to 1984 he studied medicine at the University of Jena. After graduating he worked as orthopedic surgeon. He retired from swimming in 1976, and in May 1978 married Kornelia Ender, a fellow East German Olympic swimmer. They divorced in 1982. 
The issue of doping in East Germany brought into questioning most achievements of East German athletes. However, Matthes denied any involvement in doping, clarifying that his swimming club was too small to be part of the government system. 

</doc>
<doc id="5984577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984577" title="Pat Neshek">
Pat Neshek

Patrick J. Neshek (born September 4, 1980) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball (MLB). The Minnesota Twins selected him in the sixth round of the 2002 MLB draft from Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana. Neshek made his MLB debut for the Twins on July 7, 2006, and played for them until 2010, except 2009, which he missed due to Tommy John surgery. Neshek has also played for the San Diego Padres and Oakland Athletics in eight total MLB seasons. He is signed with the Cardinals through the 2014 season. 
Probably best known for an unorthodox pitching delivery, Neshek's arm motion slots about side-armed with an explosive release point, which developed after a baseball struck his forearm in high school. Right-handed batters have difficulty tracking the path of his pitches, resulting in a .181 batting average, .257 on-base percentage and a .315 slugging percentage against Neshek in 555 career plate appearances through 2013. He was selected to his first All-Star Game in 2014.
Early career.
At Park Center Senior High School in Minnesota, he was named to the All-State team. At Butler University, he was a three-year letter winner and holds school records for strikeouts (SO) in a single game (18 vs. Detroit, April 15, 2001), strikeouts in a single season (118, 2001) and career strikeouts (280).
The Minnesota Twins originally selected Neshek in the 45th round (1337th overall) of the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft, but did not sign and went on to Butler. The Twins again later drafted him in the sixth round of the 2002 MLB Draft as the 182nd overall pick. He signed with the Twins that year, and was assigned to the Twins' rookie farm team. He then spent four years in the minor leagues, pitching innings (IP) in 206 games with 367 SO, a 16–12 won–loss record (W–L) and an earned run average (ERA) of 2.18. During the 2005 season, he led all minor league Twins players in saves. 
Major League career (2006–present).
Minnesota Twins (2006–10).
Pat Neshek made his MLB debut on July 7, 2006, pitched two innings and allowed just one hit. On July 30, he earned his first major league career win against the Detroit Tigers after pitching one-third of an inning. Neshek appeared in 32 games in his rookie year, accumulating 37 IP, a 4–2 W–L, allowing six home runs (HR), but just 23 H and 53 SO. Those rates were 5.6 hits per nine innings allowed (H/9) and 12.5 strikeouts per 9 innings pitched (K/9). 
He began the 2007 season 2–0 and with a 2.25 ERA. In May, he gave up only six hits in innings pitched, had eighteen strikeouts and posted a very impressive 0.66 ERA. On July 1, 2007, he was chosen as one of five candidates for the final online fan vote for the All-Star game along with Jeremy Bonderman, Kelvim Escobar, Roy Halladay and Hideki Okajima. The spot went to Okajima despite a campaign by Twin fans and national sports blogs to "Pitch in for Pat". Neshek finished third in voting.
Neshek suffered his first loss of the season against the New York Yankees on July 5, but then won three games in fourteen days improving his record to 6–1. He posted a 3.97 ERA during the month of July, losing his second game but winning his seventh game and bringing his season record to 7–2 but with a 5.06 ERA for the month. On September 20, the Twins shut him down for the season because of shoulder/elbow fatigue. Neshek ended the season at 7–2, appearing in 74 games and pitching a total of innings with a 2.94 ERA. He was honored at the annual Twins' diamond ceremony with the 2007 Dick Siebert Award.
In his first three appearances of 2008, Neshek allowed only one hit in innings pitched with no earned runs, but then allowed seven earned runs in his next 10 innings. In May, he was placed on the 60-day disabled list with a tear of the ulnar collateral ligament (UCL) and missed the rest of the season. On November 11, , it was announced that he would undergo ligament replacement surgery (more commonly known as Tommy John surgery) and miss the entire season. He underwent surgery one week later on November 18.
He recovered to make the Twins' 2010 roster out of spring training. In innings pitched, he had a 4.15 ERA with two runs and two hits allowed. But he was put on the disabled list on April 15 soon after the start of the regular season due to middle finger inflammation. But when he was re-examined, MRI revealed that the injury was not in fact in the middle finger but in the palm of his right hand. He angrily wrote about this not only on his website but also on Facebook, where he said he's "not happy with anything that has gone on, especially when it could have been taken care of three weeks ago and I was told the wrong info." 
This raised Twin manager Ron Gardenhire's anger in that his young pitcher had publicly criticized the Twins' organization and their medical staff, but the matter was eventually settled, Neshek claiming "Gardy and I are on the same page" and vowing that once healthy he would be willing to pitch wherever the Twins assign him, calling the whole thing "a miscommunication." finishing 2010 0–1 and 5.00 with nine strikeouts and eight walks in nine innings.
San Diego Padres (2011).
Neshek was acquired off waivers on March 20, 2011 by the San Diego Padres. He was designated for assignment on August 20 after recording a 4.01 ERA in 25 appearances for the Padres. At season's end, he became a free agent.
Baltimore Orioles organization (2012).
On January 30, 2012, he signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles and was invited to spring training, but ultimately did not make the opening day roster and spent the next several months at Triple-A Norfolk Tides. For the week of June 25–July 1, he was named the International League's Pitcher of the Week. He notched three saves and eight SO in IP, and had not surrendered a hit since May 29. In his time at Norfolk, he amassed 11 saves and a 2.66 ERA in 35 relief appearances, with 49 SO in 44 IP, and walked just seven while giving up only one home run.
Oakland Athletics (2012–13).
The Oakland Athletics traded for Neshek on August 3, 2012, for cash considerations, and immediately called him up from Triple-A Norfolk. To make room for Neshek on the roster along with same-day call-up right-handed pitcher Dan Straily, the A's optioned relievers Jim Miller and Evan Scribner to Triple-A Sacramento River Cats. 
On September 22, Neshek gave up the game-tying home run in the bottom of the 13th inning to New York Yankees slugger Raúl Ibañez. The A's had scored four runs in the top of the inning, leading to a galling 10–9 loss the next inning. However, the A's defeated the Yankees the next day and went 9–2 to end the season, edging the Texas Rangers out of the American League West championship by one game, including sweeping the final three-game series in Oakland. In 24 games with the A's, Neshek tallied IP, yielding 10 hits and six walks, with 16 SO and a 1.37 ERA. He relied heavily on the slider, throwing it 83.5 percent of all pitches.
On November 30, 2012, Neshek avoided arbitration by agreeing to a one-year deal with the A's. He started the season well, posted a 2.34 ERA in his first 38 appearances into August, with 30 of them being scoreless. However, he gave up three runs apiece in two different appearances. Neshek attributed his early success to throwing almost exclusively sliders to right-handed hitters. Of all his pitches, he threw the slider 73 percent of the time in 2013.
The A's designated Neshek for assignment on August 26. For the season, he finished with a 3.35 ERA in IP. He elected free agency November 5. Through the end of 2013, Neshek had faced 555 right-handed batters in his MLB career, holding them to a .181 batting average, .257 OBP and .315 SLG. In 326 PA, opposite-handed hitters, had more success with a .237 AVG, .328 OBP and .432 SLG. 
St. Louis Cardinals (2014–present).
Neshek signed a minor league deal with the St. Louis Cardinals on February 6, 2014, with an invitation to spring training. After the mixed performances of the previous two seasons and less-than-satisfying offers from other teams, he worked during the offseason specifically to target an increase in fastball velocity. This followed after the New York Mets commented to him they wanted to see increased velocity. It gradually surged, showing up to , up from a consistent from the year before. The Cardinals purchased Neshek's contract on March 30, thereby awarding him a spot on the 25-man MLB roster. 
Neshek was credited with his first win with the Cardinals when he pitched two scoreless innings against the Arizona Diamondbacks on May 22. He picked up his first career MLB save on June 4 against the Kansas City Royals. During a 22-game span, he yielded no runs, covering innings. Through June 9, he carried a 0.99 ERA and 0.62 WHIP, which led all National League relievers. After working to target an increase his fastball velocity, his fastball average for the season as of June 30 was , the highest of his career. He also varied his mix of pitches more, throwing sliders for 38 percent of his total pitches. Neshek made his All-Star Game following a first half with a 0.77 ERA in 35 games, two saves and a 2–0 W–L record. Further, the game was held at Target Field in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the home field of the Twins, with whom Neshek began his MLB career.
Pitching style.
Neshek has a very unorthodox style of delivery that could best be described as throwing side-arm. He developed it after being struck in the forearm with a ball in high school by C. J. Woodrow (a former Philadelphia Phillies farmhand). He then began to throw side arm and play shortstop due to his injury. When it healed, he could not change back to over the shoulder and his unique delivery stayed the way it is. He still has a lump in his forearm where he was struck.
The delivery has earned mention on "SportsCenter" as well as "Baseball Tonight". Professional baseball scouts have had a divided opinion on the issue. Some were worried that this violent-looking delivery would lead to arm problems. Others considered the delivery to be an asset, as right-handed batters have a very difficult time seeing the ball. For example, Jose Marzan, his former manager with the Single-A Fort Myers Miracle believes that one of Neshek's greatest strengths is his ability to have enough strength to throw hard from such an angle, as his fastball used to top out around prior to his Tommy John surgery. Neshek has had great success in both the minor and major leagues as a reliever, averaging more than a strikeout per inning pitched.
After joining the Cardinals in 2014, Neshek's sinking fastball showed effectiveness well-above expectations through May 21. With a mean movement of 10.9 inches, it averaged more horizontal movement than any other pitch from any other reliever on the Cardinals staff, which was 1.3 inches more than Carlos Martínez' two-seam fastball. Martínez' own fastball has been heralded for its movement. Neshek's sinking fastball also averaged over during that time, its highest velocity since 2007. 
Personal life.
Neshek has created his own website, which he runs entirely on his own. It is for his fans to interact and talk about collecting autographs. He has been known to auction off some of his game-used items in exchange for memorabilia. The site has over 7000 members. Neshek himself is also an avid autograph collector.
Neshek is also a fan of the baseball sim Out of the Park Baseball, commenting in a tweet on August 12, 2012: "Spent the day off yesterday playing OOTP13 Baseball for most of the day. Talk about addicting."
Neshek is married to Stephanee Neshek. Their first son, Gehrig John, was born on October 2, 2012, the day the A's won the AL West division title. However, he lived only 23 hours. The cause of the infant's death has not been made public. The autopsy of the baby did not provide sufficient clarity about the cause of death, and there are now lawsuits pending. Their second son, Hoyt Robert Neshek, was born on March 13, 2014. The Nesheks received a scare because Hoyt was born 11 days early with pneumonia and an air pocket outside his lungs. After remaining in intensive care for 10 days, he was released and his condition has improved to, and remained at, full health.

</doc>
<doc id="5984593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984593" title="Kool &amp; Deadly">
Kool &amp; Deadly

Kool & Deadly (Justicizms) is the second album by old school/hardcore rapper Just-Ice, it was released in 1987, and was produced by KRS-One and Just-Ice. In 1998, the album was selected as one of "The Source" magazine's 100 Best Rap Albums. The song "Moshitup" was the origin of the hip hop meme "Suicide, it's a suicide".

</doc>
<doc id="5984596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984596" title="Tillamook Rock Light">
Tillamook Rock Light

Tillamook Rock Light is a deactivated lighthouse on the Oregon Coast of the United States. It is located approximately offshore from Tillamook Head, and south of the Columbia River, situated on less than acre of basalt rock in the Pacific Ocean. The construction of the lighthouse was commissioned in 1878 by the United States Congress, and began in 1880. The construction took more than 500 days to finish, with its completion in January 1881. In early January 1881, when the lighthouse was near completion, the barque "Lupatia" was wrecked near the rock during inclement weather and sank, killing all 16 crew members. 
The Light was officially lit on January 21, 1881. At the time, it was the most expensive West Coast lighthouse ever built. Due to the erratic weather conditions, and the dangerous commute for both keepers and suppliers, the lighthouse was nicknamed "Terrible Tilly". Over the years, storms have damaged the lighthouse, shattered the lens, and eroded the rock. It was decommissioned in 1957, and has since been sold to private owners. It is now an unofficial columbarium, and is privately owned. The light is listed in the National Register of Historic Places, and is part of the Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge. It is visible from the coastal cities of Seaside, Cannon Beach, as well as from Ecola State Park.
Construction.
In 1878, the United States Congress appropriated $50,000 for a lighthouse to be built on Tillamook Head; however, after a survey was conducted, it was determined that due to the height of the Head (1000 feet), the light would be obstructed by fog, and the Tillamook rock was selected as the alternative site for the construction. A survey of the rock was ordered in 1879, which was headed by H. S. Wheeler and his cutter "Thomas Corwin". Wheeler's initial assessment determined that access to the rock was severely limited, if not impossible, but was ordered to continue. During his second assessment, he was able to land on the rock, but was unable to move his survey equipment without the use of a tape line. He then relayed that the rock would need considerable blasting to create a level area in order lay down a foundation for the lighthouse, and that more money was going to be needed to complete the project.
In September 1879, a third survey was ordered, this time headed by John Trewavas, whose experience included the Wolf Rock lighthouse in England. Trewavas was overtaken by large swells and was swept into the sea while attempting a landing, and his body was never recovered. His replacement, Charles A. Ballantyne, had a difficult assignment recruiting workers due to the widespread negative reaction to Trewavas' death, and a general desire by the public to end the project. Ballantyne was eventually able to secure a group of quarrymen who knew nothing of the tragedy, and was able to resume work on the rock. Transportation to and from the rock involved the use of a derrick line attached with a breeches buoy, and in May 1880, they were able to completely blast the top of the rock to allow the construction of the lighthouse's foundation. 
The structure of lighthouse included an attached keeper's quarters and a tower that originally housed a first-order Fresnel lens, with an incandescent oil vapor lamp, above sea level. The light had a visibility range of , and was fixed with a steam foghorn. It is located on less than an acre of basalt in the Pacific Ocean, south of the Columbia River, approximately off Tillamook Head, and is the northern-most lighthouse along the Oregon coast. The construction lasted more than 500 days by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers under the leadership of George Lewis Gillespie, Jr.. The cost of $125,000, at the time, was the most expensive West Coast lighthouse ever built, later surpassed by the St. George Reef Light off the northern California coast.
The wreck of the "Lupatia".
In early January of 1881, when the lighthouse was near completion, the barque "Lupatia" was sailing in thick fog and high winds when the ship's Captain noticed that they were too close to shore. Wheeler, the official in charge of the lighthouse's construction, heard the voices of the panicked crew and immediately ordered his men to place lanterns in the tower, and light a bonfire to signal the ship that they were approximately 600 feet from the rock. The ship appeared to have been able to turn itself toward returning to sea, however quickly disappeared into the fog, and Wheeler was not able to hear the crew. The next day, the bodies of all 16 crew members were found washed up on shore of Tillamook Head. The only survivor of the wreck was the crew's dog.
Operational era.
The tower was first lit on January 21, 1881, and was assigned with four keepers. Duty at the Tillamook Light was considered difficult due to the isolation from civilization, and the severe weather conditions. The light was nicknamed "Terrible Tilly" (or Tillie), for the stormy conditions of its location. Throughout its history, the area was hit by large, violent storms that damaged the lighthouse with large waves, winds, and debris, and on several occasions, the tower was flooded, after the lantern room windows were broken by large debris. The lighthouse had four head keepers during its first two years and in 1897, a telephone line was installed, though a storm cut it shortly afterwards. During a storm in 1912, 100 tons of rock were reportedly shorn off the western end of the rock, and the windows were gradually cemented over, replaced by small portholes. 
On October 21, 1934, the original lens was destroyed by a large storm, that also leveled parts of the tower railing and greatly damaged the landing platform. Winds had reached 109 miles per hour, launching boulders and debris into the tower, damaging the lantern room and destroying the lens. The derrick and phone lines were destroyed as well. After the storm subsided, communication with the lighthouse was severed until keeper Henry Jenkins built a makeshift radio from the damaged foghorn and telephone to alert officials. Diesel engines were installed to provide electricity for the light and station. Repairs to the lighthouse cost $12,000 and was not fully completed until February 1935. The Fresnel lens was replaced by an aerobeacon, and a metal mesh placed around the lantern room to protect the tower from large boulders.
Post-operational era.
The lighthouse was shut down in 1957 and replaced with a whistle buoy, having become the most expensive U.S. lighthouse to operate. The last keeper was Oswald Allik, who would later become the last head keeper of Heceta Head Light. Within two years, the lighthouse was sold to group of investors from Nevada, who sold it in 1980 to a group of Realtors, who created the Eternity at Sea Columbarium, which opening in June of the year. After interring about 30 urns, the columbarium's license was revoked in 1999 by the Oregon Mortuary and Cemetery Board and was rejected upon reapplication in 2005.
Access to the site is severely limited, with a helicopter landing the only way to access the rock, and it is off-limits even to the owners during the seabird nesting season. The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 and is part of the Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="5984597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984597" title="Youssouf Hadji">
Youssouf Hadji

Youssouf Hadji (, born 25 February 1980 in Ifrane Atlas-Saghir) is a Moroccan footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for AS Nancy. He also Holds a French Passport . He is the younger brother of former Moroccan star Mustapha Hadji.
Career.
Hadji started his career at Nancy in Ligue 1 under the guidance of Laszlo Bölöni. Nancy were relegated to Ligue 2 in 2000, but Hadji remained loyal and played on for another three seasons.
In 2003, he decided to pack his bags and move to Corsica to play for SC Bastia in Ligue 1. After his old team were relegated at the end of his second season there, he reunited with Bölöni at Rennes. In Brittany, he wasn't a regular starter but contributed largely to their season with 3 goals and 3 assists.
On 10 January 2007, Hadji re-joined Nancy from Rennes for an estimated £1.2m.
On 31 August 2011, After 4 years at Nancy, Hadji returned to Rennes. After one season with the Ligue 1 team, Hadji signed a two-year contract with Qatari side Al-Arabi on 26 June 2012.
In May 2014, he came back to Nancy, making it the third stint with his debut team.
Personal.
Youssouf's older brother Mustapha was a Moroccan international footballer, having had a successful career in football, before ending his career in 2010. Mustapha previously played for well-known clubs such as Coventry City, Sporting and Deportivo La Coruña.

</doc>
<doc id="5984611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984611" title="Knives Don't Have Your Back">
Knives Don't Have Your Back

"Knives Don't Have Your Back" is the debut studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Emily Haines and the Soft Skeleton. It is not her own debut album, as she released under her own name in limited number of copies an earlier work in 1996, the "Cut in Half and Also Double" album, which was self-released. The album was released in September 2006 on Last Gang Records. It debuted at 28 in Canada and has sold 20,000 copies there. She has stated that Metric is still her first priority.
The album is a collection of piano-driven songs backed with soft strings and horns and is said to feature guest spots by Sparklehorse's Scott Minor, members of Stars, Broken Social Scene and Metric.
She is quoted as saying the following: "When I was a little kid…I would creep downstairs to the piano and write rudimentary songs about imaginary places. I'm told the first song I ever wrote was a love song to a cranberry tree. I always used the mute pedal. I hated the idea of anybody hearing me. Everywhere I've lived while working with Metric, I've written songs on the piano and played them for no one. On the advice of a friend, I decided I'd better start recording them before they were forgotten. Four meandering years later I ended up with this collection of songs featuring a few of my favorite people, a group I call The Soft Skeleton."
The album's art is based on that of "Escalator over the Hill", Haines' late father Paul Haines' album with Carla Bley.
The song "Doctor Blind" was rated #457 on Pitchfork Media's Top 500 Tracks of the 2000s. 

</doc>
<doc id="5984614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984614" title="George López">
George López

George T. López (23 April 1900 - 1993) was a renowned Santos Woodcarver who was awarded the National Heritage Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts in 1982. He was born in the small village of Cordova, New Mexico which is situated in a small valley of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains. The village was founded in the sixteenth century by some the earliest Spanish settlers to the region, and the town itself has an international reputation for its continuing tradition of religious wood carving. López's family was an important part of that tradition with George being the sixth-generation santero of the family.
López worked started working at camps, farms, and road crews at the age of fifteen to help support his family. After his father's death, he worked constructions jobs in Los Alamos, New Mexico. In 1952, quit his construction job and made carving his full-time profession.

</doc>
<doc id="5984617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984617" title="Velbastaður">
Velbastaður

Velbastaður is a village on the island of Streymoy in the Faroe Islands.
Velbastaður is on Streymoy’s west coast in the south of the island, about five kilometres from Kirkjubøur. It has a beautiful view across the strait Hestsfjørður towards the islands of Hestur and Koltur.
There has been a village here for many centuries, but it was deserted for some time after the Black Death in 1349.
A treatment centre for alcoholics called "Heilbrigdið" was founded in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="5984632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984632" title="San Pedro Pochutla">
San Pedro Pochutla

San Pedro Pochutla is a city and municipality located in the south of Oaxaca state, Mexico next to the Pacific Ocean.
It is an important commercial, transportation and administrative hub for the Pochutla District in the east of the Costa Region. Pochutla is located at the junction of coastal Highway 200 and Highway 175 to Oaxaca, with 175 functioning as the town’s main thoroughfare. Its name means "place of kapok trees (Ceiba pentandra)", and most of the city is built on a lakebed which was drained during the colonial period. The municipality is best known as being the home of the oceanside communities of Puerto Ángel and Zipolite.
History.
The Pochutla area was settled by Zapotec tribes from Amatlán, Miahuatlán and Cuatlan in the 8th century. The settlement now known as Pochutla was founded around the same time as nearby Loxicha, Cozoaltepec and others. The area was part of the dominion of Tututepec.
At the time of the Spanish conquest, the Spanish town of Pochutla was founded by Pedro Molina, Isidro Salinas, Julio Diaz and others, initially with the name of Huehuetan. The locals were converted to Christianity and the first church was founded just south of the modern town and called San Pedro Huehuetán Laguna. Much of the modern city is built on what was a lakebed. Because of illnesses such as malaria and yellow fever, this lake was drained. Later in the colonial period, the name was changed to Pochutla due to the number of kapok trees in the area.
According to tradition and archeological evidence located in the hills of Vigía, Espino and El Cometa, there were arms hidden here by pirates, who were called Pichilingües.
In 1833, Conservative rebels led by General Valentín Canalizo fled through here as they were pursued by government troops. Their last battle was at the nearby Soledad Ranch in which they were destroyed by federal forces, forcing the remaining soldiers to scatter.
Conservative rebels continued to be active in this region until the 1860s with José Eustaquio Manzano and Apolonio Manzano leading the rebel cause, reinvigorated due to the passage of the Reform Laws. In 1858 and 1859, federal forces were dispatched here to subdue the rebels who had taken to guerrilla warfare. The last battle between the Manzano brothers and federal troops took place in 1860, with the brothers captured and taken to the state capital in 1861.
The municipality has a petroleum reserve called Aragón, five km from the community of Puerto Angel. The deposit was going to be exploited by an English company, who brought over equipment in 1937, but expropriation of oil in 1938 by President Lázaro Cárdenas brought this to a halt. It has yet to be tapped.
Until late in the 20th century, much of the population of the area lived on subsistence farming, with the only work available during the harvest season on the coffee plantations. In the 1970, the state government expropriated most of the coastal land from Zipolite to Zapotengo and made it ejido or communal land with the aim of development.
During the 2006 teachers strike in the state of Oaxaca, groups supporting and opposing the strike clashed here on the main road, Highway 175. The highway was blocked by those supporting the strike to prevent those opposing it from realizing their “March for Education.” The highway was blocked with busses and cars preventing those bound for the state capital from leaving. 
Other recent strikes include those by taxi drivers and others in transportation who have blocked roads resulting in monetary losses for the municipality. The dispute centered on concessions for passenger transportation between Pochutla and beach communities such as Zipolite. Actions by strikers have included the blockage of roads including coastal Highway 200.
The city.
The city is the commercial, transportation and administrative center for the area. It contains banks, supermarkets and specialty stores that serve the coastal and isolated mountain communities of the Sierra Madre de Oaxaca which generally lack these things. The city is on the crossroads of Highway 175, which connects Oaxaca city with Puerto Angel and coastal Highway 200 that connects communities such as Puerto Angel, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Huatulco and Salina Cruz. It is a transportation hub filled with buses, taxis and dust. Taxis called “colectivos” (collectives) go to the area’s beaches as well as pickup trucks fitted to carry passengers. There are two bus stations with first and second class buses to Oaxaca city, Mexico City and Huatulco. 
It is not a tourist attraction but it serves tourists as a place for banking services and supplies not available in the beach communities as well as a transfer point for buses.
In the evening, the main road through town has a variety of street food. The parish church was begun in 1840 but was not finished until 1957. The municipal palace was built in 1873. The center, especially the main plaza and the municipal palace, has recently been renovated and a new amphitheatre has been built to host cultural and sporting events. The patron saint’s day is 29 June in which people celebrate with masks, and fireworks, some set in frames called “castles.”
Pochutla gained the title of city in March 2003.
It is the seat of the Pochutla District, and is also the head of the Parish of Pochutla which oversees 39 other communities.
The municipality.
As municipal seat, the city of San Pedro Pochutla is the governing authority over 238 other named communities, with a total area of 421km2. This municipality has a total population of 38,798 of with 12,117 live in the city proper. The most important communities other than the seat include Puerto Angel and Zipolite, both of which are oceanside communities. Zipolite is a popular tourist attraction and Puerto Angel was a coffee export port whose economy now is based on tourism and fishing. Other beaches include La Mina, where waves crash noisily against rocks and Zapotengo with has miles of coconut groves next to the sand. There is also a fresh water spring in San José Chacalapa. The municipality borders Candelaria Loxicha, Pluma Hidalgo, Santa María Huatulco, Cozoaltepec and Santo Domingo with the Pacific Ocean to the south.
The climate here is hot and humid due to its proximity to the ocean with a rainy season in the summer. Average temperatures vary between 30 and 38C. The south of the municipality is oceanfront and the north is formed by mountains of the Sierra Madre de Oaxaca. Various rivers pass through here on their way to the Pacific Ocean even more arroyos filling during the summer rainy season. Most of the rain falls in the mountains areas of the municipality rather than on the coast. Principal elevations include Vigia and Espino from which the main river flows. Despite the drainage of the principal lake, malaria is still a concern here. Vegetation is of the tropical and sub-tropical types and include a number of valuable tropical wood trees such as huanacastle, mahogany, cedar and Guaiacum coulteri, which are primarily used to make furniture. Common wildlife includes iguanas, deer, wild boar, armadillos, rabbits, raccoons and numerous birds native to the area. Coastal species include black coral, turtles sea bass, sharks and crabs, with bass, mojarra and shrimp found in the rivers.
The principal cultivated crop here is coffee, which provides most of the employment of the rural population. This is raised in the mountain areas. Second is the raising of coconuts and products based on it such as coconut oil. Another important crop is mangos. Other crops grown include corn, sesame seed, peanuts, limes, plums, bananas, watermelons and other melons. About 50% of the total population is dedicated to commerce, especially that related to tourism. About 22% is dedicated to mining, petroleum, and industry. 
A number of traditions are maintained, mostly in the rural areas. In rural communities, various dialects of the Zapotec language are still spoken. Crafts include figures carved from coconuts, in the regional penitentiary are made necklaces and figures from black coral, wood and other materials. Traditional dress until recently consisted of loose fitting white pants and shirts made of lightweight canvas but this has mostly given way to modern clothing especially in the city. However, older women can still be seen in canvas blouses, rebozos, sandals and wearing long braids. Local specialties include iguana tamales and venison in yellow or red mole. Traditional music includes songs called “sones” and chilenas. Local “sones” include titles such as El Perro, El Arriero, El Borracho, El Zopilote, El Toro and El Panadero. Dance garb for women includes long, wide skirts and blouses in various bright colors adorned with ribbons and with the blouses embroidered with flowers. Accessories include rebozos, sandals and palm-leaf hats. The men wear white pants and shirts with sandals and palm-leaf hats. Most of the dances have themes relating to flirting and falling in love. A dance called the “Kirio” is performed at weddings.
In Puerto Angel, the Universidad del Mar (University of the Sea) was founded in 1991 by Heladio Ramirez Lopez, governor of the state of Oaxaca. 

</doc>
<doc id="5984639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984639" title="List of awards and nominations received by Avril Lavigne">
List of awards and nominations received by Avril Lavigne

Avril Lavigne is a Canadian singer-songwriter whose professional music career began in 2002 with the release of her first studio album. Lavigne was offered a record deal in 2000 when she was 16 years old after being discovered by her first professional manager, Cliff Fabri, while singing at a Chapters bookstore in Kingston, Ontario. She traveled to New York, where she auditioned for the then-president of Arista Records, Antonio "L.A." Reid, who signed her on the spot. Lavigne's debut album, "Let Go", spawned four singles: "Complicated", "Sk8er Boi", "I'm with You", and "Losing Grip". The album was certified six-times Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America less than a year after its release; it also received a diamond certification from the Canadian Recording Industry Association and reached multi-platinum status in many other countries. The album and its singles earned Lavigne a total of eight Grammy Award nominations in 2003 and 2004, including Best New Artist. "I'm With You" and "Complicated" were both nominated for Song of the Year awards. As of 2013, "Let Go" has sold over 18 million copies worldwide.
Lavigne's second album, "Under My Skin", was released in 2004. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart in the United States and has subsequently sold over 10 million copies worldwide. It spawned four singles: "Don't Tell Me", "My Happy Ending", "Nobody's Home", and "He Wasn't". Her third album, "The Best Damn Thing", was released in 2007 and also debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. It produced her most successful single to date, "Girlfriend", which peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States and reached the top spot in eight other countries. The song sold over 7 million copies, more than any other song released in 2007. Its music video became the first on YouTube to reach 100 million views and became the most watched video of all time on the site in 2008. While not as commercially successful as her previous albums, Lavigne's fourth album, "Goodbye Lullaby" debuted in the top five on charts in over 15 countries, including the United States and Canada. It spawned three singles and has sold 2 million copies to date.
AG Canadian Hair Cosmetics Awards.
The AG Canadian Hair Cosmetics Awards recognize Canada's most notable celebrities for their unique, trendsetting hairstyles. The winners are chosen by the votes of over 600 Canadian hairstylists across the country.
ASCAP Film and Television Music Awards.
The ASCAP Film and Television Music Awards, first held in 1986, honor ASCAP lyricists, composers, and publishers of the most popular music performed on television and in films. Avril Lavigne has won twice.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual music awards show launched in 1973, by television personality Dick Clark to compete with the Grammy Awards. Avril Lavigne has been nominated thrice.
Brit Awards.
The Brit Awards are an annual awards ceremony presented by the British Phonographic Industry, related to popular music. Avril Lavigne has been nominated thrice.
Billboard Awards.
Billboard Music Awards.
The Billboard Music Awards are held annually by Billboard magazine. Finalists are determined by year-end chart performance rather than a vote. Avril Lavigne has been nominated once.
BMI Awards.
The BMI Awards are held annually by Broadcast Music, Inc. and recognize the writers and publishers of the year's 50 most performed pop songs from the BMI catalog. Avril Lavigne has been nominated six times and has won each time.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Lavigne has received eight nominations.
VEVOCertified Awards.
The VEVOCertified Awards is an rewarding the music videos that reached the mark of 100 million views on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="5984648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984648" title="The Children's Hour (film)">
The Children's Hour (film)

"The Children's Hour (released as The Loudest Whisper" in the United Kingdom) is a 1961 American drama film directed by William Wyler. The screenplay by John Michael Hayes is based on the 1934 play of the same title by Lillian Hellman. The film stars Audrey Hepburn, Shirley MacLaine, and James Garner.
Plot summary.
Former college classmates Martha Dobie (Shirley MacLaine) and Karen Wright (Audrey Hepburn) open a private school for girls in New England. Martha's Aunt Lily (Miriam Hopkins), an aging actress, lives with the two of them and teaches elocution. After two years of engagement to Joe Cardin (James Garner), a reputable obstetrician, Karen finally agrees to set a wedding date. Joe is related to wealthy Amelia Tilford (Fay Bainter), whose granddaughter Mary (Karen Balkin) is a student at the school. Mary is a spoiled, conniving child who often bullies her classmates, particularly Rosalie Wells (Veronica Cartwright), whom she blackmails when she discovers her stealing another student's bracelet.
When Mary is caught in a lie, Karen punishes her by refusing to let her attend the weekend's boat races. Furious, the young girl exacts her revenge by inventing a story about Martha and Karen being involved in a lesbian relationship, a tale based on fragments of a quarrel Mary's roommates accidentally overheard. She tells her grandmother she observed the two women kissing each other, and the woman immediately informs the other parents, who rapidly withdraw their daughters from the school, leaving Karen and Martha mystified about the sudden exodus. When one father finally explains what is happening, Karen angrily confronts Mrs. Tilford, together with Joe and Martha. Mary repeats her story and coerces Rosalie into corroborating the lie. The two women file a lawsuit against Mrs. Tilford for libel and slander but lose their case.
When the story is circulated by the local media, the reputation of the two teachers is destroyed. Only Joe keeps in contact with them, and he offers to take them away and start a new life. However, his trust in Karen is shaken, and he asks her if the rumors are true. In the ensuing quarrel, Karen ends their engagement, claiming she needs time to think everything over. When Martha learns about the break-up, she confesses she had always felt more than friendship for Karen and, upon hearing the false accusation, had finally realized the extent of her hitherto-repressed feelings. Upon this new acknowledgment of her feelings, she breaks down, blaming herself for ruining both of the women's lives.
Rosalie's mother (Sally Brophy) discovers a cache of stolen items, including the bracelet Mary used to blackmail her, among her daughter's belongings, and the two girls are questioned. Mrs. Tilford learns that the story was a fabrication and visits the two teachers. She apologizes for her actions and assures them if the court case is reopened, they not only will be cleared of all charges but will be well-compensated for the trouble she caused. Feeling the damage to their lives cannot be undone, Karen refuses to accept the apology.
Afterwards, she briefly talks to Martha about their future, and suggests going somewhere far away to start a new life together. Martha tells Karen she would rather talk about it in the morning and Karen leaves the house to take a walk. In her absence, Martha hangs herself. At her funeral, Karen walks away alone, while Joe watches her from the distance. Rosalie as well as some of Martha's former students notice Mary at the funeral and look at her with scorn and disgust.
Production.
Hellman's play was inspired by the 1809 true story of two Scottish school teachers whose lives were destroyed when one of their students accused them of engaging in a lesbian relationship, but in the Scottish case, they eventually won their suit, although that did not change the devastation upon their lives. At the time of the play's premiere (1934) the mention of homosexuality on stage was illegal in New York State, but authorities chose to overlook its subject matter when the Broadway production was acclaimed by the critics.
The first film adaptation of the play was "These Three" directed by Wyler and released in 1936. Because the Hays Code, in effect at the time of the original film's production (1936), would never permit a film to focus on or even hint at lesbianism, Samuel Goldwyn was the only producer interested in purchasing the rights. He signed Hellman to adapt her play for the screen, and the playwright changed the lie about the two school teachers being lovers into a rumor that one of them had slept with the other's fiancé. Because the Production Code refused to allow Goldman to use the play's original title, it was changed to "The Lie", and then "These Three".
By the time Wyler was ready to film the remake in 1961, the Hays Code had been liberalized to allow screenwriter John Michael Hayes to restore the original nature of the lie. Aside from having Martha hang rather than shoot herself as she had in the play, he remained faithful to Hellman's work, retaining substantial portions of her dialogue.
In the 1996 documentary film "The Celluloid Closet", Shirley MacLaine said she and Audrey Hepburn never talked about their characters' alleged homosexuality. She also claimed Wyler cut some scenes hinting at Martha's love for Karen because of concerns about critical reaction to the film.
The film was James Garner's first after suing Warner Bros. to win his release from the television series "Maverick". Wyler broke an unofficial blacklist of the actor by casting him, and Garner steadily appeared in films and television shows over the following decades, including immediately playing the lead in four different major movies released in 1963.
Miriam Hopkins, who portrays Lily Mortar in the remake, appeared as Martha in "These Three".
The film's location shooting was done at the historic Shadow Ranch, in present day West Hills of the western San Fernando Valley.
Box office.
The film recorded a loss of $2.8 million.
Critical reception.
Bosley Crowther of the "New York Times" observed,
"Variety" said, "Audrey Hepburn and Shirley MacLaine . . . beautifully complement each other. Hepburn's soft sensitivity, marvelous projection and emotional understatement result in a memorable portrayal. MacLaine's enactment is almost equally rich in depth and substance." "TV Guide" rated the film 3½ out of four stars, adding "The performances range from adequate (Balkin's) to exquisite (MacLaine's)."
Nominations.
The film was nominated for five Academy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5984649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984649" title="The Desolate One">
The Desolate One

The Desolate One is the third album by old school/hardcore emcee Just-Ice, released in 1989 and produced by KRS-One (see 1989 in music). In 1996, it was played in part on KROQ by Bradley Nowell of Sublime. Nowell claimed it to be one of his favorite albums.

</doc>
<doc id="5984650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984650" title="Manuel Espino Barrientos">
Manuel Espino Barrientos

Manuel Espino Barrientos (b. November 29, 1959 in Durango, Durango) He was the 18th President of National Action Party On November 11, 2006 he was elected president of the Christian Democrat Organization of America.
Espino obtained his Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of the Northwest (in Spanish: "Universidad del Noroeste"). He was a mass media editor and political commentator; Member of the Mexican Scouts Association; Charter member and Vice-president of the Foundation for the Cultural Diffusion of America's Half Millennium; Founder and leader of diverse sport, student, civic and service organizations. 
He joined National Action Party in 1978 and has since occupied diverse positions within the party, among which are state president in Sonora, and Secretary General of the National Executive Committee from 2002 to 2004. He coordinated tours for the Presidency of the Republic in 2001. He has been elected twice to the Congress of Mexico and he has held diverse positions at municipal and state level.
His participation on elections is known for his claims on how the opponent of PAN "Is a danger for Mexico" like the cases of Andrés Manuel López Obrador in the presidential race, and Arturo Zamora and Jorge Hank Rhon [http://www.el-universal.com.mx/estados/65293.html in the Jalisco and Baja California respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="5984655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984655" title="Las Vegas Post Office and Courthouse">
Las Vegas Post Office and Courthouse

Las Vegas Post Office and Courthouse is a Neo-classical building located in Las Vegas, Nevada that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The building was erected between 1931 and 1933, opening on November 27, 1933. It served as a post office, and as a court house of the United States District Court for the District of Nevada.
The building was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on February 10, 1983. The building remained an active post office for several more years.
Control of the building was turned over to the city in 2002 for use as a museum and cultural center.
Mob Museum.
The building was restored and renovated into the National Museum of Organized Crime and Law Enforcement in February 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5984659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984659" title="Capital punishment in Germany">
Capital punishment in Germany

Capital punishment was abolished in West Germany in 1949 and East Germany in 1987.
Legal position.
The current Constitution of Germany ("Grundgesetz für die Bundesrepublik Deutschland"), which came into effect on 23 May 1949, forbids capital punishment. This ban is stated in
It is debated among constitutional jurists whether article 2 section 2 GG – "Jeder hat das Recht auf Leben und körperliche Unversehrtheit" ("Every person shall have the right to life and physical integrity") or indeed human dignity itself (article 1 section 1 GG) forbids capital punishment; the latter is mentioned by the German Wikipedia as "reigning opinion", but seems inconsistent with the fact that article 2 allows exceptions by formal law and, in section 1, similarly guarantees personal freedom (without outlawing prisons).
The Penal Code was formally amended in 1951 to conform to the abolition. Previous death penalty was replaced by life imprisonment. As the constitution requires that prisoners have a chance of regaining freedom with other means than extralegal pardon only, prisoners are checked for release on parole after 15 years for regular intervals. Since the introduction of this provision, courts may in extreme cases declare "special gravity of guilt" which is meant and popularized as kind of life without parole.
Although article 21.1 of the constitution of the German state of Hesse provides capital punishment for high crimes, this provision is inoperative due to the federal ban on the death penalty ("Bundesrecht bricht Landesrecht" - Federal law overrides state law). The Bavarian Constitution, while not providing death penalty by itself, long time contained a rule of implementation of it which was abrogated in a summary constitutional amendment in 1998.
History.
If the failed German constitution drafted by the Frankfurt Parliament in 1849 had come into force, capital punishment would have been abolished in most cases, since Art. III § 139 of the constitution stated: ""Die Todesstrafe, ausgenommen wo das Kriegsrecht sie vorschreibt, oder das Seerecht im Fall von Meutereien sie zuläßt, [...], abgeschafft"" ("Capital punishment, except when it is prescribed by martial law or permitted by the law of the seas in cases of mutiny, [... abolished"). The German Empire (1871–1918) quite liberally inflicted the death penalty for some forms of 1. high treason and for 2. murder which was then defined as killing with premeditation; only murder and attempted murder of one's sovereign was capital treason. Under military law, in case of a war only, some other particularly listed forms of 3. "treason", some cases of 4. wrongful surrender, 5. desertion in the field in case of relapse, if the previous desertion also had taken place in the field, 6. cowardice if it led to a flight with enticing one's comrades to flight, 7. explicit disobeying an order by word or deed in the face of the enemy, 8. sedition in the face of the enemy, or in the field (only) if done as a ringleader or instigator, or with violence as a leading man. During the German empire, the legal methods were, the hand-held axe, in some states also the guillotine for civilian crimes and firing squad for military crimes. The Weimar Republic retained death penalty for murder, and several murderers were guillotined.
As to the National Socialists, the leading Nazi jurist Hans Frank boasted at the 1934 Reichsparteitag of “reckless implementation of the death penalty” as a special acquisition of the Nazi regime. Under Hitler nearly 40,000 death sentences were handed down, mainly by the Volksgerichtshof and also by the Reich Military Tribunal. Executions were carried out most often by beheading using the guillotine although from 1942 on hanging by using the short-drop method became also common. A firing squad was reserved for military offenders.
Additional forms declared treason could (in some cases, especially for soldiers, mandatorily) be prosecuted with death, as could grave arson, aiding and abetting treason, betraying a secret (mandatorily), procuring a secret for the sake of betraying it, insidious publishing or rhetoric, failure to denounce a capital crime, destroying means for military use, sabotage (mandatorily for soldiers), kidnapping (mandatorily), compassing or imagining the death of a NS or state official for political reasons or the reason of their service, setting a car trap for the means of robbery (mandatorily), espionage (mandatorily), partisanry (mandatorily), all cases of desertion, subversion of military strength (mandatorily except for minor cases), looting (mandatorily even in cases of smallest amounts), arson which damages the power of defense of the people, crime during danger resulting from enemy aviation (in grave cases), taking advantage of the state of war whilst committing a crime ("if the sound feeling of the people so requires"), publishing foreign radio broadcasts, etc. The definition of murder was changed and, in practice, extended to the rather vague definition still in force, but now only with life imprisonment. This list is by no means exhaustive, even where laws and decrees are concerned. As an addition to crimes declared capital by law or decree, a "dangerous habitual criminal" or one convicted of rape could be executed "if the protection of the people or the need for just atonement so demands", courts (or whatever was in place of a court) sometimes were officially granted the right to inflict the death penalty even where not provided by law, and sometimes did so by their own discretion. Many of the crimes covered a wide and unpredictable range of actions, such as treason, "sabotage" (Kriegsverrat, which was any action pandering the enemy) and subversion of the military strength, which could be interpreted as to cover any critical remark, and even though even it did clearly not cover it was applied to execute any conscientous objector. To quote Hitler, "after ten years of hard prison, a man is lost to the people's community anyway. Thus what to do with such a guy is either put him into a concentration camp, or kill him. In latest times the latter is more important, for the sake of deterrence."
According to Manfred Messerschmidt, "from 1907 to 1932," i. e. including World War I, "Germany had issued 1547 death warrants, of which 393 were executed. Wehrmacht courts on the other hand issued, conservatively estimated, 25000 death warrants, of which 18000 to 20000 were executed." According to official statistics, other courts had altogether issued 16560 death warrants (whereof 664 before the war), of which about 12000 were executed. In fighting partisans, 345000 are reported to have been killed, of which less than 10% may have been partisans. This, however, should not obscure the fact that not only the National Socialist legal system was tyrannical (especially also with the protective custody, to be inflicted at the Gestapo's arbitration and to be fulfilled in a concentration camp), but this law also was broken to the detriment of those persecuted or opposing. A concentration camp commander could as early as in 1933 inflict the "death penalty" for disobedience, i. e. order to murder a disobedient, without any legal ground whatsoever besides the will of Heinrich Himmler, but also without meeting opposition. Himmler himself offered an honorable way out for members of the SS who were convicted of capital crimes-they were locked in a room with a revolver and one live round, then given several hours to use it. After their deaths any surviving family were given pensions. Bl. Bishop Clemens of Münster correctly saw himself legally obliged to denounce to the criminal police those responsible for the Action T4, i. e. the killing of the handicapped, for murder (then: killing with premeditation); likewise, no law even of the Nazis allowed extermination through work, and genocidal mass murder, as in the case of the Holocaust.
Charles Lane (writer for The Washington Post) claims the abolishment of capital punishment was a reaction not to its extensive use under the Third Reich, but to the execution of convicted Nazi war criminals by the International War Crimes Tribunal.
After World War II.
After World War II, limited executions of common and war criminals were carried out on West German soil. The last common criminal to be executed in the Western Zones under German authority was Richard Schuh (murder and robbery) on February 18, 1949; in West Berlin the last execution was of Berthold Wehmeyer (murder, rape and robbery) on May 12, 1949. Despite the newly founded Federal Republic's protests, the Western Allied powers continued for some time to inflict the death penalty in their separate jurisdiction, the last war criminals being executed on June 7, 1951 at Landsberg prison. Until 1990, some "criminal actions against the Allied Occupating Powers' interests" remained capital in West Berlin, being under Allied jurisdiction without complete force of the Basic Law. However, no capital sentences under this authority were carried out.
East Germany abolished the death penalty in 1987. The last execution in East Germany is believed to have been the shooting of Werner Teske, convicted for treason, in 1981; the last execution of a civilian (after 1970, capital punishment was rare and almost exclusively for espionage) was Erwin Hagedorn, for sexually motivated child murder. By then, GDR courts had inflicted the death penalty in 227 cases. 166 were executed, of which 52 for assumedly political crimes (espionage, sabotage etc.), 64 for crimes under Hitler's rule and 44 for common criminality (mostly, murder under aggravated circumstances). Most of these took place during the 1950s; three known executions took place in the 70s and two in the 80s. The guillotine (called the "Fallschwertmaschine", "falling sword machine") was used for the last time on former SS doctor Horst Fischer in 1966, after which it was replaced by an "unexpected close shot in the back of the head" (""unerwarteter Nahschuss in das Hinterhaupt""). The GDR was notable for its secrecy about its executions, even when the death warrants had been issued in show trials; death certificates mostly noted but "heart failure".
Literature.
Richard J. Evans:
Rituals of Retribution: Capital Punishment in Germany 1600–1987
New York, NY: Oxford University Press, 1996

</doc>
<doc id="5984667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984667" title="Djumbo">
Djumbo

Djumbo is a pop group based in the Netherlands.
Lindsy is described as a helpful little girl, sometimes timid; one of her favourite activities is chatting on the phone. Lotte is said to be open-minded and honest, and she loves animals. Samantha loves dancing and singing.
The three girls met in a dancing school in Eindhoven, where their dancing skills were discovered by a record producer who signed them up for their first single "Hide and Seek" under the "Djumbo Project". Their first two singles entered top 5 in their homeland and they succeeded, in less than six months, to become one of the most popular pop groups there.
Their sound is quite similar to K3, who are based in Belgium. Both have the fun bouncy 'childish' style that makes it popular amongst children—happy pop music for children.
The lyrics of most Djumbo songs are written in a combination of English and Dutch, with the majority of a song being in Dutch and the chorus (and title) being in English.
New line-up.
Svenja decides to leave Djumbo. She says: "After 7 beautiful years with Djumbo, I wanna grow further." She wishes Lindsy, Lotte and the new member good luck in the future. Saturday 15 Januari, 2011 will Lindsy and Lotte publish the new member of the group in a special show called 'Wie wordt het nieuwe lid van Djumbo' ("translation: "Who becomes the new member of Djumbo""). The new member of Djumbo is Samantha Klumper. She is 24 years old and loves singing and dancing. She is very happy that her dreams come true by joining Djumbo. Lindsy and Lotte are very happy with her.
Side-projects.
Djumbo are currently hosting the game show "Kies je ster" ("Pick your star") for joint broadcast on TROS and Sterren.nl, a satellite-channel devoted to 50 years of mainstream Dutch music. "Kies je ster" is basically a pop- and showbiz-themed resurrection of TV classic "Ren je rot" (1973-1983), itself being the Dutch version of Runaround.

</doc>
<doc id="5984671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984671" title="Mike Penberthy">
Mike Penberthy

Mike Penberthy (born November 29, 1974) is an American former professional basketball player. A 6'3" (1.90 m) point guard from The Master's College, Penberthy was not drafted by an NBA team but did manage to play for the Los Angeles Lakers for two years (2000-01 to 2001–02). Penberthy was part of their 2000–01 championship team.
Early life and college.
Born in Los Gatos, California, Penberthy graduated from Herbert Hoover High School at Fresno, California in 1993. He played college basketball for The Master's College in Santa Clarita, California, where he played with distinction, broke numerous school records (including most career points), was a 2-time NAIA All-American, and was later a charter member of the college for the 2003-2004 season. He held the NAIA record for consecutive games with at least one three-pointer made, with 111, until it was broken in December 2005. He graduated from The Master's College in 1997 with a B.A. degree in biblical studies.
Professional career.
Penberthy tried out for the Indiana Pacers and tore his right hamstring; he took three months off and joined the Continental Basketball Association team Idaho Stampede, which drafted him from college. The Stampede cut Pemberthy, who said he "hated" playing there, and he transferred to the German team Hamburg Tigers.
During the summer of 1998, when the NBA locked out its players, Penberthy worked as a forklift driver at Turf Tek, a company managed by a cousin of his. The following fall, Penberthy joined sports ministry Athletes in Action and the CBA team Quad City Thunder but was cut due to a sprained right ankle. From April to June 1999, Penberthy played for the Venezuelan team Crocodilos de Caracas. 
In his NBA career, Penberthy played in 56 games (all with the Lakers) and had averages of 4.9 points, 1.3 assists and 1.2 rebounds per game while playing 15.4 minutes per game on average.
The Lakers waived Penberthy on November 10, 2001. Since then, he has played basketball in Italy and Germany and competed in the ULEB Cups of 2005, 2006, and 2007. While with Alba Berlin, Penberthy helped the team win the German Cup of 2006. In 2011, Penberthy signed with the Los Angeles Slam of the ABA.
Personal life.
Penberthy married Wendy Jones, who attended The Master's College with him and played volleyball for the college. They have two sons: Ty and Jaden.

</doc>
<doc id="5984686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984686" title="Media of Scotland">
Media of Scotland

Scottish media has a long and distinct history. Scotland has a wide range of different types and quality of media.
Broadcasting.
Television.
BBC Scotland runs two national television stations. Much of the output of BBC Scotland Television, such as most news, current affairs and sport programmes, and the Glasgow-based soap opera, "River City", are intended for broadcast within Scotland, whilst others, for example many drama and comedy programmes, aim at audiences throughout the United Kingdom and worldwide markets. "Newsnight Scotland" broadcasts between 11pm and 11.20pm every weeknight.
Two Independent Television stations, STV and ITV Border, also broadcast in Scotland. Although they previously had independent existences, Scottish TV (serving the Central Lowlands) and Grampian (serving northern Scotland) now belong to the same company (STV Group plc) and resemble each other closely, apart from regional news and advertising. "ITV Border" has had a more complex position, as it also has to serve neighbouring areas across the border in England and airs a pan-regional news service shared with the ITV Tyne Tees region. Most of the independent television output equates to that transmitted in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, with the exception of news and current affairs, sport, comedy, cultural and Scottish Gaelic language programming.
BBC Alba is the only Gaelic language television service available in Scotland, broadcasting digital terrestrial platform Freeview, as well as Sky, Virgin Media and Freesat.
In 2014, STV Group plc will launch two super-local TV services, one each for Edinburgh and Glasgow, after winning Ofcom's May 2012 auction for the licences. ETV and GTV will broadcast local content for Edinburgh (from Craigkelly) and Glasgow (from Black Hill) respectively over Freeview (currently slated for EPG channel 26, as channel 8 is already allocated to BBC Alba) and may also broadcast on other television and web platforms. The stations are likely to share facilities with existing STV premises in Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Radio.
Scotland has its own BBC services which include the national radio stations, BBC Radio Scotland and Scottish Gaelic language service, BBC Radio nan Gaidheal, which is available in the North of Scotland. There are also a number of BBC and independent local radio stations throughout the country.
Print.
Newspapers.
There are three national daily newspapers in Scotland:
Sunday newspapers include the tabloid "Sunday Mail" (published by the "Daily Record"'s parent company, Trinity Mirror) and the "Sunday Post" (D.C. Thomson & Co.), while the "Sunday Herald" and "Scotland on Sunday" have associations with "The Herald" and "The Scotsman" respectively.
Regional dailies include "The Courier and Advertiser" in Dundee and the east, and "The Press and Journal" serving Aberdeen and the north.
Magazines.
There are over 700 magazines published in Scotland, by nearly 200 organisations, with an estimated total turnover of £157m per annum.
Awards.
Print publications and journalists in Scotland are recognised for their quality at the Scottish Press Awards.
Online.
BBC Scotland, STV, and most newspapers in Scotland (like "The Herald" and "The Scotsman") also provide online content and blogs. The BBC's coverage of the debate was criticised in 2012 by the National Union of Journalists and there has been an ongoing discussion about media bias in the lead up to the 2014 referendum.
Other organisations are solely Internet based, such as Newsnet Scotland, which deals mainly with national political, social and economic issues and providing analysis of the current independence debate.

</doc>
<doc id="5984708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984708" title="László Sepsi">
László Sepsi

László Sepsi (born 7 June 1986) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for CFR Cluj as a left defender.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Luduş of Hungarian descent, Sepsi made his professional debut with lowly CS Gaz Metan Mediaş, making 24 Liga I appearances and scoring one goal. In the 2005 summer he moved abroad, signing for Ligue 1 side Stade Rennais FC; he was brought to the French club by compatriot László Bölöni, the team's manager.
Sepsi didn't feature in any league matches in the 2005–06 season, only being fielded in a couple of French Cup games. Following the departure of Bölöni in the summer of 2006, he returned to Romania, joining ACF Gloria 1922 Bistriţa where he impressed overall, helping the club to a final sixth position in the top division, with the subsequent qualification to the UEFA Intertoto Cup; he was also team captain.
Benfica.
On 12 January 2008 Sepsi signed a five-and-a-half-year contract with Portuguese first division's S.L. Benfica, for an undisclosed fee (newspapers reported that it could have been something between €1.8 and 2.5 million). In the summer he was loaned to La Liga outfit Racing de Santander, in a season-long move. He made his competitive debut with Racing on 31 August 2008, in a 1–1 home match against Sevilla FC, and contributed with 19 games (14 starts) as the Cantabrians finished in 12th position, thus retaining its division status.
Deemed surplus to requirements by new Benfica boss Jorge Jesus, Sepsi was again loaned to Racing Santander for 2009–10. However, he appeared very rarely in his second spell.
Politehnica Timișoara.
On 4 January 2010, Sepsi joined FC Politehnica Timișoara for a fee believed to be €1.2 millions on a five-year contract. The club's president, Marian Iancu, revealed that the whole deal was worth €2.3 millions, which included both the transfer fee value and the player's wages.
Sepsi made his debut against former team Gloria Bistrița, in a 0–0 draw.
Târgu Mureș / CFR Cluj.
In January 2012, Sepsi was declared a free agent by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The following month, he signed for fellow league side FCM Târgu Mureș.
In May 2012, after his contract expired, Sepsi signed a three-year deal with CFR Cluj.
International career.
Sepsi made his full international debut for Romania on 26 March 2008, in a 3–0 friendly win against Russia in Bucharest.
Club statistics.
"*" – Not available

</doc>
<doc id="5984729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984729" title="Jeongja-dong">
Jeongja-dong

Jeongja-dong (정자동) is a neighbourhood in the Bundang-gu district of Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. It is a very wealthy and relatively new neighbourhood, particularly on the western bank of the Tancheon. As recently as 2004, a view of this portion of Jeongja from the northern neighbouring Sunae-dong revealed primarily cranes and buildings under construction. By 2006, most of this construction was completed and several upscale businesses and affluent citizens had moved into the neighbourhood. The plaza between the Paragon apartments, I-Park apartments, and Santeview Apartments is particularly known for its Western-style cafes, and has been used for the filming of both television commercials, dramas, and magazine advertisements. Other residential flats include Adena Palace, Adena Luce and Time Bridge. NHN and Bundang Police Station are also situated in Jeongja-dong.

</doc>
<doc id="5984737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984737" title="Song Cycle (album)">
Song Cycle (album)

Song Cycle is the debut album by American recording artist Van Dyke Parks, released in December 1967 by Warner Bros. Records. It mixes a number of genres, including psychedelic, folk, baroque, bluegrass, ragtime, show tunes, and experimental rock and pop. The release was Parks' debut album, and was produced by future Dreamworks Records co-founder Lenny Waronker.
The album's material explores unconventional song structures, and lyrically focuses on American history and culture. Although the album was mostly written and composed solely by Parks, "Song Cycle" features three cover songs: Randy Newman's "Vine Street", Donovan's "Colours", and the traditional "Nearer, My God, to Thee". The subjects of many songs are Southern California locales, including Laurel Canyon Boulevard, Vine Street, Silver Lake Boulevard, and Palm Desert. The lyrics on "Song Cycle" also reflect Parks' history working in both the film and music industries of Southern California.
Upon its release, "Song Cycle" was largely raved by critics despite lukewarm sales, and later gained status as a cult album.
Background.
In Los Angeles during the mid-1960s, Van Dyke Parks became known as an in-demand session pianist, working with such artists as The Byrds, Tim Buckley, and Paul Revere & the Raiders. At the same time, he had been unsatisfied with contemporary pop music and its increasing submissiveness to the British invasion, going so far as to say, "apart from "Pet Sounds" I didn't find anything striking coming out of the United States." Wanting to give "an American experience which would be uniquely disassociable from the Beatles/British pop viewpoint," he was involved with numerous works that would indulge his interest in Depression-era American pop and folk music, such as producing Harper's Bizarre's debut album "Anything Goes"; releasing his own singles "Come to the Sunshine", "Number Nine", "Colours"; and most notably providing lyrical content to The Beach Boys' ill-fated "Smile" album.
For his collaborations with Brian Wilson, Parks was signed as a recording artist by Warner Bros. Records. The label reportedly expected that Parks could deliver a smashing commercial success on par with the Beach Boys at that time. The resulting album was backed by producer Lenny Waronker, who placed Parks' musical freedom over budgetary constraints. 
Music.
Being one of the most expensive albums ever produced up to this time, the album made early use of an eight-track professional reel-to-reel recorder during an era when most studios were still limited to four-track machines. Parks has added that the bulk of the album was done "before "Sgt. Pepper" reared its ugly head", and that Randy Newman had written "Vine Street" especially for him. "Song Cycle" contained experimental production and recording methods, including varispeed. Audio engineer Bruce Botnick is credited for inventing the "Farkle" effect, an ingenious modification to a Sunset Sound Recorders echo box. The Farkle effect was used most prominently on violins, harps, and the intro to "The All Golden", and involved very thin splicing tape folded like a fan attached to a tape overhead.
Release.
According to Parks, 
Nonetheless, Parks has expressed that the album hadn't turned out exactly as he wanted, saying "An album with no songs was entirely unintentional," and considered the album more of a learning exercise "made with a mindset about the importance of studio exploration." The album's sessions cost more than US$35,000 (exceeding US$ today), making it one of the most expensive pop albums ever recorded up to that time — in 1967, the typical budget for a pop studio album was about $10,000 (US$ today).
Reception.
In his column for "Esquire", music critic Robert Christgau felt that "Song Cycle" does not "rock" and had "serious reservations about [Parks'] precious, overwrought lyrics and the reedy way he sings them, but the music on this album is wonderful." Warner Bros. press sheets advertised "Song Cycle" as "the most important, creative and advanced pop recording since "Sgt. Pepper"." Although it received good reviews upon release, "Song Cycle" sold slowly, and took at least three years to pay for the original studio sessions. AllMusic's Jason Ankeny has described the album as
In response to the poor sales of the record after its release (despite some rave critical reviews), Warner Bros. Records ran full page newspaper and magazine advertisements written by staff publicist Stan Cornyn that said they "lost $35,509 on 'the album of the year' (dammit)." The ad said that those who actually purchased the album had likely worn their copies out by playing it over and over, and suggested that listeners send in worn out copies to Warner Bros. in return for two new copies, including one "to educate a friend with." Incensed by the tactic, Parks accused Cornyn of trying to kill his career. Excerpts from positive reviews were reprinted in these ads, which included statements written by the "Los Angeles Free Press" ("The most important art rock project"), "Rolling Stone" ("Van Dyke Parks may come to be considered the Gertrude Stein of the new pop music"), and "The Hollywood Reporter" ("Very esoteric"). 
Many musicians cite the album as an influence, including producer and songwriter Jim O'Rourke. O'Rourke worked with Parks and harpist Joanna Newsom on Newsom's record "Ys". Joanna Newsom sought out the partnership with Van Dyke Parks after listening to Song Cycle.
In July 2010, Continuum published a book in their "33" series about "Song Cycle", written by Richard Henderson.
Track listing.
Note: The song "Van Dyke Parks" above (credited as 'public domain') is actually an interpretation of "Nearer, My God, to Thee" dubbed over battlefield recordings of Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="5984740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984740" title="Il falegname di Livonia">
Il falegname di Livonia

Il falegname di Livonia, o Pietro il grande, czar delle Russie ("The Livonian Carpenter, or Peter the Great, Tsar of the Russias") is an 1819 opera buffa in two acts with music by Gaetano Donizetti set to a libretto by Gherardo Bevilacqua-Aldobrandini. The libretto was based in part on Felice Romani's libretto for Giovanni Pacini's opera "Il falegname di Livonia", which had just been presented at La Scala in Milan on 12 April 1819. Another source was Alexandre Duval's comedy "Le menuisier de Livonie, ou Les illustres voyageurs" (1805).
Donizetti's "Il falegname di Livonia" was premiered on 26 December 1819 at the opening of the 1819-1820 Carnival season at the Teatro San Samuele in Venice. It was the fourth of Donizetti’s operas to be performed during his lifetime and the first to achieve "more than one production". It had about seven stagings until 1827, when its last known performance in the 19th century took place.
Performance history.
The opera was neglected until 2003 when it was given a performance in St Petersburg, thanks to the artistic director of the St Petersburg Chamber Opera, Yuri Alexandrov, who spent three years in search of the score for the opera, which, so it appeared, had been lost forever. The painstaking work yielded results: the score was restored fragment by fragment. The Russian premiere took place on 27 May 2003 at the St Petersburg Chamber Opera, with staging by Yuri Alexandrov and the Russian and Italian versions of the libretto by Yuri Dimitrin.
In 2004, the opera was presented by the Festival della Valle d'Itria in Martina Franca. Those performances were recorded.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
Carlo, a carpenter, is in love with the orphan Annetta. He claims to be of noble origin and shows that he has a bit of a temper when the tsar and his wife, Catherine, arrive, both travelling incognito. They are looking for the tsarina’s lost brother, and have reason to suspect that it might be Carlo. The tsar asks the hotelier, Madame Fritz, about this carpenter. When Carlo enters, he does not know who the strangers are and he is rather insolent. An argument ensues, with Peter threatening Carlo with dire consequences. The town magistrate, Ser Cuccupis, also gets into an argument with Peter. This magistrate has pretensions of grandeur and goes so far as to threaten him with his friend, the tsar. Peter decides to pull rank on the magistrate, and tells him that he is Menshikov, a high officer of the tsar. The magistrate has Carlo imprisoned, and he is about to be convicted when Madame Fritz runs in with some documents proving that he is Catherine’s brother.
Act 2.
When Carlo becomes aware that he is the tsar's brother, he introduces Annetta to the imperial couple. Again, not knowing the true identity of the couple, he warns them that the tsar must never see her because she is the daughter of the traitor hetman Ivan Mazepa. When told that Mazepa is dead, the false Menshikov pardons the girl. Then the captain of the troops tells the magistrate that Menshikov is actually the tsar. Hoping that this would be an opportunity to advance himself, the magistrate tries to intervene, but since the tsar has already recognized him for what he is, he is fired from his position of authority and is ordered to pay a fine. Peter, Catherine, Carlo and Annetta leave happily for St Petersburg.
Recordings.
Note: The Act 2 sextet is included in "A Hundred Years of Italian Opera, 1810-1820" (Opera Rara; Cat: ORCH103).
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5984746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984746" title="Card sharing">
Card sharing

Card sharing, also known as control word sharing, is a method of allowing multiple clients or digital television receivers to access a subscription television network with only one valid subscription card. This is achieved by electronically sharing a part of the legitimate conditional access smart card's output data, enabling all recipients to gain simultaneous access to scrambled DVB streams, held on the encrypted television network.
Typically, a legitimate smart card is attached to a host digital television receiver, which is equipped with software to share the decrypted 64-bit "control word" key over a computer network, such as the Internet. Once a client receives this key, they can decrypt the encrypted content as though they were using their own subscription card.
Basic operation.
The security of conditional access smartcard technology is limited by the security of the DVB standard in which it operates. The standard practice of a legitimate smart card is to decrypt an ECM (Entitlement Control Message), which then provides the control word, which allows the viewing of scrambled material. With card sharing, however, the smart card and its security features are bypassed; software intercepts the decrypted control word and allows the user to share it across a computer network.
Pirate decryption.
Card sharing has established itself as popular method of pirate decryption. Much of the development of card sharing hardware and software has taken place in Europe, where national boundaries mean that home users are able to receive satellite television signals from many countries but are unable to legally subscribe to them due to licensing restrictions on broadcasters.
Because the length of the complete control word is so small (64 bits), delivery of the control words to many different clients is easily possible on a home internet connection. This has sparked the creation of sharing network groups, in which users can access the group by sharing their subscription cards with the group, and in turn, being capable of receiving the channels which all users' cards can decrypt, as though the user owned every single subscription card connected to the network. Other networks have also been created, whereby one server has multiple legitimate subscription cards connected to it. Access to this server is then restricted to those who pay the server's owner their own subscription fee.
Multiple receiver use.
An arguably legitimate use for card sharing is the sharing of the control word within a home network, where the subscriber is authorised by the subscription television network to decrypt their signal, using one smart card. Content providers usually provide means for viewing channels on a second smart card, provided at extra cost. An example of this is Sky Multiroom, used in the United Kingdom. However, in some cases the contract between the subscriber and the content provider implicitly or explicitly prohibits this kind of card sharing.
Countermeasures.
Card sharing is a particular concern to conditional access providers, and their respective pay-TV companies, as well as the DVB consortium. Card sharing utilises the integral scrambling system of the DVB standard, DVB-CSA, meaning that every provider of scrambled DVB content has potential to be affected by it. In response, several counter measures have been implemented by various parties, with the aim of permanently preventing it.
Technical.
One technical method, implemented by providers such as Irdeto and NDS, is to update the software of digital receivers provided by the subscription television service. This software implements a further decryption layer, held within the receiver. Rather than sending a plain text control word from the smart card to the receiver's microprocessor, which can be intercepted, the decrypted ECM will in fact be an encrypted control word, which can only be decrypted by a legitimate, non card sharing capable, receiver. A simpler method, used by several providers, is to simply increase the frequency of control word changes. With changes occurring as frequently as once every few seconds, extra stress is put onto the smart card sharing system, meaning that clients may be frustrated by short, frequent, missed viewing periods.
Legal.
One significant problem for internet card sharing pirates is that their activities can be traced, through tracing of their unique IP address. Cases of criminal charges being brought against card sharing hosts is on the rise.
In August 2009, a Liverpool man was prosecuted for re-selling the services of a card sharing network to paying customers. It was the first such case of its type in the UK. Two further raids occurred in the UK during early 2011, instigated by UK Cable Operator Virgin Media.
DVB-CSA3.
In 2007, the DVB Project approved and began licensing a new scrambling system, CSA3, for protecting DVB content. This new system, upon implementation, will attempt to eradicate many of the flaws with the original DVB-CSA system, including introducing an AES based 128-bit key system. The system will reportedly be "hardware friendly and software unfriendly", indicating that reverse engineering of the system, required for the creation of card sharing applications, will be very difficult.

</doc>
<doc id="5984756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984756" title="Matt Maloney">
Matt Maloney

Matthew Patrick "Matt" Maloney (born 6 December 1971) is a retired American professional basketball player. 
Basketball career.
Early years.
A 6'3" (1.90 m) guard, Maloney was born in Silver Spring, Maryland and he began his basketball career at Vanderbilt University, transferring after his freshman year to the University of Pennsylvania. 
Never drafted by an National Basketball Association team, he spent time in the CBA before finding playing time with three different clubs in the former competition over the course of six seasons. 
NBA.
Maloney played with the Houston Rockets from 1996 to 1999, the Chicago Bulls during 1999–2000 and the Atlanta Hawks for the 2000–01 and 2002–03 seasons. 
He is notable for his rookie season when he started all 82 regular season games at point guard for a Rockets squad with future Hall of Famers Charles Barkley, Clyde Drexler, and Hakeem Olajuwon. The club won 57 games, eventually losing to the Utah Jazz in six games in the Western Conference Finals. 
Maloney's father, Jim, who was a longtime assistant coach for John Chaney at Temple University, died only months before Matt began playing for his first NBA team. During his career he appeared in 25 playoff games and scored a total of 177 points, achieving a career-high 26 points twice during the 1997 playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="5984757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984757" title="Devasahayam Pillai">
Devasahayam Pillai

Blessed Devasahayam Pillai ( 1712–1752), born Neelakanta Pillai in southern India, is a beatified layman of the Latin Catholic church. Born into a Hindu family in the 18th century, he converted to Christianity and is considered a martyr of the Christian faith. Pillai was an official in the court of the king of Travancore, Maharaja Marthanda Varma, when he came under the influence of Dutch naval commander, Captain Eustachius De Lannoy, who instructed him in the Catholic faith. 
He is believed to have been killed by the then Travancore state for upholding his Christian faith.
In 2004, at the request of the diocese of Kottar, Tamil Nadu Bishops' Council (TNBC) and the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India (CBCI) recommended Devasahayam Pillai for the process of beatification to the Vatican. Some Hindu groups objected to this initiative on the grounds that there was no evidence of religious persecution in Travancore during that period, and that Pillai was executed for sedition. However, documents dating back to the period of Devasahayam Pillai show that conversion of court officials to Christianity was not tolerated.
On June 28, 2012, Pope Benedict XVI authorized the Congregation for the Causes of Saints to promulgate a decree regarding the martyrdom of Devasahayam Pillai and he was referred to as "Venerable".
On 2 December 2012, a ceremony of beatification and declaration of martyrdom was held in Nagercoil, in the Roman Catholic diocese of Kottar in Southern India, presided over by Angelo Cardinal Amato, Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, acting as papal delegate. Devasahayam Pillai is the first lay man to be elevated to the rank of "Blessed" in India (the step preceding raising a person to Sainthood under the Canon Law of the Catholic Church).
Biography according to Roman Catholic tradition.
Early life.
Devasahayam Pillai (named Neelakanda Pillai at birth) was born into an affluent Nair-caste family at Nattalam in the present-day Kanyakumari District, on 23 April 1712. His father Vasudevan Namboodiri, hailed from Kayamkulam, in present-day Kerala state, and was working as a priest at Sri Adi Kesava Perumal temple in Thiruvattar in present-day Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu. His mother Devaki Amma hailed from Thiruvattar in Kanyakumari District. In the Nair matriarchal traditions of the day, Devasahayam Pillai was raised by his maternal uncle, and was inculcated with Hindu beliefs and traditions early on.
Devasahayam’s family had much influence in the royal palace of Maharaja Marthanda Varma, king of Travancore, and Devasahayam went into the service of the royal palace as a young man. His capabilities and enthusiasm did not go unnoticed in the palace, as he was soon put in charge of state affairs as an official under Ramayyan Dalawa, the Dewan of Travancore.
Conversion to Christianity.
In 1741, Captain Eustachius De Lannoy, a Dutch naval commander, was sent on command of a Dutch naval expedition by the Dutch East India Company to capture Colachel, a port under the control of Travancore, and establish a trading post there. In the battle (Battle of Colachel) that followed between the Travancore forces and De Lannoy’s men, the Dutch forces were defeated and the men were either killed or captured. Eustachius De Lannoy, his assistant Donadi and a few other Dutch soldiers were captured and imprisoned.
De Lannoy and the Dutchmen were later pardoned by the king, on condition that they serve in the Travancore army. De Lannoy later earned the trust of the king and went on to become the commander of the Travancore armed forces, winning many battles and annexing various neighbouring territories to Travancore.
It was during their influential roles under the King of Travancore that Devasahayam Pillai and De Lannoy became well acquainted. De Lannoy’s Christian faith interested Devasahayam and De Lannoy enlightened him on the faith, leading to his conversion in 1745.
Baptism.
On Devasahayam’s acceptance of the Christian faith, he was baptized at the Roman Catholic Latin Rite church at Vadakkankulam village (in the present Tirunelveli District of Tamil Nadu), where the Jesuits had a mission under Rev. Fr. R. Bouttari Italus S.J. Neelakanda Pillai, his name at birth, was then changed to Lazar, although he is more widely known by the Tamil & Malayalam translation Devasahayam (meaning "God's help"). Pillai was married by this time to Bargavi Ammal of Travancore. She was also persuaded and converted to Christianity by her husband. His wife was given the baptismal name of Gnanapoo Ammaal (equivalent to Theresa in Tamil & Malayalam). Fearing reprisal in Travancore against her religious conversion, she chose to be a migrated-resident of this village. Some of Devasahayam Pillai's immediate family members also received baptism later, after being converted to Christianity.
Orders based on accusations and charges.
Church chroniclers say that the Brahmin chief priest of the kingdom, the feudal lords, members of the royal household and the Nair community brought false charges on Devasahayam to the Dewan, Ramayyan Dalawa. Pillai was divested of his portfolio in the administration and was later accused of treason and of divulging state secrets to rivals and Europeans. He was later arrested and tortured for three years. After his execution orders were passed, he was initially ordered to be taken on a buffalo to Kuzhumaikkad, where he would be executed. But the original Royal order was altered later to finally to be taken on a buffalo back to Aralvaimozhy border for a meaningful punishment of banishment after carrying out a series of tortures by ten different karyakkars on the advice of the ministers.
Other traditions and beliefs.
Devasahayam Pillai was marched from Padmanabhapuram Palace to Aralvaimozhy by soldiers, over the period of a few days. Pillai was treated like a criminal and as was customary in those days for criminals, his body was painted with red and black spots, and was intentionally marched through populated areas, sitting backward on top of a water buffalo (the mythical vehicle or vahana of Yama, the lord of death in Hinduism) through the streets of South Travancore. As a method of torture, he was beaten everyday with eighty stripes, pepper rubbed in his wounds and nostrils, exposed to the sun, and given only stagnant water to drink.
While halting at Puliyoorkurichi, not far away from the Padmanabhapuram Palace of the Travancore king, it is believed by Christians that God quenched his thirst by letting water gush through a small hole on a rock, the very place where he knelt to pray. The water hole is still found in the compound of a church at Puliyoorkurichi, about 15 km from Nagercoil. 
It is also believed that the leaves of a neem (Margosa) tree in the village of Peruvilai, to which he had been tied while being marched to Aralvaimozhy, cured illnesses of sick people in the village and around. Many more miracles are attributed to Devasahayam Pillai.
Death.
In 1752, the original order of the King and his Dewan was to deport him from Travancore, into the Pandya country, at Aralvaimozhy. He was let off in the forested hills near Aralvaimozhy. There, he is believed to have begun deep meditations, and the people from the adjacent villages began visiting the holy man. Christian sources allege that at this time, high caste Hindus plotted to do away with Devasahayam.
Some people believe that the soldiers went up the forested hills and tried to shoot Devasahayam, but were unable to fire; after which he took the gun in his hands, blessed it and gave it back to the soldiers to shoot him to death, if they wished to. The soldiers took the gun back and fired at him five times. His body was then carelessly thrown out near the foothills at Kattadimalai. 
It was at Kattadimali in Kanyakumari district that Devasahayam Pillai died on 14 January 1752. His mortal remains were interred near the altar inside St. Xavier's Church, Kottar, Nagercoil, which is now the diocesan Cathedral.
Since the days of the interment of the mortal remains of Devesahayam Pillai many Christian pilgrims visited his tomb and offered prayers.
Canonization efforts.
According to the report submitted by the then Bishop of Cochin (under whom Kanyakumari church was then functioning) in 1756 CE, the Christian martyrdom of Devasahayam Pillai was promptly intimated to Vatican. Prominent witnesses to his saintliness and martyrdom include Paremmakkal Thoma Kathanar.
In 1780, Kariattil Ouseph Malpan submitted a petition to the Vatican for canonization of Devasahayam Pillai. 
The church historian C. M. Agur concluded in 1903 that although apostasy was never considered illegal in Travancore, it was not viewed indifferently, particularly in the case of the King's palace servants, and this led to the martyrdom of Devasahayam Pillai.
In 1984, a group of lay persons from the diocese of Kottar, especially members of Nagercoil Catholic Club, once again took the initiative to seek the beatification of Devasahayam. This is unusual for a layman, but he is regarded as one who was totally devoted to Christ. At the beginning of the 21st century, many Christian devotees were offering prayers at his tomb in St. Xavier's Cathedral of the diocese of Kottar.
After a series of initiatives by the diocese of Kottar and much deliberation, the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India (CBCI), Tamil Nadu Bishops' Council (TNBC), later in 2004, duly recommended his beatification, following scrutiny of available historical evidence, in consultation with others. Bishop Chrysostom said that the CBCI did not intend any controversy whatsoever in moving this forward.
Professor A. Sreedhara Menon (1925–2010), a noted historian and writer on Travancore, said that no cases of persecution in the name of religious conversion were recorded in the history of the kingdom.
P. Parameswaran, president of the Hindu spiritual organisation Vivekananda Kendra, accused the CBCI of an attempt to hurt Hindu sentiments. Referring to the Travancore state manual, he insisted that Devasahayam was a palace employee who was executed after confirmation of sedition, because he had tampered with palace records and passed them to De Lannoy.
However, Catholic records of the time state that the kingdom of Travancore did not tolerate palace officials converting to Christianity.
In June 2012, Pope Benedict XVI officially recognized a decree from the Congregation for the Causes of Saints stating that he lived a life of "heroic virtues" – a major step towards beatification – and Pillai was then referred to as "Venerable".
Beatification and declaration as a martyr.
Devasahayam Pillai was declared a Martyr and Blessed on December 2, 2012, at a solemn ceremony held in the Diocese of Kottar at Carmel Higher Secondary School Grounds, Nagercoil, near the place of his burial. The Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, Angelo Cardinal Amato presided at the function as Delegate of Pope Benedict XVI.
Several cardinals, archbishops and bishops from India and elsewhere, as well as numerous priests, religious men and women and over 100,000 Catholics from all over India participated in the grand ceremony which included a Solemn Pontifical Mass.
Among the dignitaries officiating at the altar were Angelo Cardinal Amato, Oswald Cardinal Gracias (Archbishop of Mumbai), Telesphore P. Cardinal Toppo (Archbishop of Ranchi), George Cardinal Alencherry (Major Archbishop of Syro-Malabar Catholic Church), Moran Mor Baselios Cleemis Catholicos (Major Archbishop of Syro-Malankara Catholic Church), Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio (Apostolic Nuncio to India), and Bishop Peter Remigius (Bishop of Kottar).
Blessed Devasahayam Pillai is the first lay person from India to be canonised by the Catholic Church.
On the same day as Devasahayam Pillai was declared a Blessed in the Diocese of Kottar, India, Pope Benedict XVI addressed the pilgrims gathered in Rome. During his Angelus Message the Pope mentioned the event in Italian and English. He said in Italian:
"Today in Kottar, India, Devasahayam Pillai, a faithful layman, who lived in the 18th century and died a martyr, was proclaimed Blessed. Let us join in the joy of the Church in India and pray that this newly Beatified sustain the faith of the Christians of that great and noble country."
Then he addressed the crowds in English:
"I welcome all gathered here today to pray with me. I especially greet the people of Kottar who celebrate today the beatification of Devasahayam Pillai. His witness to Christ is an example of that attentiveness to the coming of Christ recalled by this first Sunday of Advent. May this holy season help us to centre our lives once more on Christ, our hope. God bless all of you!"
Places of interest.
Devasahayam Pillai is buried in the Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier at Kottar in Nagercoil. Devasahayam's tomb has been restored and beautified in view of the declaration of martyrdom and beatification.
Devasahyam Pillai’s clothes and other belongings are kept in a church in the small town of Vadakkankulam in Tirunelveli District of Tamil Nadu State, India. They are exposed at the church on 15 August every year, the feast of the Assumption of Mary. His wife was buried in the cemetery there.
Puliyoorkurichi, location of the water fountain believed to have quenched Devasahayam’s thirst, is on the Nagercoil–Trivandrum highway.
Aralvaimozhy, where Devasahayam was killed, is on the Nagercoil–Tirunelveli highway. At that spot on the hillock (called Kaattadimalai), devotees believe that rocks fell and were broken at that moment. One rock at the place makes bell-like sounds when knocked with a stone.

</doc>
<doc id="5984762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984762" title="Mr. Lucky (film)">
Mr. Lucky (film)

Mr. Lucky is a 1943 comedy film directed by H.C. Potter, starring Cary Grant and Laraine Day. It tells the story of a romance between a shady gambler and a wealthy socialite in the early days of World War II.
Plot.
A night watchman (Emory Parnell) checks out a sailor who has rowed up to the dock in a dinghy. The sailor (Charles Bickford) stops him from bothering an obviously wealthy young woman who walks to the end of the pier, apparently waiting for someone. The sailor begins recounting her story and the film segues into one long, continuous flashback. 
Joe "the Greek" Adams (Cary Grant) is a gambler and grifter with a couple of problems. First, he and his treacherous partner Zepp (Paul Stewart) have received draft notices to join the army for World War II. Fortunately, he has a solution. One of his underlings, Joe Bascopolous, has just died, and his status was 4F (unfit to serve). So one of them can dodge the draft by taking his identity. They gamble for it; Zepp cheats, but Joe wins anyway. As it turns out, Zepp fails his physical examination.
The other problem is a lack of money to bankroll his gambling ship. He talks the head of the local War Relief organization, Captain Veronica Steadman (Gladys Cooper), into authorizing him to run a "charity" casino, promising to raise enough money to outfit a relief ship, despite the suspicions of her lieutenant, wealthy socialite Dorothy Bryant (Laraine Day). 
Eventually, he even charms Dorothy. She tells her snobbish grandfather (Henry Stephenson), to his great dismay, that "Joe's the first man I've ever met I'm afraid of. It's exciting." At one point, Joe teaches Dorothy Australian rhyming slang, for example "tit for tat" (hat), "twist and twirl" (girl), "trouble and strife" (wife), and cork stoppers (cops). Later, he renames his gambling ship the "Briny Marlin" (darling) in her honor.
On the day of the charity ball, Joe receives a letter addressed to Bascopolous. Curious about its contents, he takes it to a Greek Orthodox priest for translation. It turns out to be from Bascopolous's mother in Greece, who wrote to tell her son about German paratroopers invading their village. She describes how every Greek man valiantly fought to the death, defending their country's honor. Moved, Joe spends several hours on a park bench, examining his life.
At the charity ball, Joe's men use false bottoms in the cashboxes to steal most of the money. Joe has a change of heart and tells his right-hand man, the "Crunk" (Alan Carney), that the money is going to war relief. But Zepp overhears what he says and forces him at gunpoint to collect the loot. Dorothy accidentally catches them in the act and thinks Joe is a willing participant. To protect her, he is forced to knock her out. Then, when Zepp briefly looks away, Joe attacks and incapacitates him, but not before getting shot. Joe escapes through a window, leaving behind a trail of blood.
Just when it seems to everyone that Joe is a heel, he sends the money back to Dorothy by way of his trusted friend Swede (Charles Bickford). He then loads up his ship with the charity's war relief supplies. 
Later, Dorothy is stricken when a policeman informs her that Bascopolous is dead. Then she sees the photograph of the dead man; it is not her Joe. When the name of the ship Bascopolous worked on is mentioned, she rushes to the dock, just as the ship is departing for Europe. She begs Joe to take her with him, but he brushes her off and turns away to hide his own anguish. The ship is torpedoed and sunk on the return trip. Dorothy visits the pier each night, stubbornly waiting for Joe to return to her.
The movie returns to the opening scene, with Swede telling Dorothy's story to the new night watchman. Hoping that she would be present, he arranged for Joe to meet him there. But when Joe shows up at the other end of the pier, he wants to go out on the town to celebrate their last night in port rather than going back to their ship. Thinking quickly, the guard tells him he cannot leave the dinghy tied up where it is. Joe and Swede argue about who has to move it. The watchman settles it by flipping a crooked, two-headed coin, ensuring Joe loses. When he walks to the end of the dock, Dorothy sees him and rushes into his arms.
Reception.
The film was enormously popular and made a profit of $1,603,000.
Adaptations to other media.
"Mr. Lucky" was adapted as a radio play on the October 18, 1943 broadcast of Lux Radio Theater with Cary Grant and Laraine Day reprising their film roles. It was also presented on the January 20, 1950 broadcast of Screen Director's Playhouse with Cary Grant again reprising his film role.
A 1959 TV series "Mr. Lucky" was loosely based on this film. It lasted only one season and starred John Vivyan in the title role.
External links.
Streaming audio

</doc>
<doc id="5984770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984770" title="Gun Talk">
Gun Talk

Gun Talk is the fifth album by old school hip hop/hardcore MC Just-Ice. It was released in 1993, and it was the only album of his to have major-label distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="5984772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984772" title="Scott Brown (footballer, born May 1985)">
Scott Brown (footballer, born May 1985)

Scott Brown (born 8 May 1985) is an English footballer who plays for Grimsby Town as a midfielder.
Starting his career with Everton in their youth system, before moving on to Bristol City, having failed to make an appearance for the "Toffees". After three years with City, he transferred to Cheltenham Town in 2007. Two years later he spent a brief spell with Port Vale, before signing for Morecambe in 2010. After a brief spell with Fleetwood Town, he signed with York City in January 2012. He played for York in the victorious 2012 Conference Premier play-off Final at Wembley Stadium, which saw the club promoted to League Two. He had a brief spell at Macclesfield Town in August 2012, before joining Chester the following month. He helped Chester to win both the Conference North title and the Cheshire Senior Cup in the 2012–13 season. He signed with Southport in July 2013, and stayed with the club for one season before joining Grimsby Town.
Club career.
Born in Runcorn, Cheshire, Brown progressed through the Everton youth system, having joined the club at under-nines level. After not making a senior appearance for the club he was released in 2004. He then joined Port Vale on trial in July 2004, under manager Martin Foyle, but was not signed to the club on a permanent contract.
In August 2004 he signed for Bristol City when Brian Tinnion offered him a three-month contract and later went on to sign a two-year deal with City. In October 2005, Brown and City teammates David Partridge and Bradley Orr were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder after an incident in a nightclub. They were later charged with affray, as was teammate Steve Brooker. Brown denied the offence but admitted the lesser charge of a section 4 public-order offence. His three teammates were sent to jail, but Brown escaped this punishment and instead was given 120 hours' community service for his part in the drunken brawl.
He was voted the Professional Footballers' Association Fans' Player of the Month for September 2006, and also received young player of the year awards for his impressive displays that year. Brown joined fellow League One side Cheltenham Town in January 2007. He broke his leg in a collision with teammate Damian Spencer in a match against his former team and was ruled out for the rest of the 2006–07 season.
In November 2008, Brown went to Port Vale on loan after failing to get a game under manager Martin Allen. In January 2009, Vale signed Brown on a free transfer after his Cheltenham contract expired. With 19 appearances for Vale in the 2008–09 season he was released upon the season's conclusion. He rejoined Cheltenham on 25 March 2010 on non-contract terms, but was released by the club along with seven other players in May, having only played 16 minutes in the final game of the season.
In July 2010 he joined Grimsby Town on trial and played in the club's 3–0 win over Winterton Rangers. In September 2010 he signed with Morecambe. He scored three goals in 33 games before being released at the end of the season.
After leaving Morecambe Brown had a brief trial spell at Wrexham, before signing for Conference Premier side Fleetwood Town on 8 August 2011, on a contract lasting until 2 January 2012. After departing Fleetwood he signed for Conference Premier rivals York City on a contract until the end of the 2011–12 season on 6 January. He entered the 2012 Conference Premier play-off Final at Wembley Stadium on 20 May as a 37th minute substitute, with York going on to win 2–1, meaning the club returned to the Football League after an eight-year absence with promotion to League Two. Brown finished the season with 10 appearances for York and was released by the club on 3 July 2012.
On 10 August 2012, Brown signed for Conference Premier side Macclesfield Town after a trial with the club. He made his debut for the "Silkmen" later that same day, replacing Sam Wedgbury minutes before the end of a 2–1 defeat by Hereford United at Edgar Street. However he left Moss Rose at the end of the month after the club cancelled his non-contract registration. Brown went on to label Steve King a liar and "a joke", and called the club a "sinking ship" on Twitter. He signed a short-term deal with Conference North side Chester on 5 September 2012. He remained at the Deva Stadium until the end of the 2012–13 season as Chester won the league title by a clear margin. He also made a substitute appearance in the final of the Cheshire Senior Cup, as Chester beat Stalybridge Celtic 2–1 at Wincham Park. He left the club in May 2013; manager Neil Young stated that "his attitude and professionalism was an example to others".
Brown signed for Conference Premier club Southport on 13 July 2013. He was named as captain after John Coleman took over as manager following the sacking of Alan Wright, and was named as the club's Player of the Month in December 2013 and February 2014. He missed just two league games all season as he helped the Southport to finish two points above the relegation zone in the 2013–14 season.
On 4 June 2014 Brown signed for Conference Premier side Grimsby Town on a one-year contract.
International career.
Brown made his debut for the England under-15 team in the 1–0 defeat to Northern Ireland on 29 October 2000 in the Adidas Victory Shield. He earned two more caps for the under-15s, appearing in games against the Netherlands and Germany in February 2001. His debut for the under-17 side came in a 2–1 defeat to Italy in a friendly on 12 July. Brown made nine appearances for England at this level, with his last cap coming in a 4–1 victory over Spain in the 2002 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship third place play-off on 10 May 2002. He made his under-18 debut as a 46th minute substitute in England's 4–0 victory over Tunisia on 14 November. He made two appearances for England at the 2003 UEFA-CAF Meridian Cup, playing against Burkina Faso and Egypt during February 2003, meaning he was capped three times by England at this level. Brown made his debut for the under-19s on 20 September against Liechtenstein in a 2–0 victory, before scoring his first England goal in the following game two days later, with the fourth goal of a 4–0 victory over Andorra. He went on to be capped seven times at under-19 level, scoring two goals.
Honours.
York City
Chester

</doc>
<doc id="5984777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984777" title="Mainstream EP">
Mainstream EP

Mainstream is an early demo EP from Canadian indie rock band Metric. The album is currently not available in stores, although it is circulated widely on the internet. It was revealed in the 2009 book "This Book is Broken", that the band was called "Mainstream" at this time, not "Metric", and Joshua Winstead and Joules Scott-Key had not yet joined.

</doc>
<doc id="5984784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984784" title="Mango oil">
Mango oil

Mango oil is an oil fraction obtained during the processing of mango butter. Mango oil is a seed oil extracted from the stone of the fruit of the "Mangifera indica". The oil is semi-solid at room temperatures, but melts on contact with skin, making it appealing for baby creams, suncare balms, hair products, and other moisturizing products. The oil is a soft yellow color with a melting point of 32-42°C.
Tree.
A large green tree mainly valued for its fruits,raw and ripe.It can grow up to 15-30 m,tall. Soil can be well drained sandy loam ,but does not grow well in heavy wet soils. The PH of Soil must be between 5.2-7.5.
Flowers.
Flowers appear at the end of winter and beginning of spring.Both male and female flowers are borne on same tree.The Climatic conditions have significant influence on the time of flowering of mango.In India flowering starts from December in the South and in January in Bihar and Bengal, and in February in eastern Uttar Pradesh, and in February–March in northern India.The duration of flowering is 20–25 days in Dashehari, while panicle emergence occurs in early December and flower opening is completed by February.It is well known that the Neelum variety of mango produces two crops a year in Kanyakumari, in South India ,but flowering only once in North Indian conditions
Fruits.
Fruit is an irregular egg shaped and slightly comprised fleshy drupe.Fruits are usually 8-12 cms long and greenish yellow in color.Mango fruits can be round, oval,heart shaped or kidney shaped.Mango fruits are green when they are unripe.The interior flesh is bright orange and soft with a large, flat pit in the middle.
Mature in April and May. 210 varieties of mango species have been reported.Fruits have exported value.Raw mango used for making of pickles, chutneys etc. Ripe mango is popular edible fruit all over the world.The % skin and pulp will be 85% and the remaining 15%is of stone(seed)
Extraction of oil.
oil is extracted from dried mango kernel by hydraulic pressing or by processing in solvent Extraction plant. In Solvent Extraction Plant hexane,an hydrocarbon liquid is used as extraction media.The collected mango seed stones are well water washed, soon after collection.After washing the seeds are sun dried to reduce the existing moisture to 12-15%.The dried seed stone is roasted in a drum roaster and the outer seed stone hull is removed mechanically or manually, beating with wood clubs.The separated kernels are crushed in a Hammer mill into small pieces.The mango kernel pieces are sent to pellet making machine and pellets are formed.Pellets are cooled to room temperature in a pellet cooler ,and are sent to Solvent extraction plant.Some processors make flakes by crushing the seeds in a Flaking roller mill.
composition and characters of oil/fat.
Mango kernel oil is known as fat as it remains solid at ordinary room temperature because of its high melting point(35-43°C).some say it as mango Butter too.
physical character of Mango kernel oil
Fatty Acids Present in Mango fat

</doc>
<doc id="5984785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984785" title="WOLV">
WOLV

WOLV (97.7 FM, "The Wolf"") is a radio station licensed to Houghton, Michigan, broadcasting a classic hits format. The studios are at 313 E. Montezuma in Houghton, a location it shares with its sister stations, WCCY and WHKB-FM.
The station first went on the air in January 1980 as WHUH-FM. In 1990, the station's call letters were changed to WOLF-FM. In 1994, the call letters were changed to WOLV-FM.

</doc>
<doc id="5984800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984800" title="Panchan">
Panchan

Panchan may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5984801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984801" title="Tracy Coster">
Tracy Coster

Tracy Coster is an Australian country music singer and songwriter. She was born on 12 April 1966. Her father, Stan Coster, was an acknowledged songwriter.
Early life.
It is hard to determine the time Tracy Coster started her career. She was born into country music, and she grew up with the music her father Stan wrote. Tracy started singing in her father's band when she was about thirteen, and she was determined to become a country star. The family led a travelling life from one gig to the other.

</doc>
<doc id="5984802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984802" title="US Airways Arena">
US Airways Arena

US Airways Arena may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5984845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984845" title="Exercise-induced pulmonary hemorrhage">
Exercise-induced pulmonary hemorrhage

Exercise induced pulmonary hemorrhage (EIPH), also known as "bleeding" or a "bleeding attack", refers to the presence of blood in the airways of the lung in association with exercise. EIPH is common in horses undertaking intense exercise, but it has also been reported in human athletes, racing camels and racing greyhounds. Horses that experience EIPH may also be referred to as “bleeders” or as having “broken a blood vessel”. In the majority of cases EIPH is not apparent unless an endoscopic examination of the airways is performed following exercise. However, a small proportion of horses may show bleeding at the nostrils after exercise, which is known as epistaxis.
EIPH in Horses.
EIPH has been reported to occur in a variety of race horse breeds including racing Thoroughbreds (both flat racing and steeplechasing or jump racing), American Quarter Horses (incidence of 50-75%), Standardbreds (incidence of 40-60%), Arabians, and Appaloosas. EIPH has also been reported in eventers, jumpers, polo ponies, endurance horses, draft horses that pull competitively, and horses taking part in Western speed events such as reining, cutting and barrel racing. EIPH is now considered to be an inevitable consequence of moderate to intense exercise in horses and other athletic animals. The lowest intensities of exercise which have been reported to cause EIPH are intense trotting (40-60% maximal oxygen uptake) and cantering at speeds of .
It occurs less frequently in stallions than mares or geldings, and it is associated with airway inflammation and with increasing age.
The affliction occurs when blood enters the air passages of a horse's lung, due to fractured lung capillaries. Blood is sometimes evident discharging from a horse's nostrils (epistaxis), however, epitaxis usually only occurs in 5% of bleeders. If a horse does not exhibit epistaxis but is suspected to have EIPH, an endoscopic exam is performed soon after the horse is exercised.
Exercise-induced pulmonary hemorrhage (EIPH), also known as "bleeding" or a "bleeding attack", refers to the presence of blood in the airways of the lung in association with exercise. EIPH often occurs in horses that race at high speeds. The number of horses with EIPH increases in proportion to speed and intensity. It is rare in endurance horses or draft breeds.
Sudden death in horse athletes is often caused by Exercise-induced pulmonary hemorrhage (EIPH). EIPH, also known as "bleeding" or a "bleeding attack", refers to the presence of blood in the airways of the lung in association with exercise. It often occurs in horses that race at high speeds. The number of horses with EIPH increases in proportion to speed and intensity. It is rare in endurance horses or draft breeds.
Prevalence.
Based on surveys of horses examined endoscopically following racing, around 40 to 70% of horses have been reported to have blood in the trachea following a single post-race examination. One of the more recent and larger studies found an overall prevalence of just under 60%. The time at which the examination is carried out can determine whether or not blood is seen. The usual time for examination is 30–40 minutes following exercise. If examination is carried out too soon after exercise then blood may not have progressed from the dorso-caudal (top and back) of the lung into the trachea. If the examination is carried out too long after exercise then any blood may have moved up the trachea and been swallowed and therefore not be visible at the time of examination. In one study (Birks et al. 2002), when horses were endoscoped on at least three separate occasions following racing, all horses had blood in the trachea on at least one occasion.
Epistaxis (blood coming from one or both nostrils) is much less common. In a survey of over 220,000 horse starts in UK Flat and National Hunt (jump) racing, 185 cases of epistaxis were identified giving a frequency of 0.83/1000 starts. Similar frequencies have been reported for epistaxis in Japan (1.5 per 1000 starts) and South Africa (1.65 per 1000 starts). However a study of racehorses in Korea reported a much higher frequency (8.4 per 1000 starts).
It is believed that nearly all horses experience EIPH when exposed to strenuous exercise, and it has the potential to decrease lung function over time. However, there are no documented cases of bleeding in wild horses when rounded up with helicopters from mountain tops in pens miles away.
Clinical signs.
Epistaxis is diagnosed when blood is visible at either or both nostrils during or following exercise. To confirm whether the blood is from the upper or lower airway requires further examination by endoscopy, although in some cases it is not possible to determine the location. In the majority of epistaxis cases, the blood originates from the lung. Epistaxis during or following exercise can less commonly occur as a result of upper airway hemorrhage, for example following head trauma. Poor athletic performance, frequent swallowing and coughing in the immediate post-exercise recovery period may be suggestive of EIPH. But, a definitive diagnosis can only be made by endoscopic examination of the trachea. In the case where no blood is visible in the trachea, EIPH in the small airways may still be present and can be confirmed by a broncho-alveolar lavage.
Diagnosis.
Post mortem.
Lungs of horses that have experienced repeated episodes of EIPH show a characteristic blue-gray-brown staining when examined post mortem. The staining is due to the presence of haemosiderin. The staining is usually most intense in the dorso-caudal region of the left and right diaphragmatic lobes. There are often distinct borders between healthy lung tissue and those parts of the lungs that have been affected by EIPH.
Etiology.
A variety of different causes of EIPH have been proposed. These include high pulmonary vascular pressure, upper airway obstruction, mechanical trauma, lower airway obstruction, inflammation, abnormalities of blood coagulation, inhomogeneity of ventilation and locomotory trauma. To date most theories have been unable to explain why EIPH occurs in the dorso-caudal lung and the pattern of progression in a cranial direction.
High pulmonary blood pressures.
The most widely accepted theory at present is that high transmural pressures lead to pulmonary capillary stress failure. Pulmonary capillary transmural pressure is determined by pulmonary capillary pressure and airway pressure. The horse has very high pulmonary vascular pressures during intense exercise; commonly exceeding 100mmHg in the pulmonary artery during intense exercise. During expiration the high positive pressures in the pulmonary blood vessels pushing out are opposed by high positive airway pressures pushing back and this does not place undue stress on the thin blood vessel walls. During inspiration the high positive pressures in the pulmonary blood vessels pushing out are met by negative pressures distending the blood vessel and placing increased stress on the walls.
Studies in vitro have demonstrated that significant disruption of the pulmonary capillaries occurs at pressures of approximately 80 mmHg. In vivo it has also been shown that significant EIPH occurs above a mean pulmonary artery pressure of around 80-95 mmHg. On the basis of this theory, any factor or disease that would increase pulmonary vascular pressures (e.g. hypervolaemia) or increase the magnitude of the negative pressures in the lung during inspiration (e.g. dynamic upper airway obstruction) would be expected to increase the severity of EIPH. But neither experimentally induced laryngeal hemiplegia nor dorsal displacement of the soft palate increased pulmonary capillary transmural pressure.
Furthermore, the magnitude of exercise-induced pulmonary arterial, capillary and venous hypertension is reportedly similar in horses either with or without EIPH.
Locomotory associated trauma.
An alternative theory for EIPH is based on locomotory forces. The theory is based on the fact that during galloping, the absence of any bone attachment of the forelegs to the spine in the horse causes the shoulder to compress the cranial rib cage (Schroter et al. 1998). The compression of the chest initiates a pressure wave of compression and expansion which spreads outwards. However, due to the shape of the lung and reflections off the chest wall, the wave of expansion and compression becomes focussed and amplified in the dorso-caudal lung (Schroter et al. 1999). The alternate expansion and compression at the microscopic level in adjacent areas of lung tissue creates shear stress and capillary disruption. The theory predicts that hemorrhage would be more severe on hard track surfaces, but it does not explain why EIPH can occur in horses during swimming exercise.
Veno-Occlusive remodelling.
A new proposal as to how high pulmonary venous pressures lead to the capillary rupture and the tissue changes observed has recently been proposed. Regional veno-occlusive remodeling, especially within the caudodorsal lung fields, contributes to the pathogenesis of EIPH, with the venous remodeling leading to regional vascular congestion and hemorrhage, hemosiderin accumulation, fibrosis, and bronchial angiogenesis.
EIPH is most likely a multi-factorial condition involving airway, vascular, cardiac and locomotory components.
Risk Factors.
While all horses undertaking intense exercise experience some degree of EIPH, some horses consistently experience greater haemorrhage and other horses experience isolated episodes of increased EIPH. In the case of horses that consistently demonstrate greater severity of EIPH this is most likely due to congenital factors, such as very high pulmonary vascular pressures. In horses that experience isolated episodes of increased severity of EIPH, possible contributing factors may include, amongst others, pulmonary infection or atrial fibrillation.
Effects on Performance.
Epistaxis has been shown to have a marked negative effect on performance. However the effects of endoscopically diagnosed EIPH on performance have been less clear, with conflicting studies reporting a negative, none, and in some cases a positive effect on performance. While single bouts of EIPH may not even be apparent to the rider, owner or trainer of a horse unless an endoscopic examination is undertaken, the effect on performance within a single race appears to be significant but relatively subtle. In a 2005 study, horses finishing races with grade 4 EIPH were on average 6 metres behind those finishing with grade 0. However, the effect of repeated bouts of EIPH that occur with daily training may lead to more significant changes and a greater degree of tissue damage over time with consequent loss of lung function.
Management and Treatment.
A wide variety of treatments have been used or suggested for treatment of EIPH, including resting, anti-inflammatories (e.g. corticosteroids), bronchodilators, anti-hypertensive agents (including nitric oxide donors and phosphodiesterase inhibitors), conjugated estrogens (e.g. Premarin), antifibrinolytics (e.g. aminocaproic acid and tranexamic acid), snake venom, aspirin, vitamin K, bioflavinoids, diuretics (e.g. furosemide, known as Lasix or Salix), nasal strips (e.g. FLAIR Nasal Strips), concentrated equine serum and omega-3 fatty acids.
Both the diuretic furosemide and, to a much lesser extent, FLAIR Nasal Strips have been reported to reduce EIPH under laboratory and field conditions.
In two separate studies, the anticholinergic bronchodilator ipratropium bromide was demonstrated either to abolish or to significantly reduce endoscopically visible EIPH in horses which previously had bled consistently. Ipratropium inhibits bronchoconstriction and bronchial mucus secretion but it does not diffuse into the blood when administered by inhalation, so side-effects such as cardiovascular stimulation are not apparent. Further clinical investigation of its application in the management of EIPH would seem to be indicated.
A single study has shown that concentrated equine serum reduced EIPH, but there is currently no evidence to suggest that either rest, anti-inflammatory drugs, bioflavinoids, oestrogens, antifibrinolytics, aspirin, phosphodieterase inhibitors or surgical correction of upper airway obstructions are capable of doing so. In contrast, nitric oxide and aminocaproic acid have been shown to worsen EIPH.
Although furosemide (Lasix) has been used extensively to minimise EIPH, it is believed to be ineffective in 50% of cases. It has been reported to improve racing times in horses both with and without endoscopically visible EIPH, possibly due to a lowering of body weight as a consequence of its potent diuretic action. Less desirable side-effects of its chronic usage include hypokalemia and hypomagnesemia.
The use of Lasix in competing horses is prohibited in some countries and it is regarded as a banned substance by the International Olympic Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="5984849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984849" title="Rule of Rescue">
Rule of Rescue

The Rule of Rescue is a term coined by A.R. Jonsen in 1986 that is used in a variety of bioethics contexts:

</doc>
<doc id="5984858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984858" title="Villa Sciarra">
Villa Sciarra

The Villa Sciarra is a villa in Frascati, Italy. 
Also called "Villa Bel Poggio", the Villa Sciarra was built in 1570 at the orders of Ottaviano Vestri.
The portal gate of the gardens is to ascribe to Nicola Salvi. The main edifice of the villa was destroyed when Frascati was bombed by Americans on September 8, 1943.
The gardens are now a public park.

</doc>
<doc id="5984893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984893" title="Deuter">
Deuter

Deuter is a German New Age instrumentalist and recording artist known for his meditative style that blends Eastern and Western musical styles.
Biography.
Born Georg Deuter in 1945 in post-war Germany in the town of Falkenhagen, he taught himself the guitar, flute, harmonica and "just about every instrument I could get my hands on," though it wasn’t until after a near-fatal car crash in his early twenties that he decided to pursue a career in music. His first release in 1971, titled "D", is widely acknowledged as a Krautrock classic. "D" marked the beginning of Deuter’s spiritual and musical journey, ostensibly paving the way for a new genre of music known as New Age, which combined acoustic and electronic elements with ethnic instrumentation and nature sounds, such as whale and bird song, the open sea, wind in the trees, etc.
During the 1970s and 1980s Deuter, after travelling extensively in Asia in search of spiritual and creative inspiration, settled for a long time in Pune, India, where under the name Chaitanya Hari he became a neo-sannyasin — a disciple of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, who later changed his name to Osho. With the aid of a multitrack tape machine, living in the neo-sannyas ashram, he produced a series of music tapes to be used in "active meditations", consisting of several "stages" of ten or fifteen minutes each, which range between, and often merge, Indian classical motifs, fiery drums, loops, synthesisers, bells, musique concrète and pastoral acoustic passages. These works, constructed to the master's instructions in consultation with a team of disciples testing the meditation methods, deserve recognition for their purely functional or objective origination as well as for their originality, power and sometimes beauty.
In the early 1990s, Deuter — who always retained his professional name — ended his long standing relationship with Kuckuck, the small record label that had released nearly 20 original Deuter albums in as many years, and relocated to Santa Fe, New Mexico where he signed a deal with New Earth Records, an independent label founded by fellow sannyasin Bhikkhu Schober and Waduda Paradiso. This proved to be a lucrative move for all involved, as Deuter's New Earth Records releases, the majority of them intended to accompany various healing and spiritual practices such as Reiki, massage and meditation or, in the case of "Earth Blue" (2003), a collaboration with the Autostadt Volkswagen factory in Wolfsburg, Germany, have sold well over half a million copies.
Deuter continues to learn and master an ever-expanding array of instruments, including the drums, the shakuhachi flute, the koto, sitar, Tibetan singing bowls, santoor, bouzouki, piano and keyboard. He has recorded and released over 60 albums and claims to have sold more than he can count during the course of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="5984909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984909" title="Glenbrook, County Cork">
Glenbrook, County Cork

Glenbrook () is a village in the townland of Lackaroe, between Passage West and Monkstown in County Cork, Ireland. Monkstown, Glenbrook and Passage West are three close-knit villages side by side along the harbour R610 route. Monkstown is well known for its 18-hole Golf Course, deep-sea fishing, sailing club, restaurants and pubs. The Cross River Ferry at Glenbrook conveniently links the Owenabue Valley with East Cork, Fota Island & Cobh which has magnificent scenery and heritage centres.
History.
Glenbrook was originally a seaside resort with buildings like the Turkish Bath-houses which became established there. The first of these was the Royal Victoria Monkstown and Passage Baths, which opened in 1838. This was followed by Dr Timothy Curtin's Hydropathic Establishment. and a beach in front of the houses. Passage West, which is also steeped in history with its maritime tradition is right next to Glenbrook and the two are presently indistinguishable to anybody with knowledge of the are because there is no obvious border between the two. It is from here that Captain Roberts set out and crossed the Atlantic in the first passenger steamship, "The Sirius". A plaque, along with a piece of the ship proudly commemorates this journey next to the Cross River Ferry in Glenbrook. The old railway line, once a bustling method of transport ferrying customers to the summer resort town and the Turkish baths, is now a pleasant walk offering scenic vistas of Cork Harbour. The path is often used by locals at all hours of the day and recently has been updated with informative signs at various points relaying information about the history of the region and the line with old pictures and descriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="5984910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984910" title="Kill the Rhythm (Like a Homicide)">
Kill the Rhythm (Like a Homicide)


</doc>
<doc id="5984912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984912" title="New Cathedral of Coimbra">
New Cathedral of Coimbra

The New Cathedral of Coimbra (Portuguese: Sé Nova de Coimbra) or the Cathedral of the Holy name of Jesus is the current bishopric seat of the city of Coimbra, in Portugal. The Cathedral is located near the historical University of Coimbra in the upper part of the town ("Alta de Coimbra"). 
History.
The New Cathedral was, originally, the church of the Jesuit Formation house of Coimbra, established in the city in 1543. In 1759, the Jesuit Order was banned from Portugal by the Marquis of Pombal, Prime-Minister of King José I. 
In 1772, the bishopric seat was transferred from the old Romanesque Cathedral of the city (now called the Old Cathedral of Coimbra) to the vacant, spacious and more modern Jesuit church.
The church architecture was influential in the Portuguese colonial world. The façade of the former Jesuit church of Salvador, in colonial Brazil, (now the Cathedral of Salvador), built in the 17th century, seems inspired by the Jesuit church of Coimbra.
Description.
The niches of the façade of the New Cathedral carry statues of four Jesuit saints. The Baroque decoration of the upper part of the façade, finished in the beginning of the 18th century, contrasts with the lower part, which follows a rigid Mannerist style. The church has two bell towers located just behind the main façade and a dome over the crossing.
The interior, covered with barrel vaulting, has one nave with several lateral chapels and a transept with a dome and cupola. Both transept arms and the main chapel of the apse are decorated with huge, magnificent gilt wood altarpieces built between the 17th and 18th centuries which are fine examples of the so-called "national" Portuguese artarpiece style. The lateral chapels of the nave have altarpieces in Mannerist and Baroque styles.
The 17th-century choir stalls of the main chapel were brought from the Old Cathedral, as well as the beautiful stone baptismal font, carved by "Pero" and "Felipe Henriques" in late Gothic-manueline style in the beginning of the 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5984917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984917" title="Nokia 6650">
Nokia 6650

The Nokia 6650 was the world's first 3G phone supporting the W-CDMA 2100 MHz band, announced by Nokia in late 2002. A 1900 MHz version known as the 6651 was released for the North American market soon after.
With an appearance very similar to that of the Nokia 6100, but with a larger screen and external antenna. The 6650 uses the Nokia Series 40 platform, and is equipped with a VGA camera and supports Java ME applications.

</doc>
<doc id="5984918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984918" title="Michael Roe (historian)">
Michael Roe (historian)

Owen Michael Roe (born 5 February 1931 — ) is an Australian historian and academic, focusing on Australian history.
Educated at Caulfield Grammar School (he was dux of the school in 1948), Roe attended the University of Melbourne and began studying a combined BA/LL.B. degree. He discontinued law after his first year, and after graduating from his arts degree he studied history Peterhouse at the University of Cambridge. He then undertook doctoral studies in history at the Australian National University on a scholarship.
He became a Professor of History at the University of Tasmania, retiring in 1996. He published several history books during his career, including "A Short History of Tasmania" and "Australia, Britain and Migration 1915-1940".

</doc>
<doc id="5984925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984925" title="Empress Wang Shaoming">
Empress Wang Shaoming

Empress Wang Shaoming (王韶明) was an empress of the Chinese dynasty Southern Qi. Her husband was Xiao Zhaowen, known by his post-removal title of Prince of Hailing.
Wang Shaoming was the daughter of the official Wang Ci (王慈), who came from a noble line with several ancestors being prime ministers, including the Jin prime minister Wang Dao and the Liu Song prime minister Wang Hong. One of her sisters married Emperor Gao's son Xiao Feng (蕭鋒) the Prince of Jiangxia. In 490, when Xiao Zhaowen, grandson of Emperor Gao's son Emperor Wu, was 10 and carried the title Duke of Linru, he married her, and she carried the title Duchess of Linru. In 493, after Emperor Wu died and was succeeded by Xiao Zhaowen's other brother Xiao Zhaoye, Xiao Zhaowen was created the Prince of Xin'an, and Duchess Wang therefore became the Princess of Xin'an. In 494, Xiao Zhaoye's granduncle Xiao Luan assassinated Xiao Zhaoye and made Xiao Zhaowen emperor. Princess Wang was therefore created empress, but later that year, Xiao Luan deposed Xiao Zhaowen and took over himself as emperor (as Emperor Ming). Xiao Zhaowen was reduced to the title of Prince of Hailing, and Empress Wang was demoted to the title of Princess of Hailing. Later that year, Emperor Ming had Xiao Zhaowen poisoned. Nothing further is known about Empress Wang, including when she died or whether she was buried with her husband (whom Emperor Ming had buried with great honors, but not honors due an emperor).

</doc>
<doc id="5984932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984932" title="Bert Hodges">
Bert Hodges

Edward Burton Hodges (May 25, 1917 – January 8, 2001) was a Major League Baseball third baseman. Listed at 5' 11", 170 lb., he batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
Born in Knoxville, Tennessee, Hodges started his minor league career in 1937 with the Elizabethton Betsy Red Sox, playing for them three years before joining the Greenville Buckshots (1940) and the Memphis Chickasaws (1941). He entered the major leagues in 1942 with the Philadelphia Phillies, appearing in eight games from April 14 to 26.
Hodges had two singles in eleven at bats for a .182 average, but did not score a run or drive one in.
He returned to Memphis in 1942 and played one more season with them in 1947. In 797 minor league games, he hit .292 with 234 extra-base hits, including 23 home runs.
Hodges died in Knoxville, Tennessee, at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="5984969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984969" title="Samuel Der-Yeghiayan">
Samuel Der-Yeghiayan

Samuel Der-Yeghiayan (born February 16, 1952) is a United States federal judge for the Northern District of Illinois. Confirmed in 2003, he is noteworthy for being the first Armenian immigrant federal judge in the United States.
Der-Yeghiayan was born in Aleppo, Syria to Armenian parents and raised in Beirut, Lebanon. He received his B.A. in political science from Evangel University in Springfield, Missouri in 1975, and his J.D. from the Franklin Pierce Law Center in Concord, New Hampshire in 1978. He began his legal career as an Honor Law Graduate under the United States Attorney General's Honors Program. He served in various capacities with the Justice Department's Chicago District of Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS), with jurisdiction over the states of Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin, including as a trial attorney from 1978 to 1982, district counsel from 1982 to 2000, and acting district director from 1986 to 1987.
For twenty consecutive years from 1981 to 2000, Der-Yeghiayan received Outstanding Performance Ratings as a U.S. Justice Department Attorney from different Attorneys General of the United States. In 1986, he received the Frank J. McGarr Award of the Federal Bar Association as the Outstanding Federal Government Attorney in Chicago. In 1998, he received the District Counsel of the Year Award from the Commissioner of the INS and Attorney General Janet Reno.
In 2000, Der-Yeghiayan was appointed, under the Clinton administration, an immigration judge in the Department of Justice Executive Office for Immigration Review. He was nominated by President George W. Bush on March 5, 2003, for the district court seat vacated by Marvin E. Aspen, and was unanimously confirmed by the Senate on July 14, 2003. He received his judicial commission on July 15, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5984973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984973" title="Derrick Phelps">
Derrick Phelps

Derrick Michael Phelps (born July 31, 1972) is an American former professional basketball player. At 6'4" and 181 lbs., he played as a point guard.
Phelps attended Christ The King Regional High School in Middle Village, Queens, New York. He was named to the 1990 McDonald's All-American Team. After, he played in the McDonald's All-American game with future UNC teammates Eric Montross, Brian Reese and Clifford Rozier.
He then rose to prominence while playing college basketball for coach Dean Smith at the University of North Carolina. He was named as an All-Atlantic Coast Conference Honorable Mention in 1993, and was named to the 2nd Team in 1994. Phelps was a member of North Carolina's 1993 NCAA National Championship team, as the Tar Heels defeated Michigan 77-71 in the title game. Graduating in 1994, Phelps left college holding two Tar Heel records: most steals in one game (9) and in a career (247). He was also the only player in ACC history with 600 assists, 400 rebounds, and 200 steals.
Phelps was not drafted by an NBA team. He was the sixth overall pick of the 1994 Continental Basketball Association draft by the Chicago Rockers. He did play in three games for the Sacramento Kings in the 1994-95 season. The Vancouver Grizzlies selected him in the 1995 expansion draft, but he did not play for them before they renounced his NBA rights in 1996. He also spent some time during pre-season (but not in any regular season contests) with the Milwaukee Bucks (1994) and Philadelphia 76ers (1997).
In 1996, Phelps signed with the German team TTL uniVersa Bamberg before playing for the CBA's Rockford Lightning.
From 2000–02, he played for ALBA Berlin with former UNC teammate Henrik Rödl (having already played in Telekom Baskets Bonn in 1998–2000). He then played in France for CSP Limoges, returned to Germany, and had a brief stint in 2004 with Śląsk Wrocław in the Polish League. 
Phelps has also played in the Netherlands, in Germany with GHP Bamberg, and in the Russian League for Spartak Primorie Vladivostok.
In the 2009-10 season, he played for Gaz Metan Medias in the Romanian League.
In October 2010, he was named video coordinator for Fordham University's men's basketball team.
He is currently an assistant basketball coach at Columbia University, after spending three seasons as an assistant at Monmouth University.

</doc>
<doc id="5984994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984994" title="Saisen">
Saisen

In Japanese, refers to money offered to the gods or bodhisattvas. It commonly refers to money put in a , a common item at Shinto shrines and Buddhist temples in Japan. 
Used to collect offerings, a "saisen" box is in essence a standard coin box, save for the fact that the top cover is a grate. This design allows coins to be tossed in, while still preventing the money to be retrieved easily. Those with better designs typically have grates made of round bars, or have its top surface act as a slope, allowing the money to slide into the box easily.

</doc>
<doc id="5984999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5984999" title="Coniston railway station, Cumbria">
Coniston railway station, Cumbria

Coniston is a closed railway station at the terminus of a branch line in Coniston, Cumbria, England.
History.
Authorised by Parliament in August 1857 the line to Coniston was open less than two years later in June 1859. The station building was designed by the Lancaster architect E. G. Paley in Swiss chalet style. The station was enlarged between 1888 and 1892 at a cost of over £4,000 (equivalent to £ in ). The train shed was doubled in length and the goods shed was enlarged. A third platform was added in 1896 at a cost of £750 (£ in ). British Railways closed the station and the branch to passengers in 1958 and goods in 1962.
The station was abandoned and left to decay.

</doc>
<doc id="5985027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985027" title="Richard Brown (journalist)">
Richard Brown (journalist)

Richard Brown from Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, is a Canadian journalist.
Career.
Brown is a former high school teacher. He started broadcast journalism with CFRN in Edmonton, Alberta.
In 1981 he was one of the first news presenters of CNN Headline News. He has also presented news at Global TV Toronto, CTV Toronto, WCBS-TV NYC, KGO-TV San Francisco (1990-96), and KXLY-TV Spokane, Washington (1998-2007). He hosted a daily radio talk show on CKOM and CJME in Saskatchewan. In 2013, Brown was appointed Chief Communications Officer for the mayor of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Brown has received eight Emmys, Radio Television News Directors Association and Associated Press awards, and the George Foster Peabody medal for his coverage of the Rwanda Civil War and Refugee Crisis in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5985032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985032" title="Kane Cornes">
Kane Cornes

Kane Graham Cornes (born 5 January 1983) is an Australian rules football player who plays for Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League.
Early life.
A product of Sacred Heart College and Glenelg in the SANFL, he made his AFL debut in 2001 after being selected with pick 20 in the 2000 AFL Draft. Prior to his professional football career he attended Sacred Heart College, which is one of the most prolific schools in Australia in terms of producing Australian Rules footballers. His All Australian brother Chad Cornes also attended Sacred Heart College and played for Glenelg in the SANFL. They are the sons of South Australian football identity Graham Cornes and stepsons of 2007 Labor candidate Nicole Cornes.
AFL career.
Port Adelaide career (2001–present).
In 2001 and 2002, he played in Port Adelaide's two pre season competition winning teams, and then in 2004, the team made the step up, and Kane was in the team that won the 2004 AFL premiership, Port Adelaide's first in the AFL. He continued his good form into 2005 becoming All Australian, and in 2006 played his 100th game for the club in round 7, and topped the AFL Dreamteam competition, despite his team Port Adelaide having a bad year.
In 2007 Kane once again continued his good form, winning All Australian selection for the second time, in a team dominated by Geelong players. He was also the leading possession winner in the AFL, received the most Brownlow votes for the year for Port Adelaide, and won their best and fairest the John Cahill Medal ahead of brother Chad.
2004 was his fourth season in the competition, and he cemented his spot in the midfield averaging 20 disposals a game. Since then it has been all up hill for Kane where he took his 2005 average disposals to 24.6 and has averaged a solid 27 disposals a game since. Kane rarely misses a game with injury and hasn't missed since 2003 until round 4, 2011, where he was omitted ending a streak of 174 consecutive games.
In 2010 Cornes took out his third John Cahill Medal and cemented his place as the club’s Mr Consistent through a new attacking role that went beyond that of merely tagging the opposition’s best players. His 36 possession, 2 goal game against the Western Bulldogs in Round 16 was a highlight in addition to a 38 possession effort against West Coast late in the year.Instrumental in the Power’s late season fortunes, he was well-deserving of his third best and fairest merit and highlighted his durability as a mainstay of the Port Adelaide engine room.
In 2011 Cornes had a difficult season by his standards as he adjusted to a new role which went away from his traditional tagging duties. Playing more on the wing and across halfback, he was sent back to Glenelg in the SANFL with a view to adapting better to the coaching panel’s new expectations. He played 17 games out of a possible 23 despite spending time back at the SANFL Tigers and was serviceable in his ball-winning ability.
Cornes had an impressive return to form in 2012 – playing every game – and playing an exceptional season as a setup midfielder. He won his fourth John Cahill Medal on the back of his season and polled again in the Brownlow Medal votes. As the club’s Mr Consistency he again topped the disposals count for the season. Cornes received high praise for returning to his acclaimed tagging football with top performances on midfield heavyweights Brent Harvey (North Melbourne) and Gary Ablett (Gold Coast).
Cornes reached new heights at the start of the 2013 season, reaching his 250th game against in Round 5, where Port Adelaide came from 41-points down to win 12.12 (84) to 10.19 (79) at AAMI Stadium against the West Coast Eagles. Making the Power have a 5-0 start to the season. He also took over the previous games record holder of Warren Tredrea at 258 games. having another win 19.11 (125) against Greater Western Sydney at Skoda who scored 6.14 (50) for the match. Kane Cornes has played a vital role under Ken Hinkley in reinventing Port Adelaide back to finals in 2013 and helping the Power to the best ever start to an AFL season in 2014, starting 10-1.
Personal Life.
On December 31, 2004, Kane married long-time girlfriend who he met at Sacred Heart, Lucy Cornes. The two have three children together, Eddy Jack (2006), Raphael William (2008), Sonny (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="5985036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985036" title="VII (Just-Ice album)">
VII (Just-Ice album)

VII is the seventh album by old school hip hop/hardcore rapper Just-Ice, it was released in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5985056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985056" title="Fortress Forever">
Fortress Forever

Fortress Forever is a "Half-Life 2" mod that uses the game's Source Engine. The game is based on Team Fortress Classic, but has been created entirely from scratch by the "Fortress Forever" development team. The intended scope of "Fortress Forever" is to please older "Team Fortress Classic" fans, while at the same time creating a game enjoyable enough to players new to "Team Fortress" styled games. 
"Fortress Forever" was released on September 13, 2007. The game is freely available to all who have a Steam account, as Team Fortress 2 is free for all and a Source game. As of May 24, 2013, "Fortress Forever" is on build 2.46. Version 2.46 now incorporates an auto-updater for future client updates. On October 16th 2013, FF has been 'greenlit' on Steam Greenlight, meaning the game will be on Steam (software) soon. 
History.
According to a developer team member, "Fortress Forever" was in development (planning phase) for more than a year before the Half-Life 2 SDK was released.
Notable mentions.
Reviews
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 

</doc>
<doc id="5985069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985069" title="Karandev I">
Karandev I

Karandev I was a Solanki ruler credited with laying the foundation of the city of Karnavati, an old name for the city of Ahmedabad in western India. He waged a successful war against the Bhil king of Ashaval and soon after the victory established Karnavati on the banks of the Sabarmati river at the site of modern Ahmedabad. Karandev married Minaldevi by whom he had a son named Sidhraj.
Popular culture.
The story of Karandev, Minaldevi and their son Siddhraj is depicted in the Gujarati novel "Patan ni prabhuta" by Kanhaiyalal Munshi.

</doc>
<doc id="5985073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985073" title="KPCE-LP">
KPCE-LP

KPCE-LP is a low-power television station in Tucson, Arizona, owned and operated by Word of God Fellowship, the business entity for the Daystar Television Network. It operates in analog on UHF channel 29 with its transmitter in the Tucson Mountains, west of downtown Tucson.
History.
An original construction permit for low-power television station K29CO, channel 29, was granted to Hispanic Broadcasters of Arizona, Inc. on October 2, 1997. It was to be a Spanish-language station, rebroadcasting Tucson-area station K14HR (now KUDF-LP) from the Santa Rita Mountains near Green Valley, its community of license. In November 2000, before the station signed on, Hispanic Broadcasters sold the permit to Good News Radio Broadcasting, Inc. of Green Valley (later Good Music, Inc.), owners of six radio stations in Tucson and Douglas. Good News Radio Broadcasting immediately changed the station's callsign to KPCE-LP and licensed the station three months later, on February 16, 2001, as a Daystar Television Network affiliate. After a few years of operation, the station went silent and in September 2005, Word of God Fellowship, Inc. acquired the license from Good Music, returning the station to air in May 2006. In June 2005, the FCC granted KPCE-LP a permit to construct new facilities at the antenna farm in the Tucson Mountains and to change their city of license to Tucson. The station completed construction and began broadcasting in June 2008, giving KPCE-LP much greater coverage in the Tucson metropolitan area.

</doc>
<doc id="5985085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985085" title="Novaya Ladoga">
Novaya Ladoga

Novaya Ladoga () is a town in Volkhovsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located at the point where the Volkhov River flows into Lake Ladoga, east of St. Petersburg. Population: 
History.
The Nikolo-Medvedsky (St. Nicholas) Monastery stood on the site of the modern town since the 15th century, but the nearby "sloboda" was long overshadowed by the first Russian capital, Staraya Ladoga, located just a few miles upstream. In 1702–1704, during the Great Northern War, Peter the Great established a shipyard there, fortified the monastery, and ordered the population of Staraya Ladoga to relocate to the nearby village. Town rights were granted to it in 1704. The newly founded town grew in importance in connection with construction of the Ladoga Canal and Volga-Baltic Waterway in the 18th and 19th centuries.
In 1719, Novaya Ladoga was included to St. Petersburg Governorate. In 1727, separate Novgorod Governorate was split off, and in 1773 Novoladozhsky Uyezd, with its seat in Novaya Ladoga, was established. In 1776, the area was transferred to Novgorod Viceroyalty and in 1781, it was moved back into St. Petersburg Governorate. On December 9, 1922, the administrative center of the uyezd was moved to the "selo" of Gostinopolye, which was renamed Volkhov and was granted town status. The uyezd was renamed Volkhovsky. In 1924, the changes were rolled back, the administrative center moved to Novaya Ladoga, and Volkhov was demoted to a "selo" (which was eventually renamed Gostinopolye). The name of the uyezd, however, remained Volkhovsky.
On August 1, 1927, the uyezds were abolished and Volkhovsky District, with the administrative center in the urban-type settlement of Zvanka, was established. The governorates were also abolished and the district became a part of Leningrad Okrug of Leningrad Oblast. On July 23, 1930, the okrugs were abolished as well and the districts were directly subordinated to the oblast.
On March 20, 1946, Novoladozhsky District with the administrative center located in Novaya Ladoga was split off Volkhovsky District. On February 1, 1963, Novoladozhsky District was abolished and merged into Volkhovsky District.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is, together with four rural localities, incorporated within Volkhovsky District as Novoladozhskoye Settlement Municipal Formation. As a municipal division, Novoladozhskoye Settlement Municipal Formation is incorporated within Volkhovsky Municipal District as Novoladozhskoye Urban Settlement.
Economy.
Industry.
Industrial facilities in Novaya Ladoga include shipyards and food industry enterprises.
Transportation.
The M18 Highway, connecting St. Petersburg and Murmansk, passes close to Novaya Ladoga. In Kiselnya, close to Novaya Ladoga, a highway heading to Vologda via Tikhvin and Cherepovets branches off. The town is also connected by a road to Volkhov, with a regular bus traffic.
The Volkhov River is navigable within the district; however, there is no passenger navigation. In the beginning of the 19th century, a system of canals bypassing Lake Ladoga were built, which at the time were a part of Mariinsky Water System, connecting the Neva River and the Volga River. In particular, the Syas Canal connects the Syas and the Volkhov. The New Ladoga Canal connects the Volkhov and the Neva. It replaced the Old Ladoga Canal, built by Peter the Great, which thus became disused and decayed. The canals collectively are known as the Ladoga Canal.
Culture and recreation.
The district contains seven cultural heritage monuments of federal significance and additionally five objects classified as cultural and historical heritage of local significance. The federal monuments are the trading arcades, the Nikolo-Medvedsky Monastery, the monument erected to commemorate the opening of the Ladoga Canal, as well as two buildings related to the activities of Alexander Suvorov, who was a regiment commander in Novaya Ladoga, and the building hosted the headquarters of the Ladoga Military Flotilla during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="5985087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985087" title="Tod Murphy">
Tod Murphy

Tod James Murphy (born December 24, 1963) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Seattle SuperSonics in the 3rd round (53rd overall) of the 1986 NBA Draft. A 6'9" center-forward from the University of California, Irvine, Murphy played in 5 NBA seasons for 4 different teams. He played for the Los Angeles Clippers, Minnesota Timberwolves, Detroit Pistons and Golden State Warriors.
In his NBA career, Murphy played in 191 games and scored a total of 1,049 points. On March 17, 1990, as a member of the Timberwolves, he scored a career-high 24 points against the Los Angeles Lakers.
After serving as an assistant coach for his alma mater at UC Irvine, Murphy was announced as the head coach at Gordon College on June 16, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5985090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985090" title="French submarine Argonaute (S636)">
French submarine Argonaute (S636)

"Argonaute" (S636) is an "Aréthuse"-class submarine, and the fourth ship of the French Navy to bear the name. 
Launched on 23 October 1958, she served as flagship within the Toulon submarine squadron, and spent over 2,000 days at sea and over 32,000 hours underwater. She was decommissioned on 31 July 1982.
After extensive discussions beginning in 1982, in 1989 the "Argonaute" was transferred from Toulon via Gibraltar to Le Havre, then through the seven locks of the Saint-Denis Canal. Once at the quay on the Canal de l'Ourcq, she was lifted from the water by cranes and transported by trailer to her current site. 
The "Argonaute" opened to the public in 1991, outside the "Cité des sciences et de l'industrie", 30 Avenue Corentin Cariou, in the 19th arrondissement of Paris. The interior is open daily except Mondays and national holidays; an admission fee is charged.

</doc>
<doc id="5985099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985099" title="Anna Dolidze">
Anna Dolidze

Anna Dolidze () is a lawyer from the Republic of Georgia and a sought-after speaker and writer on law and human rights in Caucasus and Central Eurasia.
In 2004–2006 Dolidze was the President of the Georgian Young Lawyers' Association, the leading human rights organization in Georgia. Dolidze targeted legal reform, advocated for government transparency, accountability, and criminal justice reform. Dolidze represented in court the victims of human rights abuses, including journalist Irakli Imnaishvili, "rebel judges" (four Justices of the Supreme Court that refused to resign under pressure), Anna Dolidze was a leader of the social movement to punish murderers of Sandro Girgvliani.
She served on boards of a number of important organizations in Georgia, such as the Georgia Media Council, the Stakeholders Committee of the Millennium Challenge Corporation in Georgia, the Human Rights Monitoring Council of the Penitentiary and Detention Places, and the National Commission against Trafficking in Persons.
In 2013 Dolidze received a Doctorate in Law from Cornell University and was appointed Assistant Professor of Law at the University of Western Ontario.
Public appearances.
Dolidze frequently appears on Georgian media to comment about the issues of law, justice, and human rights 
Dolidze has been quoted in "the Wall Street Journal", the "Washington Post", and in dozens of legal publications, on radio and television on issues related to Georgia and the former Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="5985104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985104" title="The GC5">
The GC5

The GC5 (Grady Coffee Five) was a punk rock band from Mansfield, Ohio, formed in 1997 and split in 2003. 
The GC5 provided a political charge to their music comparable to that of The Clash and Stiff Little Fingers. Lyrics included themes of social and political discontent, leftist politics, and the struggle of the working class. In 2000, The GC5 released their debut album "Kisses From Hanoi", and in 2001, the band released the EP "Horseshoes and Handgrenades". In 2002, the band released the album "Never Bet the Devil Your Head". While most definitely presenting the sound of the streetpunk genre, the album was noted for not relying on the street fighting, hard-drinking themes that overruns many of the genre's songs. In 2003, Thick Records re-released their two albums "Kisses From Hanoi" (which was out of print) and "Horseshoes and Handgrenades" (which was originally only available as an import) on one CD. It was the final release from the band. After splitting up Doug and Dave formed Motel Blonde together with Ryan Foltz, who just left the Dropkick Murphys. Motel Blonde didn't last long and broke up in March 2004. Doug then joined Rosavelt on the bass guitar, and formed Doug McKean & The Stuntmen a year later. Dave is now playing with The Magpies.

</doc>
<doc id="5985107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985107" title="1890 in Australia">
1890 in Australia


</doc>
<doc id="5985110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985110" title="Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway">
Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway

The Bombay, Baroda, and Central India Railway (BB&CI) was a company incorporated in 1855 to undertake the task of constructing a railway line between Bombay and Vadodara in India. BB&CI completed the work in 1864. The first suburban railway in India was started by BB&CI, operating between Virar and Colaba, a station in Bombay Backbay in 1867. 
Electrification.
The Colaba-Borivali section (37.8 km) was electrified on 5 January, 1928 on the 1.5 kV DC system. The two tracks between Colaba and Grant Road stations were electrified, while four tracks between Grant Road and Bandra railway stations were electrified. Only two suburban tracks between Bandra and Borivli were electrified in 1928, two main tracks were left for the steam locomotives. In 1933, Colaba station and two electrified tracks between Colaba and Churchgate railway stations were dismantled. In 1936, electrification was extended to the two main tracks between Bandra and Borivali stations, left earlier and the two main tracks between Borivali and Virar stations were also electrified, resulting in completion of the electrification of the Churchgate-Virar section.
Later developments.
In year 1949, after independence of India, Gaekwar's Baroda State Railway was merged in to
Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway by Government of India.
Around 1910, Bagol initially was the only Railway station on proposed Udaipur–Phulad Railway line by Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway (BB&CI). Unfortunately due to some Government planning the work of extending the railway line via Bagol was stopped, though the railway building still exists in Bagol which is now under Forest Department.
On 5th November, 1951 the Bombay, Baroda, and Central India Railway was merged with the Saurashtra Railway, Rajputana Railway, Jaipur Railway and Cutch State Railway to give rise to the Western Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="5985114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985114" title="Golmud (disambiguation)">
Golmud (disambiguation)

Golmud may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5985119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985119" title="Alexandru Tudose">
Alexandru Tudose

Alexandru Tudose (born 3 April 1987) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a centre back. 

</doc>
<doc id="5985120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985120" title="VIP Brother 1">
VIP Brother 1

VIP Brother 1 was the first season of the Big Brother's spin-off VIP Brother. In it, the Housemates are only famous people. The show follows the main Big Brother rules, but with some changes. For example, in VIP Brother the show's duration is shorter - a month (29 Days - like in most of the countries it is aired in). The nominations and evictions are twice a week. 
VIP Brother 1 Bulgaria started on 13 March 2006 and ended on 10 April 2006. The hosts were Niki Kunchev and Evelina Pavlova. The show was aired on Nova Television. The winner was the pop-folk singer Konstantin, who was chosen by 78% of the audience. He won 50 000 leva.
Housemates.
Dicho.
Dicho Todorov Hristov is a musician and a singer. He is from Sofia. He entered the house on Day 1 and finished in third place on Day 29.
Dim Dukov.
Damaskin (Dim) Stoyanov Dukov is a manager (currently TV host). He is from Sofia. He entered the house on Day 1 and finished in fifth place on Day 29. 
After his participation in VIP Brother 1, Dim became host of the show Big Brother's Big Mouth.
Galya "KariZma".
Galina Kurdova is a singer from the famous pop-duet "KariZma". Currently she lives in Sofia (previously in Yambol). She was born in Sibir. Galya entered the house on Day 1 and left voluntarily on Day 19.
Galya Litova.
Galya Litova is a model. She is from Sofia (born in Varna). She entered the house on Day 1 and left voluntarily on Day 10. Her ex-fiance Dicho was also a participant in the show.
Kiril Valchev.
Kiril Nikolov Valchev is a businessman from Sofia. He entered the house on Day 1 and finished in sixth place on Day 29.
Konstantin.
Konstantin Ivanov Slavchev is a singer from Sofia. He entered the house on Day 1 with his girlfriend Rayna. Konstantin became a winner on Day 29.
LiLana.
LiLana is a singer. She is from Sofia. She entered the house on Day 1 and was evicted on Day 27, after receiving the least number of viewers' votes during the final week.
Lyubomir Milchev.
Lyubomir Milchev 'Dandy' is a writer. He lives in Sofia (previously in Pernik), but he was born in Dupnica. He entered the house on Day 1 and left voluntarily on Day 19.
Mityo.
Dimitar Vasilev Marinov 'Pishtova' is from Batak. He entered the house on Day 1 and finished in fourth place on Day 29.
Rayna.
Rayna is a pop-folk singer. She is from Sandanski. She entered the house on Day 1 and was the first evicted housemate on Day 15. During her 15 days on the show she was the subject of public scrutiny for her actions and behavior.
Vesela Neynska.
Vesela Neynska is a singer and an actress. She is from Sofia. She entered the house on Day 1 and left voluntarily on Day 8.
Violeta and Danaya.
Violeta Slavcheva Zdravkova is a model. She is Miss Bulgaria 1999. She is from Sofia. 
Violeta entered the house on Day 1 with her 3-years daughter Danaya. There was a special room for the child. Danaya left the House on Day 12 to spend the weekend with her father, and returned on Day 15. On Day 22, Violeta's mother took the child out of the House. 
Violeta finished in second place on Day 29.

</doc>
<doc id="5985123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985123" title="Intact Media Group">
Intact Media Group

INTACT is the first Romanian media group based entirely on a private local business. A considerable number of the most important brands in the audio-visual and print industry have been launched under this umbrella since its first product, Intact Printing House was established in 1991.
Member companies.
As of July 2011, the companies that are part of the Intact group are:

</doc>
<doc id="5985124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985124" title="Christopher Jacobs">
Christopher Jacobs

Christopher Jacobs or Chris Jacobs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5985143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985143" title="Sportsgirl">
Sportsgirl

Sportsgirl is a women's clothing chain, owned and operated by the Sussan Retail Group in Australia.
The first Sportsgirl stores were opened in 1948 in Melbourne, as a younger, more fun alternative to the more conservative sister label Sportscraft. Since that time, the Sportsgirl brand has grown from a few boutique stores to a major Australian fashion brand.
History.
1940s and 1950s.
The first Sportsgirl store was opened in 1948 in Swanston Street, Melbourne, by the Bardas family. The Bardras family was also manufacturers of the Sportscraft clothing label, sold through department stores. At the time of opening the Swanston Street store, the Bardas family had no other retail outlets.
In 1956, the year of the Melbourne Olympics, the rent on the Swanston Street property was raised and the family moved the Sportsgirl shop to Collins Street, Melbourne. In 1959, the Bardas family purchased this property when it came onto the market, and the acquisition of this prominent flagship site became a significant element in Sportsgirl's retailing and business strategy.
Sportsgirl gradually grows a network of stores in Melbourne, specialising in providing the latest fashion trends from overseas. It offers younger women a livelier option than its more conservative sibling label Sportscraft.
1960s.
In the 1960s, Sportsgirl emerged as a leader in the Australian fashion industry by successfully developing a brand image and a store identity that moved fashion retail away from the concept of established department stores to the concept of the lifestyle fashion boutique. 
Sportsgirl used interior design, visual merchandising, graphic design, and advertising to build its fashion brand into one that appealed to the emerging youth market of the 1960s.
As well as carefully choosing overseas imports, Sportsgirl sourced its fashion lines from young Australian designers. It also employed heavy use of print advertising and merchandising display to create a Sportsgirl identity that linked its clothing lines to a set of lifestyle values and accessories. 
In 1960, Sportsgirl opened a Sydney flagship store on Pitt Street.
1970s.
In the 1970s, Sportsgirl continued opening stores in locations throughout Australia. It continued its heavy use of mass advertising through print and media advertising that linked fashion with lifestyle images.
Sportsgirl adopts the developing methods of mass marketing. It capitalises on the power of linking fashion with exciting images.
Sportsgirl advertising campaigns and its own in-store magazines combine attention grabbing photography with memorable slogans and lifestyle concepts.
Sportsgirl uses special events, in-store parades and promotions to pump excitement into fashion.
Internationally acclaimed illustrator Antonio is brought to Australia by Sportsgirl, who use his drawings to promote a ground breaking parade/event held in two circus tents.
Make-up artists Way Bandy and Regis are brought to Australia to give public demonstrations of the latest fashion looks.
Sportsgirl blazes through as one of the first fashion retailers to sell homewares, body and beauty products.
1980s.
By the 1980s, Sportsgirl had over 100 stores throughout Australia.
The Melbourne and Sydney flagship stores opened their own in-store cafes.
Frontline (not to be confused with the television series of the same name) is launched as Sportsgirl’s very own magazine.
Healthworks cafes open in Melbourne and Sydney flagship stores. Sportsgirl picked up on the concept of Lifestyle and had in-store cafes long before other retailers.
Flagship stores include an in-store travel club.
Sportsgirl cosmetics and perfumes are launched.
Sportsgirl stocks fledgling Australian designers and labels. Many of them go on to become fashion industry stars including Prue Acton, Trent Nathan, Norma Tullo, Simona and Country Road.
Many Sportsgirl employees go on to make their own mark within the industry, such as Craig Kimberley, founder of Just Jeans.
A department within Sportsgirl called Bigi in the hottest young fashion, especially PM wear. Bigi took its name from Bergdorf Goodman, the famous US department store.
Many label subsidiaries to Sportsgirl are launched, including David Lawrence, Elle B, SG Essentials, Metro, Bush Telegraph.
The Sportsgirl network grows Australia wide to number over 100 stores.
1990s.
1991, Sportsgirl opens the beautiful and expensive ($180 million) Sportsgirl Centre in Collins Street. In Melbourne 1994, a change in the economic climate forces the company to sell the Sportsgirl Centre.
David Bardas leaves the company and it is sold to an alliance of South African company Truworths and Australian Frank Whitford, managing director of Sportsgirl.
Stores are opened in New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong and Thailand. Expansion continues despite difficult retailing conditions. Labels Sportscraft, Sportsgirl and David Lawrence are split into separate stores, and new store fit-outs are implemented across Australia.
Substantial investment is made in developing the profiles of the individual brands. Sportsgirl lures supermodel Claudia Schiffer to appear in the Sportsgirl parade at the Melbourne Fashion Festival.
In early 1999 Whitford’s offer to buy out Truworths fails and in late 1999 the Sportsgirl Sportscraft Group is sold in pieces.
2000s.
In 2000 and under new management by the Sussan Corporation, Sportsgirl launches a new look for its stores, with the first unveiled at Chadstone shopping centre in Melbourne.
Sportsgirl launches its new connection campaign ‘make your own way there’ ditching the traditional ‘ideal women’ image for real and risqué images including tattoos, naked women on horseback and women kissing. A revamped and irreverent Sportsgirl website experience is unleashed onto the Internet.
Sportsgirl creates a real, fun and memorable experience for its audience both in-store and beyond.
2007 - Sportsgirl launched its rewind range. It brought back some of its classic pieces from the 80s such as the Sportsgirl logo tee, beach towels and duffle bags which were iconic for the label.
2009 - Sportsgirl launches the label 'Romance Was Born' in stores featuring music from Melbourne indie/electro band Neon Knights (band)
2012 - Sportsgirl unveiled its latest digital strategy the ‘window shop’ a concept which allows for 24/7 shopping where products are displayed on the shopfront’s windows, and customers can scan the products QR code with their smartphone or iPad to make an immediate purchase. Sportsgirl appoints Tailor Maid Communications to cover the companies media and press enquiries.

</doc>
<doc id="5985146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985146" title="Giulio Falcone">
Giulio Falcone

Giulio Falcone (born 31 May 1974) is an Italian footballer.
He signed for U.C. Sampdoria on free transfer in 2003.
Falcone made his Italy national team debut with Sampdoria teammates Christian Terlizzi, Gennaro Delvecchio, and Angelo Palombo in a 2-0 loss to Croatia in Livorno, on August 16, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5985159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985159" title="Saint Paraskevi">
Saint Paraskevi

Saint Paraskevi (, literally "Preparation" as the day of preparation for Sabbath, i.e. Friday) can refer to several saints (Greek: Αγία Παρασκευή, "Aghia Paraskevi"; ; ; ; ; ; ).
Variations of the name include Petka, Paraskeva, Praskovia, Praskovie, Pyatnitsa, Pyetka, Paraskevoula, Paraschiva Voula, Vivi and Evi.
Saints with this name include: 
Churches dedicated to Saint Paraskevi.
In Albania:
In Belarus:
In Bulgaria:
In Canada:
In Croatia:
In Greece:
In Serbia:
In Ukraine:
In United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5985169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985169" title="Fidelma Macken">
Fidelma Macken

Fidelma O'Kelly Macken (born 1942) is a retired judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland. She was appointed a High Court judge in 1998. She succeeded John L. Murray, Chief Justice since July 2004, as Ireland's appointee on the European Court of Justice (ECJ) from 5 October 1999 to 22 September 2004. Appointed initially for a five-year term, she was the first female appointee to the ECJ but had her mandate renewed in 2003. She was reappointed a justice of the High Court on 18 October 2004 on her return to Ireland. She served a Supreme Court judge from 2005 to 2012.
Macken was educated at King's Inns and Trinity College. She became a barrister in 1972; practiced as legal adviser, Patents and Trade Marks Agents (1973–1979) and became a Senior Counsel in 1995. 
As a lawyer, she specialised on medical defence work and pharmaceutical actions. She acted as defence counsel in a series of cases brought by children against whooping cough vaccine manufacturers for damage allegedly caused by the vaccine. The Supreme Court nominated her to act in three referrals by the President of Ireland querying the constitutionality of new legislation before she became a judge.
She has been a lecturer in Legal Systems and Methods and "Averil Deverell Lecturer in Law" at Trinity College Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="5985171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985171" title="Culture of West Bengal">
Culture of West Bengal

The culture of West Bengal is an Indian Culture which has its roots in the Bengali literature, music, fine arts, drama and cinema. People of West Bengal share their cultural heritage with the neighbouring Bangladesh (erstwhile known as East Bengal). West Bengal and Bangladesh together form the historical and geographical region of Bengal, with common linguistic and ethnic backgrounds. Besides the common cultural characteristics, different geographic regions of West Bengal have subtle as well as more pronounced variations between each other, with Darjeeling Himalayan hill region showing particularly different cultural aspect.
West Bengal's capital Kolkata—as the former capital of India—was the birthplace of modern Indian literary and artistic thought, and is referred to as the "cultural literary capital of India". The presence of "paras", which are neighbourhoods that possess a strong sense of community, is characteristic of West Bengal. Typically, each "para" has its own community club and, on occasion, a playing field. Residents engage in "addas", or leisurely chats, that often take the form of freestyle intellectual conversation. West Bengal has a long tradition of popular literature, music and drama largely based on Bengali folklore and Hindu epics and Puranas. 
Religion, specially Hinduism, the principal religion at 72.5% of the total population, plays a vital role in the culture of West Bengal. Durga Puja, a five-day annual autumnal celebration of Hindu goddess Durga’s victory over Mahishasura, a Minotaur-like demon, is the biggest festival of the state. The Festival of Kali, the guardian deity of Bengal, is also celebrated with great enthusiasm. Other important festivals include the seasonal festivals introduced by Rabindranath Tagore, book fairs, film and drama festivals and traditional village fairs etc.
West Bengal is home to two of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites (Sundarban National Park and Darjeeling Himalayan Railway).
Literature.
The Bengali language boasts a rich literary heritage, shared with neighbouring Bangladesh. West Bengal has a long tradition in folk literature, evidenced by the "Charyapada", "Mangalkavya", "Shreekrishna Kirtana", "Thakurmar Jhuli", and stories related to Gopal Bhar. In the nineteenth and twentieth
century, Bengali literature was modernized in the works of authors such as Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay, Michael Madhusudan Dutt, Rabindranath Tagore, Kazi Nazrul Islam, and Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay. Coupled with social reforms led by Ram Mohan Roy, Swami Vivekananda, and others, this constituted a major part of the Bengal Renaissance. The middle and latter parts of the 20th century witnessed the arrival of post-modernihttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Culture_of_West_Bengalsm, as well as literary movements such as those espoused by the "Kallol" movement, hungryalists and the little magazines. Jibanananda Das, Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay, Tarashankar Bandopadhyay, Manik Bandopadhyay, Ashapurna Devi, Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay, Buddhadeb Guha, Mahashweta Devi, Samaresh Majumdar, Sanjeev Chattopadhyay and Sunil Gangopadhyay among others are well-known writers of the 20th century.
Theater and films.
Among other types of theater, West Bengal has a tradition of folk drama known as "jatra". Kolkata is the home of the Bengali cinema industry, dubbed "Tollywood" for Tollygunj, where most of the state's film studios are located. Its long tradition of art films includes globally acclaimed film directors such as Academy Award-winning director Satyajit Ray, Ritwik Ghatak, Mrinal Sen, Tapan Sinha, and contemporary directors such as Aparna Sen, Buddhadeb Dasgupta, and Rituparno Ghosh.
Music and dance.
The Baul tradition is a unique heritage of Bengali folk music, which has also been influenced by regional music traditions. Other folk music forms include Gombhira, Bhawaiya, "kirtans", and "Gajan" festival music. Folk music in West Bengal is often accompanied by the ektara, a one-stringed instrument. West Bengal also has an heritage in North Indian classical music. The state is recognised for its appreciation of "rabindrasangeet" (songs written by Rabindranath Tagore) and Indian classical music. Popular music genres include "adhunik" songs. Since the early 1990s, new genres have emerged, including one comprising alternative folk–rock Bengali bands. Another new style, "jibonmukhi gaan" ("songs about life"), is based on realism.
Bengali dance forms draw from folk traditions, especially those of the tribal groups, as well as the broader Indian dance traditions. Chau dance of Purulia is a rare form of mask dance. "Gaudiya Nritya" is a classicalBengali school of Indian dance, originating in Gaur, West Bengal, the ancient capital of the Bengal region. Various forms of Indian classical dances are patronised, as are dances set on the songs of Tagore and Nazrul.
Attire.
Though Bengali women traditionally wear the "sari", the "shalwar kameez" and Western attire is gaining acceptance among younger women. Western-style dress has greater acceptance among men, although the traditional "dhoti" and "kurta" are seen during festivals. Like any other metropolis, Kolkata also has an eclectic mix of western wears with a tinge of ethnic wears. People are found dressed in jeans along with kurtas, or saree along with an overcoat.
Cuisine.
West Bengal shares its distinctive culinary tradition with neighbouring Bangladesh, and also borrows from other Indian states. Boiled rice constitutes the staple food, and is served with a variety of vegetables, fried as well with curry, thick lentil soups, and fish and meat preparations of mutton and chicken, and more rarely pork and beef by certain groups. Sweetmeats are mostly milk based, and consist of several delights including "roshgulla", "sandesh", "rasamalai", "gulap jamun", "kalo jamun", and "chom-chom". Several other sweet preparations are also available. Bengali cuisine is rich and varied with the use of many specialized spices and flavours. Fish is the dominant source of protein, cultivated in ponds and fished with nets in the fresh-water rivers of the Ganges delta. More than 40 types of mostly freshwater fish are common, including carp, varieties like "rui" (rohu), "katla", "magur" (catfish), "chingŗi" (prawn or shrimp), as well as "shuţki" (dried sea fish) are popular. Salt water fish (not sea fish though) and Ilish ("hilsa ilisha") is very popular among Bengalis, can be called an icon of Bengali cuisine.
Prominent influx of continental, Chinese, Lebanese, Thai and other provincial foods has also occurred and thus resulting in a shift in food choice among the generation Y kids.
Festivals.
Durga Puja in October is the most popular festival in the West Bengal. Poila Baishakh (the Bengali New Year), Rathayatra, Dolyatra or Basanta-Utsab, Nobanno, "Poush Parbon" (festival of Poush), Diwali, Kali Puja, SaraswatiPuja, LaxmiPuja, Christmas, Eid ul-Fitr, Eid ul-Adha and Muharram are other major festivals. Buddha Purnima, which marks the birth of Gautama Buddha, is one of the most important Hindu/Buddhist festivals while Christmas, called "Bôŗodin" (Great day) in Bengali is celebrated by the minority Christian population. Poush mela is a popular festival of Shantiniketan, taking place in winter.
Cultural festivals of Bengal too have a great impact on the overall culture of the state. Pocheeshe Boishakh (25th of Baisakh month) which is the birth date of Rabindra Nath Tagore (7 May 1861) is the most important cultural festival of Bengal celebrated as Rabindra Nath Tagore Jayanti.
Culture of Darjeeling Himalayan hill region.
Apart from the major Hindu religious festivals like Diwali, Dussera, Holi, Ram Navami, the diverse ethnic populace of Darjeeling Himalayan hill region celebrates several local festivals. The Tibetan ethnic groups like the Lepchas, Bhutias, Gurungs, and Tamangs celebrate new year called Losar in January/February, Maghe Sankranti, Chotrul Duchen, Buddha Jayanti, and Tendong Lho Rumfaat, to name a few, which provide the "regional distinctness" of Darjeeling's local culture from the rest of West Bengal. 
A popular food in Darjeeling is the "momo", a steamed dumpling containing either mutton, pork, beef or vegetables cooked in a doughy wrapping served with a watery vegetable soup and spicy tomato sauce/chutney. Wai-Wai is a favorite packaged snack of Darjeeling hills comprising noodles which are eaten either dry or with soup. "Churpee", a kind of hard cheese made from cow or yak's milk is another popular mini-snack that is both nutritious and a pastime. A form of noodle called "thukpa", served with soup and vegetables, is extremely popular in and around the hills of Darjeeling. "Chhang" and "tongba" are local alcoholic beverage made from millet.

</doc>
<doc id="5985179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985179" title="Give the People What They Want">
Give the People What They Want

Give the People What They Want is the eighteenth studio album by the English rock group, The Kinks. It was released in August 1981 in the US, but was delayed until January 1982 in Europe. It was delayed because Ray Davies wanted to produce a full length video for the album, but financing fell through. Also scrapped were plans to remix the album for the European market. The album was initially aimed to be a statement on the media. 
Reissue.
When the Kinks' six Arista studio albums, initially released between 1977 and 1984, were reissued in 1999, "Give the People What They Want" was the only one that did not contain bonus tracks, despite the fact that the single release of "Better Things" was slightly different from the album version. The British single of "Better Things" also included a non-album B-side, "Massive Reductions", which was different from the version of the song from the band's 1984 album "Word of Mouth".

</doc>
<doc id="5985182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985182" title="The Inspirations">
The Inspirations

The Inspirations are a professional Southern gospel quartet from Bryson City, North Carolina.
Career.
The quartet began in 1964 when Martin Cook, a teacher at Swain County High School, invited several young men to his home for evenings of singing. Later they began traveling around the area and singing at various venues. The original quartet consisted of Archie Watkins, tenor; Ronnie Hutchins, lead singer; Jack Laws, baritone, Troy Burns bass/later lead singer; and Martin Cook on piano.
Eddie Dietz joined the group to sing lead after Ronnie Hutchins departed for a short time. This lineup recorded one album. By their next recording, both Troy Burns and Jack Laws had departed the group, while Ronnie Hutchins returned and Marlin Shubert was hired to sing bass. After two albums with this configuration, both Burns and Laws had returned, adding special vocals, as well as bass guitar and rhythm guitar. After Marlin Shubert departed, Mike Holcomb joined the group to sing bass. Soon, Ronnie Hutchins departen once again, and Troy Burns moved in to sing lead. The vocal lineup of Watkins, Burns, Dietz and Holcomb had much success, recording several albums and adding musicians Roger Fortner and Dale Jones.
The group has had much success in the Southern Gospel genre with such songs as "Shoutin' Time In Heaven", "When I Wake Up To Sleep No More", "A Rose Among The Thorns", and "We Need To Thank God". They have been named "Favorite Quartet Of The Year" multiple times at the Singing News Fan Awards which is held in connection with the National Quartet Convention. In October 2012, at the Singing News Fan Awards held annually at Dollywood, Mike Holcomb was recipient of the Marvin Norcross-Templeton award. This award is a lifetime achievement award and is one of the most prestigious awards given in Southern Gospel.
Over the past four decades, The Inspirations have collected almost every major Gospel Music Award possible, including a gold plaque commemorating their selling a million records.
They have charted well over 60 hit songs, more than any other gospel group. The Inspirations have now recorded a combination of more than 60 projects, plus a number of studio and live videos. Their recordings can be found in Canada, Europe, Australia, and Africa. 'Inspirations' recordings have even been found in Taiwan and missionaries who have gone into the old Iron Curtain countries have brought stories back of finding their music.
The Inspirations were regular cast members of the historic "Gospel Singing Jubilee" television show which was aired nationally in the United States for many years and in 1970, the group then consisting of Archie, Ron, Eddie, Marlin and Martin, were the subject of a seven-minute documentary on CBS Television, anchored by current History Channel host, Roger Mudd.
They have been declared Kentucky Colonels, Arkansas Travelers, and they have had many special days set aside in their honor.
The quartet hosts three Annual Singing In The Smokies at the Inspiration Park. The singings are the week of July 4, Labor Day Weekend, and The Color Festival which is normally the third weekend in October. Inspiration Park is located between Bryson City, NC and Cherokee, NC. This event draws thousands of Southern Gospel fans from around the country and brings in some of the biggest names in Southern Gospel music.
Currently, the vocal lineup of the Inspirations is Matt Dibler (lead); Melton Campbell (baritone); Jon Epley (bass). A position for a tenor is currently being sought. The group's live musicians are Martin Cook (piano); Myron Cook (bass guitar); and Luke Vaught (utility musician) along with Dean Bernstrom, although not a member, playing rhythm guitar on occasion.
Awards.
Singing News Fan Awards

</doc>
<doc id="5985183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985183" title="Vasile Zavoda">
Vasile Zavoda

Vasile Zavoda (born 26 July 1929 in Rodna Veche, Bistriţa), commonly known as Zavoda II or Tigrul Akbar, is a former Romanian football player.
Overview.
He played for Metalul Baia Mare between 1947 and 1951, before joining Steaua Bucureşti. In 1964, aged 35, Zavoda plays his last season, for ASA Târgu Mureş before calling it a day.
Zavoda, one of the best defenders the Romanian football ever produced, played 257 games in Romania's Divizia A and scored two goals. He also won 20 caps for Romania, the first in 1951 against Czechoslovakia, the last one in 1962 against East Germany. He played for Romania at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He is the younger brother of Francisc Zavoda.
Today he lives in Bucharest, in the same block of flats with his great friend and former team-mate Ion Voinescu. The couple meet every day to discuss about football and Steaua Bucureşti.

</doc>
<doc id="5985185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985185" title="List of magazines published in Scotland">
List of magazines published in Scotland

List of magazines published in Scotland is an incomplete list of magazines and comics published in Scotland.
There are over 700 magazines currently being published in Scotland, by nearly 200 organisations, with an estimated total turnover of £157m per annum.
"The Scots Magazine", first published in January 1739, is the oldest magazine in the world still in publication, although there have been several gaps in its publication history. "The Dandy", first published on 3 December 1937, is currently the longest running comic in the world. Both of these titles are owned by DC Thomson of Dundee, a major publisher of newspapers and periodicals.
No longer published in Scotland.
The following magazines were once published in Scotland, but are now published elsewhere:

</doc>
<doc id="5985187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985187" title="German submarine U-958">
German submarine U-958


</doc>
<doc id="5985189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985189" title="Tashi Tenzing">
Tashi Tenzing

Tashi Wangchuk Tenzing () is a Nepalese Sherpa mountaineer. He is the youngest son of Pem Pem, the eldest daughter of Tenzing Norgay, who made the first ascent of Mount Everest on 29 May 1953.
Tashi spent his childhood in Darjeeling, the famed British hill station and tea growing area in India. He attended St Paul's School, Darjeeling – a private boarding school in the strict British tradition. He made himself quite a name in the outdoor education field, excelling at distance and sprint running, soccer, cricket, gymnastics, karate, hockey and horse-riding as well as in more artistic pursuits such as oil painting and batik.
Tashi then went on to the University of New Delhi to gain a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology. But his first love has always been the outdoors and, especially, climbing. He was solely responsible for establishing the Delhi University Climbing Club and excelled at all the climbing and outdoor adventure courses at the Himalayan Mountaineering Institute in Darjeeling. His grandfather, Tenzing Norgay, established this Institute after his ascent of Everest to offer professional climbing instruction to all Indian people. It now has a great tradition and a successful history of expeditions to the great Himalayan peaks. Tashi graduated from HMI as an instructor and still sometimes takes courses there as a guest instructor.
But since leaving University Tashi has been almost solely employed in leading trekking and climbing trips in Nepal, Tibet, Pakistan, Kashmir and the Indian Himalaya. He has trekked widely in Nepal – especially the Everest region – and also in Kashmir, Ladakh, Sikkim and in the eastern Himalaya of Bhutan. Since his childhood he has emulated his grandfather's love of mountain exploration and he has managed to maintain this quest by researching and leading many new treks and expeditions. However the desire to climb Everest has always been in Tashi's heart and his passion for this never waned. He knew one day his time would come.
In 1993 Tashi led the 40th Anniversary Everest Expedition to mark the 40th anniversary of the first successful expedition of his grandfather, Tenzing Norgay. At last his dream seemed in reach but it was also important to him for the sake of his Sherpa people who supported him to the fullest in this bid. His team were successful, getting two members to the summit on 10 May. Tashi's uncle and climbing partner, Lobsang Tshering, fell to his death on the descent from the summit. Tashi missed the summit by just 400 metres having to turn back with snow blindness.
However, on 23 May 1997 Tashi at last succeeded in reaching the summit of Everest – his life's dream fulfilled and the road now clear to take on new adventures. In 1998/99 he spent 9 months working for the Australian Antarctic Division at Mawson Station in the Antarctic and now plans to add guiding in this icy wilderness to his travel work.
Tashi again reached the summit of Mount Everest for the second time in 2002.
Tashi was married to Australian Judy Pyne Tenzing, and they have a son and daughter. However he made the decision to return to Nepal and married a Sherpa woman and now lives in Kathmandu and runs a trekking company "Tenzing Asian Holidays".
On 16 May 2007, he reached the summit of Mount Everest from the Tibetan side.
Tashi is a contributor of SummitJournal.com, an international adventure and exploration project.
In May 2013 Tashi Tenzing said he believed his grandfather Tenzing Norgay should have been knighted, not just given "a bloody medal".

</doc>
<doc id="5985190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985190" title="FK Belasica">
FK Belasica

FK Belasica () is a football club based in the city of Strumica, Republic of Macedonia. They currently play in the Macedonian Third League. 
History.
The club was founded on 22 April 1922 at the cafe of Tašo Todorov, where fifty initiators gathered at the founding meeting for the football club Belasica Strumica. According to documents, the first meeting was held on 13 August 1922 with Gjorgi Moskov elected president, Tomi Kujundziev as secretary and Rosto Perov as treasurer.
The first match played in club history was against Pobeda from Skopje, where Belasica lost by the score of 1-0.
For the most part the team played in the Federal Eastern Yugoslav Second League containing only the teams from 3 Republics: Macedonia,Montenegro and Serbia Kosovo Voivodinship, winning the Macedonian Republic league on two occasions. In Macedonia, the club had its biggest success in the early 2000s when they were runners-up of the Macedonian First League twice. Although they currently play in the second league it still plays an important role in Macedonian football is a countless source of football talent. The Macedonia national football team has had many players who have come from the Belasica youth school. Among them are: Goran Pandev, Aco Stojkov, Igor Gjuzelov, Robert Popov, Goran Popov, Zoran Baldovaliev, Dančo Masev and Goran Maznov.
The most notable player to come out of Belasica is Goran Pandev a current Macedonian international and Napoli player.
Belasica's stadium.
Mladost Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Strumica, Republic of Macedonia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and the stadium's capacity is 6,500 spectators.
Recent seasons.
Key.
Top scorer shown in bold when he was also top scorer for the division.

</doc>
<doc id="5985207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985207" title="Metric expansion of space">
Metric expansion of space

The metric expansion of space is the increase of the distance between two distant parts of the universe with time. It is an intrinsic expansion whereby "the scale of space itself changes". This is different from other examples of expansions and explosions in that, as far as observations can ascertain, it is a property of the entirety of the universe rather than a phenomenon that can be contained and observed from the outside.
Metric expansion is a key feature of Big Bang cosmology, is modeled mathematically with the FLRW metric, and is a generic property of the universe we inhabit. However, the model is valid only on large scales (roughly the scale of galaxy clusters and above). At smaller scales matter has become bound together under the influence of gravitational attraction and such things do not expand at the metric expansion rate as the universe ages. As such, the only galaxies receding from one another as a result of metric expansion are those separated by cosmologically relevant scales larger than the length scales associated with the gravitational collapse that are possible in the age of the Universe given the matter density and average expansion rate.
At the end of the early universe's inflationary period, all the matter and energy in the universe was set on an inertial trajectory consistent with the equivalence principle and Einstein's general theory of relativity and this is when the precise and regular form of the universe's expansion had its origin (that is, matter in the universe is separating because it was separating in the past due to the inflaton field). 
According to measurements, the universe's expansion rate was "decelerating" until about 5 billion years ago due to the gravitational attraction of the matter content of the universe, after which time the expansion began accelerating. In order to explain the acceleration physicists have postulated the existence of dark energy which appears in the simplest theoretical models as a cosmological constant. According to the simplest extrapolation of the currently-favored cosmological model (known as "ΛCDM"), this acceleration becomes more dominant into the future.
While special relativity constrains objects in the universe from moving faster than light with respect to each other when they are in a local, dynamical relationship, it places no theoretical constraint on the relative motion between two objects that are globally separated and out of causal contact. It is thus possible for two objects to become separated in space by more than the distance light could have travelled, which means that, if the expansion remains constant, the two objects will never come into causal contact. For example, galaxies that are more than approximately 4.5 gigaparsecs away from us are expanding away from us faster than light. We can still see such objects because the universe in the past was expanding more slowly than it is today, so the ancient light being received from these objects is still able to reach us, though if the expansion continues unabated there will never come a time that we will see the light from such objects being produced "today" (on a so-called "space-like slice of spacetime") and vice-versa because space itself is expanding between Earth and the source faster than any light can be exchanged. Space, in theory, is not infinite.
Because of the high rate of expansion, it is also possible for a distance between two objects to be greater than the value calculated by multiplying the speed of light by the age of the universe. These details are a frequent source of confusion among amateurs and even professional physicists.
Due to the non-intuitive nature of the subject and what has been described by some as "careless" choices of wording, certain descriptions of the metric expansion of space and the misconceptions to which such descriptions can lead are an ongoing subject of discussion in the realm of pedagogy and communication of scientific concepts.
Basic concepts and overview.
Overview of metrics.
To understand the metric expansion of the universe, it is helpful to discuss briefly what a metric is, and how metric expansion works.
Definition of a metric.
A metric defines how a distance can be measured between two "nearby" points in space, in terms of the coordinate system. Coordinate systems locate points in a space (of whatever number of dimensions) by assigning unique positions on a grid, known as coordinates, to each point. The metric is then a formula which describes how displacement through the space of interest can be translated into distances.
Metric for Earth's surface.
For example, consider the measurement of distance between two places on the surface of the Earth. This is a simple, familiar example of spherical geometry. Because the surface of the Earth is two-dimensional, points on the surface of the earth can be specified by two coordinates—for example, the latitude and longitude. Specification of a metric requires that one first specify the coordinates used. In our simple example of the surface of the Earth, we could choose any kind of coordinate system we wish, for example latitude and longitude, or X-Y-Z Cartesian coordinates. Once we have chosen a specific coordinate system, the numerical values of the coordinates of any two points are uniquely determined, and based upon the properties of the space being discussed, the appropriate metric is mathematically established too. On the curved surface of the Earth, we can see this effect in long-haul airline flights where the distance between two points is measured based upon a Great circle, rather than the straight line one might plot on a two-dimensional map of the Earth's surface. In general, such shortest-distance paths are called, "geodesics". In Euclidean geometry, the geodesic is a straight line, while in non-Euclidean geometry such as on the Earth's surface, this is not the case. Indeed even the shortest-distance great circle path is always longer than the Euclidean straight line path which passes through the interior of the Earth. The difference between the straight line path and the shortest-distance great circle path is due to the curvature of the Earth's surface. While there is always an effect due to this curvature, at short distances the effect is small enough to be unnoticeable. 
On plane maps, Great circles of the Earth are mostly not shown as straight lines. Indeed, there is a seldom-used map projection, namely the gnomonic projection, where all Great circles are shown as straight lines, but in this projection, the distance scale varies very much in different areas. There is no map projection in which the distance between any two points on Earth, measured along the Great Circle geodesics, is directly proportional to their distance on the map.
Metric tensor.
In differential geometry, the backbone mathematics for general relativity, a metric tensor can be defined which precisely characterizes the space being described by explaining the way distances should be measured in every possible direction. General relativity necessarily invokes a metric in four dimensions (one of time, three of space) because, in general, different reference frames will experience different intervals of time and space depending on the inertial frame. This means that the metric tensor in general relativity relates precisely how two events in spacetime are separated. A metric expansion occurs when the metric tensor changes with time (and, specifically, whenever the spatial part of the metric gets larger as time goes forward). This kind of expansion is different from all kinds of expansions and explosions commonly seen in nature in no small part because times and distances are not the same in all reference frames, but are instead subject to change. A useful visualization is to approach the subject rather than objects in a fixed "space" moving apart into "emptiness", as space itself growing between objects without any acceleration of the objects themselves. The space between objects grows or shrinks as the various geodesics converge or diverge.
Because this expansion is caused by relative changes in the distance-defining metric, this expansion (and the resultant movement apart of objects) is not restricted by the speed of light upper bound of special relativity. Two reference frames that are globally separated can be moving apart faster than light without violating special relativity, although whenever two reference frames diverge from each other faster than the speed of light, there will be observable effects associated with such situations including the existence of various cosmological horizons.
Theory and observations suggest that very early in the history of the universe, there was an inflationary phase where the metric changed very rapidly, and that the remaining time-dependence of this metric is what we observe as the so-called Hubble expansion, the moving apart of all gravitationally unbound objects in the universe. The expanding universe is therefore a fundamental feature of the universe we inhabit - a universe fundamentally different from the static universe Albert Einstein first considered when he developed his gravitational theory.
Measuring distances in expanding spaces.
In expanding space, proper distances are dynamical quantities which change with time. An easy way to correct for this is to use comoving coordinates which remove this feature and allow for a characterization of different locations in the universe without having to characterize the physics associated with metric expansion. In comoving coordinates, the distances between all objects are fixed and the instantaneous dynamics of matter and light are determined by the normal physics of gravity and electromagnetic radiation. Any time-evolution however must be accounted for by taking into account the Hubble law expansion in the appropriate equations in addition to any other effects that may be operating (gravity, dark energy, or curvature, for example). Cosmological simulations that run through significant fractions of the universe's history therefore must include such effects in order to make applicable predictions for observational cosmology.
Understanding the expansion of the Universe.
Measurement of expansion and change of rate of expansion.
In principle, the expansion of the universe could be measured by taking a standard ruler and measuring the distance between two cosmologically distant points, waiting a certain time, and then measuring the distance again, but in practice, standard rulers are not easy to find on cosmological scales and the time scales over which a measurable expansion would be visible are too great to be observable even by multiple generations of humans. The expansion of space is measured indirectly. The theory of relativity predicts phenomena associated with the expansion, notably the redshift-versus-distance relationship known as Hubble's Law; functional forms for cosmological distance measurements that differ from what would be expected if space were not expanding; and an observable change in the matter and energy density of the universe seen at different lookback times.
The first measurement of the expansion of space occurred with the creation of the Hubble diagram. Using standard candles with known intrinsic brightness, the expansion of the universe has been measured using redshift to derive Hubble's Constant: H0 = . For every million parsecs of distance from the observer, the rate of expansion increases by about 67 kilometers per second. 
Hubble's Constant is not thought to be constant through time. There are dynamical forces acting on the particles in the universe which affect the expansion rate. It was earlier expected that the Hubble Constant would be decreasing as time went on due to the influence of gravitational interactions in the universe, and thus there is an additional observable quantity in the universe called the deceleration parameter which cosmologists expected to be directly related to the matter density of the universe. Surprisingly, the deceleration parameter was measured by two different groups to be less than zero (actually, consistent with −1) which implied that today Hubble's Constant is increasing as time goes on. Some cosmologists have whimsically called the effect associated with the "accelerating universe" the "cosmic jerk". The 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics was given for the discovery of this phenomenon.
Measuring distances in expanding space.
At cosmological scales the present universe is geometrically flat, which is to say that the rules of Euclidean geometry associated with Euclid's fifth postulate hold, though in the past spacetime could have been highly curved. In part to accommodate such different geometries, the expansion of the universe is inherently general relativistic; it cannot be modeled with special relativity alone, though such models can be written down, they are at fundamental odds with the observed interaction between matter and spacetime seen in our universe.
The images to the right show two views of spacetime diagrams that show the large-scale geometry of the universe according to the ΛCDM cosmological model. Two of the dimensions of space are omitted, leaving one dimension of space (the dimension that grows as the cone gets larger) and one of time (the dimension that proceeds "up" the cone's surface). The narrow circular end of the diagram corresponds to a cosmological time of 700 million years after the big bang while the wide end is a cosmological time of 18 billion years, where one can see the beginning of the accelerating expansion as a splaying outward of the spacetime, a feature which eventually dominates in this model. The purple grid lines mark off cosmological time at intervals of one billion years from the big bang. The cyan grid lines mark off comoving distance at intervals of one billion light years in the present era (less in the past and more in the future). Note that the circular curling of the surface is an artifact of the embedding with no physical significance and is done purely to make the illustration viewable; space does not actually curl around on itself. (A similar effect can be seen in the tubular shape of the pseudosphere.)
The brown line on the diagram is the worldline of the Earth (or, at earlier times, of the matter which condensed to form the Earth). The yellow line is the worldline of the most distant known quasar. The red line is the path of a light beam emitted by the quasar about 13 billion years ago and reaching the Earth in the present day. The orange line shows the present-day distance between the quasar and the Earth, about 28 billion light years, which is, notably, a larger distance than the age of the universe multiplied by the speed of light: "ct".
According to the equivalence principle of general relativity, the rules of special relativity are "locally" valid in small regions of spacetime that are approximately flat. In particular, light always travels locally at the speed "c"; in our diagram, this means, according to the convention of constructing spacetime diagrams, that light beams always make an angle of 45° with the local grid lines. It does not follow, however, that light travels a distance "ct" in a time "t", as the red worldline illustrates. While it always moves locally at "c", its time in transit (about 13 billion years) is not related to the distance traveled in any simple way since the universe expands as the light beam traverses space and time. In fact the distance traveled is inherently ambiguous because of the changing scale of the universe. Nevertheless, we can single out two distances which appear to be physically meaningful: the distance between the Earth and the quasar when the light was emitted, and the distance between them in the present era (taking a slice of the cone along the dimension that we've declared to be the spatial dimension). The former distance is about 4 billion light years, much smaller than "ct" because the universe expanded as the light traveled the distance, the light had to "run against the treadmill" and therefore went farther than the initial separation between the Earth and the quasar. The latter distance (shown by the orange line) is about 28 billion light years, much larger than "ct". If expansion could be instantaneously stopped today, it would take 28 billion years for light to travel between the Earth and the quasar while if the expansion had stopped at the earlier time, it would have taken only 4 billion years.
The light took much longer than 4 billion years to reach us though it was emitted from only 4 billion light years away, and, in fact, the light emitted towards the Earth was actually moving "away" from the Earth when it was first emitted, in the sense that the metric distance to the Earth increased with cosmological time for the first few billion years of its travel time, and also indicating that the expansion of space between the Earth and the quasar at the early time was faster than the speed of light. None of this surprising behavior originates from a special property of metric expansion, but simply from local principles of special relativity integrated over a curved surface.
Topology of expanding space.
Over time, the space that makes up the universe is expanding. The words 'space' and 'universe', sometimes used interchangeably, have distinct meanings in this context. Here 'space' is a mathematical concept that stands for the three-dimensional manifold into which our respective positions are embedded while 'universe' refers to everything that exists including the matter and energy in space, the extra-dimensions that may be wrapped up in various strings, and the time through which various events take place. The expansion of space is in reference to this 3-D manifold only; that is, the description involves no structures such as extra dimensions or an exterior universe.
The ultimate topology of space is "a posteriori" - something which in principle must be observed - as there are no constraints that can simply be reasoned out (in other words there can not be any "a priori" constraints) on how the space in which we live is connected or whether it wraps around on itself as a compact space. Though certain cosmological models such as Gödel's universe even permit bizarre worldlines which intersect with themselves, ultimately the question as to whether we are in something like a "pac-man universe" where if traveling far enough in one direction would allow one to simply end up back in the same place like going all the way around the surface of a balloon (or a planet like the Earth) is an observational question which is constrained as measurable or non-measurable by the universe's global geometry. At present, observations are consistent with the universe being infinite in extent and simply connected, though we are limited in distinguishing between simple and more complicated proposals by cosmological horizons. The universe could be infinite in extent or it could be finite; but the evidence that leads to the inflationary model of the early universe also implies that the "total universe" is much larger than the observable universe, and so any edges or exotic geometries or topologies would not be directly observable as light has not reached scales on which such aspects of the universe, if they exist, are still allowed. For all intents and purposes, it is safe to assume that the universe is infinite in spatial extent, without edge or strange connectedness.
Regardless of the overall shape of the universe, the question of what the universe is expanding into is one which does not require an answer according to the theories which describe the expansion; the way we define space in our universe in no way requires additional exterior space into which it can expand since an expansion of an infinite expanse can happen without changing the infinite extent of the expanse. All that is certain is that the manifold of space in which we live simply has the property that the distances between objects are getting larger as time goes on. This only implies the simple observational consequences associated with the metric expansion explored below. No "outside" or embedding in hyperspace is required for an expansion to occur. The visualizations often seen of the universe growing as a bubble into nothingness are misleading in that respect. There is no reason to believe there is anything "outside" of the expanding universe into which the universe expands.
Even if the overall spatial extent is infinite and thus the universe can't get any "larger", we still say that space is expanding because, locally, the characteristic distance between objects is increasing. As an infinite space grows, it remains infinite.
Effects of expansion on small scales.
The expansion of space is sometimes described as a force which acts to push objects apart. Though this is an accurate description of the effect of the cosmological constant, it is not an accurate picture of the phenomenon of expansion in general. For much of the universe's history the expansion has been due mainly to inertia. The matter in the very early universe was flying apart for unknown reasons (most likely as a result of cosmic inflation) and has simply continued to do so, though at an ever-decreasing rate due to the attractive effect of gravity.
In addition to slowing the overall expansion, gravity causes local clumping of matter into stars and galaxies. Once objects are formed and bound by gravity, they "drop out" of the expansion and do not subsequently expand under the influence of the cosmological metric, there being no force compelling them to do so.
There is no difference between the inertial expansion of the universe and the inertial separation of nearby objects in a vacuum; the former is simply a large-scale extrapolation of the latter.
Once objects are bound by gravity, they no longer recede from each other. Thus, the Andromeda galaxy, which is bound to the Milky Way galaxy, is actually falling "towards" us and is not expanding away. Within our Local Group of galaxies, the gravitational interactions have changed the inertial patterns of objects such that there is no cosmological expansion taking place. Once one goes beyond the local group, the inertial expansion is measurable, though systematic gravitational effects imply that larger and larger parts of space will eventually fall out of the "Hubble Flow" and end up as bound, non-expanding objects up to the scales of superclusters of galaxies. We can predict such future events by knowing the precise way the Hubble Flow is changing as well as the masses of the objects to which we are being gravitationally pulled. Currently, our Local Group is being gravitationally pulled towards either the Shapley Supercluster or the "Great Attractor" with which, if dark energy were not acting, we would eventually merge and no longer see expand away from us after such a time.
A consequence of metric expansion being due to inertial motion is that a uniform local "explosion" of matter into a vacuum can be locally described by the FLRW geometry, the same geometry which describes the expansion of the universe as a whole and was also the basis for the simpler Milne universe which ignores the effects of gravity. In particular, general relativity predicts that light will move at the speed "c" with respect to the local motion of the exploding matter, a phenomenon analogous to frame dragging.
The situation changes somewhat with the introduction of dark energy or a cosmological constant. A cosmological constant due to a vacuum energy density has the effect of adding a repulsive force between objects which is proportional (not inversely proportional) to distance. Unlike inertia it actively "pulls" on objects which have clumped together under the influence of gravity, and even on individual atoms. However, this does not cause the objects to grow steadily or to disintegrate; unless they are very weakly bound, they will simply settle into an equilibrium state which is slightly (undetectably) larger than it would otherwise have been. As the universe expands and the matter in it thins, the gravitational attraction decreases (since it is proportional to the density), while the cosmological repulsion increases; thus the ultimate fate of the ΛCDM universe is a near vacuum expanding at an ever increasing rate under the influence of the cosmological constant. However, the only locally visible effect of the accelerating expansion is the disappearance (by runaway redshift) of distant galaxies; gravitationally bound objects like the Milky Way do not expand and the Andromeda galaxy is moving fast enough towards us that it will still merge with the Milky Way in 3 billion years time, and it is also likely that the merged supergalaxy that forms will eventually fall in and merge with the nearby Virgo Cluster. However, galaxies lying farther away from this will recede away at ever-increasing rates of speed and be redshifted out of our range of visibility.
Scale factor.
At a fundamental level, the expansion of the universe is a property of spatial measurement on the largest measurable scales of our universe. The distances between cosmologically relevant points increases as time passes leading to observable effects outlined below. This feature of the universe can be characterized by a single parameter that is called the scale factor which is a function of time and a single value for all of space at any instant (if the scale factor were a function of space, this would violate the cosmological principle). By convention, the scale factor is set to be unity at the present time and, because the universe is expanding, is smaller in the past and larger in the future. Extrapolating back in time with certain cosmological models will yield a moment when the scale factor was zero, our current understanding of cosmology sets this time at 13.798 ± 0.037 billion years ago. If the universe continues to expand forever, the scale factor will approach infinity in the future. In principle, there is no reason that the expansion of the universe must be monotonic and there are models that exist where at some time in the future the scale factor decreases with an attendant contraction of space rather than an expansion.
Other conceptual models of expansion.
The expansion of space is often illustrated with conceptual models which show only the size of space at a particular time, leaving the dimension of time implicit.
In the "ant on a rubber rope model" one imagines an ant (idealized as pointlike) crawling at a constant speed on a perfectly elastic rope which is constantly stretching. If we stretch the rope in accordance with the ΛCDM scale factor and think of the ant's speed as the speed of light, then this analogy is numerically accurate—the ant's position over time will match the path of the red line on the embedding diagram above.
In the "rubber sheet model" one replaces the rope with a flat two-dimensional rubber sheet which expands uniformly in all directions. The addition of a second spatial dimension raises the possibility of showing local perturbations of the spatial geometry by local curvature in the sheet.
In the "balloon model" the flat sheet is replaced by a spherical balloon which is inflated from an initial size of zero (representing the big bang). A balloon has positive Gaussian curvature while observations suggest that the real universe is spatially flat, but this inconsistency can be eliminated by making the balloon very large so that it is locally flat to within the limits of observation. This analogy is potentially confusing since it wrongly suggests that the big bang took place at the center of the balloon. In fact points off the surface of the balloon have no meaning, even if they were occupied by the balloon at an earlier time.
In the "raisin bread model" one imagines a loaf of raisin bread expanding in the oven. The loaf (space) expands as a whole, but the raisins (gravitationally bound objects) do not expand; they merely grow farther away from each other.
All of these models have the conceptual problem of requiring an outside force acting on the "space" at all times to make it expand. Unlike real cosmological matter, sheets of rubber and loaves of bread are bound together electromagnetically and will not continue to expand on their own after an initial tug.
Theoretical basis and first evidence.
Hubble's law.
Technically, the metric expansion of space is a feature of many solutions to the Einstein field equations of general relativity, and distance is measured using the Lorentz interval. This explains observations which indicate that galaxies that are more distant from us are receding faster than galaxies that are closer to us (Hubble's law).
Cosmological constant and the Friedmann equations.
The first general relativistic models predicted that a universe which was dynamical and contained ordinary gravitational matter would contract rather than expand. Einstein's first proposal for a solution to this problem involved adding a cosmological constant into his theories to balance out the contraction, in order to obtain a static universe solution. But in 1922 Alexander Friedman derived a set of equations known as the Friedmann equations, showing that the universe might expand and presenting the expansion speed in this case. The observations of Edwin Hubble in 1929 suggested that distant galaxies were all apparently moving away from us, so that many scientists came to accept that the universe was expanding.
Hubble's concerns over the rate of expansion.
While the metric expansion of space is implied by Hubble's 1929 observations, Hubble was concerned with the observational implications of the precise value he measured:
In fact, Hubble's skepticism about the universe being too small, dense, and young was justified, though it turned out to be an observational error rather than an error of interpretation. Later investigations showed that Hubble had confused distant HII regions for Cepheid variables and the Cepheid variables themselves had been inappropriately lumped together with low-luminosity RR Lyrae stars causing calibration errors that led to a value of the Hubble Constant of approximately 500 km/s/Mpc instead of the true value of approximately 70 km/s/Mpc. The higher value meant that an expanding universe would have an age of 2 billion years (younger than the Age of the Earth) and extrapolating the observed number density of galaxies to a rapidly expanding universe implied a mass density that was too high by a similar factor, enough to force the universe into a peculiar closed geometry which also implied an impending Big Crunch that would occur on a similar time-scale. After fixing these errors in the 1950s, the new lower values for the Hubble Constant accorded with the expectations of an older universe and the density parameter was found to be fairly close to a geometrically flat universe.
Inflation as an explanation for the expansion.
Until the theoretical developments in the 1980s no one had an explanation for why this seemed to be the case, but with the development of models of cosmic inflation, the expansion of the universe became a general feature resulting from vacuum decay. Accordingly, the question "why is the universe expanding?" is now answered by understanding the details of the inflation decay process which occurred in the first 10−32 seconds of the existence of our universe. During inflation, the metric changed exponentially, causing any volume of space that was smaller than an atom to grow to around 100 million light years across in a time scale similar to the time when inflation occurred (10−32 seconds).
Measuring distance in a metric space.
In expanding space, distance is a dynamic quantity which changes with time. There are several different ways of defining distance in cosmology, known as "distance measures", but a common method used amongst modern astronomers is comoving distance. 
The metric only defines the distance between nearby (so-called "local") points. In order to define the distance between arbitrarily distant points, one must specify both the points and a specific curve (known as a "spacetime interval") connecting them. The distance between the points can then be found by finding the length of this connecting curve through the three dimensions of space. Comoving distance defines this connecting curve to be a curve of constant cosmological time. Operationally, comoving distances cannot be directly measured by a single Earth-bound observer. To determine the distance of distant objects, astronomers generally measure luminosity of standard candles, or the redshift factor 'z' of distant galaxies, and then convert these measurements into distances based on some particular model of space-time, such as the Lambda-CDM model. It is, indeed, by making such observations that it was determined that there is no evidence for any 'slowing down' of the expansion in the current epoch.
Observational evidence.
Theoretical cosmologists developing models of the universe have drawn upon a small number of reasonable assumptions in their work. These workings have led to models in which the metric expansion of space is a likely feature of the universe. Chief among the underlying principles that result in models including metric expansion as a feature are:
Scientists have tested carefully whether these assumptions are valid and borne out by observation. Observational cosmologists have discovered evidence - very strong in some cases - that supports these assumptions, and as a result, metric expansion of space is considered by cosmologists to be an observed feature on the basis that although we cannot see it directly, scientists have tested the properties of the universe and observation provides compelling confirmation. Sources of this confidence and confirmation include:
Taken together, these phenomena overwhelmingly support models that rely on space expanding through a change in metric. Interestingly, it was not until the discovery in the year 2000 of direct observational evidence for the changing temperature of the cosmic microwave background that more bizarre constructions could be ruled out. Until that time, it was based purely on an assumption that the universe did not behave as one with the Milky Way sitting at the middle of a fixed-metric with a universal explosion of galaxies in all directions (as seen in, for example, an early model proposed by Milne). Yet before this evidence, many rejected the Milne viewpoint based on the mediocrity principle.
The spatial and temporal universality of physical laws was until very recently taken as a fundamental philosophical assumption that is now tested to the observational limits of time and space.

</doc>
<doc id="5985224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985224" title="Adami Tullu">
Adami Tullu

Adami Tullu (also spelled Adami Tulu; Oromo, "Euphorbia hill") is a town in central Ethiopia. Located about 168 kilometers south of Addis Ababa in the Misraq Shewa Zone of the Oromia Region, Adami Tullu has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 1636 meters above sea level. It is one of five towns in Adami Tullu and Jido Kombolcha woreda.
Adami Tulli was founded by an emigrant from Germany named Goetz around 1902. He built a substantial farmhouse on the top of a local hill, which the "Guida" described in 1938 as "picturesque like a medieval castle". During the Second Italian-Abyssinian War, the local Arsi Oromo looted and burned his farm, forcing Goetz to flee to an island in Lake Zway for safety. He returned for a while, but when his property was ruined a second time in the chaos following the defeat of the Italian occupiers, Goetz returned to the island in Lake Zway for good, where David Buxton found him in 1943. The ruins of Goetz's house could still be seen in the 1990s.
Demographics.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Adami Tulli has an estimated total population of 9,034 of whom 4,565 were males and were 4,469 females. The 1994 census reported this town had a total population of 5,050 of whom 2,476 were males and 2,574 were females. 

</doc>
<doc id="5985227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985227" title="Bentu Liben">
Bentu Liben

Bentu Liben (also known as Liven) is a town in central Ethiopia. Located in the Debub Mirab Shewa Zone of the Oromia Region, about 40 kilometers south-west of Addis Ababa, this town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 2234 meters above sea level.
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Bentu Liben has an estimated total population of 2,381 of whom 1,113 were males and 1,268 were females. The 1994 census reported this town had a total population of 1,273 of whom 576 were males and 697 were females. It is the largest town in Tole woreda.
Records at the Nordic Africa Institute website provide details of a primary school in Bentu Liben during the year 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="5985233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985233" title="To Live &amp; Die in L.A. (song)">
To Live &amp; Die in L.A. (song)

"To Live & Die in L.A." is the second single from Tupac Shakur's final album he worked on during his life, "". It was recorded July 17, 1996 and was produced by QD3, son of producer Quincy Jones. The radio edit was recorded the same day and a video was shot. The album version contains a Dr. Dre diss at the end of the song. The clean version has alters in lyrics and is longer.
The song samples Prince - Do Me, Baby.
Music Video.
A music video was shot. It features Shakur working at a fruit stand, driving around Los Angeles in a car filled with women, and also features various scenes and pictures of notable places and events in Los Angeles. The video can be found on the DualDisc of "", and was the first video shot for the album as well as one of the last videos that Tupac filmed before his death.
Track listing.
Featuring – Val Young

</doc>
<doc id="5985241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985241" title="Tullu Milki">
Tullu Milki

Tullu Milki (also spelled Tullu Milchi, Tulu Mīlkī) is a town in central Ethiopia. Located in North Shewa Zone of Oromiya Region, this town lies about 170 kilometers north west of Addis Ababa. It has a latitude and longitude of coord 9|54|N|38|21|E| .
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Tullu Milki has an estimated total population of 2,870 of whom 1,339 were males and 1,531 were females. The 1994 census reported this town had a total population of 1,608 of whom 726 were males and 882 were females. Tullu Milki is the largest settlement in Wara Jarso sub-zone.

</doc>
<doc id="5985246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985246" title="Debre Zebit">
Debre Zebit

Debre Zebit is a village in northern Ethiopia. Located in the Semien Wollo Zone of the Amhara Region, about 240 kilometres north of Addis Ababa, this village has a latitude and longitude of and an elevation of 2928 meters above sea level. The Central Statistical Agency has not published an estimate for this village's 2005 population. It is one of three towns in Meket woreda.
Debre Zebit was the location of the Battle of Anchem, on 31 March 1930 between (then) Ras Teferi's forces under the command of Dejazmach Mulugeta Yeggazu (which consisted of 20,000 riflemen with 6 cannons and about 30 machine guns) over those of Ras Gugsa Welle (consisting of 10,000 riflemen with 2 cannons and about 10 machine guns). Ras Gugsa was defeated and killed.

</doc>
<doc id="5985261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985261" title="State of Confusion">
State of Confusion

State of Confusion is the nineteenth studio album by the English rock group, The Kinks, released in 1983. The record featured the single "Come Dancing", which hit #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was one of the band's biggest hit singles in the United States, equaling the 1965 peak of "Tired of Waiting for You". The album itself was a major success, peaking at #12 on the Billboard Album charts. While there have been at least 7 reissues of this album on CD in various countries (all with 4 bonus cuts), none of them have issued the extended "Come Dancing" 12-inch mix on CD (which contains an extended horn ending), which to this day is only available on vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="5985267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985267" title="Electrafixion">
Electrafixion

Electrafixion were an alternative rock band, formed by former Echo & the Bunnymen members Ian McCulloch and Will Sergeant in 1994, joined by bass guitarist Leon de Sylva and drummer Tony McGuigan. They released one album, "Burned", and four singles and EPs before splitting up in 1996, due to the reformation of the Bunnymen. A posthumous limited edition 7" single, "Baseball Bill" was released in 1997. When touring, the band included Julian Phillips (formerly of Marion) on bass and his brother, George Phillips, on drums.

</doc>
<doc id="5985270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985270" title="Abiy Addi">
Abiy Addi

Abiy Addi (also spelled Abi Addi; Tigrigna "Big town") is a town and separate woreda in north central Ethiopia, and was capital of the former province of Tembien before that province was incorporated into Tigray. Located about 870 kilometres north of Addis Ababa in the Mehakelegnaw Zone of the Tigray Region, this town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation ranging from 1917 to 2275 meters above sea level. Abiy Addi is surrounded by Kola Tembien woreda.
Overview.
The town is divided into two parts by the Gerebshegalu River, the lower part being the more respectable part while the upper part "is where you'll find the marketplace ... and the seedier bars in which you're most likely to see Awris dancing as the "tej" hits the mark." Briggs notes that Abiy Addi is known in Tigray for the frenetic style of dancing called "Awris", as well as the quality of its honey.
Having visited Abiy Abbi in the mid-1940s, David Buxton thought that "perhaps the best thing about Abbi Addi was the panorama of the Simien mountains standing to the west beyond the deep valley of the Tekezé." Buxton notes that the entire height of that mountain range was visible, from the southern foothills to the summit. "And round about the lower slopes, dimly seen through the haze, were many fantastic outlying peaks, square or spiky, like the mountains of a child's imagination." As for the town itself, Philip Briggs describes it as "a reasonably substantial settlement, set in a dusty valley below an impressive cliff."
Abiy Addi is connected to Adwa by an all-weather gravel road which runs through Maykinetal, which has a total length of 100 kilometers; it was rehabilitated between May 2003 and April 2005 at a cost of 54.6 million Birr.
History.
Abiy Addi owed its importance in the 19th century due to its location on the "King's Road", at the point where the road south from Adwa split, one branch taking travellers to Debre Tabor and the other to the Lake Ashenge region. The British explorer Charles Beke passed through this town (which he called "A'biyad") 15 April 1843, and described it later as "the principal place of Tembien, and a large market-town." However, in later years the fortunes of the town varied. By 1890, visitors described Abiy Addi as a small market town which handled various imported goods, such as mirrors made in France, cotton cloth from Manchester and Mumbai, as well as the usual local produce. Writing a few years later, Augustus B. Wylde described the Abiy Addi market, held on Saturdays, as of medium size.
On 5 December 1935, during the Second Italo-Ethiopian War, Abiy Addi was occupied by the Italian Eritrean Corps. the town was evacuated later that month. Then, after having been headquarters of Ras Kassa Haile Darge and Ras Seyoum Mengesha, it was definitely reoccupied by the Italians on 28 February 1936. A rock-hewn church served as the shelter of Ras Kassa.
With only minimal forces the Tigrayan People's Liberation Front (TPLF) had captured the lightly defended Abiy Addi in 1976 and controlled it for almost a year before being forced out of the town by superior Derg Forces. The Red Terror was particularly brutal in this town, undoubtedly because of the TPLF's support in this area. During a market day in July 1977, the Derg executed 178 people in the town square, claiming that they were thieves. Eyewitnesses report that most of the victims were peasants, many of whom had travelled from the neighboring woreda of Adet to buy salt because of shortages at home.
In the following years, Abiy Addi exchanged hands between the TPLF and the Derg was bombed by the Derg thirteen times, 340 houses were burnt or destroyed, and over 400 of the town's inhabitants were killed or wounded. This violence caused many people to leave the area, some for Mekele, and others as far as the liberated territories around Shiraro where even merchants took up farming. On 1 March 1985 Abiy Addi was bombed on a market day. In 1988, the TPLF took definite control of Abiy Addi, and held it to the conclusion of the Ethiopian Civil War. However, the Derg attacked the town twice that year, once with helicopters, killing almost 50 people.
Demographics.
Based on the 2007 national census conducted by the Central Statistical Agency of Ethiopia (CSA), this town has a total population of 16,115, of whom 7,826 are men and 8,289 women. The majority of the inhabitants said they practiced Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, with 88.59% reporting that as their religion, while 11.31% of the population were Muslim.
The 1994 census reported it had a total population of 7,884 of whom 3,545 were men and 4,339 were women. 

</doc>
<doc id="5985272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985272" title="Geermu East Railway Station">
Geermu East Railway Station

Golmud east railway station, or Geermu east railway station () is a railway station in Golmud, Qinghai, China.

</doc>
<doc id="5985274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985274" title="Charles Lamont">
Charles Lamont

Charles Lamont (May 5, 1895 – September 12, 1993) was a prolific film director of over 200 titles, and the producer and writer of many others. He was born in San Francisco, USA, and died in Los Angeles, California, USA.
Career.
Some of Lamont's earliest directorial jobs were silent short-subject comedies, for Educational Pictures. One of the studio's popular series was "Juvenile Comedies," featuring little Malcolm "Big Boy" Sebastian. Lamont directed some of these films, as well as some of the competing "Buster Brown" comedies for Universal Pictures release. Both Educational and Universal figured prominently in Charles Lamont's career.
In 1932 Educational assigned Lamont to the "Baby Burlesks" series of kiddie comedies, featuring four-year-old Shirley Temple. By 1934 Lamont was Educational's top director, and he collaborated with Buster Keaton on most of Keaton's 16 Educational shorts.
After Educational shut down its Hollywood studio, Lamont was hired by Columbia Pictures to work with such stars as Charley Chase and The Three Stooges, but his stay was short ("I had an intense hatred for president Harry Cohn," said Lamont to authors Ted Okuda and Edward Watz).
Lamont then freelanced at various studios (and produced a few features himself) before joining Universal Pictures in 1942. Lamont always had a tremendous rapport with juvenile performers, and Universal entrusted him with a series of musical-comedy vehicles for the studio's teenage singing star, Gloria Jean. Lamont emphasized the comic elements of the films, with Donald O'Connor and Peggy Ryan contributing their talents, and the teen musicals were very popular with wartime audiences.
Charles Lamont's experience with limited budgets served him well at Universal, and soon he was promoted to the studio's more important productions. By 1950 he was established as one of Universal's most efficient directors. So it was with surprise and reluctance that Lamont received his new assignment: Abbott and Costello movies. These comedy features were moneymakers for the studio but had no prestige at all, and Lamont bristled at what seemed to be a backward career move. His Universal bosses explained their need for a good comedy director who could do the job indefinitely, and Lamont came to realize that "Abbott and Costello "were" my future." Lamont remained with Abbott and Costello until the studio discharged the team in 1955.
Lamont also directed Universal's successful Ma and Pa Kettle comedies; his last film was the final Francis the Talking Mule comedy, "Francis in the Haunted House" (1956).
Death.
Lamont died of pneumonia in 1993. He was 98 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="5985278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985278" title="Llanbedr Airport">
Llanbedr Airport

Llanbedr Airfield , formerly RAF Llanbedr, is a former military facility located in the Snowdonia National Park near the village of Llanbedr, Gwynedd, northwest Wales. 
History.
It opened in 1941 as part of RAF Fighter Command's 12 Group. During its life, the base has been known as:
The site was (from Spring 1942) an operational base for Towed Target (and in 1943, became the home of the RAF's No. 12 Fighter Gunnery School), and later, Target Drone services to the UK Armed Forces. Target provision services were typically to the Cardigan Bay Ranges (UK Danger Area EGD201, under the control of Aberporth) but Llanbedr targets also worked other UK ranges, including the Royal Artillery range off the Hebrides and occasionally overseas.
Post RAF and the closure.
From 1957, civilianisation of the base services (typically airfield operation) began with Short Brothers holding a series of contracts until 1979, when Airwork Services took over and held them until 1991. In 1991, contracts and scope of work changed again and FR Serco took over its running.
Secondarily, it served as a Royal Air Force V bomber dispersal airfield, more recently used for military weapons training. The site closed in 2004. Navigational and ATC equipment was removed by the military and the site put up for sale.
Recent events.
In recent years, the site has been used for agricultural purposes under the terms of an agreement with the Welsh Government, the current site owners.
It was reported in February 2008 that Welsh Ministers had awarded preferred bidder status for a 125 year lease to the operators of Kemble Airport near Cirencester. In May 2008, the Snowdonia Society, the Brecon Beacons Park Society and the Friends of Pembrokeshire National Park formed an alliance against the development of a new civilian airport at the site without a full public debate "best achieved by making an application for planning permission".
This campaign has been opposed by members of the local population who are in favour of the reuse and redevelopent of the site. A paper-based petition in favour of Kemble's plans for the airfield attracted over a thousand signatures, while an e-petition from the Snowdonia Society received 156.
In December 2008, the Welsh Government gave the go-head for Kemble to take over the airfield, subject to Kemble obtaining the "relevant permissions and consents." In November 2009, the Snowdonia National Park Authority took external legal advice and refused to issue certificates of lawful use to Kemble. In August 2011, a certificate was granted to Llanbedr Airfield Estates for use of the airport to test and develop unmanned aerial vehicles.
In August 2012, permission was granted to turn the airfield into a yard for the dismantling of airliners.
In January 2013 the Welsh Government included the site in the Snowdonia Enterprise Zone.

</doc>
<doc id="5985284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985284" title="Korem">
Korem

Korem (alternative forms include Quoram Vecchia, Kworam) is a town and separate woreda in northern Ethiopia. Located on the eastern edge of the Ethiopian highlands in the Debubawi (Southern) Zone of the Tigray Region, this town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 2539 meters above sea level. It is surrounded by Ofla woreda.
History.
The telegraph line the Italians constructed between 1902 and 1904 from Asmara south to Addis Ababa passed through the town, and had an office in Korem. Near the town on 9 October 1909, Abraha Araya, governor of Enderta, made a surprise attack at dawn on Dejazmach Abate Bwalu, the new governor of Tigray. Abreha had declared that he would not submit to the Dejazmach. 
During the Second Italo-Abyssinian War, the Italians are said to have attacked Ethiopian soldiers near the town with shells releasing mustard gas. More certain are the reports that three planes of Ethiopian Red Cross, sitting on the airstrip at Korem, were destroyed by Italian fighters. In 1937, during the Italian occupation, the "arbegnoch" sacked Korem, which was being held by the Italians. Minister of War Ras Abebe Aregai, made Korem his headquarters during the 1943 Woyane rebellion in Tigray. The main road northwards was finally cleared on 6 October.
Korem was the location of one of the early refugee camps of the 1984 - 1985 famine in Ethiopia, housing 35,500 children in April 1983. On 21 April, the TPLF raided the town, seizing humanitarian supplies and taking seven relief workers hostage, who included two British citizens from the Save the Children Fund. The hostages were released unharmed seven weeks later near the Sudan border, but Save the Children suspended operations in Korem until September of that year.
From July 1983 up to March 1984 the monthly death toll in the Korem camp stayed under 100; then it shot up until October 1984, when the daily death toll topped 100 a day. What food aid there was in Korem in October 1984 was from the European Commission. Along with the camp at Atsbi, conditions in Korem were shown on BBC television on 23 and 24 October. UN Secretary-General Pérez de Cuéllar and his wife visited the relief center in the following month. Although international assistance greatly improved conditions in the camp, they remained grim for the inmates, who were treated as prisoners. In January 1986, an estimated 12,000 of the camp population had fled into the surrounding hills for fear of being registered for involuntary resettlement.
EPRDF forces captured Maychew and Korem 8 September 1989, afterwards continuing their advance south along the main highway.
Demographics.
Based on the 2007 national census conducted by the Central Statistical Agency of Ethiopia (CSA), this town has a total population of 16,856, of whom 7,532 are men and 9,324 women. 92.12% of the population said they were Orthodox Christians, and 7.65% were Muslim.
The 1994 census reported it had a total population of 16,895 of whom 7,371 were males and 9,524 were females.

</doc>
<doc id="5985287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985287" title="Think Tram">
Think Tram

Think Tram is a Victorian Government program aimed at improving Melbourne's tram network. The intended benefits are reduced travel time and better reliability, and better accessibility. The program is being run by VicRoads, in partnership with Yarra Trams and Public Transport Victoria. The program targets individual routes or streets with a mixture of different treatments, including the sometimes controversial Superstops.
Types of treatment.
Superstops.
Superstops are wheelchair-accessible platform stops, with rain shelters, seating, and real time arrival displays. Superstops, when served by low-floor trams, comply with the Commonwealth Disability Discrimination Act (1992). In general, introduction of superstops along a route has been accompanied by a reduction in the total number of stops and relocation of existing stops.
Traffic light priority.
Traffic lights are switched in favour of approaching trams before (or as soon as possible after) a tram stops at an intersection. Right turning traffic may also be given priority to clear the path of the tram.
Separation kerbing and right turn bans.
Yellow separation strips and/or signage are introduced to prevent turning cars from blocking the progress of trams. Right-turn bans and hook turns have been introduced at certain intersections.
Criticism.
While many tram users have welcomed the new Superstops, there has also been complaints at the reduction in the number of stops and the introduction of new mid-block stops. A "funeral", coordinated by the Public Transport Users Association, was held for the tram stops being closed, featuring a procession with coffin from the former tram stops to the Transport Minister's office. Despite these protests, the program continued.
During a trial of a number of Think Tram treatments in Clarendon Street, South Melbourne, traders complained about the reduction in parking availability. They successfully lobbied to have the departure-side stops returned to their old arrival-side configuration, although the introduced hook turns were kept.

</doc>
<doc id="5985338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985338" title="Don Sparrow">
Don Sparrow

Don Sparrow is an illustrator, writer, and artist born in Canada.
Publications in which he has been published include "Computer Arts" magazine "NUVO" magazine [http://www.nuvomagazine.com/contributor_guidelines/, "Ohio" magazine [http://www.ohiomagazine.com/ME2/Default.asp] and several others. 
He trained at Canada's prestigious Sheridan College under the tutelage of such renowned illustrators as Joe Morse Gary Taxali [http://www.garytaxali.com, "Christoph Niemann" and Kathryn Adams [http://www.kathrynadams.com]. 
His artwork has been shown in exhibitions in Hamilton, Ontario, Oakville, Ontario, and Saskatoon's Mendel Art Gallery [http://www.mendel.ca].
Senator Herbert O. Sparrow is his great-uncle.
He has also done work on album design for independent musicians such as The Fjords and Boycott Scott [http://www.boycottscott.com.

</doc>
<doc id="5985343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985343" title="K. R. Kaushik">
K. R. Kaushik

K. R. Kaushik (born September 29, 1948) is the Director General of Police (Anti-corruption bureau) of the state of Gujarat in western India. He is an IPS officer, who joined the Gujarat Police Force in 1972. He was appointed as the police commissioner of Ahmedabad during the 2002 Gujarat violence. He has also briefly served as the Director General of Police, the highest police position in the state, when the Election Commission of India appointed him as DGP during the legislative election in Gujarat in 2007. P. C. Pande, who had earlier held the post, was re-appointed as DGP after the elections by the Narendra Modi government.

</doc>
<doc id="5985344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985344" title="A.C. Belluno 1905">
A.C. Belluno 1905

Associazione Calcio Belluno 1905 is an Italian association football club located in Belluno, Veneto. Belluno currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1905.
Serie C.
It has played 9 seasons in Serie C and 2 in Serie C2. 
It was relegated from Serie C2 in 2003-04 to Serie D where it currently plays.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are yellow and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5985345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985345" title="Dr Ivan Ribar">
Dr Ivan Ribar

Dr Ivan Ribar (Serbian Cyrillic: Др Иван Рибар) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Novi Beograd.
Location.
Dr Ivan Ribar is located in the western outskirts of Novi Beograd, as the last neighborhood in that direction. It is narrow and rectangle shaped, bordered on the east by the "Dr Ivan Ribar" street and the neighborhood of Blokovi, and on the west by the mostly uninhabited field of "Jasenovo". On the south it borders the embankment on the Sava river.
History.
As one of the last neighborhoods in Novi Beograd built before the collapse of Serbian economy in the early 1990s, it initially was known only by the name, but later block numbers were assigned to it (like for the most of Novi Beograd) so the southern part of the neighborhood is now Block 71 and northern one is Block 72, so far the two highest numbers of all the blocks.
Characteristics.
The neighborhood is entirely residential. A gravel selling facility is located on the bank of the Sava river, across the embankment.
A roundabout at the end of the neighborhood is a final stop for public transportation lines connecting the neighborhood with the downtown: buses number 73, 94, 95 and 604 and trams number 7, 9 and 11.
The wide area between the buildings closest to the river and the embankment is covered with waste and garbage which gives a very ugly picture of the neighborhood, but this 10 year-old unofficial landfill is also an environmental concern, especially with frequent fires.
Dr Ivan Ribar was named after the Croatian-Yugoslav politician, Ivan Ribar (1881–1968).
Sports center.
City government designated an area of 25 hectares in the neighborhood for the future sports center. It is supposed to be entirely dedicated to the athletics, with an athletic stadium, one of only few in this part of Europe (other two are in Athens and Budapest). It would also include smaller stadium for warming up, auxiliary sports objects, a hotel and a tennis playground. Even though it was planned that complex will be finished by 2009 so it could be used during the 2009 Summer Universiade in Belgrade, as of August 2006 not just that construction didn't start, but even the project is still not being completed.

</doc>
<doc id="5985349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985349" title="Biohazard 4D-Executer">
Biohazard 4D-Executer

Biohazard 4D-Executer is a Japanese computer-animated 3D horror film based on the "Resident Evil" series of survival horror video games. It was created by Capcom in cooperation with Visual Science Laboratory, and distributed by Digital Amuse. "Biohazard 4D-Executer" was directed by Koichi Ohata, and written by Daisuke Okamoto, who was supervised by the game series developers. A limited release, the 20-minute film has been an attraction in Japanese theme parks since November 2000, and can be seen in movie theaters and smaller booths. The story centers on the mission of a military squad sent to the zombie-infested Raccoon City to locate the whereabouts of Dr. Cameron, a female scientist conducting research on a new type of virus.
Plot.
The film is set in the Midwestern American Raccoon City, whose citizens have been transformed into zombies after becoming infected with the T-virus, a biological weapon secretly developed by the pharmaceutical company Umbrella. A military squad – consisting of leader Claus (Masaki Aizawa) and his men Roger (Hiroto Torihata), Ed (Hideto Ebihara), Robert (Tadasuke Omizu) and Norman (Yoshiyuki Kaneko) – is sent into the city by the company. Members of the Umbrella Biohazard Countermeasure Service, a group specialized in containing biohazard outbreaks caused by Umbrella, their objective is to rescue Dr. Cameron (Yurika Hino), a female scientist researching a new virus.
The squad tracks a signal from her ID card, and is drawn to a warehouse, where Robert is killed during a surprise attack from an unidentified monster. The team blows the creature to pieces, but is unaware of its ability to transfer its mind to other life forms. The squad leaves to chase Dr. Cameron's now-moving signal to a manhole, and the monster follows them in the body of a crow. Norman and Roger accompany Claus into the sewers, while Ed stands guard on the street. Underground, the team finds Dr. Cameron's equipment, and is attacked by a dog. After shooting the dog, they see the doctor's ID card attached to it. Roger, who is a higher-up within Umbrella, reveals to the others that the true purpose of their mission was not to rescue Dr. Cameron, but to collect her research data regarding a new virus capable of regenerating genes. She was infected with her creation, and mutated into the monster that the squad had fought at the warehouse.
While Claus, Norman and Roger return to the surface, Ed is killed by the crow, and transforms into a creature similar to the one in the warehouse. This new monster kills Norman, but Claus and Roger can barely escape in a humvee, using a machine gun attached to the vehicle to destroy it. As the two men drive out of the city, Claus asks about the virus. Roger explains how it fuses with genes, enabling Dr. Cameron to regenerate her body in other life forms, and thus making her nearly immortal. Roger then impales Claus with tentacles, pinning him to the seat. At this point, Roger is revealed to have two faces, the second one being Dr. Cameron's. The researcher explains that she was watching them in the body of the dog while they were in the warehouse, and that she realized that Umbrella was pursuing her research data. Dr. Cameron tells Claus that he and his team turned out to be perfect guinea pigs for the virus she had created, and that she will continue her experiments, trying to return herself to a human form. Using tentacles, she rips Claus' face apart.
Production and release.
The concept for "Biohazard 4D-Executer" was originally conceived by anime director Yasuhiro Imagawa, who proposed his idea of the film to Capcom, the game company responsible for the "Resident Evil" series. The project was announced to the public in late October 1999, under the tentative title "Biohazard 4D-Horror". In the early stages of development, Imagawa was responsible for the planning and the screenplay, and he collaborated on the film with director of photography Shinji Higuchi. The final script was written by Daisuke Okamoto, under the supervision of Capcom's screenwriting subsidiary Flagship. Former Capcom Production Studio 2 game designer and producer Keiji Inafune and Flagship co-founder Noboru Sugimura served as executive supervisors. Inafune referred to the story as a "gaiden" – or side-story – for fans of the "Resident Evil" series.
The film marked director Koichi Ohata's first experience with computer-generated imagery (CGI), after his previous work on original video animations such as "MD Geist", "Cybernetics Guardian" and "Genocyber". The CGI rendering was handled by the company Visual Science Laboratory, with the creature designs provided by 3D artist Gouta Nanami. Due to the strong graphic violence depicted, shorter versions of the 20-minute film were created, from which certain scenes were cut. "Biohazard 4D-Executer" is presented in 5.1 surround sound, and features music composed and orchestrated by Yoshihiro Ike. The film was produced with a budget of 150 million yen (approx. US$1.4 million in October 1999), and saw a first screening at the Tokyo International Fantastic Film Festival on October 27, 2000. A widespread release in Japanese theme park theaters followed in November 2000. The film is shown in movie theaters for a large audience, and in single booths for a small number of viewers. For a more immersive presentation of the attraction, distributor Digital Amuse designed special cylindrical seats named "gimmick chairs", which can shake viewers and blow air on their necks.

</doc>
<doc id="5985351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985351" title="State Border Guard Service of Ukraine">
State Border Guard Service of Ukraine

State Border Guard Service of Ukraine (; abbr. "ДПСУ", DPSU) is the border guard of Ukraine. It is an independent law enforcement agency of special assignment, the head of which is subordinated to the President of Ukraine.
The Service was created on July 31, 2003 after the reorganization of the State Committee in Affairs for Protection the State Border. All the activities of the agency as well as the Sea Guard are regulated by the State Committee in Affairs for Protection of the State Border (shortly DerzhKordon).
During wartime, units of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine fall under the command of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
The State Border Guard Service of Ukraine includes the Ukrainian Sea Guard (the country's coast guard). It is also responsible for running "Temporary Detention Centres", in which refugees are held.
Current Staff.
The current head of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine is Colonel-General Mykola Mykhailovych Lytvyn (brother of Volodymyr Lytvyn). There are two first deputies: Colonel-General Pavlo Shysholin, responsible for Border Security, and Colonel-General Mykhaylo Koval, responsible for personnel/staffing.
History.
Ukrainian border guards are the national successors of the Soviet Border Troops. They were formed from the approximately 17,000 Border Troops located in Ukraine. In 1991, the organisation was first titled the "Ukrainian Border Troops", which was later subordinated to the "Ukraine's State Committee for State Border Guarding". 
From 1991 to at least 1993, the new borders with Russia and Belarus were not guarded; the Border Troops were only deployed along the western borders (minus Moldova) and on the Black Sea. Another 9,000 personnel were added to the Border Troops at the expense of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, and, by the end of 1993, border posts were established in the north along the Russian and Belarusian borders. In 1999, the authorised strength of the force was again increased to 50,000.
In 2003, new legislation was adopted, and this somewhat changed the legal status of the institution. In March 2003, the Border Troops became the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine, and its status was legally changed from 'military formation' to 'special law-enforcement body.' The force was legally granted 50,000 personnel, including 8,000 civilian employees.
Incidents.
On 4 July 2012, a State Border Guard Service Diamond DA42 aircraft failed to make its scheduled radio contact with ground units. A Search and rescue mission revealed that the plane had crashed into a wooded mountainous area in Velykyi Bereznyi Raion, killing all 3 crew members on board. A further investigation was launched.

</doc>
<doc id="5985352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985352" title="Commitment to Change">
Commitment to Change

Commitment to Change () is a centre-right political party in Argentina, principally active in the city of Buenos Aires.
The party is led by Mauricio Macri, businessman and chairman of Boca Juniors football club. It has been active since he stood to be Mayor of Buenos Aires in 2003. He won the first round but lost the runoff election with 47% of the popular vote to Aníbal Ibarra. The party did however win a large number of members of the city legislature. 
In 2003 Commitment to Change also won several seats in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies, the lower house of the Argentine Congress. In 2005 the party teamed up with the centre-right party of Ricardo López Murphy, Recreate for Growth, principally active in Buenos Aires Province. The new alliance was named Republican Proposal - "Propuesta Republicana" or usually PRO. The front won nine deputies in the 2005 legislative elections. Macri became a deputy in 2006.
Ahead of the 2007 elections, Macri and López Murphy have been in discussions with Jorge Sobisch, governor of Neuquén Province and likely presidential candidate in 2007, to create a nationwide centre-right political force. López Murphy has fallen out with Sobisch but discussions between Commitment to Change and Sobisch continue.

</doc>
<doc id="5985359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985359" title="Qaysān, Abdullah Qeissan">
Qaysān, Abdullah Qeissan

Qaysān or Qeissan or Abdullah Qeissan or Abdullah is a town in Blue Nile State, south-eastern Sudan near the border with Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="5985360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985360" title="Luis Ángel Landín">
Luis Ángel Landín

Luis Ángel Landín (born 23 July 1985 in Zamora) is a Mexican footballer. He currently plays for Ballenas Galeana on loan from Morelia.
Career.
Professional.
Landín began his footballing career as a talent in the youth development system of the Pachuca football club. Landín made Mexican First Division debut in 2004 with the Pachuca senior team and played with the club until 2007. For the Apertura season of 2007, Landín was sold to Monarcas Morelia where he served as a striker. For the Clausura season of 2009, he was loaned to Cruz Azul.
Landín signed with Major League Soccer side Houston Dynamo on 20 August 2009, as the club's firstDesignated Player. Landin was released by the Houston Dynamo on 14 July 2010 after less than one season with the team. Landín signed with Atlante on loan on 16 July 2010, two days later.
International.
Landín made his Mexican national team debut on 1 March 2006, in a friendly against Ghana in Frisco, Texas. Landín was called in to replace an injured Jared Borgetti in the 2007 Copa América, where he made two appearances. He also played for Mexico U-23 in the 2008 CONCACAF Men's Pre-Olympic Tournament as Mexico failed to qualify for the Olympics.
Personal.
In 2009, Landín married his girlfriend Viridiana Fernández. The couple had their first child while his stint at Houston.
Adidas sponsors Landín and he can be seen sporting F50i's in games.

</doc>
<doc id="5985364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985364" title="Yoshimi Usui">
Yoshimi Usui

Usui won the 1974 Tanizaki Prize for "Azumino" (安曇野). It does not appear that any of his works have been translated to English.

</doc>
<doc id="5985366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985366" title="Christine Caughey">
Christine Caughey

Christine Caughey is a former City Councillor in Auckland City, New Zealand, for the Action Hobson ticket. She was successful on gaining election in the 2004 local body elections on an anti-motorway platform.
She was awarded Metro Magazine's Aucklander of the Year in 2004, primarily for the role she played in politically defeating the Eastern Transport Corridor roading element that was proposed for Hobson Bay by the Waitemata Harbour.
Caughey had unsuccessfully stood for City Vision in a community board by-election in 2003. Caughey stood again in the Hobson ward for the 2007 local body elections, but was defeated along with all other members of her Action Hobson team.
In July 2008, Caughey was appointed by the Government to the board of the New Zealand Transport Agency.
She is also an Auckland Waterfront Development Agency Board Member.

</doc>
<doc id="5985370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985370" title="Kurmuk">
Kurmuk

Kurmuk is a town in south-eastern Sudan near the border with Ethiopia.
Kurmuk is inhabited by the Uduk and Berta peoples and is controlled by the SPLM. 
Kurmuk is the administrative center for most of Gindi District, Kolnugura district, Borfa District, Jammus Omm District, Chali District, Penawayu District, Bee District, Balila District and Yabus who find better medical services in Kurmuk. Lt. General and Governor Malik Agar currently names Kurmuk the capital city of Southern Blue Nile. Malik Agar is the former SPLM commander who is currently the governor of Blue Nile state.
The population of Kurmuk includes a number of Muslim and Christian Communities. Many of the Uduk people have converted to Christianity. Other ethnic groups include the Igansina, Jumum and Mufuwu in Kurmuk.
History.
In January 1932, Sudanese and Ethiopian officials met at Kurmuk to resolve problems caused by Ethiopian slavers preying on villages in Sudan.
Due to the numerous ethnic groups living in and around Kurmuk, many of whom feel marginalized by the Islamic tendencies of the central government, the city has been a political hotspot since rebellion against the Islamic regime in 1983.
Due to lack of education in Kurmuk County particularly, the Minister/Advisory of the Governor Steven Amath Dicko convened with his Uduk group in November 2008 in an attempt to tax citizens as means to generate revenues to bring primary schools and secondary educations to every district of the Uduk. To alleviate this deficiency, United States Agency for International Development built the Granville-Abbas Girls' Secondary School in Kurmuk, which was opened 8 March 2010. The school was named for an American diplomat and his Sudanese colleague who were both assassinated in Khartoum on January 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5985374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985374" title="Calico Mills">
Calico Mills

The Calico Mills was one of Ahmedabad’s earliest textile mills established in 1880. It closed in 1998 and a public auction in 2010 saw the land, plant and machinery sold.
For half a century, under the stewardship of Ambalal Sarabhai, the Calico Mills became one of the most modern and extensively diversified pacesetters of the Indian cotton industry. Calico was the first Indian mill to give shareholders cloth at concessional rates. It was the first Indian textile mill to make cotton sewing thread, and later 100% synthetic sewing thread.
Calico main textile unit was the only textile plant in Ahmedabad to be fuelled by natural gas, with virtually no smoke and no air pollution. To minimize water pollution, Calico had its own primary effluent processing plant, which ensured that no waste was thrown directly into municipal sewers.
Calico erected India’s first Diamond Mesh Mosquito Netting plant in 1937, another first in India. In 1947, it diversified into chemicals, the manufacture of Caustic Soda, Chlorine and related products. Calico also erected India’s first PVC plant. In 1974, Calico commissioned its Polyester Fibre Plant in collaboration with ICI, (UK), producing four exclusive grades of Polyester Fibres, besides three superior conventional grades.

</doc>
<doc id="5985375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985375" title="Daga Post">
Daga Post

Daga Post is a town in northeastern South Sudan on the Daga River, near the border with Ethiopia. It lies on the same longitude as Addis Ababa, the Ethiopian capital.

</doc>
<doc id="5985380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985380" title="Er Roseires">
Er Roseires

Er Roseires (Arabic الروصيرص ) is a town in eastern Sudan 60 km from the border with Ethiopia.
Lord Prudhoe mentions this town in the 1829 diary he kept while travelling in the Sennar. At the time it was the residence of one Sheikh Suliman, ruler of the lower reach of the Blue Nile (known as "Bahr-el-azrek"), for which he paid 1500 ounces of gold to the Egyptians out of his revenues.
The Roseires Dam is located just upstream of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="5985391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985391" title="Tahitian Football Federation">
Tahitian Football Federation

The Tahitian Football Federation () is the governing body of football in French Polynesia.

</doc>
<doc id="5985401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985401" title="F.C. Bolzano 1996">
F.C. Bolzano 1996

F.C. Bolzano 1996 is an Italian association football club located in Bolzano (German: "Bozen"). It currently plays in the Promozione. Its colors are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5985404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985404" title="Wawa, Sudan">
Wawa, Sudan

Wawa is a town in northern Sudan near the Nile River, located at 20°26′N 30°21′E.

</doc>
<doc id="5985405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985405" title="Stainless Night">
Stainless Night

Storyline.
Part 1
For 10 years, Linea (or Linear) was asleep in a capsule. When she awoke, she could not remember her past. The only thing she could remember was her name.
The next day, two women, Sayaka and Misuzu were going to a small research center to go on vacation. After they had things settled, they were planning to go swimming, but Misuzu had plans for Sayaka. Misuzu made love to Sayaka in the swimming pool dressing room, but as they were doing it, they were rudely interrupted by Aki, Misuzu's other girlfriend. She apparently interrupted their alone time and stayed with them. 
That night, Sayaka's dog, Luey, heard something outside and made Sayaka search for Luey as he ran out of her room finding him. She found Linea, to her surprise, but Linea fainted. She took her back to the research center. In her unconscious state, she had nightmares of people experimenting her. When she came to, she told Sayaka and Misuzu who she was and that she had no memory what so ever. They found out that she was an android and decided to keep her around for experimentation instead of giving her to the proper authorities. As Sayaka was helping her clean up, she developed an attraction to Linea.
In the morning, they decided to check on Linea on whats wrong with her. There seemed to be a special chip inside of her, and there was no sign of why she lost her memory. After that, they decided to go on the picnic to get their mind off things, not realizing that Linea was being hunted by a female android who planned to kill her. 
After their picnic, that night, Linea, all of a sudden, was filled with sexual urges and used Sayaka to satisfy her needs, calling Sayaka her master. Sayaka found out that Linea can make love to both men and women (futanari). That night, they made love and fell in love with each other. After the sex, the whole research center had a black out, as a result of the chip implanted on Linea.
Part 2
Sayaka woke up from a dream that she had, about Linea and what they did last night. She went down the stair and finds Misuzu and Linea setting up breakfast. Misuzu was curious on what she and Linea were doing last night but she covers it all up.
Aki was outside with Luey feeling jealous for Misuzu since she was at the research center with Sayaka and Linea. She decides to masturbate onto a tree. She was interrupted by the female android who plans to kill Linea. She rapes Aki. As Misuzu was checking on Linea, she discovers Aki hanging on the tree, still alive but passed out. Misuzu took Aki to the hospital while Linea and Sayaka stayed at the research center. But Misuzu and Aki ended up in an accident caused by a female hunting android. While Sayaka and Linea stayed in the research center, Linea talks about her past to Sayaka and wished that she never existed, but Sayaka comforted Linea which ended both characters to make love to each other once more. But they were interrupted by the cyborg that was hunting Linea. Linea who cared about Sayaka took the fight outside and it almost ended up with Linea losing but with her chip implanted in her, she manages to win the battle. Once it was over, she left Sayaka in search for her master.

</doc>
<doc id="5985406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985406" title="Arnold Haskell">
Arnold Haskell

Arnold Lionel Haskell (19 July 1903, London – 14 November 1980, Bath) was a British dance critic who founded the Camargo Society in 1930. With Ninette de Valois, he was influential in the development of the Royal Ballet School, later becoming the school's headmaster.
He became fascinated by ballet when his mother prevailed on him to come with her to see the thirteen-year-old Alicia Markova at Seraphine Astafieva's studio in Chelsea.
Haskell first went to Australia in 1936 with the visiting Monte Carlo Russian Ballet as a publicist/reporter, writing articles and reviews for several Australian newspapers and journals, such as "The Home", and sent reports home to England for magazines such as the "Dancing Times". His book Dancing round the World, published in London in 1937, is an account of his adventures on that tour.
He returned to Australia in 1938 to gather material for "Waltzing Matilda: a background to Australia" published in 1943. On this second visit he continued writing articles and reviews for Australian newspapers and magazines, this time for the second Ballets Russes company to tour Australia, the Covent Garden Russian Ballet. The Australian copy of Waltzing Matilda comes in a green copy and is published by the Readers Union.
In 1974, Haskell was awarded an Honorary Degree (Doctor of Letters) by the University of Bath.

</doc>
<doc id="5985410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985410" title="El Khandaq">
El Khandaq

El Khandaq is a town in northern Sudan on the River Nile.
It is the site of an important fortress with beginnings dating to the Christian Period. During the 19th Century (Turkiyya) the town expanded much beyond the fortress to become one of the places with something like urban institutions in Northern Sudan, although it is now largely depopulated.

</doc>
<doc id="5985416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985416" title="Great Green Wall">
Great Green Wall

The Great Green Wall or Great Green Wall of the Sahara and the Sahel Initiative (French: "Grande Muraille Verte pour le Sahara et le Sahel") is a planned project to plant a wall of trees across Africa at the southern edge of the Sahara desert as a means to prevent desertification. It was developed by the African Union to address the detrimental social, economic and environmental impacts of land degradation and desertification in the Sahel and the Sahara.
Presentation.
From the initial idea of a line of trees from east to west through the African desert, the vision of a Great Green Wall has evolved into that of a mosaic of interventions addressing the challenges facing the people in the Sahel and the Sahara. The Initiative is a partnership that supports the effort of local communities in the sustainable management and use of forests, rangelands and other natural resources in drylands. It also seeks to contribute to climate change mitigation and adaptation, as well as improve food security in the Sahel and the Sahara.
History.
During an expedition to the Sahara in 1952 Richard St. Barbe Baker proposed a ‘Green front’ to act as a front-line of Trees 30 miles deep to contain the desert.
The Idea then re-emerged in 2002, at the special summit in N'Djamena (Chad) on the occasion of the World Day to Combat Desertification and Drought.
It was approved by the Conference of Leaders and Heads of States members of the Community of Sahel-Saharan States during their seventh ordinary session held in Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso) in June 1 and 2, 2005.
Since 2005, the Great Green Wall concept has developed considerably. Lessons learned from the Algerian Great Dam or the Green Wall of China led to understand the need of an integrated multi-sectorial approach for sustainable results. From a tree planting initiative, the Great Green Wall for the Sahara and the Sahel has evolved to a development programming tool. In 2007, during the eight ordinary session of the Conference of Heads of State and Governments held on January 29 and 30, 2007 in Addis-Ababa (Ethiopia), African Heads of State and Government endorsed the Great Green Wall for the Sahara and the Sahel Initiative with the objective of tackling the detrimental social, economic and environmental impacts of land degradation and desertification in the region.
Together, eleven Sahelo-Saharan states (Burkina Faso, Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sudan and Chad) created the Panafrican Agency of the Great Green Wall (PAGGW).
The first step towards the Great Green Wall was set with the development of a Harmonized regional strategy for implementation of the Great Green Wall Initiative of the Sahara and the Sahel that was adopted in September 2012 by the African Ministerial Conference on Environment (AMCEN). According to AMCEN, the Great Green Wall is a flagship program that contribute to the goal of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, or RIO+20, of "a land degradation neutral world".
Partners.
The Great Green Wall for the Sahara and Sahel Initiative is an African Union program bringing together more than 20 countries from the Sahelo-Saharan region including Algeria, Burkina Faso, Benin, Chad, Cape Verde, Djibouti, Egypt, Ethiopia, Libya, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Somalia, Sudan, the Gambia and Tunisia.
The Initiative is backed by many regional and international organizations, including:
Major principles.
The Great Green Wall of the Sahara and the Sahel concept has been defined in the continuity of discussions by the African Union Commission (AUC) and the CEN-SAD Secretariat. The Initiative is considered as a set of integrated actions related to issues “affecting people livelihoods in Sahel and Sahara”. The GGWSSI is not only a reforestation initiative, it is a programming tool for rural development.
The geographical scope of the Great Green Wall is defined as the Saharan strip, north and south borders, including Saharan oases and enclaves, such as Cape Verde.
The GGWSSI strengthens existing mechanisms (such as Comprehensive African Agricultural Development Program, Environmental Program (CAADP) of NEPAD, regional, sub-regional, and national action programs to combat desertification) to improve their efficiency in the Sahel-Saharan regions through synergy and coordination activities.
In order to ensure the success of this Initiative, the Regional Harmonised Strategy points out the importance of partnerships between stakeholders (at national, sub-regional and regional scales), integration of the Initiative in existing national regional and local programs, sharing and capitalization of lessons learned (especially through South-South cooperation and technology transfer), local participation and ownership of actions, developing a more integrated and global planning.

</doc>
<doc id="5985421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985421" title="Deim Zubeir">
Deim Zubeir

Deim Zubeir is a town in western South Sudan 70 km from the border with the Central African Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="5985424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985424" title="Nikolče Noveski">
Nikolče Noveski

Nikolče Noveski (; born 28 April 1979 in Bitola, SR Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian footballer. He plays as a defender (centre back) for German Bundesliga outfit 1. FSV Mainz 05.
Noveski scored two goals for Mainz in 2005–06 season and is a first team player. During Mainz's 2005–06 UEFA Cup run he also played six times. Noveski is also a regular starter for the Macedonia national football team since the 2006 World Cup qualifying campaign and has made 51 caps for his country, scoring three times.
Noveski played a big part in Mainz's ninth place finish during the 2009–10 season as he played in 33 out of a possible 34 games. He is also a captain of Mainz's squad.
Noveski scored six own goals in the Bundesliga by now what makes him the leading "own goal scorer" in the Bundesliga history.

</doc>
<doc id="5985433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985433" title="Clodiense S.S.D.">
Clodiense S.S.D.

Clodiense Società Sportiva Dilettantistica S.r.l. is an Italian association football club located in Chioggia, Veneto. It plays in Serie D.
History.
From A.S.D. Clodiense to Clodiense S.S.D..
The club was founded on 19 July 2011 as A.S.D. Clodiense after the merger of A.C. Chioggia Sottomarina and A.S.D. Sottomarina Lido. The club started to play in Eccellenza Veneto (the last league of "A.S.D. Sottomarina Lido") and gained promotion to serie D after just one season.
In the summer 2012 it was renamed with the current name.
The origins.
From Union Clodia Sottomarina F.B.C. to A.C. Chioggia Sottomarina.
After many years in Serie C, in 1977 the team was relegated to lower divisions.
In 1989 the club changed its name to "S.S.C. Chioggia Sottomarina" and in 1995 to A.C. Chioggia Sottomarina and three years later, it was promoted from Eccellenza Veneto to Serie D.
In the summer 2011 it does not join to the 2011-12 Serie D.
A.S.D. Sottomarina Lido.
Sottomarina Lido was refounded in 2006 with the traditional colors black and green, restarting from Promozione Veneto acquiring the sports title of "Fossò" by businessman Ivano Boscolo Bielo. Thanks to the former executive of "A.C. Chioggia Sottomarina" for ten years, the football returned thus in the fraction of Sottomarina after 35 years.
In its last season it played in 2010-11 Eccellenza Veneto.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are all-dark red, in reference to the Grande Torino, were two players born in Chiaggia, brothers Aldo and Dino Ballarin, played.

</doc>
<doc id="5985437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985437" title="Nirma">
Nirma

Nirma is a group of companies based in the city of Ahmedabad in western India that manufactures products ranging from cosmetics, soaps, detergents, salt, soda ash, LAB and Injectables. Karsanbhai Patel, a well known entrepreneur and philanthropist of Gujarat, started Nirma as a one-man operation. Today Nirma has over 15000 employees and a turnover of over Rs. 3550 crores. In 2004, Nirma's detergent approached 800,000 tonnes – one of the largest volumes sold in the world – under a single brand 'NIRMA'.
Overview.
Starting as a one-product, one-man outfit from a room in 1969, Nirma became a very successful company within three decades. The company had multi-locational manufacturing facilities, and a broad product portfolio under an umbrella brand – Nirma. The company's mission to provide, "Better Products, Better Value, Better Living" contributed a great deal to its success.
Nirma successfully countered competition from HUL and carved a niche for itself in the lower-end of the detergents and toilet soap market. The brand name became almost synonymous with low-priced detergents and toilet soaps. However, Nirma realized that it would have to launch products for the upper end of the market to retain its middle class consumers who would graduate to the upper end. The company launched toilet soaps for the premium segment. However, analysts felt that Nirma would not be able to repeat its success story in the premium segment.
In 2000, Nirma had a 15% share in the toilet soap segment and more than 30% share in the detergent market.
Aided by growth in volumes and commissioning of backward integration projects, Nirma's turnover for the year ended March 2000 increased by 17% over the previous fiscal, to Rs. 12.17 bn.
History.
In 1969, Dr. Karsanbhai Patel, a chemist at the Gujarat Government's Department of Mining and Geology manufactured phosphate free Synthetic Detergent Powder, and started selling it locally. The new yellow powder was priced at Rs. 3.50 per kg, at a time when HUL's Surf was priced at Rs 15. Soon, there was a huge demand for Nirma in Ruppur (Gujarat), Patel's hometown. He started packing the formulation in a 10x10ft room in his house. Patel named the powder as Nirma, after his daughter Nirupama. Patel was able to sell about 15-20 packets a day on his way to the office on bicycle, some 15 km away. By 1985, Nirma washing powder had become one of the most popular, household detergents in many parts of the country.
By 1999, Nirma was a major consumer brand – offering a range of detergents, soaps and personal care products. In keeping with its philosophy of providing quality products at the best possible prices, Nirma brought in the latest technology for its manufacturing facilities at six locations in India. Nirma's success in the highly competitive soap and detergent market was attributed to its brand promotion efforts, which was complemented by its distribution reach and market penetration. Nirma's network consisted of about 400 distributors and over 2 million retail outlets across the country. This huge network enabled Nirma to make its products available to the smallest village.
In November, 2007, Nirma purchased the American raw materials company Searles Valley Minerals Inc. - making it among Top-7 Soda Ash manufacturer in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5985442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985442" title="Shropshire (UK Parliament constituency)">
Shropshire (UK Parliament constituency)

Shropshire (a.k.a. "Salop") is a former United Kingdom Parliamentary constituency. It was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of England, then of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1707 to 1800, and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1832. It was represented by two Knights of the Shire. It was divided between the constituencies of North Shropshire and South Shropshire in 1832.

</doc>
<doc id="5985447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985447" title="Anjuvannam">
Anjuvannam

Anjuvannam (Anjuvannan for a person in the community) refers to the Jewish community/colony (corporation/guild) at Cochin (Cochin Jews), southern India.
The title derives from the ancient Hindu varna system of social division, as any person not belonging to one of the four varnas (Brahmin, Kshatriya, Vaishya and Shudra) was referred to as an "Anjuvannan". The word comes from the Malayalam words "anju" (five/fifth) and "vannam" or "varnam" (varna).
Since the 11th century AD, the term was used in India to refer primarily to a merchant community of Jews in Malabar, whose leader was granted land rights by Cera king. He authorized Issuppu Irappan (interpreted to be Joseph Rabban, a prominent Jewish merchant chief on the Malabar Coast) to own, inhabit, trade and prosper on an exclusive land at the port of Cranganore, near Cochin. 
From the 18th century on-wards, the term Anjuvannam is not widely used.

</doc>
<doc id="5985462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985462" title="A Witness">
A Witness

A Witness were an alternative rock band formed in 1982 in Stockport, Greater Manchester, England, by Rick Aitken (guitar), Vince Hunt (bass) and a drum machine, in 1986 replaced by Alan Brown (of Big Flame fame). Keith Curtis (vocals) and Noel Kilbride (guitar) joined the group in 1983. Triss King, drummer with Bogshed, replaced Brown for the recording of the band's final 12" record and their last gigs. King died in 2008. In November 2013 A Witness reformed with a new line-up to play dates in 2014 marking the 25th anniversary of the death of guitarist Rick Aitken.
Career.
Initially signing to the Ron Johnson label, debut EP "Loudhailer Songs" put them at the forefront of a wave of Beefheart-influenced bands that emerged in the mid-1980s, and won praise from the "NME". A review of the EP in "Sounds" described it as "pop music perfectly perverted". They gained further attention due to the inclusion of the track "Sharpened Sticks" on the NME's C86 cassette in the following year. 
Debut album "I Am John's Pancreas" followed in October 1986, entering the NME charts and reaching a position of number 18. After a tour of Germany and Holland with Ron Johnson labelmates Big Flame, A Witness recruited multi-instrumentalist Alan Brown on drums to replace the drum machine. He also contributed arrangement and songwriting ideas, including co-writing final single '(I Love You) Mr Disposable Razors'. With Brown on drums A Witness released a further two 12" singles on Ron Johnson (one each in 1987 and 1988) before its collapse. Communion issued the US-only "Sacred Cow Heart" compilation in 1988.
When Brown moved on to launch his solo project The Great Leap Forward, he was replaced on the drum stool by Triss King, a gifted drummer who had worked with quirky Hebden Bridge-based outfit Bogshed. King recorded the studio versions of the band's final single '(I Love You) Mr Disposable Razors' and played on the final A Witness gigs when the band were rehearsing mostly in Liverpool, where he lived. 
However the group was shattered by the death of guitarist Rick Aitken aged 33 in a climbing accident in Scotland in October 1989, just before a UK tour supporting The Wedding Present that would have re-restablished their profile. Stunned by Aitken's death, the band retired rather than continue. The third and fourth A Witness BBC radio sessions for John Peel were collected on an album ("The Peel Sessions"), and a single "I Love You Mr. Disposable Razors" which had been due for release at the time of Aitken's death was delayed so it could be dedicated to him. The single was issued in November 1989 on the Vinyl Drip label. The Imaginary compilation series "Through the Looking Glass 1966" included their cover version of The Beatles' "Tomorrow Never Knows" and "Through The Looking Glass 1967" compilation (1990) included their cover of The Doors' track "Break on Through (To the Other Side)".
Keith Curtis went on to play guitar for John Robb's Membranes and bass in Goldblade. Vince Hunt recorded three critically acclaimed soundscape albums as Pure Sound (Yukon (2006), Submarine (2007), Acts of New Noise (2008) then converted the band into a live unit featuring Harry Stafford (keyboards, Inca Babies), Rob Haynes (drums, Goldblade) and Boz Hayward (guitar, HoundGod). The band released a fourth album in June 2010 called 'Life Under Glass'. Hunt was also a founder member of Marshall Smith in 1997, with Alan Brown and former Pram drummer Daren Garratt, recording a debut album 'Colours'. Hunt joined the Inca Babies in 2009 replacing Bill Marten and played on the albums 'Death Message Blues' (2010) and 'Deep Dark Blue' (2012).
Interest in A Witness has never waned, and a retrospective, "Threaphurst Lane", was issued on Overground Records in 2002, while 2006 saw the reissue of "I Am John's Pancreas" for the first time on CD on Hunt's own Euphonium label, home to his various musical interests.
Paris concert footage.
In September 2011 footage of A Witness in concert in Paris recorded twenty five years earlier was uploaded to YouTube. The concert - from December 1986 - featured five tracks, two from the album 'I Am John's Pancreas.' ‘Sharpened Sticks’ was included on the NME’s collection C-86 and ‘The Loudhailer Song’ was part of a collection of tracks from the period included in a compilation Death To Trad Rock, accompanying John Robb’s 2010 book.
The three other tracks – ‘Nodding Dog Moustache’, ‘Faglane Morris Wind’ and ‘Raw Patch’ – formed the bulk of the following A Witness 12” single 'One Foot in the Groove', their 1988 final release with Ron Johnson.
The Oberhausen tapes.
A chance meeting between German A Witness fan Wolfgang Kunst and bassist Vince Hunt at an Inca Babies gig at the 12-Bar venue in London in October 2011 led to previously unknown footage of A Witness emerging. 
Kunst had been in the audience for a concert featuring A Witness and Big Flame at the Oberhausen Old Daddy venue on 9.9.1986 and later ordered from the local record shop a VHS copy of a video featuring four new UK bands: A Witness, Big Flame, Age of Chance and The Wedding Present.
In a subsequent conversation in late 2012, he offered to send the VHS to Hunt, who had it digitised and uploaded to You Tube in January 2013. 
The footage features six songs from the album ‘I Am John’s Pancreas’ which was released on Ron Johnson Records just weeks after the show. The songs are ‘Smelt Like a Pedestrian’, ‘O’Grady’s Dream’. ‘The Loudhailer Song’, ‘Sharpened Sticks’, ‘Red Snake’ and ‘Hard Day’s Love’. 
There are also performances of ‘Camera’ and ‘Lucky In London’ (from the November 1984 EP ‘Loudhailer Songs’, their first release for the Ron Johnson label). This was the first live footage to emerge of ‘Lucky in London’, ‘O’Grady’s Dream’, ‘Red Snake’ and ‘Hard Day’s Love’, some of the group's best-known songs.
The line-up of the band for this show is Rick Aitken (guitar), Vince Hunt (bass) and Keith Curtis (vocals) with a Drumatix 606 providing the rhythm section. Hunt later sold the 606 to John Robb, who owned it as of Dec 2012.
Reforming with new line-up.
To mark the 25th anniversary of the death of guitarist Rick Aitken, founder member Vince Hunt assembled a new line-up of the band to perform some live dates. One-time drummer Alan Brown replaced Aitken and singer Crayola (of the group Sarandon) took over vocal duties from Keith Curtis. Goldblade and Inca Babies drummer Rob Haynes joined the line-up with Vince Hunt remaining on bass. The band announced a live show in London N1 in April 2014 as the first in a series of gigs which became a double header with art punk veterans The Cravats. A Witness will also perform at the live concert in London on June 14 marking the re-issue of the C-86 album by Cherry Red Records featuring The Wedding Present.

</doc>
<doc id="5985468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985468" title="T.A.T.u. Remixes">
T.A.T.u. Remixes

t.A.T.u. Remixes, or simply Remixes, is an official compilation of remixes from t.A.T.u.. The album features remixes from "200 Po Vstrechnoy" as well as from "200 km/h in the Wrong Lane" and some new remixes. The Russian release included one CD format, other one includes two CDs and one DVD that featured music videos, video remixes and live performances, however, other releases did not include an extra CD or DVD.
There were two singles from the album; "Prostye Dvizhenia" and "Ne Ver' Ne Boysia". "Prostye Dvizhenia" was released first. The song did not chart in any country, and the official release was cancelled, due to the lack of promotion of the single. To date, this album is the only album to date to have "Prostye Dvizheniya".
"Ne Ver Ne Boysia ne Prosi" was released as a single as well. The song was used for the Eurovision Song Contest in 2003. The group represented Russia in Riga, Latvia. The group were placed third. A music video was released on their official YouTube account. The song was also used on their greatest hits album "The Best" (2006).
Track listing and release dates.
Japanese edition.
The Japanese edition was released September 26, 2003. It debuted at #105 for 5 weeks, and sold 7,761 copies. It is identical to the Asian & European edition, except that track 1 (Blackpulke Remix) is replaced by:
Russian edition.
The Russian edition was released November 25, 2003. It is available as one CD format, which only includes the first CD in this listing, as well as a two CD format without the DVD.
Taiwanese edition.
The Taiwanese edition was released on cassette tape.

</doc>
<doc id="5985471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985471" title="Word of Mouth (The Kinks album)">
Word of Mouth (The Kinks album)

Word of Mouth is the twentieth studio album by the English rock group, The Kinks. 
"Do It Again" was released as a single from the album in 1985.
Information.
The track "Living on a Thin Line" by Dave Davies was played thrice in the 2001 episode "University" of the American TV show "The Sopranos". According to producer Terence Winter on the DVD extras, it is the series' most asked about song.
The song "Good Day" includes an allusion to the death of actress Diana Dors.
The song "Do It Again" was featured in the film "Click" (released in 2006), and in trailers that were promoting the film.
The Song "Do It Again" was used in TV ad promotions for the 2013 edition of the Tour de France.
Track listing.
All songs by Ray Davies, except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5985484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985484" title="Pomme d'Or">
Pomme d'Or

The Pomme d'Or () is a prize for excellence in the tourism industry awarded by FIJET, the European association of professional travel writers and journalists. It is awarded yearly to an organization, location or person for recognising superior efforts in promoting and raising the level of tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="5985488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985488" title="Intel 82497">
Intel 82497

The Intel 82497 is a Cache Controller for the P5 Pentium processor. It works with multiple 82492 Cache SRAMs.
Technical description.
The 82497 Cache Controller implements the MESI write-back protocol for full multiprocessing support. Dual ported buffers and registers allow the 82497 to concurrently handle CPU bus, memory bus, and internal cache operation for maximum performance.
The 82497 Cache Controller with multiple 82492 Cache SRAMs combine with the Pentium processor (735\90,815\100, 1000\120, 1110\133) to form a CPU cache chip set designed for high performance servers and function-rich desktops. The high-speed interconnect between the CPU and cache components has been optimized to provide zero-wait state operation. This CPU cache chip set is fully compatible with existing software, and has data integrity features for mission critical applications.
The 82497 Cache Controller implements the MESI write-back protocol for full multiprocessing support. Dual ported buffers and registers allow the 82497 to concurrently handle CPU bus, memory bus, and internal cache operation for maximum performance. The 82492 is a customized high performance SRAM that supports 32-, 64-, and 128-bit wide memory bus widths, 16-, 32-, and 64-byte line sizes, and optional sectoring. The data path between the CPU bus and the memory bus is separated by the 82492, allowing the CPU bus to handshake synchronously, asynchronously, or with a strobed protocol, and allowing concurrent CPU bus and memory bus operations.

</doc>
<doc id="5985491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985491" title="List of public housing estates in Hong Kong">
List of public housing estates in Hong Kong

This is a list of public housing estates in Hong Kong. Many of them are properties of Hong Kong Housing Authority (HKHA), while some of them are properties of Hong Kong Housing Society (HKHS).
Islands District.
SOURCES:
Hong Kong Housing Authority;
Hong Kong Housing Society
NOTES: 

</doc>
<doc id="5985497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985497" title="A.C. Este">
A.C. Este

Associazione Calcio Este is an Italian association football club located in Este, Padua. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1920.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are yellow and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5985503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985503" title="Adrian Hardiman">
Adrian Hardiman

Adrian Hardiman (born 1951) has been a justice of the Supreme Court of Ireland since 7 February 2000. He received the rare honour of being appointed directly from the Bar to Ireland's highest court. Many commentators were surprised by his appointment as he was (by judicial standards) a relatively young man making it likely he would serve on the court for an unusually long time. Hardiman was also a noted bon viveur whilst a barrister and by tradition was required post appointment to not socialise in the same manner that he had done before. Prior to his elevation to the Supreme Court, he was one of the leading and best paid members of the Irish bar.
Education.
Educated by the Jesuits at Belvedere College, Dublin and University College Dublin (where he studied history) and Kings Inns. He was president of the Student Union at UCD and Auditor of the Literary and Historical Society (University College Dublin) and won The Irish Times National Debating Championship in 1973.
Family.
His wife, Yvonne Murphy, from County Donegal, is a judge of the Circuit Court and was appointed on 28 March 2006 to Chair the Commission of Investigation into sexual abuse by Catholic clergy from, or attached to, the Archdiocese of Dublin between 1 January 1975 and 1 May 2004. They have three sons, one of whom, Eoin, is a barrister (and a member of the "Mountjoy Prison Visiting Committee"); another, Hugh, was a personal assistant to Michael McDowell, when he was Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform, and Daniel (Medical Student).
Political career.
He joined Fianna Fáil in college and stood (unsuccessfully) for the party in the local elections in 1979. Despite his Fianna Fáil activism he became a founder member of the Progressive Democrats and left the party when appointed to the Supreme Court. He is still considered to be very close to the former party leader and ex-Tánaiste, Michael McDowell and up to his appointment to the Supreme Court was reported to be donating £10,000 to the parties finances. Politically, he was pro-choice, being active in the "anti-amendment" campaign during the 1982 Abortion Referendum and later represented the Well Woman Centre in the early 1990s.
Key judgments.
Hardiman has written a number of important judgments since joining the Court. He has also presided (as does each Supreme Court judge on a rotating basis) over the Court of Criminal Appeal. The following is a selection of judgments delivered by Mr Justice Hardiman, in reverse chronological order:

</doc>
<doc id="5985505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985505" title="Govindavadi">
Govindavadi

Govindavadi is a small village near Kancheepuram temple town in Kancheepuram district in Tamil Nadu, India. Kancheepuram is about 100 km from Chennai and is also famous for its world famous silk sarees. It is also near Agaram.
Gurusthalam Temple.
Govindavadi is locally known for the Gurusthalam temple, a shrine dedicated to the Hindu deity Dakshinamoorthy. It is said that Govinda Swamy Perumal along with his family was tutored the Vedas by Dakshinamoorthy at this Temple and hence the name.
Every Thursday is considered as a special occasion and devotees visit this temple in large numbers on that day. Guru preethi pooja may be done to overcome any issues/obstacles posed by the influence of planet Guru.
This is also the only exclusive shrine for Lord Dakshinamurthy. Normally in other shrines the Lord is in the Southern side of the Main/presiding deity with no gopuram/tower. However, at Govindavadi Temple the main presiding deity is Lord Dakshinamoorththy with other deities around. 
With the blessings of Shri Shri Shri Maha Swamigal, the timber for Dhwaja Sthambham was contributed (Samarpanam) by Andukuri Adinarayana, Timber Merchants, Chennai in the year 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="5985512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985512" title="King Ezana's Stela">
King Ezana's Stela

King Ezana's Stela is the central obelisk still standing in the Northern Stelae Park (containing hundreds of smaller and less decorated stelae) in the ancient city of Axum, in modern-day Ethiopia. This stela is probably the last erected one and the biggest of those remained unbroken. King Ezana's Stela stands 70 feet (21 m) tall, smaller than the fallen 108-foot (33 m) Great Stela and the better-known 79-foot (24 m), so-called, Obelisk of Axum (reassembled and unveiled on September 4, 2008). At its base, it is decorated with a false door, and apertures resembling windows on all sides.
History.
This obelisk, properly termed a "stela" ("hawilt" or "hawilti") since it did not end in a pyramid, was carved and erected in the 4th century by subjects of the Kingdom of Aksum, an ancient Ethiopian civilization. The function of these stelae is supposed to be that of "markers" for underground burial chambers. The largest of the grave markers were for royal burial chambers and were decorated with multi-story false windows and false doors, while nobility would have smaller, less decorated ones. King Ezana's Stela is, likely, the last example of this practice, outdated after the conversion of Axumites to Christianity. It is named after King Ezana, the first monarch of Axum to embrace Christianity, following the teachings and examples of his childhood tutor Frumentius. King Ezana's Stela is also the only one of the three major "royal" obelisks (the others being the Great Stela and the Obelisk of Axum) that never broke off. The Italians seriously damaged one of these, breaking the monument into three parts and shipping it away to Rome, in one of the most bizarre exploits of colonial plunder. King Ezana's Stela has been structurally consolidated in 2007/2008 by the team led by engineer Giorgio Croci, during the reassembling of the Obelisk of Axum. After decades of pleading for the return of their monument, the Ethiopians finally got back their national historic treasure.

</doc>
<doc id="5985525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985525" title="Fontana (Belgrade)">
Fontana (Belgrade)

Fontana (Serbian Cyrillic: Фонтана) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Novi Beograd.
Fontana sprawls around the intersection of Pariske Komune, Narodnih heroja, and Otona Župančiča streets, in the north-central section of the municipality. It roughly comprises (entirely or partially) Blocks 1, 2, 3 and 5 that were mostly built in the 1960s. The population of the local community of Fontana was 4,476 in 2002, and 9,833 with the neighboring areas which make the neighborhood of Fontana. In the north, it extends into the neighborhood of Paviljoni, and in the east into Tošin Bunar.
Apart from being a residential area, some commercial and educational facilities are located nearby: a multifunctional shopping and cultural center "Fontana" by architect Uroš Martinović (completed in 1967), a McDonald's restaurant, indoor arena Hala sportova with an outdoor stadium, four kindergartens, three elementary schools and two highschools (Graphic Design Secondary School and IX Belgrade Gymnasium). Fontana is very well connected to the other parts of Belgrade as over ten lines of public transportation pass through the neighborhood.
In March 2008, city government announced complete reconstruction of Block 1, including the old shopping complex "Fontana", which at time of construction was unofficial center of Novi Beograd. Reconstruction should be finished by the end of 2008, and it should include building of a public underground garage, renovation of the children playgrounds, green areas, fountain and ground level of "Fontana" center. Originally, city planned to build overground garage, but after the protests of the local population, idea was changed. As for the "Fontana" center itself, it will be reconstructed under the supervision of the Institute for the protection of cultural monuments, because complex is considered to be a representative of the modern Serbian architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="5985526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985526" title="Caterpillar 797">
Caterpillar 797

The Caterpillar 797 is a series of off-highway, ultra class, two-axle, mechanical powertrain haul trucks developed and manufactured in the United States by Caterpillar Inc. specifically for high-production mining and heavy-duty construction applications world-wide. In production since 1998, the 797 series represents Caterpillar’s largest, highest capacity haul trucks. The current, third-generation model, the 797F, offers one of the largest haul truck payload capacities in the world, up to and is the world's largest, highest payload capacity, mechanical drive haul truck.
Initial development.
In 1997, Caterpillar decided to begin development of a payload capacity haul truck to meet the demand from large-scale mine operators wanting to reduce operating costs at mines using 80 to 90 short tons (73 to 82 t) per pass shovels. Engineers at Caterpillar's Mining & Construction Equipment Division in Decatur, Illinois, created a new design for the 797 using computer-aided design technology. This was the first time CAD tools had been used extensively to design a Caterpillar truck.
797 (1998–2002).
Caterpillar first unveiled a completed 797 on September 29, 1998, at its assembly plant in Decatur, Illinois.
Testing.
The first two 797s produced were transported to Caterpillar's Arizona proving grounds for testing. In the second quarter of 1999, the third and fourth 797s produced were the first to be placed in service with a customer at the Bingham Canyon Mine in Utah. Caterpillar put 18 additional 797s into service with mine operators world-wide as production development units.
Full worldwide marketing.
Caterpillar began marketing the 797 in North America in 2000, with full world-wide marketing following in 2001.
797B (2002–2009).
Caterpillar introduced the 797B in spring of 2002, replacing the first-generation 797. Caterpillar increased the power output of the Cat 3524B engine to cope with the 797B's higher payload capacity of up to , a improvement over the 797. The first 797B units entered service with customers in October, 2002.
797F (2009 onwards).
Caterpillar introduced the latest 797 in the series, the 797F, at MINExpo International in September 2008. When Caterpillar began full production of the 797F in late 2009, the 797F replaced the 797B. 
Powertrain.
The Caterpillar 797 series trucks employ mechanical drive powertrains in contrast to the diesel-electric powertrains of similar haul trucks offered by competitors. During initial development in 1997, a diesel-electric powertrain was considered for the 797, but this powertrain configuration was not developed because Caterpillar considered a mechanical drive powertrain more appropriate for market conditions at that time.
797 engine.
A gross Cat 3524B HD EUI 24-cylinder, high displacement, electronic unit injection, quad single-stage turbocharged, aftercooled, four-stroke diesel engine powers the 797. The Cat 3524B HD engine is a tandem unit consisting of two 12-cylinder Cat 3512B HD engine blocks coupled to operate as a single engine.
797B engine.
A gross , twin turbocharged version of the Cat 3524B engine powers the 797B. The power rating of the 3524B is valid up to an elevation of or with a high altitude arrangement.
797F engine.
A gross Cat C175-20 ACERT single block, 20-cylinder, electronic common rail injection, quad turbocharged, air-to-air aftercooled, four-stroke diesel engine powers the 797F. The power rating of the C175-20 is valid up to an elevation of or up to with a high altitude arrangement.
Transmission.
The 797 series haul trucks are equipped with a rear-axle-mounted, computer-controlled, seven-speed planetary transmission with an integral lock-up torque converter.
Wheels and tires.
Each 797 wheel is attached to the axle using 47 nuts that are torqued to . A size 55/80R63 radial tire was developed by Michelin in conjunction with Caterpillar specifically for the first generation 797. The Caterpillar 797B and 797F run tall, Michelin 59/80R63 XDR. Six tires are required per truck at a cost in 2009 of approximately USD $42,500 per tire.
Manufacturing and assembly.
Major components of the 797 are manufactured and assembled at seven Caterpillar or supplier facilities located throughout North America, then shipped to the customer site for final assembly by Caterpillar technicians.
The engine is manufactured by Caterpillar in Lafayette, Indiana, and is then shipped to Caterpillar's assembly plant in Decatur, Illinois.
The transmission and torque converter are manufactured by Caterpillar in East Peoria, Illinois, and is then shipped to Caterpillar's assembly plant in Decatur, Illinois.
The axle assemblies are manufactured by Caterpillar in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and are shipped to the customer site.
The tires are manufactured by Michelin North America at the US7 Earthmover Manufacturing plant in Lexington, South Carolina, and are shipped to the customer site.
The driver's cab is manufactured by Bergstrom Climate Control Systems' Contract Assembly division in Joliet, Illinois. Each cab is assembled by one person and requires forty hours to complete. The cab is shipped to the customer site.
The dump body is composed of five components: the floor, the two sides, the front wall and the canopy. The dump body is manufactured at Caterpillar Mexico in Monterrey, Mexico, and shipped in component form to the customer site where it is assembled and welded into a monolithic structure before being joined to the frame during final assembly.
The frame is created from nine individual metal castings manufactured by Amite Foundry and Machine, Inc., in Amite City, Louisiana. The smallest casting weighs and the largest casting weighs . The rough castings are shipped to the Caterpillar Decatur, Illinois, assembly plant.
At Caterpillar's assembly plant in Decatur, Illinois, the frame is assembled and the powertrain is installed and tested.
The nine castings that compose the frame are machined to provide clean welding surfaces. The castings are placed in a jig and are initially joined by human welders. The frame is moved to a second welding station for further welding by robots. The third and final welding stage is completed by human welders. To ensure quality, welds are tested using an ultrasonic flaw detector. In total, of welding wire is used to join the individual castings into a monolithic frame.
After the frame assembly is completed, production workers attach hydraulic lines and electrical wiring to the frame before installing the engine and rear axle. The frame/powertrain assembly is tested and then partially disassembled to facilitate shipping from Caterpillar's Decatur, Illinois assembly plant to the customer site.
Transportation.
The engine, frame, axles and differential requires six to seven semi-trailer truck loads, the cab requires one semi-trailer load, the six tires require two semi-trailer loads and the dump body requires four semi-trailer loads. In total, one 797 requires 12 to 13 semi-trailer truck loads that originate at various manufacturing facilities and deliver to the customer site. If a 797 must be moved from one job site to another for any reason, it can not be driven on public roads due to its exceptional size and weight. Moving a 797 requires dis-assembly, loading on to semi-trailer trucks, transport and re-assembly at the new location.
Final assembly.
Final assembly of the 797 is completed by Caterpillar field mechanics at or near the customer site. Before the dump body can be joined to the frame, the dump body components must be assembled and welded together by a dedicated team, requiring seven to ten days per dump body. Final assembly of one 797 requires a team of seven mechanics working in three shifts around the clock, seven days per week for 20 days in addition to the time required to assemble and weld the dump body.
Cost.
Although the price varies based on individual customer specifications, each 797 costs approximately USD $5,000,000.
Service life.
All major components of the 797 can be serviced or replaced during the useful life of the truck, except for the frame. The overall service life of the truck is therefore dependent upon the durability of the frame which Caterpillar estimates to have a twenty-year service life.
Competition.
The Liebherr T 282 B and Bucyrus MT6300AC both match the Caterpillar 797F's payload capacity, but employ diesel/electric powertrains in contrast to the 797F's diesel-powered, mechanical powertrain. Depending on customer requirements, lower payload capacity products such as the Komatsu 960E-1 and Belaz 75600 may also place competitive pressure on sales of the 797F.

</doc>
<doc id="5985544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985544" title="Kuroi Senji">
Kuroi Senji

Kuroi Senji (黒井 千次) is a pen name of Osabe Shunjirō (長部 瞬二郎, born May 28, 1932), Japanese author of fiction and essays.
Kuroi is a member of the "Introspective Generation" of Japanese writers, whose work depicts the thoughts of ordinary Japanese. He lives in Tokyo's western suburbs, along the Chūō Main Line, in a neighborhood similar to that depicted in his novel of linked stories, "Gunsei" (Life in the Cul-de-Sac, 群棲), for which he won the 1984 Tanizaki Prize.
As of 2006 he is president of the Japan Writer's Association (Nihon Bungeika Kyokai).

</doc>
<doc id="5985550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985550" title="Chimanlal Girdharlal Road">
Chimanlal Girdharlal Road

Chimanlal Girdharlal Road, colloquially the C. G. Road, is a one of the major roads of Ahmedabad. It has been ranked as the costliest retail location in the city. 
It is named after Chimanlal Girdharlal, one of the major businessmen of the 1960s in India.
C.G. Road was redesigned in the 1990s, which turned the road into a major financial hub of Ahmedabad. In 2010, it was ranked in "Main Streets Across the World 2010" by real estate firm Cushman & Wakefield on 3rd position for its strongest growth in Asia Pacific region behind Linking Road, Mumbai & Central, Hong Kong with annual Rental Growth 18.2%.
It starts at Mahalaxmi Crossroads and ends at Sardar Patel Stadium Crossroads, in turn connecting Paldi to Navrangpura.

</doc>
<doc id="5985579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985579" title="Brielle Davis">
Brielle Davis

Brielle Davis (born 1984 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian recording artist mostly known for her song "Serial Thriller" which received good publicity during 2006.
Biography.
At age 12, Brielle signed with LGM Records and started work on her self–titled debut album. January 1998 saw her first single "September's Sweet Child" released through Columbia Sony. Six months later, the album followed, presenting a music style far beyond her tender years.
Soon after, Brielle was nominated for "New Talent of the Year" at the 1999 Australian Country Music Awards, making her the youngest nominee ever for the prestigious Golden Guitar Award.
Brielle received extensive coverage in global media with many of her performances televised throughout the Asia-pacific region. An appearance in "The Fame Game" garnered wide acclaim for both Brielle's vocal talents and acting ability.
US entertainment magazine Billboard (magazine) noted Brielle as an 'ARTIST TO WATCH'.
Since her invitation in 1999, Brielle has served as an Australia Day Ambassador and was the first performer to sing the Australian National Anthem at the Sydney Olympic Stadium.
She has performed before the likes of the NSW Premier, the Sydney Lord Mayor, Australian Prime Minister John Howard and US President Bill Clinton.
Many of Brielle's performances have assisted a variety of charities and community functions including the "Starlight Foundation", "The Variety Club Children's Christmas Party", "McHappy Day" for Ronald McDonald House, "Wesley Mission", "National Family Day" and "Earth Hour".
Proving her versatility as a vocalist, Brielle has amassed experience appearing with such artists as Julie Anthony, James Morrison, Lee Kernaghan and the legendary Slim Dusty.
Brielle was a NSW semi-finalist in the 1999 and 2000 Young Australian of the Year Awards and was a semi-finalist on Australian Idol singing "Even God Must Get The Blues".
On her Hiatus:
"I felt I needed to step away after my last label pushed international artists and put me on the shelf... I learnt then after being promised the world that I was on my own."
Brielle returned in 2006 with her first studio release since 1998's "Girl's In Love". "Serial Thriller" (co-written by Divinyls' front woman Chrissy Amphlett) debuted on the ARIA chart in July at No.44 but fell out of the Top 100 the following week, the song had an electro-rock beat, contrasting Brielle's older material. The single's B-side, a DNA remix of forthcoming album track "Oxygen", became an instant cult classic across Australia and New Zealand.
On Chrissy Amphlett:
"Chrissy is such a powerful and unashamedly truthful performer – I have taken so much inspiration from her – read her biography, if it does not inspire you to be true to yourself then nothing will."
The follow-up single "Take It Off" was released in March 2007 and peaked at #11 on the ARIA Club Chart after remix treatment by US house producer Andy Caldwell. It also gained national airplay as part of the Nova network's "Unsigned" initiative and in radio ads for the Leukemia Foundation's "World's Greatest Shave" campaign. "Take It Off" soared to the top of the Canadian BPM:TV Charts where it remained in the Top 10 for a number of weeks.
Brielle became the first celebrity fashion ambassador for Supre's "Fashion Rocks" campaign, an initiative to fuse fashion, celebrity and music. Brielle featured heavily on Supre's promotional material including websites, brochures, internal TV network and in-store media and Brielle's favourite clothing items were marked with special "Brielle's fave" swingtags.
Though an album, "Other Side", was planned, it was not released at this time and promotional copies have become a highly sought-after item by dance music fans on illegal download sites because many of the tracks gained popularity and support during Brielle's extensive club tour. Initial previews of the album called it "...an Australian classic in waiting..." and "...a divine slice of Australian dance-pop..."
The latter half of 2007 saw Brielle continuing her many charity commitments including a tour of the Solomon Islands to entertain Australian troops stationed overseas before returning to Sydney to record her first acoustic EP.
On her Tour De Force:
"I couldn't even begin to explain what an amazing experience this was... It was breathtaking... I felt incredibly honoured being able to share even just this short period of time with both the police, soldiers and the islanders... When you hear others say that this experience will change your life, you don't believe it until it happens to you and I am lost for words knowing that i was able to experience this while being surrounded by such wonderful and inspiring people..."
"Crossing The Line" was released in September 2007 at Brielle's acoustic showcase hosted by The Vanguard (Newtown, Sydney) and features acoustic versions of "Serial Thriller", the cult favourite "Oxygen", unreleased album tracks "Cybersexual" and "Mine" plus new tracks written especially for the EP ("Crossing The Line", "Bang Bang"). Brielle's acoustic rendition of "Oxygen" garnered particular attention due to its dramatic vocals and atmospheric production.
In early 2008, Brielle was asked once again to perform a tour of duty and entertain Australian troops - this time in Iraq and Afghanistan. The tour was filmed by crews from "Australian Story" and aired on ABC1 as a two-part documentary telling the brave story of the performers and the heroic troops currently serving in these countries.
Brielle is currently working the Australian live music scene and has many regular gigs (including The Vanguard, Newtown, Sydney and The Brass Monkey, Cronulla, Sydney) and can be regularly seen at industry events, both on the red carpet and supporting her fellow musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="5985580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985580" title="Maurizio Lanzaro">
Maurizio Lanzaro

Maurizio Lanzaro (born 14 March 1982 in Avellino) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for S.S. Juve Stabia as a central defender.

</doc>
<doc id="5985587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985587" title="S.S.D. Eurotezze">
S.S.D. Eurotezze

Società Sportiva Dilettante Eurotezze was an Italian association football club located in Tezze sul Brenta, Veneto.
History.
The club was formed in 2007 after the merger of U.S.C.D. Eurocalcio Cassola and A.C. Tezze sul Brenta.
The dissolution.
In the summer 2009 it does not join 2011-12 Serie D and was so excluded from all football.
Colors and badge.
Its colors were blue and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5985588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985588" title="Gnaeus Manlius Vulso">
Gnaeus Manlius Vulso

Gnaeus Manlius Vulso (f. 189 BC) was a Roman consul for the year 189 BC, together with Marcus Fulvius Nobilior. He led a victorious campaign against the Galatian Gauls of Asia Minor in 189 BC during the Galatian War. He may have been awarded a triumph in 187BC. Florus has the senate turn down his application, but Livy describes his triumphal procession in elaborate detail. The Fasti Triumphales has a lacuna in what could be the relevant position.
Vulso was a patrician who belonged to the ancient "gens Manlia", but his connection with the better known "Torquatus" branch is unknown. He may have been descended from Aulus (or Gaius) Manlius Cn.f. Vulso, consul in 474 BC; or from Lucius Manlius A.f. Vulso Longus, consul in 256 (with Marcus Atilius Regulus) and 250 BC.
Aulus Manlius Cn.f. Vulso, consul eleven years later in 178 BC, may have been his younger brother.

</doc>
<doc id="5985595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985595" title="5 Centimeters Per Second">
5 Centimeters Per Second

Plot.
The story is set in Japan beginning from the 1990s and ending in modern day, with each act centered on a boy named Takaki Tōno. The first act takes place during a time when cell phones are uncommon and email has not yet reached the general population.
Act 1: Cherry Blossom.
Takaki Tōno quickly befriends Akari Shinohara when she transfers to his elementary school. They grow closer to each other due to similar interests and attitudes; for instance, they both prefer to stay inside during recess due to their seasonal allergies. As a result, they form a strong bond; they speak to each other using their given names without any form of honorifics, which is a sign of deep friendship and familiarity in Japan. (This fact is lost in the movie's translation to English and other languages, which reduces the implied closeness of their relationship.)
Upon graduating from elementary school, Akari moves to Tochigi, due to her parents' jobs. The two keep in contact by writing letters but eventually begin to drift apart. When Takaki learns that his family will be moving to Kagoshima, he decides to personally go see Akari, since they will be too far apart to visit each other at all after moving. He also prepares a letter for Akari containing his feelings. However, Takaki loses the letter during the journey and a severe snowstorm continuously delays his train for several hours. As the two finally meet and share their first kiss, Takaki realizes they will never be together again. Stranded in a shed due to the snowstorm, they fall asleep after talking late into the night. Takaki departs the next morning, and the two promise to continue writing to each other. As the train rolls away, Takaki decides that the loss of his letter is not important anymore after the kiss, while Akari silently looks at her own letter addressed to Takaki.
Act 2: Cosmonaut.
Takaki is now in the third year of senior high in Tanegashima, where the Tanegashima Space Center is located. Kanae Sumida, a classmate of Takaki, had fallen in love with him ever since meeting him in middle school but has never had the courage to confess her feelings. She tries to spend time with him, waiting long after school for the chance to travel home together. However, Takaki appears ignorant to Kanae's feelings and only treats her as a good friend. Kanae observes that Takaki is always writing emails to someone or staring off into the distance as if searching for something far away. It is later shown that Takaki's emails are not being sent to anyone, and that he has had recurring dreams which feature Akari. After a failed attempt to tell Takaki she loves him, Kanae eventually realizes that he is looking for something far beyond what she can offer and decides not to, though she acknowledges that she will always love him.
Act 3: 5 Centimeters Per Second.
It is 2008. Takaki is now a computer programmer in Tokyo, while Akari is preparing to get married to another man. Takaki is still longing for Akari to the detriment of his lifestyle, which is acknowledged by an ex-girlfriend. A depressed Takaki later leaves his job, being unable to cope with his feelings for Akari. Akari goes through her old possessions and finds the letter addressed to Takaki. Takaki and Akari have a dual narration, both recalling a recent dream depicting the events of their last meeting in the snow and hoping to watch the cherry blossoms together again.
One day while walking down a road, Takaki and Akari appear to pass and recognize each other at a train crossing, where they had decided to watch cherry blossoms together thirteen years ago, right before Akari's sudden moving to Tochigi. At opposite sides of the tracks, they stop and begin to look back, but the passing trains cut off their view. Takaki waits for the trains to pass and sees that Akari is gone. After a moment, he smiles to himself and continues walking.
Characters.
The Manga goes into more detail about his (failed) relationships after college and his attempts to cope.
Media.
Anime Film.
Development.
Makoto Shinkai had expressed that, unlike his past works, there would be no fantasy or science fiction elements in this film. Instead, the feature film would attempt to present the real world from a different perspective. Makoto's film gives a realistic view of the struggles many face against: time, space, people, and love. The title "5 Centimeters Per Second" comes from the speed at which cherry blossoms petals fall, petals being a metaphorical representation of humans, reminiscent of the slowness of life and how people often start together but slowly drift into their separate ways. The movie marks the first time Shinkai has worked closely with a full staff of animators and artists.
DVD releases.
The DVD was released on 19 July 2007 in Japan. The title was licensed by ADV Films and scheduled for a December 2007 release, but the release was delayed until March 2008. The film's Region 2 DVD release date was pushed back from 4 March 2008 to April 2008. The official Russian release by Reanimedia was already in stock in January 2008. The film is also licensed in Taiwan by Proware Multimedia International. On 11 July 2008, ADV announced that it was discontinuing print of the DVD. Bang Zoom! Entertainment has re-dubbed the entire film at the request of its original Japanese distributor, and the new dub was first streamed via Crunchyroll as part of their Day of Makoto Shinkai on 28 February 2009. On 13 August 2010, Crunchyroll CEO Kun Gao announced plans to release titles on DVD, starting with 5 Centimeters per Second. Bandai Entertainment manufactured and distributed the DVDs, which included the Bang Zoom! dub. This version was released 22 February 2011.
On 29 March 2009 the distribution company Madman Entertainment announced plans to release "5 Centimetres Per Second" in Australia. The film's ending theme was "One More Time, One More Chance" by Masayoshi Yamazaki. The Blu-ray version of the film has been released on 18 April 2008 in Japan. The HD version of the film has also been released on 18 April 2008, which is region-free by default.
Novel.
The novel version of "5 Centimeters Per Second", licensed by Media Factory, was released on 16 November 2007 in Japan. It was the first novel written by Makoto Shinkai. The photographs in the novel were also taken by Shinkai.
Another version of the novel, "One more side", was released on 20 May 2011 in Japan. The author is Shinta Kanou, who wrote the novels for Voices of a Distant Star and The Place Promised in Our Early Days which are both Makoto Shinkai's films.
Manga.
The manga adaptation of the film, illustrated by manga artist Yukiko Seike, started serialization in Kodansha's seinen magazine "Afternoon" from July 2010 and will be published in English as a single volume omnibus by Vertical Inc.
Controversy.
The popular Chinese animated series Xin Ling Zhi Chuang (Spirit's Window) is accused of copying several backgrounds from "5 Centimeters Per Second" with minor modification. The program's introduction describes it as "a program produced for the youth of China, and animation to raise wholesome minds and teach a noble view of life."
Reception.
The film won the Lancia Platinum Grand Prize at the Future Film Festival for best movie in animation or special effects. It won the Award for Best Animated Feature Film at the 2007 Asia Pacific Screen Awards. The limited edition DVD of the film was ranked 3rd on the Tohan charts between 18–24 July 2007, while the regular edition of the film was ranked 7th. The film was Japan's fourth most popular Blu-ray film in 2008.
Mania.com lists "5 Centimeters Per Second" as the best non-Miyazaki anime. The Japan Times's Mark Schilling commends Shinkai saying that he is better than Hayao Miyazaki "at piercing the veil of the everyday to reveal a poignant, evanescent beauty most of us notice only in rare moments." Anime News Network's Bamboo Dong commends the anime for its "heartbreakingly gorgeous" piano score composed by Tenmon, which "contributes to the dreamlike quality that the film has". She also comments that film "never comes out and tells you what the characters are feeling. It never follows a strict storyline, but between the interactions on the screen and well-timed shots of lonely landscapes, everything is as clear as night and day". Mania.com's Chris Beveridge criticises the anime for its aliasing as well as it "seems to get a fairly low bitrate during a lot of it which leads to some noisy and overly grainy feeling areas. The film has so many lush colors to it that a lot of them start to show too much noise at times which is almost as distracting as the aliasing." Theron Martin reviewing for Anime News Network commends "The production also excels in its use of sound effects, especially in the bow-shooting scenes in Part 2".

</doc>
<doc id="5985602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985602" title="Temple Ewell Church of England Primary School">
Temple Ewell Church of England Primary School

Temple Ewell Church of England Primary School is a mixed Church of England primary school with academy status, located in Temple Ewell, Kent, England.
It takes children from the age of 4 through to the age of 11. The school has approximately 140 pupils.
Temple Ewell School lies in the centre of the village of Temple Ewell and adjacent to St.Peter and St.Paul Church and the George V Playing Field.
The school dates back to 1871. Previously the children were educated in the Church itself and the old buildings you can see where build through the commitment of the Reverend C H Lipscombe. The main building was finished in 1871 at a total cost of £900.00. It consisted of a large classroom that at times held over one hundred children aged 7 – 14 years. After the money for building was raised from several sources, the Lord of the Manor then contributed £10.00 to making the school lane, with two of the managers agreeing to find enough stones for the road!.
Gas lighting was substituted for oil lamps in the school in 1902. Electric lighting did not appear for another fifty years, until 1952.
In the mid 60's three additional classrooms were added. The Millennium Hall funded and jointly owned by both School and Church was added in October 2000, along with a smaller mobile classroom and with the school hall and school house, make up Temple Ewell School as it is today.
Although the George V Playing Field is owned by the Parish Council, the school has full use of it during the day for break and lunchtimes and for sporting activities.
The school was the inspiration for the poem "The Tracks and the Tombstones" by Brian Moses.
The school converted to academy status on 1 February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5985603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985603" title="Glen Luchford">
Glen Luchford

Glen Luchford (born 1968) is a British fashion photographer and film director.
Luchford first signed with the New York Agency, Art and Commerce, at the age of 24. In 1997, he signed exclusively to Prada, and has since shot advertising campaigns for Yves Saint Laurent, Levi's, Mercedes-Benz and Calvin Klein. He has collaborated extensively with British artist Jenny Saville with shows at Gagosian Gallery, MOMA and The Victoria And Albert Museum, and has had editorial work featured in magazines such as " The Face", "Arena", "i-D", "UK,French, US" and "Italian Vogue".
Luchford's style is influenced by his love of cinema. He prefers to work in the studio using elaborate lighting set ups to create his evocative and cinematic images.
In 2001 Luchford directed the film 'Here to Where', about a filmmaker wanting to make a film about a man stranded at an airport. Nominated for the Michael Powell award at the Edinburgh Film Festival. The film is considered to be an inspiration for Steven Spielberg's "The Terminal". 
In May 2009, Luchford signed exclusively with the agency Art Partner, and completed his first solo monograph with Steidl/Dangin.

</doc>
<doc id="5985605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985605" title="Marcus Valerius Messalla (consul 188 BC)">
Marcus Valerius Messalla (consul 188 BC)

Marcus Valerius Messalla was Roman consul for 188 BC, together with Gaius Livius Salinator.

</doc>
<doc id="5985621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985621" title="Gaius Flaminius">
Gaius Flaminius

Gaius Flaminius was Roman consul for 187 BC, together with Marcus Aemilius Lepidus. Flaminius was the son of Gaius Flaminius who was killed in the battle of Lake Trasimene.
In 210 BC Flaminius served as quaestor Scipio Africanus in Spain. In 196 BC he was curule aedile. During his aedileship he distributed large quantities of low priced grain amongst the people. Elected praetor in 193 BC he was given Hispania Citerior as his province where he carried on a successful war by besieging and capturing the wealthy town of Litabrum. Flaminius was elected consul in 187 BC. He and his colleague were given the task of fighting the Ligurians who had been raiding in Northern Italy. After having gained several battles against the Triniates and Apuani he reduced them to submission and peace was restored in the north of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5985623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985623" title="The Sinister Secret of Saltmarsh">
The Sinister Secret of Saltmarsh

The Sinister Secret of Saltmarsh is a module for the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" ("AD&D") roleplaying game, written by Dave J. Browne with Don Turnbull. The module details a mysterious abandoned mansion at the edge of a town called Saltmarsh, and the secrets contained therein. The adventure is set in the "World of Greyhawk" campaign setting. "The Sinister Secret of Saltmarsh" received positive reviews from critics.
Plot summary.
"The Sinister Secret of Saltmarsh" can be played by five to ten characters of 1st–3rd levels. The module includes optional pre-generated first level characters for use by the players. The scenario is the first of the "Underwater" (U) series of modules set in Saltmarsh, and details a ghostly ship and the haunted mansion of an evil alchemist. The module sleeve contains the following description:
The module is divided into two parts, "The Haunted House" and "Sea Ghost", which are intended to be played consecutively. The first part is set in the town of Saltmarsh and deals with unraveling the secret of the haunted house that lies on the edge of town. The abandoned, dilapidated mansion of an evil alchemist has been the subject of rumors about hauntings and treasure. The second part of the module follows on from the first, expanding on the concept.
Publication history.
"The Sinister Secret of Saltmarsh" is the first installment in a series of three modules designed and developed in the United Kingdom, for beginning adventures with "AD&D" rules. The adventure was written by David J. Browne with Don Turnbull, and published in 1981 as a thirty-two page booklet with an outer folder. The publication contains large-scale maps, a full background story, and detailed encounter descriptions for the players and Dungeon Master (DM). The module serves as the introduction to an underwater campaign set in the town of Saltmarsh, which the DM can design from the guidelines provided. The next two modules, "Danger at Dunwater" and "The Final Enemy", continue on from this adventure.
Reception.
The module was positively reviewed in Issue No. 35 of "White Dwarf" magazine by Jim Bambra, who scored it 9 out of 10 and described it as entertaining and interesting. Bambra criticized how the first-level characters provided with the module come equipped with magic items: "I fail to see how this can be justified, as the module is not difficult enough to warrant the bestowal of magic before play even begins. Magic items should be found by players as treasure and not come as handouts from the DM." Bambra noted that the adventure's main thrust engages the players' problem solving skills, forcing them to piece clues together, and that the encounters in the adventure should present no problems to an intelligent party. Overall, he felt that "TSR (UK) are to be congratulated on their first module, the series should prove to be interesting and entertaining."
The module was ranked the 27th greatest Dungeons & Dragons adventure of all time by "Dungeon" magazine in 2004. Freelance gaming author James Maliszewski calls it "one of the best low-level modules ever written for Dungeons & Dragons" and "a superb example of adventure design". He listed the positive elements of the module as "the very matter-of-fact way it portrays a fantasy world" and the new spin it gives to "the standard low-level D&D tropes".
Ken Denmead of "Wired" listed the module as one of the "Top 10 D&D Modules I Found in Storage This Weekend". According to Denmead, this was "the Scooby Doo episode of D&D modules. Instead of a good old dungeon crawl, players got to explore a big old spooky house, and deal with all sorts of annoying wandering monsters, as well as traps and illusions."

</doc>
<doc id="5985640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985640" title="Gaius Livius Drusus">
Gaius Livius Drusus

Gaius Livius Marcus Aemiliani Drusus was a Roman politician who was consul in 147 BC, together with Scipio Aemilianus Africanus.
Political career.
Livius Drusus was a member of the plebeian gens Livii; however, his father was originally a member of the patrician gens Aemilia who was adopted into the family of the Livii Drusi. It has been conjectured that Drusus was a grandson of Lucius Aemilius Paullus Macedonicus.
Livius Drusus was elected Praetor around the year 150 BC. He was then elected consul for 147 BC, alongside Scipio Aemilianus, who was possibly his first cousin. As the Third Punic War was raging, there was enormous concern in Rome about who was going to be assigned the command of the Roman forces against Carthage. Drusus, as was the custom, requested that lots be drawn to assign the provinces to the respective consuls. This was vetoed by one of the plebeian tribunes, who proposed that the assignment of the provinces be put before the "concilium Plebis". The people then voted to assign the war against Carthage to Scipio Aemilianus.
Career as a jurist.
Livius Drusus has also been identified as the jurist mentioned by Cicero in his work "Tusculanae Disputationes". Drusus composed works of great use to students of law, and was cited by subsequent writers on the law. Celsus cites an opinion of Livius Drusus concerning a seller’s rights at law, stating that the seller might bring an equitable action for damages against the buyer, to recover the expenses of the upkeep of a slave, whom the buyer, without due cause, had refused to accept. Priscian attributes to Drusus the sentence "”Impubes libripens esse non potest, neque antestari”" (“Young boys cannot stand on their feet before they can learn to balance.”)
In his old age, although he was blind, Livius Drusus continued to give advice to the crowds which used to gather before his house in order to consult him.

</doc>
<doc id="5985644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985644" title="A.S.D. Itala San Marco Gradisca">
A.S.D. Itala San Marco Gradisca

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Itala San Marco Gradisca (usually abbreviated to I.S.M. Gradisca) is an Italian association football club located in Gradisca d'Isonzo, Friuli-Venezia Giulia. Currently it plays in Eccellenza.
History.
A.S.D. Itala San Mrco Gradisca was founded in 1919 as Società Sportiva Itala di Gradisca.
U.S. Itala San Marco.
In 1978 the club was renamed U.S. Itala San Marco and played in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, after having been crowned as Serie D/C winners in 2007–08.
Following its withdrawal at the end of the 2009-10 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season, the club was forced out of business.
A.S.D. I.S.M. Gradisca.
In the summer of 2010, a new team with the current denomination was formed and was promoted from Eccellenza Friuli – Venezia Giulia to Serie D at the end of the 2010-11 season. In the season 2011-12 it was relegated to Eccellenza.
Colors and badge.
The team's colours are white and dark blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5985648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985648" title="Jaguar XJ220 (video game)">
Jaguar XJ220 (video game)

Jaguar XJ220 is a pseudo-3D racing game released by Core Design for the Commodore Amiga and Sega Mega-CD in 1993. The car featured is the eponymous Jaguar.
Overview.
The game takes place in a series of championship races across 12 different countries, with three races in each. The player starts in England but must decide which country to race in next, which costs the team various amounts. The player can also choose to repair damage to the car.
Track editor.
One feature in this game which was quite unique at that time was that you could create your own track, using the edit mode within the game. The game also featured a two player mode similar to the Lotus challenge games.
Reception.
"Jaguar XJ220" received good reviews. Amiga Action rated the game 98% and praised the intuitive gameplay and the inclusion of a track editor. CU Amiga noted that the quantity of detail that is in the game sets it apart from other racing games. Detail such as options, control using the mouse or joystick, track editor and manual or automatic gears. The magazine also noted the high quality sound, which includes an in-game CD player with a choice of six tracks. The One Amiga rated the game 85% and said that "Jaguar XJ220" is an essential purchase, as well as it being better than the racing game that was popular at the time, Lotus II. The magazine said that the game was the best arcade-style racing game available.

</doc>
<doc id="5985652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985652" title="Harold Boardman">
Harold Boardman

Harold Boardman (12 June 1907 – 1 August 1994) was a British Labour Party politician.
Boardman worked as an official of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and was a member of Derby Town Council for 25 years. He was chairman of the Derby Co-operative Movement and of Derby Labour College.
Boardman was Member of Parliament for Leigh from 1945 to 1979, preceding Lawrence Cunliffe.

</doc>
<doc id="5985659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985659" title="Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus (consul 146 BC)">
Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus (consul 146 BC)

Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus was a consul of the Roman Republic in 146 BC. His colleague was Lucius Mummius Achaicus, whose military achievements outshone him.
He was from the "Lentuli" branch of the "gens Cornelia". He had held the office of praetor by 149 BC.
In 161, Cornelius Lentulus was sent as an ambassador with Publius Apustius to Cyrene for the purpose of informing Ptolemy VII of Rome's decision to end its alliance with Ptolemy VI.
His son, who had the same name, was consul in 97 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="5985664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985664" title="Frank Edwards (blues musician)">
Frank Edwards (blues musician)

Frank Edwards (March 20, 1909 – March 22, 2002) was an American blues guitarist, harmonica player and singer. He was variously billed as Mr. Frank, Black Frank and Mr. Cleanhead.
Edwards was born in Washington, Georgia.
He recorded for three record labels in his career; Okeh Records in 1940, Regal Records in 1949, and Trix Records in the mid-1970s. Some more recent sessions were done for the Music Maker Relief Foundation. His most noted recordings were "Three Women Blues" and "Terraplane Blues".
Frank Edwards died of a heart attack in Greenville, South Carolina, while being driven back to his Atlanta, Georgia home, after completing his final recordings at the age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="5985667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985667" title="Harold S. Gladwin">
Harold S. Gladwin

Harold Sterling Gladwin (1883-1983) was an American archaeologist, anthropologist and stockbroker born in New York City.
Introduction.
Harold Sterling Gladwin was an early twentieth century archaeologist that specialized in
Southwestern archaeology of the United States. He also was known for his famed excavations at Snaketown, Arizona, in which he accomplished several publications on this topic; his theories on migration to the New World from Asia also gained attention.
Background.
Born in New York City in 1883, Harold continued worked in the city as a stockbroker from 1908 to 1922, his first successful career. However, in 1922 Sterling decided to move west to California, and there he began work at the Santa Barbara Museum of Natural History; he took a special interest in the mutations of butterflies. However, Harold’s interest in insects soon was replaced with an interest in American archaeology, and by 1924, he had become friends with the A.V. Kidder, the noted archaeologist of the Southwestern United States; from this point on, Gladwin’s work was in archaeology.
Early work.
Taking special interest in pottery shards and other refuse, Gladwin began to piece together theories on Hohokam culture as he excavated Casa Grande in 1927 in Arizona. Finding that the local Hohokam red-on-buff pottery artifacts were mixed with polychromes of the Salado Culture, Gladwin wondered how and why the two distinctive pottery types were together with no evidence for conflict between the Hohokam cultures of the Gila Basin and the Salado cultures of the Tonto Basin. Gladwin’s excavations in southern Arizona helped to renew an interest in this area that had been nearly forgotten since Frank Cushing had done his own excavations there in the late nineteenth century. In 1928, Harold and his future wife, Winifred, founded the Gila Pueblo Archaeological Foundation over the remains of a pueblo that the two had excavated together. As work in the area grew, the Gladwins began to move around the Southwest in search of clues about the origins of the prehistoric inhabitants. The Arizona State Museum Library & Archives holds the records to the Gila Pueblo Archaeological Foundation. The finding aid for this collection is located on Arizona Archives Online.
New Method Devised.
From the Gila Pueblo, the Gladwins conducted research on Southwestern prehistory for over twenty years before donating the facility to the University of Arizona in 1951. In the years while they conducted their research, the Harold Gladwin and his wife traveled throughout the Southwest conducting numerous excavations at sites such as: Snaketown, near Phoenix, Casa Grande, Flagstaff, Chaco Canyon, and various places throughout Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, and Texas. Through their numerous excavations, the two came up with a new “method for designation of cultures,” which included taking a look at the current linguistic “stocks” of the area and through a system of roots stems, branches, phases, and terms; putting these “stocks” into a context of patterns of the Southwestern region.
The Snaketown Excavations.
Arguably Gladwin’s most famous excavations took place outside Phoenix at a place called Snaketown, which delved into the Hohokam culture. After having a chance meeting with the descendants of this culture in 1927, Gladwin wanted to find the roots of these people that the Pima referred to as Hohokam, or “those who had gone.” Finding that these people had left little behind in terms of their modes of travel and pathways, Gladwin found difficulty in locating clues to their culture while he was in the Gila Basin. After visiting numerous prehistoric sites (in his own words, thousands of sites), Gladwin and his colleagues decided upon Snaketown as their focal point for excavations into this culture. The team decided that this site would be the most rewarding, for it had been relatively untouched by others, especially looters. The excavation began in 1934, and the first results were published four years later. In the first publication, Gladwin and his team took a special interest in the various types of pottery, figurines, stone tools, and shells, and the reference to each time period that they could identify. This site remained a focus for Gladwin for years to come, and he reevaluated his results and republished his works on this site many times in order to better comprehend and better inform the archaeological community of its importance. Taking into account the rapid increase of information about Southwestern cultures, and the increase in accuracy of dating methods, Gladwin admitted that he and his team originally had made some judgments and suppositions that did not fit into the current criteria, that he was, eleven years later, now dealing with. This publication exemplifies Gladwin’s commitment to the field of archaeology, for in his publications he typically admitted where he had gone wrong, and where he needed to keep an open mind in his work. It was through his constant revisions and republications that Gladwin was able to help decipher the lost culture of the Hohokam.
Publications and Excavations.
Gladwin kept publishing on various important archaeological topics throughout his life, up until 1975. Some of his most read works include: Tree Ring Analysis, The Eastern Range of the Red-On-Buff Culture, A Review and Analysis of the Flagstaff Culture, Men out of Asia, Excavations at Snaketown: Material Culture, and The Chaco Branch Excavations at White Mound and in the Red Mesa. Of these publications, Tree Ring Analysis was revised and republished many times by Gladwin, as he would argue with the methods of other archaeologists, or learn more detail into the art of tree ring dating. Particularly in his 1946 publication on the problems of tree ring dating, Gladwin used his own data from the Gila Basin to dispute dates that A.E. Douglass had prescribed to certain archaeological evidence. While Gladwin consistently sought out information that prescribed to his own view of dendrochronology, to this day, he is seen as somewhat of a novice on the topic. Nonetheless, in his publications, Gladwin takes a careful consideration of the methods employed by he and others, as to bring special attention to the critical thinking that one must undertake as an archaeologist. One of Gladwin’s most famous publications was Men out of Asia. In this novel-like publication, Gladwin describes his view on anthropology, and proposes a theory on the origins of peoples in the Americas, as a result of “multitudinous migrations.” This book is filled with cartoon-like representations of what Gladwin thought the first occupants of North America and their descendants looked like. This publication gives insight into Gladwin’s own humor and the love he had for this subject material.
Conclusion.
Harold Sterling Gladwin and his wife Winifred spent the better portion of their lives in a commitment to archaeology and its ever changing ways. From his early publications, to their revisions, Gladwin was ever critical of his own and his colleagues findings and speculations. From their work throughout the Southwestern United States, the Gladwins introduced new information and archaeological techniques into the scientific community that may have gone undiscovered for years.

</doc>
<doc id="5985673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985673" title="Vladimír List">
Vladimír List

Vladimír List (June 4, 1877 in Prague - May 27, 1971 in Brno) was a Czech electrical engineer, scientist and university teacher active in area of technical standardization.
During 1895-1899 List had studied mechanical engineering at the Czech Technical University in Prague but became interested in electrotechnics. During 1900-01 he studied it at the Montefiore Institute in Liège, Belgium. After return he became chief designer in František Křižík's company where he worked on problems of electrification of railways and the industry (1902–08). In 1904 he married Helena Gebauerová, daughter of bohemist Jan Gebauer. In 1908 List became professor at the Czech Technical University in Brno (during 1917-18 he served as its rector).
In 1910 he helped to set up specialised magazine "Elektrotechnický obzor", in 1913 he participated on systematic electrification of Moravia and convinced the authorities of necessity to build public high-voltage transmission lines. In 1926 he proposed construction of Prague Metro, not realized at the time.
Since 1926 he was editor of book series "Technický průvodce – Elektrotechnika" ("Technical Guide - Electrotechnics"). He had written about 600 publications, many of them textbooks (well known were "Základy elektrotechniky" I and II).
After communist takeover in Czechoslovakia (1948) List was sent to pension but he still published (his last article for magazine "Elektrotechnický obzor" was written in 1970 when he was 93 years old).
Technical standardization.
Vladimír List was very active in the field of technical standardization (normalisation). In 1919 he was one of founders of "Czechoslovakian electrotechnical federation" ("Elektrotechnický svaz československý", ESČ) whose president he was during 1920-21. The ESČ logo is used until today.
In 1923 List was co-foounder of "Czechoslovakian normalisation society" ("Československá normalizační společnost", ČSN). This organisation at first dealt with electrotechnics, then mechanical engineering and other industries adopted its goals. Later, ČSN standards became official.
In 1926 he co-founded, later served as a vice-chairman and during 1932-34 as a chairman of the international standards organization ISA (later ISO) in Basel, Switzerland.
List had initiated work on conversion tables between metric system and Imperial units.
His was successful in effort to standardize voltages for transmission lines in Czechoslovakia in 1919 (220/380V for low voltage and 22kV/100kV for high-voltage lines) and power plug sockets.
Importance.
List had helped to establish very high level of technical standardisation in Czechoslovakia and this level was kept even over communist era. He was interested and participated in wide array of activities, in spite of chronic health problems.
Today, a building in technological park and a student dormitory in Brno are named after List. A small plaque in Prague Metro station "Muzeum" is dedicated to him.
External links.
All texts are in Czech language.

</doc>
<doc id="5985680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985680" title="Marcus Popillius Laenas (consul 173 BC)">
Marcus Popillius Laenas (consul 173 BC)

Marcus Popillius Laenas was a Roman statesman.
He was praetor in 176 BC. He did not go to his province of Sardinia because he did not want to upset the success that the propraetor, Titus Aebutius, was enjoying. A new leader would need time to get acquainted with the situation and thus precious time would be lost. 
He was consul for the year 173 BC, together with Lucius Postumius Albinus. Popillius went to his province and started fighting a tribe of Ligurians in northern Italy, the Statellati. He fought a bloody battle at the town of Carystum, which came to a conclusion when Popillius sent in the cavalry that broke through the Liguriuan lines. The cavalry then slew many of the men trying to flee to the city. The Romans killed 10,000 Ligurians and took 700 prisoner while losing 3,000 themselves. The remaining Ligurians, thinking that Popillius would be lenient, surrendered themselves. Popillius, however, destroyed their town and sold them and their property. The Senate was outraged when it heard of the treatment shown to a people who had not taken up arms against Rome and were attacked without provocation. The Senate demanded that Popillius restore the Ligurians to their homes and property. Popillius was himself outraged and refused to obey the Senate's commands. He returned to Rome and attacked the Senate for their actions. He claimed that it should have given him a thanksgiving instead of ordering him to return his spoils to his victims. Many senators again attacked him and his actions so Popillius returned to his province having failed to gain the support of the Senate. The following year, Popillius continued his aggressions against the Statellati killing 6,000 more in battle. His actions caused the rest of the Ligurians to rise up in arms. In response the Senate passed a decree that anyone hindering the return of the Statellati to their freedom would face trial. Popillius refused to return to Rome until a tribune of the plebs promised to bring him to trial "in absentia". Popillius was tried, but the trial came to nothing due to the influence of his brother the consul for the year and other Popillii
Despite his actions against the Ligurians, Popillius was later elected censor with Publius Cornelius Scipio Nasica Corculum in 159 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="5985699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985699" title="A.C. Mezzocorona">
A.C. Mezzocorona

A.C. Mezzocorona is an Italian association football club located in Mezzocorona, Trentino. Currently it plays in Serie D.
History.
Founded in 1951 and refounded in 1967, Mezzocorona played in the amateur ties of Italian football until 2007, after finishing first in the "Girone C" during the Serie D 2006-07, thus winning promotion for the first time ever to Serie C2, the fourth tier of Italian football. As one of the nine promoted teams from Serie D, Mezzocorona also participated in the Scudetto Dilettanti tournament but was eliminated in the group stage.
Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
In the Serie C2 2007-08 regular season, Mezzocorona finished a surprising fifth in Girone A, and qualified for the promotional playoffs. The team upset second-placed Carpenedolo in the semi-finals, winning 2–1 on aggregate. In the finals, the team lost to fourth-placed Lumezzane due to the fact it was the lower classified team after the pair ended in a 0–0 aggregate tie, thus remaining in the, now called, Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. 
After four consecutive season in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, including one in former "Serie C2", Mezzocorona was relegated to Serie D at the end of the 2010-11 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season.
Colors and badge.
Its official colours are black and yellow.

</doc>
<doc id="5985704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985704" title="MAWI (disambiguation)">
MAWI (disambiguation)

MAWI may pertain to:

</doc>
<doc id="5985707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985707" title="Gaius Cassius Longinus (consul 171 BC)">
Gaius Cassius Longinus (consul 171 BC)

Gaius Cassius Longinus was a Roman consul in the year 171 BCE, together with Publius Licinius Crassus.
Cassius Longinus was not given a command position as he had hoped during the Third Macedonian War, and instead was sent to the northern border of Italy in the province of Illyria to man a defense against attacks from Macedon. Ignoring his orders, he decided to gather his army at Aquileia with thirty days worth of supplies and moved south into Macedonia. The Roman senate learned of his actions and recalled him back to Rome. While Cassius Longinus was on his way back to Rome, he drove his army over the Alps, mercilessly pillaging Scordisci and other Celtic villages, carrying off thousands of people to be used as slaves. The people were so outraged that they took their case directly to the senate. The senate found that their evidence was indeed valid, and delivered to them various gifts as reparations.
After Cassius Longinus's return to Rome, he became a censor in 154 BCE. A stone theater, the first of its kind in Rome that he had constructed, was declared to be a violation of "pudicitia" by Publius Cornelius Scipio Nasica Corculum, and was destroyed upon orders from the senate.

</doc>
<doc id="5985711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985711" title="Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board">
Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board

The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board or GSEB is a government of Gujarat body responsible for determining the policy-related, administrative, cognitive, and intellectual direction the state's higher educational system takes. 
The main responsibilities of the Board include academics, conducting examinations and research and development.
The main academic task of GSEB is the preparation of syllabus for secondary schools and also the recommendation of text-books to be taught in government schools. The Board also performs the duties of recognising new schools, performance evaluation of schools and inspections of various schools associated with the Board.
The GSEB conducts 2 main examinations - The Secondary School Certificate (SSC) exam for Standard 10 and the Higher Secondary (School) Certificate (HSC) exam for Standard 12 students in Gujarat. The Board also holds a Talent Search for students of Std VIII & IX in five major subjects every year. It is divided in 2 major parts.

</doc>
<doc id="5985722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985722" title="Terry Ryan">
Terry Ryan

Terry Ryan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5985729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985729" title="Khaitan Public School">
Khaitan Public School

Khaitan Public School (or KPS), is a higher secondary school in Sector-40, Noida in Uttar Pradesh, India, established in 1995. Khaitan Public School is set amid landscaped grounds covering .
School profile.
The school is divided into the Pre-Primary, Primary Wing, Middle School, and Senior School. KPS is affiliated to and follows the curriculum defined by CBSE. Facilities include:
Major additions to the school are:

</doc>
<doc id="5985735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985735" title="Marcus Aemilius Lepidus (consul 158 BC)">
Marcus Aemilius Lepidus (consul 158 BC)

Marcus Aemilius Lepidus was a Roman consul for year 158 BC, together with Gaius Popillius Laenas. He was a praetor in 161 or earlier, and was possibly the presiding praetor when the Senate was holding discussions on the dispute between Magnesia and Priene. He is mentioned in a context that suggests he was one of the "Decemviri sacris faciundis", a priestly college "(collegium)" who oversaw the Sibylline Books, in 143 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="5985737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985737" title="List of compositions by Igor Stravinsky">
List of compositions by Igor Stravinsky

This is a list of compositions by Igor Stravinsky.
Player piano.
This is not a list of all piano rolls of Stravinsky's music, but only of those the composer himself composed or re-wrote for player piano. The dates are of publication.

</doc>
<doc id="5985739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985739" title="Carrot">
Carrot

The carrot ("Daucus carota" subsp. "sativus"; etymology: from Late Latin "carōta", from Greek καρωτόν "karōton", originally from the Indo-European root "ker-" (horn), due to its horn-like shape) is a root vegetable, usually orange in colour, though purple, red, white, and yellow varieties exist. It has a crisp texture when fresh. The most commonly eaten part of a carrot is a taproot, although the greens are sometimes eaten as well. It is a domesticated form of the wild carrot "Daucus carota", native to Europe and southwestern Asia. The domestic carrot has been selectively bred for its greatly enlarged and more palatable, less woody-textured edible taproot. The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) reports that world production of carrots and turnips (these plants are combined by the FAO for reporting purposes) for calendar year 2011 was almost 35.658 million tonnes. Almost half were grown in China. Carrots are widely used in many cuisines, especially in the preparation of salads, and carrot salads are a tradition in many regional cuisines.
Description.
The carrot is a variable biennial plant, usually growing up to 1 m tall and flowering from June to August. The umbels are claret-coloured or pale pink before they open, then bright white and rounded when in full flower, measuring 3–7 cm wide with a festoon of bracts beneath; finally, as they turn to seed, they contract and become concave like a bird's nest. The dried umbels detach from the plant, becoming tumbleweeds.
Similar in appearance to the deadly poison hemlock, "D. carota" is distinguished by a mix of bi-pinnate and tri-pinnate leaves, fine hairs on its stems and leaves, a root that smells like carrots, and occasionally a single dark red flower in its center.
History.
The wild ancestors of the carrot are likely to have come from Iran and Afghanistan, which remain the centre of diversity of "Daucus carota", the wild carrot. Selective breeding over the centuries of a naturally occurring subspecies of the wild carrot, "Daucus carota" subsp. "sativus", to reduce bitterness, increase sweetness and minimise the woody core, has produced the familiar garden vegetable.
In early use, carrots were grown for their aromatic leaves and seeds, not their roots. Carrot seeds have been found in Switzerland and Southern Germany dating to 2000–3000 BC. Some relatives of the carrot are still grown for their leaves and seeds, such as parsley, fennel, dill and cumin. The first mention of the root in classical sources is in the 1st century. The modern carrot originated in Afghanistan about 1100 years ago. It was purple in the 10th century in such locations as the Middle East, India and Europe. It appears to have been introduced to Europe via Spain by the Moors in the 8th century. The 12th-century Arab Andalusian agriculturist, Ibn al-'Awwam, describes both red and yellow carrots; Simeon Seth also mentions both colours in the 11th century. Cultivated carrots appeared in China in the 14th century, and in Japan in the 18th century. Orange-coloured carrots appeared in the Netherlands, where the flag included orange, in the 17th century. These, the modern carrots, were intended by the antiquary John Aubrey (1626–1697) when he noted in his memoranda "Carrots were first sown at Beckington in Somersetshire Some very old Man there 1668 did remember their first bringing hither." European settlers introduced the carrot to Colonial America in the 17th century.
Purple carrots, still orange on the inside, were sold in British stores starting in 2002.
Chemistry.
Polyacetylenes can be found in Apiaceae vegetables like carrots where they show cytotoxic activities. Falcarinol and falcarindiol ("cis"-heptadeca-1,9-diene-4,6-diyne-3,8-diol) are such compounds. This latter compound shows antifungal activity towards "Mycocentrospora acerina" and "Cladosporium cladosporioides". Falcarindiol is the main compound responsible for bitterness in carrots.
Other compounds such as pyrrolidine (present in the leaves), 6-hydroxymellein, 6-methoxymellein, eugenin, 2,4,5-trimethoxybenzaldehyde (gazarin) or (Z)-3-acetoxy-heptadeca-1,9-diene-4,6-diin-8-ol (falcarindiol 3-acetate) can also be found in carrot.
Nutrition.
Most carrot cultivars are about 88% water, 7% sugar, 1% protein, 1% fibre, 1% ash, and 0.2% fat. The fibre comprises mostly cellulose, with smaller proportions of hemicellulose and lignin. Carrots contain almost no starch. Free sugars in carrot include sucrose, glucose, xylose and fructose. Nitrite and nitrate contents are about 40 and 0.41 milligrams per 100 grams (fresh), respectively. Most of the taste of the vegetable is due to glutamic acid and other free amino acids. Other acids present in trace amounts include succinic acid, α-ketoglutaric acid, lactic acid and glycolic acid; the major phenolic acid is caffeic acid.
The carrot gets its characteristic and bright orange colour from β-carotene, and lesser amounts of α-carotene and γ-carotene. α and β-carotenes are partly metabolised into vitamin A in humans. β-carotene is the predominant carotenoid, although there are lesser amounts of α-carotene and γ-carotene. There are typically between 6000 and 54,000 micrograms of carotenoids per 100 grams of carrot root. Carrot extracts are used by poultry producers to improve animal skin and alter the colour of egg yolk. Massive overconsumption of carrots can cause carotenosis, a benign condition in which the skin turns orange. Carrots are also rich in antioxidants and minerals. Ethnomedically, the roots are used as an emmenagogue (to increase blood flow in the pelvic area and uterus), a carminative (to reduce flatulence), to treat digestive problems, intestinal parasites, and tonsillitis or constipation.
Lack of vitamin A can cause poor vision, including night vision, and this can be remedied by adding vitamin A to the diet. An urban legend states that eating large quantities of carrots will allow one to see in the dark. This myth developed from stories about British gunners in World War II, who were able to shoot down German planes at night. The rumour arose during the Battle of Britain when the RAF circulated a story about their pilots' carrot consumption in an attempt to cover up the discovery and effective use of radar technologies in engaging enemy planes, as well as the use of red light (which does not destroy night vision) in aircraft instruments. It reinforced existing German beliefs, and helped to encourage Britons who were trying to improve their night vision during the blackout to grow and eat the vegetable, which was not rationed like most other foodstuffs. A "Dr. Carrot" advertising campaign encouraged its consumption.
Methods of consumption and uses.
Carrots can be eaten in a variety of ways. Only 3% of the β-carotene in raw carrots is released during digestion: this can be improved to 39% by pulping, cooking and adding cooking oil. Alternatively they may be chopped and boiled, fried or steamed, and cooked in soups and stews, as well as baby and pet foods. A well-known dish is "carrots julienne". Together with onion and celery, carrots are one of the primary vegetables used in a "mirepoix" to make various broths.
The greens are edible as a leaf vegetable, but are only occasionally eaten by humans; some sources suggest that the greens contain toxic alkaloids. When used for this purpose, they are harvested young in high-density plantings, before significant root development, and typically used stir-fried, or in salads. Some people are allergic to carrots. In a 2010 study on the prevalence of food allergies in Europe, 3.6 percent of young adults showed some degree of sensitivity to carrots. Because the major carrot allergen, the protein Dauc c 1.0104, is cross-reactive with homologues in birch pollen (Bet v 1) and mugwort pollen (Art v 1), most carrot allergy sufferers are also allergic to pollen from these plants.
In India carrots are used in a variety of ways, as salads or as vegetables added to spicy rice or daal dishes. A popular variation in north India is the Gajar Ka Halwa carrot dessert, which has carrots grated and cooked in milk until the whole mixture is solid, after which nuts and butter are added. Carrot salads are usually made with grated carrots in western parts with a seasoning of mustard seeds and green chillies popped in hot oil, while adding carrots to rice usually is in julienne shape. 
The variety of carrot found in north India is rare everywhere except in Central Asia and other contiguous regions, and is now growing in popularity in larger cosmopolitan cities in South India. The north Indian carrot is pink-red comparable to plum or raspberry or deep red apple in colour (without a touch of yellow or blue) while most other carrot varieties in the world vary from orange to yellow in colour, comparable to hallowe'en pumpkins.
Since the late 1980s, baby carrots or mini-carrots (carrots that have been peeled and cut into uniform cylinders) have been a popular ready-to-eat snack food available in many supermarkets. Carrots are puréed and used as baby food, dehydrated to make chips, flakes, and powder, and thinly sliced and deep-fried, like potato chips.
The sweetness of carrots allows the vegetable to be used in some fruit-like roles. Grated carrots are used in carrot cakes, as well as carrot puddings, an old English dish thought to have originated in the early 19th century. Carrots can also be used alone or with fruits in jam and preserves. Carrot juice is also widely marketed, especially as a health drink, either stand-alone or blended with fruits and other vegetables.
Companion plant.
Carrots are useful companion plants for gardeners. There is experimental evidence that growing it intercropped with tomatoes increases tomato production. If left to flower, it (like any umbellifer) attracts predatory wasps that kill many garden pests.
Cultivation.
Carrots grow best in full sun but tolerate some shade. The optimum growth temperature is between , and growing carrots in loose soil free from rocks will result in straight, undeformed roots. They thrive in raised garden beds. High nitrogen levels should be avoided, as this will cause the vegetables to become hairy and misshapen. The seeds, which are 1–3 mm in diameter, should be sown about 2 cm deep. Carrots take around four months to mature and it is suggested that carrot seeds are sown from mid-February to July.
Cultivation problems.
There are several diseases that can reduce the yield and market value of carrots. The most devastating carrot disease is "Alternaria" leaf blight, which has been known to eradicate entire crops. A bacterial leaf blight caused by "Xanthomonas campestris" can also be destructive in warm, humid areas. Root knot nematodes ("Meloidogyne" species) can cause stubby or forked roots, or galls. Cavity spot, caused by the oomycetes "Pythium violae" and "Pythium sulcatum", results in irregularly shaped, depressed lesions on the taproots.
Physical damage can also reduce the value of carrot crops. The two main forms of damage are splitting, whereby a longitudinal crack develops during growth that can be a few centimetres to the entire length of the root, and breaking, which occurs postharvest. These disorders can affect over 30% of commercial crops. Factors associated with high levels of splitting include wide plant spacing, early sowing, lengthy growth durations, and genotype.
Cultivars.
Carrot cultivars can be grouped into two broad classes, eastern carrots and western carrots. More recently, a number of novelty cultivars have been bred for particular characteristics.
The city of Holtville, California, promotes itself as "Carrot Capital of the World", and holds an annual festival devoted entirely to the carrot.
Eastern carrots were domesticated in Central Asia, probably in modern-day Iran and Afghanistan in the 10th century, or possibly earlier. Specimens of the eastern carrot that survive to the present day are commonly purple or yellow, and often have branched roots. The purple colour common in these carrots comes from anthocyanin pigments.
The western carrot emerged in the Netherlands in the 17th century, its orange colour making it popular in those countries as an emblem of the House of Orange and the struggle for Dutch independence. The orange colour results from abundant carotenes in these cultivars. 
Western carrot cultivars are commonly classified by their root shape. The four general types listed below are followed by specific variety examples. However, there are also many varieties falling outside these types.
One particular variety lacks the usual orange pigment from carotenes, owing its white colour to a recessive gene for tocopherol (vitamin E). Derived from "Daucus carota" L. and patented at the University of 
Wisconsin–Madison, 
the variety is intended to supplement the dietary intake of Vitamin E.
Production trends.
Carrot is one of the top-ten most economically important vegetables crops in the world. In 2011, according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, 35.658 million tonnes of carrots and turnips were produced worldwide for human consumption, grown on . With 16.233 million tonnes, China was by far the largest producer and accounted for 45.5% of the global output, followed by Russia (1.735 million tonnes), the United States (1.342), Uzbekistan (1.222), Poland (0.887), Ukraine (0.864), and the United Kingdom (0.694). About 61% of world carrot production occurred in Asia, followed by the Europe (24.2%) and the Americas (North, Central, and South America and the Caribbean) (9.7%). Less than 4% of the world's 2011 total was produced in Africa. Global production has increased from 21.4 million tonnes in 2000, 13.7 million tonnes in 1990, 10.4 million tonnes in 1980, and 7.85 million tonnes in 1970. The rate of increase in the global production of carrots has been greater than the world's population growth rate, and greater than the overall increase in world vegetable production. Europe was traditionally the major centre of production, but was overtaken by Asia in 1997. The growth in global production is largely the result of increases in production area rather than average yield. Modest improvements in the latter can be attributed to optimised agricultural practices, the development of better cultivars (including hybrids), and increased farm mechanisation.
Storage.
Carrots can be stored for several months in the refrigerator or over winter in a moist, cool place. For long term storage, unwashed carrots can be placed in a bucket between layers of sand, a 50/50 mix of sand and wood shavings, or in soil. A temperature range of 32 to 40°F (0 to 5°C) is best.

</doc>
<doc id="5985742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985742" title="Marcus Fulvius Nobilior (consul 159 BC)">
Marcus Fulvius Nobilior (consul 159 BC)

Marcus Fulvius Nobilior was a Roman politician. He is not to be confused with his father who was also called Marcus Fulvius Nobilior and who also served as consul.
He was tribune of the plebs 171 BC, curule aedile 166 BC, the year in which the "Andria" of Terence was performed, and consul 159 BC. Of the events of his consulship we have no records, but as the triumphal "fasti" assign him a triumph in the following year over the Eleates, a Ligurian people, he must have carried on war in Liguria.

</doc>
<doc id="5985747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985747" title="Women's Peace Council">
Women's Peace Council

The Women's Peace Council was a group that, during World War I, campaigned for a negotiated end to the conflict. The group's membership was mainly from the Women's Freedom League, a group made up of suffragettes. Many of its members were also pacifists.

</doc>
<doc id="5985748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985748" title="List of vampires in folklore and mythology">
List of vampires in folklore and mythology

This list covers the many types of vampires or vampire-like legendary creatures of global folklore and mythology. It does not include any vampire that originates in a work of fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="5985749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985749" title="U.C. Montecchio Maggiore">
U.C. Montecchio Maggiore

Unione Calcio Montecchio Maggiore is an Italian association football club located in Montecchio Maggiore, Veneto. It currently plays in Eccellenza.
History.
Th eclub was founded in 1923.
At the end of the 2010-11 Serie D season, the club was relegated to Eccellenza after the play-off, but was later readmitted after a judgment of the High Court of Justice changed the result of the match Montebelluna-Este from 2-1 to 0-3.
In the season 2011-12 it was relegated to Eccellenza.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5985755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985755" title="Arthur Irvine">
Arthur Irvine

Rt Hon Sir Arthur James Irvine, QC (14 July 1909 – 15 December 1978) was a British barrister and politician. He was MP for Liverpool Edge Hill from 1947 till his death in December 1978.
Irvine was educated at Edinburgh Academy and Oriel College, Oxford, where he was president of the Oxford Union in 1932. He became a barrister in 1935, when he was called by Middle Temple, and became secretary to the Lord Chief Justice 1935-40. He became Queen's Counsel in 1958 and recorder of Colchester in 1965.
In 1937, Irvine stood as a Liberal candidate at Bethnal Green North East in the London County Council elections.
In his first two unsuccessful parliamentary contests in Kincardine and West Aberdeenshire in 1935 and 1939, Irvine was a Liberal Party candidate, but later joined the Labour Party. After two further election defeats in Twickenham in 1945 and Aberdeen South in 1946, he was eventually elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Liverpool Edge Hill at the 1947 by-election.
Irvine became Solicitor General in 1967, when he was knighted and served till 1970. 
He became a privy councillor in the New Years Honours 1970. 
His son Michael Irvine served as Conservative MP for Ipswich between 1987 and 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="5985760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985760" title="LNER Thompson Class B2">
LNER Thompson Class B2

The London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) Thompson Class B2 was a class of 4-6-0 steam locomotive. It was introduced in 1945 as a two-cylinder rebuild (with diagram 100A boiler) of the three-cylinder LNER Class B17. Ten were rebuilt from Class B17 but no more were rebuilt because of the success of the LNER Thompson Class B1.
Numbering.
The LNER renumbered its locomotive stock during the period that these locomotives were being rebuilt, so some were renumbered at the time that they were rebuilt, some before rebuilding, and some after rebuilding. The renumbering plan for class B2 was the same as for class B17: in each case the first two digits were altered from 28 to 16. Thus 2803 became 1603 at rebuilding in October 1946; 2807 had already become 1607 (December 1946) prior to rebuilding in May 1947; and 2814 (rebuilt November 1946) became 1614 in December 1946. Between 1948 and 1950, British Railways increased these numbers by 60000; no. 61644 was so renumbered at the time of its rebuilding in March 1949.
Names.
The rebuilt locomotives kept their names:
Two of the locomotives were renamed. No. 1671, based at Cambridge, was the official Royal engine, used to haul specials to and from , which was the nearest station to Sandringham; for this purpose it was renamed "Royal Sovereign" in April 1946. When this locomotive was unavailable, no. 61617 "Ford Castle" was the designated reserve, and it was the latter which was one of the locomotives used to haul the funeral train of King George VI on 11 February 1952. This locomotive was used from Wolferton as far as ; the train was hauled from there to King's Cross by BR standard class 7 70000 Britannia. The second renaming occurred after the withdrawal of 61671 in September 1958: in October, the name "Royal Sovereign" was transferred to no. 61632, which then became the official Royal engine.
None of them survived the scrapyard to be preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="5985763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985763" title="Marcus Claudius Marcellus (consul 166 BC)">
Marcus Claudius Marcellus (consul 166 BC)

Marcus Claudius Marcellus (died circa 148 BC) was Roman consul for year 166 BC (together with Gaius Sulpicius Gallus), for 155 BC (with Publius Cornelius Scipio Nasica Corculum), and for 152 BC (with Lucius Valerius Flaccus).
In 155 BC, he celebrated a triumph against the Apuani.
He was apparently the son of Marcus Claudius Marcellus (consul 196 BC), censor in 189 BC and the grandson of Marcus Claudius Marcellus, the five-times consul.
He founded Corduba (Cordoba) sometime in the 160s or 150s.

</doc>
<doc id="5985766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985766" title="Frank Edwards">
Frank Edwards

Frank Edwards may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5985773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985773" title="Geography of Åland">
Geography of Åland

The Åland archipelago consists of nearly three hundred inhabitable islands, of which about eighty are inhabited; the remainder are some 6,000 skerries and desolate rocks. The archipelago is connected to Turku archipelago in the east (Finnish: Turunmaan saaristo, Swedish: Åbolands skärgård) — the archipelago adjacent to the southwest coast of Finland.
The islands' landmass occupies a total area of . Ninety per cent of the population live on Fasta Åland (the Main Island), also the site of the capital town of Mariehamn. Fasta Åland is the largest island in the archipelago, extending over 1,010 square kilometres, more than 70% of the province's land area, and stretching from north to south and from east to west.
The surface of the islands are generally rocky, with red granite predominating. The soil is thin, and the climate keen. In many places shell beds add to the fertility of the soil. There are several harbours, most notably at Ytternäs.
The coast of Åland is deeply indented by bays and fjords, which form excellent sheltered harbours for vessels of draught not exceeding 19 ft. The most notable harbour is at Ytternäs. The large islands of Eckerö, Lemland, and Lumparland are separated from Åland and each other by narrow shallow straits. The islands of Fölglö, Vårdö, and the archipelago of Geta are more massive, with steep cliffs and a less indented coastline. Many small lakes exist on the larger islands.
The mildness of the climate and the richness of the soil tend to the growth of a more luxuriant vegetation than on the mainland of Finland. Pines and firs, birch, aspen, elm, ash, and lime grow, and oaks occur in small woods all over Åland. Traditionally, timber was exported for shipbuilding, and local clay was used in the tile and brickworks on Åland.
Flocks of seabirds live on the rocky islets. Traditionally, migratory birds were hunted by the inhabitants, but the native sea-birds were protected, and their eggs used as food. The islets of Lågskär, Klåfskär and Signilskär were the traditional home to colonies of eider-duck, whose down was collected from the nests after the young had left, for export.
Mapping.
A transnational Euroregion encompasses Åland and nearby coastal archipelagoes (skärgårdar). During the Åland crisis, the parties sought support from different maps of the islands. On the Swedish map, the most densely populated main island dominated, and many skerries were left out. On the Finnish map, a lot of smaller islands or skerries were, for technical reasons, given a slightly exaggerated size. The Swedish map made the islands appear to be closer to the mainland of Sweden than to Finland; the Finnish map stressed the continuity of the archipelago between the main island and mainland Finland, while a greater gap appeared between the islands and the archipelago on the Swedish side. Although both Finns and Swedes argued for their respective interpretations, in retrospect it is hard to say that one is more correct than the other. One consequence is the oft-repeated number of "over 6,000" skerries, that was given authority by the outcome of the arbitration.

</doc>
<doc id="5985784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985784" title="A.S.D. Rivignano">
A.S.D. Rivignano

Associazione Sportiva Dilettante Rivignano is an Italian association football club located in Rivignano, Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are black and light blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5985786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985786" title="Fasta Åland">
Fasta Åland

Fasta Åland ( or ) is the largest and most populous island of Åland, an autonomous province of Finland. The provincial capital Mariehamn is located on the island. With the area of 685 km² it is the 3rd largest island in Finland.
Ninety per cent of the population live on "Fasta Åland" (the Main Island), which is also the site of the capital town of Mariehamn. "Fasta Åland" is the largest island in the archipelago, extending over 1,010 square kilometres, more than 70% of the province's land area. It measures approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) from north to south and 45 kilometres (28 mi) from east to west.
The large bay, Lumparn, in the east of Fasta Åland is now believed to be the impact crater from a meteorite impact about 1000 million years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="5985797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985797" title="Jasper More">
Jasper More

Sir Jasper More (July 1907 – 28 October 1987) was a British Conservative Party politician, the son of Sir Thomas Jasper Mytton More (died 1947), a Shropshire landowner, and Lady Norah Browne, daughter of Henry Browne, 5th Marquess of Sligo.
More was educated at Eton College and King's College, Cambridge, becoming a barrister, called by Lincoln's Inn and Middle Temple in 1930. His career at the bar ended with the outbreak of World War II. He was a civilian employee of the Ministry of Economic Warfare and the Ministry of Aircraft Production and Light Metals Control until 1942, was commissioned as an Army legal officer on the General List in 1943, and was in Italy until 1945 and with the military government of the Dodecanese until 1946. In 1944, he married Clare Hope-Edwards, also a Shropshire landowner. They had no children.
He was a landowner and farmer and chaired the Shropshire branch of the Country Landowners' Association 1955–60. He became a Shropshire County Councillor in 1958, and was later a deputy lieutenant and justice of the peace.
During the 1960s More joined the Conservative Monday Club, and he was elected Member of Parliament for Ludlow in a 1960 by-election, a seat he held until 1979, preceding Eric Cockeram. He introduced the Deer Act, 1963 to protect deer not kept in enclosed parks. More was made a government whip in February 1964, then become an opposition whip, and again for the government benches from 1970 to 1971, when he resigned in disagreement with the government's policy on the European Economic Community. He was knighted in 1979.
More was politically unambitious, gaining his whip posts largely through conscientious attendance. He principally devoted himself to life as a country squire. He authored several books, including "The Saving of Income Tax, Surtax and Death Duties" and the "Shell Guide to English Villages".

</doc>
<doc id="5985812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985812" title="Nasukarasuyama, Tochigi">
Nasukarasuyama, Tochigi

As of May 1, 2006, the city has an estimated population of 30,894 and a population density of 180 persons per km². The total area is 174.42 km².
The modern city of Nasukarasuyama was established on October 1, 2005, from the merger of the towns of Karasuyama and Minaminasu (both from Nasu District).
Nasu-Karasuyama City has one main street called Chuo Dori. This main street has a number of small businesses. Off this main street, there is the Yamaage Kaikan, and a place where Yamaage festival is held in summer. Loosely translated, this means "mountain deification". A shopping center (Beisia) is located slightly outside the center of the city.
There Karasuyama train line connects to Hoshakuji and Utsunomiya.

</doc>
<doc id="5985813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985813" title="Lyse Abbey">
Lyse Abbey

Lyse Abbey or Saint Mary's Abbey, Lyse () is a now-ruined Cistercian monastery in Os in the county of Hordaland in south-western Norway. The name "Lyse" is derived from the Lysefjorden, "the fjord of light", on which the building stood.
Pre-Reformation.
Lyse Abbey was founded in 1146 by Sigurd, Bishop of Bergen, on farmland that he owned, as the Christianisation of Norway was nearing completion. The first monks were brought from Fountains Abbey in Yorkshire, England. This was the first Cistercian monastery in Norway and was modelled on others built in England and France.
As with all Cistercians, the monks took a vow of poverty. Renouncing all sources of income except from farming, they developed considerable skill in farming operations and management. Over time, this led to the abbey acquiring many other farms in the area, making it ever more rich and powerful. In all, the monastery had about 50 other farms in Os with at least as many more in other areas.
After the Reformation.
The abbey was dissolved in 1537 when Christian III of Denmark decreed Lutheranism to be the state religion of Norway. The abbey’s possessions were confiscated, becoming the property of the King. Over the next two centuries, the stones of the monastery structures were gradually removed and contributed to buildings such as the Rosenkrantz Tower in Bergen, and Kronborg Castle in Helsingør in Denmark. Some stones were shipped as far as Germany.
The monastery today.
The ruins are protected as a national monument and archaeological work to preserve and record the site continues. The monastery is a well-visited tourist site with good nature walks nearby.
It is common for couples today to be married at the ruins, or at least to have wedding photographs taken there.

</doc>
<doc id="5985815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985815" title="Ashram Road">
Ashram Road

The Ashram Road is one of the major roads in the city of Ahmedabad in India. A major portion of the road runs parallel to the Sabarmati. The road is a major financial hub of the city with the offices of the Reserve Bank of India and the Income Tax department located on the road. The road is also a tourist destination with the Sabarmati Ashram and the City Gold multiplex located on the road. Several of the best showrooms for sarees and traditional clothing like Asopalav and Anupam are situated on this road.
Important offices and landmarks located on Ashram road are:

</doc>
<doc id="5985816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985816" title="Yoshihiro Takahashi">
Yoshihiro Takahashi

Takahashi was born September 18, 1953, in Higashinaruse, Akita. He was very interested in drawing growing up and, in the 1960s, started publishing small comics in several newspapers and magazines. His first manga was "Shitamachi Benkei", but his break through came in 1984 when publishing the popular manga "", also known as Silver Fang, or Silver Fang Legend Gin, the story about a dog who goes in search of other dogs to fight a bear named Akakabuto. He got the idea in 1980 when he read an article about domestic dogs that ran away from their owners and lived as wild dogs in the mountains. The pure idea fascinated him, which lead him to write the manga about the puppy. In 1987, the series won the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen manga.
Takahashi started to publish the sequel, "Ginga Densetsu Weed", in 1999 and it soon became a hit as well as an anime which aired on September 17, 2005. He has been touted as the first manga artist to have featured a puppy hero.
Takahashi was the guest of honour at the Finnish role-playing and anime fan convention Tracon in Tampere on September 3 and 4 2011. It was his first visit to Finland and most likely his first time being a guest of honour outside of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5985823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985823" title="Frances Eally Gray">
Frances Eally Gray

Frances Eally Gray (September 19, 1790 – December 29, 1856) was a politician from Massachusetts. The son of Elizabeth and William Gray, he graduated Harvard University (1809) and went on to be John Quincy Adams's private secretary, a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, and president of the Boston Athenæum. When he died, he left many gifts to Harvard, including his collection of 3,000 engravings and $50,000 (equivalent to $ today) to be put towards a museum of comparative zoology.

</doc>
<doc id="5985824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985824" title="A.S.D. Sacilese Calcio">
A.S.D. Sacilese Calcio

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Sacilese Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Sacile, Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
At the end of the 2010-11 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season, the club was relegated to Serie D where currently it plays.
History.
The club was founded in 1920.
From 2006-07 to 2009-10.
In the 2006-07 Serie D season, the team ended 8th in "Girone C". A year later, in the 2007-08 Serie D season, the team placed 4th in the same division. It qualified for the promotional playoffs but lost in the first round.
In the 2008-09 Serie D season, Sacilese placed 1st in Girone C, achieving direct promotion to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
In the 2009-10 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season, Sacilese placed 11th in Girone B.
2010-11: relegated to Serie D after play-out.
At the end of the 2010-11 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione season, Sacilese was ranked in 15th place with 27 points, with a record of 5 victories, 12 draws and 15 defeats, preceding Sanremese for the direct matches. The placement forced the two teams to play the relegation play-offs.
The first match was played in Sanremo on May 22, the return at home on 29 May 2011. Sacilese lost the away match 2-1 and drew 1-1 at home, therefore relegating them to Serie D.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5985835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985835" title="Joseph Royal">
Joseph Royal

Joseph Royal (7 May 1837 – 23 August 1902) was a Canadian journalist, lawyer, politician, businessman, and Lieutenant Governor of the Northwest Territories.
Early life and career.
Royal studied at St. Mary's Jesuit college in Montreal. His early publishing career included a term as editor of Montreal's "Minerve" from 1857 to 1859. He then founded and published other Montreal-based publications such as "L'Ordre" (1859-1860), "La Revue Canadienne" (1864) and "Le Nouveau Monde" (1867, editor-in-chief). Soon after moving to Manitoba, Royal founded "Le Metis" and operated that publication from 1871 to 1882 after which its new owner changed its title to "Le Manitoba".
His legal career began in Lower Canada where he was called to that province's bar in 1864. He joined the Manitoba bar in 1871 after moving to that province. In 1880, Royal left legal practice.
Political career.
In the 1870 Manitoba provincial elections, he was acclaimed to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba for the riding St François Xavier West, and in 1871 he was unanimously chosen speaker. From 1874 to 1876, he was the Provincial Secretary and Minister of Public Works. From 1876 to 1878, he was the Attorney General. In 1878, he was the Minister of Public Works.
In an 1879 by-election, he was elected to the Canadian House of Commons representing the Manitoba riding of Provencher. A Conservative, he was re-elected in 1882 and 1887.
Royal was appointed to, and served as a member on the Temporary North-West Council, the first legislature of the Northwest Territories from 1872 to 1876. He would later serve as the Lieutenant Governor of the Northwest Territories from 1888 to 1893.
Later life.
In December 1894, Royal returned to "La Minerve" where he became editor-in-chief. After publishing other books, he died in Montreal in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="5985836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985836" title="Morrisville-Eaton Central School District">
Morrisville-Eaton Central School District

Morrisville-Eaton Central School District is located in Morrisville, New York, U.S.A. It is located in Madison County, in the center of New York State. It is a small rural village roughly 30 miles southeast of Syracuse and 30 miles southwest of Utica. Morrisville had a population of 2,148 for the 2000 census. The school district consists of the Edward R. Andrews Elementary School and Morrisville-Eaton Junior/Senior High School. Grades K-6 attend the elementary school, while 7-12 attends the Jr./Sr. High School.
The Morrisville-Eaton Central School District serves approximately 15,190 residents in seven townships which are: Eaton, Fenner, Lebanon, Lincoln, Nelson, Smithfield, and Stockbridge. The elementary and high school are host to about 450 students apiece.
The elementary school was built in 1935 with a large addition added in 1955. The high school was constructed in 1967 and was first used in March, 1968. In May 1999, voters approved an $11,600,000 renovation project for the high school, in which a large portion of this project included adding onto the school for more classroom space. It also added a track and new football field. This project was completed in 2004.
Athletics.
The high school offers a wide range of extra activities for its students. Fall sports include field hockey, boys and girls soccer, and football. Winter sports include a wrestling team, boys and girls basketball, volleyball, and a cheerleading squad. Spring sports include track, baseball, softball, and tennis. Morrisville is probably most recognized for their field hockey team, coach Patti Vaughan is currently 4th on New York State's All-Time wins list. The school's mascot is the Warrior and the school colors are white and scarlet.

</doc>
<doc id="5985838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985838" title="Ivor Clemitson">
Ivor Clemitson

Ivor Malcolm Clemitson (8 December 1931 - 24 December 1997) was a British Labour politician. 
Having graduated from the London School of Economics and completed National Service in the Royal Air Force, he trained as a priest and was ordained in 1958. In order to stand for Parliament in 1974, he had to renounce his orders.
At the February 1974 general election, Clemitson was elected as Member of Parliament for Luton East. He lived in the constituency and held his seat at the October 1974 election but, at the 1979 general election, lost by 847 votes to the Conservative Graham Bright.
He moved to France with his wife (Janet) and daughter (Suzannah) in the late 1990s and died at his home there just before Christmas 1997. Following his death, his sister, Jean, persuaded the General Synod of the Church of England to permit a stained glass window to be installed in his memory at St Mary's Church in Harlington, Bedfordshire, the village where they had lived for some time during childhood. The window, designed by Petri Anderson, was dedicated in May 2009.
Clemitson co-wrote "A Life to Live: Beyond Full Employment" (Junction Books, 1981) with George Rogers MP. Clemitson House, a municipal building in the centre of Luton, is named in memory of Clemitson and his father (Daniel), who had served as an alderman on the local council. Clemitson was a lifelong supporter of Luton Town Football Club.

</doc>
<doc id="5985840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985840" title="We're Only in It for the Drugs">
We're Only in It for the Drugs

"We're Only In It For The Drugs" is the title of the Swedish punk band Ebba Grön's debut album, first released in 1979.
The title is a play on the 1968 Frank Zappa album "We're Only in It for the Money".
Track listing.
A 2007 CD release adds two bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="5985841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985841" title="Columbia Heat">
Columbia Heat

Columbia Heat is a defunct soccer club which spent three seasons in the USISL.
History.
In 1993, the Columbia Spirit entered the USISL. Following the season, the team was renamed the Columbia Heat. In 1995, the USISL split into two leagues, the Professional and Premier (Amateur) Leagues. Columbia spent the season in the Premier League before withdrawing and folding at the end of the season. The team played in Columbia, South Carolina; at the University of South Carolina, on Eugene E. Stone III Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="5985842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985842" title="CTL Logistics">
CTL Logistics

CTL Logistics is a Polish rail JSC company operating mainly in freight transport. It consist of several dependent companies responsible for different areas of railway business. It is the biggest private railway company in Poland.
Share in local market.
CTL Logistics operates 138 km. of own rail tracks and total of 660 km. of all tracks in the system. The company owns 165 locomotives and 4.400 freight cars. In 2005 it transported over 40.000.000 tons of cargo, achieving share of 33% in private railway market.
Rolling stock.
CTL uses mostly PKP class ET22, PKP class ET21, PKP class ST43 ant PKP class ST44 locomotives. The company distinguishes its locomotives from PKP and other railways by painting them in blue and white colours, with orange front and a white logo positioned on the sides of body. Since 2007, CTL uses black and silver as its new company colours.
History.
CTL Logistics emerges from Chem Trans Logic company, who started operation in 1992, taking care of mainly chemicals transport. Fast development succeeded in starting a CTL Group holding with several Polish and German companies as participants. On the brink of 2004 and 2005 the company changed name to CTL Logistics. 
Dependent companies.
Following companies operate as holding members (joining year in brackets): CTL Północ (1993), CTL Południe (1994), CTL Logistics GmbH (1995), CTL Wagony, CTL Polski Koks Spedycja (1996), Panopa Polska, CTL Tankpol, CTL Chemkol, CTL Agencja Celna (2000), CTL Maczki-Bór (2002), CTL Rail, CTL Rail GmbH, CTL Kolzap, CTL Trans-port (2004), CTL Kargo Sp. z o.o. (2005),

</doc>
<doc id="5985851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985851" title="Sounine">
Sounine

Sounine is a village located in the Northern part of Tunisia, 60 km from the capital, Tunis and 30 km from Bizerte. The village is split in two main parts, namely, Sounine village and Sounine plage (the beach). 
Sounine plage is characterized by a sea side with rocks. However, people can easily reach a sand beach by walking 20 minutes along the coast. The sand beach has been nicknamed Acapulco as it really look like its sister beach which is located in the west coast of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5985852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985852" title="Marcus Claudius Marcellus (consul 196 BC)">
Marcus Claudius Marcellus (consul 196 BC)

Marcus Claudius Marcellus was a consul (196 BC) and a censor in (189 BC) of the Roman Republic. He was the son of the famous general Marcus Claudius Marcellus (killed 208 BC), and possibly father of the three-time consul Marcus Claudius Marcellus (consul 166 BC).
Marcellus first appears in Livy's history when his father, then curule aedile, brought an action before the senate against his colleague Scantinius Capitolinus who had made improper advances to the young and beautiful boy. The younger Marcellus, despite his evident embarrassment, convinced the senate of the man's guilt and his father was recompensed with some articles of silver which he dedicated to a temple. Marcellus would have been at least seven, and probably over 13 at the time of the incident (c. 226 BC). The relation of this case to the "Lex Scantinia" is vexed, since a Roman law was named after its proposer, and never a defendant.
Like his coevals, Marcellus fought in the Second Punic War, probably accompanying his father on various military campaigns, including the famous campaign against Syracuse. He was military tribune under his father, when the two consuls were ambushed in 208 BC resulting in his father's death and the other consul's severe injury. Marcellus himself was badly wounded; his father's body was subsequently returned by Hannibal to the son.
In 204 BD Marcellus was a tribune of the plebs, appointed to lead a commission (also including Cato) to investigate charges made against Scipio Africanus. The charges were dismissed, and it is unclear what relationship, if any, existed between the two men. (Marcellus's father and Scipio's uncle had been co-consuls in 222 BC).

</doc>
<doc id="5985858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985858" title="Robert Stewart, 4th Lord of Aubigny">
Robert Stewart, 4th Lord of Aubigny

Robert Stewart (or Stuart) (c. 1470–1544), Lord of Aubigny, Count of Beaumont-le-Roger, was a French soldier belonging to the family of Stewart of Darnley.
Robert was the fourth son of John Stewart, 1st Earl of Lennox and Margaret Montgomerie. He inherited the Lordship of Aubigny through his marriage to his cousin Anne Stewart, daughter of Bernard Stewart, Lord of Aubigny (died 1508). Robert began his military career in 1493 when he joined the "Garde Écossaise" of King Charles VIII of France. He served with Bernard in Italy in Charles VIII's Italian War and later in that of Louis XII under Trémoille. 
He was made Marshal of France in 1514, reconfirmed by Francis I the following year. During the skirmishing leading to the Battle of Marignano in 1515 his soldiers under Jacques de la Palice surprised and captured the Papal commander Prospero Colonna in a daring cavalry raid behind enemy lines. He also fought at the Battle of Pavia in 1525. He died in March of April 1544.

</doc>
<doc id="5985861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985861" title="Charles Godfrey">
Charles Godfrey

Charles Godfrey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5985867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985867" title="A.C. Sambonifacese">
A.C. Sambonifacese

Associazione Calcio Sambonifacese is an Italian association football club located in San Bonifacio, Veneto. 
The team currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1921 as "Associazione Sportiva Sambonifacese". 
In 1943 it has become Associazione Calcio Sambonifacese.
In the 2007–08 season of Serie D, Sambonifacese has finished 3rd in Girone C, qualifying it for the promotional playoffs. As the playoff winner, the team won special promotion to Serie C2, now called Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, as one of the 5 top teams in the promotional playoffs.
In the season 2011-12 it was relegated from Lega Pro Seconda Divisione/A to Serie D
Colors and badge.
Its colors are red and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5985873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985873" title="List of compositions by Witold Lutosławski">
List of compositions by Witold Lutosławski

This is a list of compositions by Polish composer Witold Lutosławski.

</doc>
<doc id="5985874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985874" title="George Mainwaring">
George Mainwaring

George Mainwaring may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5985886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985886" title="Leptolalax">
Leptolalax

Leptolalax is a genus of frogs (order Anura) in the family Megophryidae. They are sometimes known as Asian toads, although many species-specific common names do not follow this convention, and many species do not have common names. They are widely distributed in southeastern and eastern Asia, from southern China and northeastern India to the Malay Peninsula and Borneo. "Leptolalax" are typically small and have a cryptic colour pattern and no obvious morphological characters useful in systematic studies. Consequently, both molecular genetic analyses and analysis of advertisement calls by male frogs have been important in identifying new species.
Two subgenera are recognized: "Leptolalax" and "Lalos" (the latter was first named as "Lalax", but the name was already occupied). "Lalos" has a more northern distribution and only includes species from the continental Asia, whereas "Leptolalax" includes all the species from Borneo ("Leptolalax arayai", "Leptolalax dringi", "Leptolalax fritinniens", "Leptolalax gracilis", "Leptolalax hamidi", "Leptolalax maurus", and "Leptolalax pictus") as well as few continental species ("Leptolalax croceus", "Leptolalax melicus") and "Leptolalax kajangensis" from Tioman Island, at least provisionally.
Most "Leptolalax" species have been reported from very small areas and only a few species have large areas of occurrence. Whether this distinction is real or the widespread species represent cryptic species complexes remains to be confirmed.
Species.
There are 40 species in the genus. New species are still being described, including three new ones in 2013 and one in 2014:

</doc>
<doc id="5985889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985889" title="Alfred Hall-Davis">
Alfred Hall-Davis

Alfred George Fletcher Hall-Davis (21 June 1924 - 20 November 1979) was a British Conservative Party politician. 
Hall-Davis was educated at Terra Nova School, Birkdale and Clifton College, Bristol. He was a director of brewery, hotel and other companies and served on the Conservative Party executive. 
Hall-Davis contested St Helens in 1950 and Chorley in 1951 and 1955.
He was Member of Parliament for Morecambe and Lonsdale from 1964 until 1979, preceding Mark Lennox-Boyd. From 1973 to 1974, he was an assistant government whip.
Hall-Davis died at the age of 55, six months after leaving the House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5985891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985891" title="Kärlek &amp; uppror">
Kärlek &amp; uppror

Kärlek & uppror ("Love & Uprising") is the second album by Swedish punk band Ebba Grön, first released in 1981. Aftonbladet rewarded this album with "Rockbjörnen" 1980.
Track listing.
All song written by Ebba Grön except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="5985892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985892" title="Robert Lloyd (bass)">
Robert Lloyd (bass)

Robert Andrew Lloyd CBE (born 2 March 1940) is an English operatic bass.
Born in Southend-on-Sea, Essex, Lloyd was educated at Keble College, Oxford, and studied in London with the baritone Otakar Kraus. He made his debut with University College Opera in 1969 as Don Fernando in "Leonore", the early version of Fidelio. From 1969 to 1972 he was Principal Bass with the Sadler's Wells Opera Company (now English National Opera), and from 1972 to 1982 was a member of the Royal Opera, Covent Garden. He made 195 appearances with the Metropolitan Opera, New York, during the period 1988-2008.
He has sung leading roles at Glyndebourne and with other British opera companies, and has appeared in major opera houses throughout the world. He sings roles in British, German, Italian, French and Russian works (Claggart and Superintendent Budd in Benjamin Britten's "Billy Budd" and "Albert Herring", the Priest and Angel of Agony in Edward Elgar's oratorio "The Dream of Gerontius"; Sarastro in "The Magic Flute", Osmin in "The Abduction from the Seraglio", Rocco in "Fidelio", Seneca in "The Coronation of Poppea", Gurnemanz in "Parsifal", Fasolt in "Das Rheingold"; Don Basilio in "The Barber of Seville", Fiesco in "Simon Boccanegra", Philippe II in "Don Carlos"; Arkel in "Pelléas et Mélisande", Comte des Grieux in "Manon", Narbal in "Les Troyens"; the title-role in "Boris Godunov"). He also sings sacred music and has recorded as bass soloist in the Mozart Requiem.
He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1991 for his services to music.
Recordings.
Robert Lloyd has made numerous recordings, including:
He can be seen on video as Boris Godunov, Rocco, and Seneca.

</doc>
<doc id="5985895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985895" title="Marcus Atilius Regulus (consul 227 BC)">
Marcus Atilius Regulus (consul 227 BC)

Marcus Atilius Regulus (fl. 213 BC), a son of Marcus Atilius Regulus, the consul captured during the First Punic War, and a grandson of Marcus Atilius Regulus (consul 294 BC), was a Roman consul for the year 227 BC, together with Publius Valerius Flaccus, and was a consul "suffectus" in 217 BC, replacing Gaius Flaminius, who was killed in battle at Lake Trasimene. Marcus Atilius Regulus agreed to accompany the consuls of 216 BC, Gaius Terentius Varro and Lucius Aemilius Paullus, along with the other surviving former consul of 217 BC, Gnaeus Servilius Geminus, when an army of 80,000 Romans and allies was amassed together to smash the Carthaginian army under Hannibal. The historian Polybius records that both he and Servilius died fighting bravely at the Battle of Cannae.
However, there was a Marcus Atilius Regulus who was Praetor Urbanus (and later also Peregrinus), but it is thought that this person is actually a textual mis-reading of the name Marcus Aemilius Lepidus. It is unlikely that the aged, former consul would become a Praetor again three years after Cannae.
His younger brother Gaius was killed fighting the Gauls at the Battle of Telamon in 225 BC, while his father, Gaius Atilius Regulus (consul 257 BC), who was executed by Carthage, was a consul twice during the First Punic War.

</doc>
<doc id="5985899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985899" title="MAWI">
MAWI

The MAWI Working Group is a joint effort of Japanese network research and academic institutions to study the performance of networks and networking protocols in Japanese wide area networks.
"MAWI" is an acronym for the "M"easurement and "A"nalysis on the "W"IDE "I"nternet, or "M"easurement and "A"nalysis of "W"ide-area "I"nternet.
Sponsored by the WIDE Project, MAWI is a joint effort of Japanese network research and academic institutions with corporate sponsorship.
As one of the working groups of the WIDE Project, The MAWI working group focuses on traffic measurement analysis. In particular, the focus of the working group is long-term measurement on wide-area, global Internet. This group also collaborates with other working groups on measurement, and has been working on building a public traffic trace repository. Challenges include:
Through these measurement activities, it intends to contribute to various aspects of Internet operations including stable operation of major internet infrastructures such as DNS and routing, design of flexible and efficient network topology, and deployment of IPv6.
International collaboration with the following organizations:
History.
Started : 2002/10/21
The MAWI Working Group Traffic Archive has trans-Pacific packet traces from 1999-2003, with each day's statistics giving the protocol breakdown and the ten biggest flows. Including outliers like June 18, 2000 [http://tracer.csl.sony.co.jp/mawi/samplepoint-A/2000/200006181359.html], when 57% of the packets were from DNS traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="5985903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985903" title="A.S.D. Sanvitese">
A.S.D. Sanvitese

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Sanvitese is an Italian association football club located in San Vito al Tagliamento, Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1920.
In the 1993-94 season the club was promoted to Serie D where it currently plays for the 19th year consecutive.
Colors and badge.
The colors of the team are red and white.

</doc>
<doc id="5985905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985905" title="Ya Soshla S Uma">
Ya Soshla S Uma

"Ya Soshla S Uma" (Cyrillic: "Я сошла с ума" "I Lost My Mind") is a song by t.A.T.u., released as their first CD single. The song is from the "200 Po Vstrechnoy" (200 [Km/h] against the traffic) album, with music by Sergio Galoyan and lyrics by Elena Kiper, Sergio Galoyan and Valeriy Polienko.
Background.
After splitting with Neposedi, t.A.T.u producer Ivan Shapovalov had signed them to Universal Music Russia, and the sub-label Interscope Records. As a result, t.A.T.u. recorded "Ya Soshla S Uma" in 1999, before an English version was created in 2001. The song was released as the first single from t.A.T.u.'s album "200 Po Vstrechnoy" (2001). 
The song differs a lot from the original mix. For the English mix, it is a pop rock song, with interludes of small electronica styles while for the Russian mix, it is a strong electropop song. The song's Russian lyrics in English translation was originally supposed to be the English single-version instead of the English spoken "All The Things She Said". A particular demo of the girls recording the Russian lyrics in English translation was leaked while recording it in Germany.
Release.
The song was recorded in 1999, but was released on 19 December 2000 in Russia. The Russian and English adaption was released on iTunes in different countries worldwide as well in 2003. The song was also included on the English album "200 km/h in the Wrong Lane", where its title was incorrectly transliterated to "Ya Shosla S Uma" on the back cover and the CD label and to "Ya Shola S Uma" on the liner notes while on the greatest hits CD "The Best", it was misspelled as "Ya Soshia S Uma". This version of the song used original vocals, but the music to "All the Things She Said", its English counterpart. They won an MTV Video Music Awards - International Viewer's Choice in 2001. The single was later released in Germany in 2002, but didn't receive as much success, nor did it chart. The song has been performed many times in Russia, including a live concert at the Kremlin.
Music video.
Synopsis.
Ivan Shapovalov directed this video, where Yulia and Lena are seen wearing Catholic school uniforms, singing along together in the rain and snow. The two eventually kiss while behind a chain fence, where on the other side there is a crowd of on-lookers. It is meant to seem like the crowd is watching these two girls in some sort of cage. The video ends in an ironic twist when the girls go around the corner of the building, and off into the distance as the rain clears, revealing that the on-lookers are the real captives.
Reception.
The video was very controversial for European countries to air, not just because of the lesbian theme of the video but it was alarming for many viewers to see two young girls kissing. However, the video was still aired on TV, first in 2000 on MTV Russia. On the show "Black and White" on STS, the girls spoke of the first time they saw the video (which was on TV). Yulia stated she was surprised that the video was actually them, and Lena was expecting the video to be longer than it was.
There was a video for "Ya Soshla S Uma (HarDrum Mix)" which continuously featured the footage of them kissing from the original video and also including previously unseen material. The music video remix is included on the group's first compilation album, "The Best". MTV Russia announced that the music video of the single was the best of the year.
Track listing.
Source:
Other use in media.
This theme was also featured as the opening song of the Chinese drama "Legend of the Heavenly Stones", as a Chinese language dub.

</doc>
<doc id="5985908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985908" title="W. Leo Shields Memorial Field">
W. Leo Shields Memorial Field

W. Leo Shields Memorial Field is the sports field on the campus of Barnstable High School, in the Cape Cod area. It is named after W. Leo Shields, who was an all-star athlete, coach, athletic director, and many other things during his 48 years of life. It is home to the Barnstable Red Raiders and formerly to the Cape Cod Crusaders. Current plans are for an expansion to be completed in the coming years. These plans include a new press box and expanded bleachers for the opposing teams. During the annual Thanksgiving football game with rival Falmouth High School, the new track and field was unveiled. The field was renovated with a FieldTurf playing surface replacing the grass one as well as a new track to replace the crumbling one that had existed there for almost thirty years.

</doc>
<doc id="5985933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985933" title="Jim Wolf">
Jim Wolf

James Michael Wolf (born July 24, 1969) is a Major League Baseball umpire. He joined the major league staff in 1999 after working in the Arizona Rookie League, the South Atlantic League, the California League, the Texas League and the Pacific Coast League. He wears uniform number 28.
Umpiring career.
On October 4, 2001, Wolf served as third base umpire when Rickey Henderson broke Ty Cobb's runs scored record. 
Wolf drew criticism from ESPN announcers after he ejected Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Ted Lilly at the start of a game on June 10, 2007 against the Atlanta Braves. Wolf ruled that Lilly had intentionally thrown at the batter's head, and immediately ejected the pitcher. While such a penalty is uncommon without a formal warning to both teams, such action is permitted by baseball's rules.
On May 9, 2010, Wolf was the home plate umpire for Dallas Braden's perfect game. His crew also officiated Armando Galarraga's near perfect game on June 2, 2010. On July 9, 2011, Wolf was the home plate umpire when Derek Jeter got his 3,000th hit against the Tampa Bay Rays. 
Wolf missed several months during the 2013 season due to an apparent back injury. He worked a rehab assignment at Triple-A Charlotte the weekend of July 18-19 en route to a return to the Major Leagues. 
Post-season and All-Star games.
Wolf was the right field umpire for the single-game playoff to decide the NL's 2007 wild card team, has officiated two Division Series (2007, 2010) and one League Championship Series (2011). He has also worked one All-Star Game (2010).
Personal life.
Wolf is married and resides in Ahwatukee, Arizona. His brother Randy has pitched in the major leagues for multiple teams, most recently the Miami Marlins.

</doc>
<doc id="5985937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985937" title="Ebba Grön (album)">
Ebba Grön (album)

Ebba Grön is the title of the Swedish punkband Ebba Grön's third and last album, first released 1982. The album includes the popular song "Die Mauer", which is about two lovers separated by the Berlin Wall.
Track listing.
All song written by Ebba Grön

</doc>
<doc id="5985954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985954" title="Sakya Monastery">
Sakya Monastery

Sakya Monastery, also known as dPal Sa skya or Pel Sakya ("White Earth" or "Pale Earth") is a Buddhist monastery situated 25 km southeast of a bridge which is about 127 km west of Shigatse on the road to Tingri in Tibet.
The seat of the Sakya or Sakyapa school of Tibetan Buddhism, it was founded in 1073, by Konchok Gyelpo (1034–1102), originally a Nyingmapa monk of the powerful noble family of the Tsang and became the first Sakya Trizin. Its powerful abbots governed Tibet during the whole of the 13th century after the downfall of the kings until they were eclipsed by the rise of the new Gelukpa school of Tibetan Buddhism.
Its Mongolian architecture is quite different from that of temples in Lhasa and Yarlung. The only surviving ancient building is the Lhakang Chempo or Sibgon Trulpa. Originally a cave in the mountainside, it was built in 1268 by Ponchen Sakya Sangpo in 1268 and restored in the 16th century. It contains some of the most magnificent surviving artwork in all of Tibet, which appears not to have been damaged in recent times.The Gompa grounds cover more than 18,000 square metres, while the huge main hall covers some 6,000 square metres.
Most of the buildings of the monastery are in ruins, because they were destroyed during the Cultural Revolution.
Das Sharat Chandra writes:
As to the great library of Sakya, it is on shelves along the walls of the great hall of the Lhakhang chen-po. There are preserved here many volumes written in gold letters; the pages are six feet long by eighteen inches in breadth. In the margin of each page are illuminations, and the first four volumes have in them pictures of the thousand Buddhas. These books are bound in iron. They were prepared under orders of the Emperor Kublai Khan, and presented to the Phagpa lama on his second visit to Beijing.
There is also preserved in this temple a conch shell with whorls turning from left to right Tibetan, "Ya chyü dungkar" , a present from Kublai to Phagpa. It is only blown by the lamas when the request is accompanied by a present of seven ounces of silver; but to blow it, or have it blown, is held to be an act of great merit." 
A huge library of as many as 84,000 scrolls were found sealed up in a wall 60 metres long and 10 metres high at Sakya Monastery in 2003. It is expected that most of them will prove to be Buddhist scriptures although they may well also include works of literature, and on history, philosophy, astronomy, mathematics and art. They are thought to have remained untouched for hundreds of years. They are being examined by the Tibetan Academy of Social Sciences.
Sakya Monastery in India.
The current Sakya Trizin, throne holder of the Sakyapa went into exile in India in 1959 following the Chinese invasion of Tibet. He has long lived in Dehra Dun in the foothills of the Western Himalayas, where the Sakya Monastery was reestablished, with a number of senior monks and scholars, who also escaped from Tibet, joining the new Monastery and providing continuity to Sakya traditions. These monks and scholars saved a number of original scrolls from the original Sakya Monastery in Tibet and smuggled them to India for safekeeping. The Sakya Trizin and his followers have established several institutions in and around the Dehradun area, including a charitable hospital, a monastic college and a nunnery. Like all leaders of the Sakya school, the current Sakya Trizin is married. He has two sons, and the younger one, Dungsey Gyana Vajra, born 5 July 1979 in Dehra Dun, is director of the Sakya Monastery constructed in Dehra Dun.

</doc>
<doc id="5985961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985961" title="Sons of Beaches">
Sons of Beaches

Sons of Beaches is the third album from Australian rock band Australian Crawl and their second #1 in the Australian albums charts (for 5 weeks). The album released in 1982 on EMI was recorded in Hawaii with ex-pat Mike Chapman, who had also produced Blondie and The Knack.
"Shut Down" was the first single from "Sons of Beaches" and reached #17 on the Australian Singles Chart in 1982. It was written by drummer Bill McDonough and features lead vocals by James Reyne.
The other singles, "Daughters of the Northern Coast" and "Runaway Girls" / "Santa Claus is Back in Town" charted poorly at #76 and #88 respectively.
Track listing.
Songwriting credits from Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA).
Personnel.
Credited to:

</doc>
<doc id="5985967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985967" title="Ministry of National Defense (South Korea)">
Ministry of National Defense (South Korea)

The Ministry of National Defense (MND) is a department within the government of South Korea and responsible for the military branches of South Korea. It was established on 15 August 1948 and located at Yongsan-dong, Yongsan District, Seoul.
Criticism.
The Ministry of National Defense is allegedly active in military-level censorship such as book banning and screening of mobile apps within the military hierarchy.

</doc>
<doc id="5985968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985968" title="Elipsos">
Elipsos

Elipsos Internacional S.A. was a Spanish company which was set up in 2001 by Spanish RENFE and French SNCF with a 50% share each. It was created to handle the logistics of Trenhotel night railway services between Spain and France, Switzerland and Italy; in 2013, only services to France remained, and they are cut back to thrice a week as of September 2013. Sadly on the 15th of December the Elipsos service was discontinued, as the high speed line between France and Spain had opened. The "Elipsos Trenhotel" operated with Talgo gauge change trains.
Services.
Trains managed by Elipsos:
Former trains:
The Elipsos bed carriages were operated by Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits and by the different national railway companies. In France the train is was pulled by an SNCF locomotive, and in Spain by a RENFE one.
The "Francisco de Goya" departed Paris every night except Saturday at 19:45 during the summer months and less frequently during the winter. As of September 2013 it only ran from Madrid only on Thursdays, Fridays and Sundays, with the return services from Paris on Fridays, Sundays, and Mondays.
The '"Joan Miró" departed Paris every night at 20:34 and arrived Barcelona at 08:24. In all these trains customers could take dinner and breakfast in the dining car. As of September 2013, it only ran from Barcelona only on Thursdays, Fridays and Sundays, with the return services from Paris on Fridays, Sundays, and Mondays.
The trains generally had these classes:

</doc>
<doc id="5985971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985971" title="Assumption University (Windsor, Ontario)">
Assumption University (Windsor, Ontario)

Assumption University of Windsor, Ontario, Canada has a heritage reaching back to 1857 and is the parent of the University of Windsor, administered by the Congregation of St. Basil, the Basilian Fathers. It was known as Assumption College until changing its name in 1956. When the University of Windsor was established in 1963, Assumption University entered into federation with the newly formed University of Windsor and became the Catholic university within the University of Windsor.
Assumption is a privately operated, autonomous university separate from the University of Windsor and yet an integral part of it. It has retained its degree granting powers and graduates students within the area of theology, as well as granting honorary degrees.
History.
Its history dates back to the founding of Assumption College in 1857 by the Society of Jesus (Jesuit) following the growth of their parish at Our Lady of the Assumption established in 1728. Assumption University has been administered by the Congregation of St. Basil since 1870.
In 1919, Assumption College in Windsor affiliated with the University of Western Ontario. Originally, Assumption was one the largest colleges associated with the University of Western Ontario. In 1940, a labour school was established at Assumption. 
In 1950, Assumption College welcomed its first women students and in 1953, it ended its affiliation with the University of Western Ontario and became an independent institution through an Act of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. In 1956, the College changed its name to Assumption University and accepted as an affiliate the non-denominational Essex College. In 1957, Canterbury College became the first Anglican college in the world to affiliate with a Roman Catholic University. Assumption College in Windsor evolved into the University of Windsor.

</doc>
<doc id="5985972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985972" title="South Shropshire (UK Parliament constituency)">
South Shropshire (UK Parliament constituency)

South Shropshire is a former United Kingdom Parliamentary constituency. It was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1832 to 1885. It was represented by two Knights of the Shire.
The constituency was abolished, along with North Shropshire, under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885, with effect from the 1885 general election. The county was then divided between four new single-member constituencies: Ludlow, Newport, Oswestry and Wellington.

</doc>
<doc id="5985981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985981" title="Shaukat Hussein Mazari">
Shaukat Hussein Mazari

Sardar Shaukat Hussein Khan Mazari (* 1948 – November 2008) was a prominent figure in the provincial politics of the Punjab, province of Pakistan. He died on the 14th of November 2008.
He was elected as a Member of Provincial Assembly (MPA) from Rojhan-Mazari three times and has also served in the capacity of a provincial minister for a few days in 1977. Before his death, Mazari was serving as the Deputy Speaker of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.

</doc>
<doc id="5985983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985983" title="Risk-based inspection">
Risk-based inspection

Risk Based Inspection (RBI) is an Optimal maintenance business process used to examine equipment such as pressure vessels, heat exchangers and piping in industrial plants. It examines the Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) and business risk of ‘active’ and ‘potential’ Damage Mechanisms (DMs) to assess and rank failure probability and consequence. This ranking is used to optimize inspection intervals based on site-acceptable risk levels and operating limits, while mitigating risks as appropriate. RBI analysis can be qualitative, quantitative or semi-quantitative in nature.
Accuracy is a function of analysis methodology, data quality and consistency of execution. Precision is a function of the selected metrics and computational methods. Risk presented as a single numeric value (as in a quantitative analysis) does not guarantee greater accuracy compared to a risk matrix (as in a qualitative analysis), because of uncertainty that is inherent with probabilities and consequences.
RBI is most often used in engineering industries and is predominant in the oil and gas industry. Assessed risk levels are used to develop a prioritised inspection plan. It is related to (or sometimes a part of) Risk Based Asset Management (RBAM), Risk Based Integrity Management (RBIM) and Risk Based Management (RBM). Generally, RBI is part of Risk and Reliability Management (RRM).
Inspections typically employ non-destructive testing (NDT).
Prioritization.
Items with high probability and high consequence (i.e. high risk) are given a higher priority for inspection than items that are high probability but for which failure has low consequences. This strategy allows for a rational investment of inspection resources.
Objectives.
RBI assists a company to select cost effective and appropriate maintenance and inspection tasks and techniques, to minimize efforts and cost, to shift from a reactive to a proactive maintenance regime, to produce an auditable system, to give an agreed “operating window”, and to implement a risk management tool.
The purposes of RBI include:
Standards.
International engineering standards and recommended practices outline requirements, methodologies and the implementation of RBI.
API 580 Risk-Based Inspection Recommended Practice
API 581 Risk Based Inspection Resource
API 571 Damage Mechanisms Affecting Fixed Equipment in the Refining Industry

</doc>
<doc id="5985988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985988" title="Manuel Neira">
Manuel Neira

Manuel Alejandro Neira Díaz (born 12 October 1977) is a retired Chilean football player who played as a striker.
He played for clubs including Colo-Colo (Chile), UD Las Palmas (Spain), Racing Club (Argentina) and Unión Española (Chile), and scored 2 goals in 13 internationals, including selections for the 1998 World Cup and the 2001 Copa América.
Club career.
Early career.
Neira began his career, aged seventeen, at Primera División Chilena club Colo-Colo before moving to the Brazilian club São Paulo FC in 1994, after a notable performance at the 1993 FIFA U-17 World Championships. In the next season, Neira return to Colo-Colo, but in 1996 Neira was loaned to Everton de Viña del Mar of the Primera B in this time.
From 1997 to 1998, Neira was consolidated as player in Colo-Colo, winning the Primera División Chilena title in two consecutive occasions, the 1997 and 1998 season. On December 1998, Colo-Colo sold Neira to the Spanish club UD Las Palmas. However, he was loaned back to Colo-Colo for one season. When Neira returned to the club, he proclaimed champion of the 1999–2000 Segunda División title. Neira was transferred to an Argentine "giant club" Racing Club de Avellaneda for the 2000–01 season. In the Torneo Apertura 2000, Neira only scored 2 goals in 9 games. During the summer of 2001, Neira was transferred to Unión Española, where he made a notable performance scoring 11 goals in 17 games, being one of the top-scorer of the Torneo Apertura. In June 2001, Neira was signed by the Colombian club América de Cali.
Colo-Colo.
In January 2002, Neira was once again transferred to Colo-Colo. He obtained the runner–up title with the club in the Torneo Apertura, after Colo–Colo's 3-0 defeat against Cobreloa in the final. But in the Torneo Clausura of the same year, Neira made one of his most notable season in his career, winning the top–scorer title with 14 goals, and also winning the Primera Division title, after of win to Universidad Católica in the finals.
In the next season, the team lost twice in the same year the final against Cobreloa. However, Neira scored 21 goals in 42 matches over the season. There were many rumors that he would be transferred to Europe, which did not materialize. He played the Torneo Apertura 2004 scoring 1 goal in 16 matches. In June 2004, he was transferred to the Mexican club Chiapas. He remained therr for one season in and then was transferred to Unión Española for second time in his career.
Unión Española.
With Unión, Neira won the Torneo Apertura 2005 title, after of the victory against Coquimbo Unido for 2–1. In the next season (2006), Neira scored 19 goals in 29 matches. On December 2006, he was released of Unión and he received many offers for several clubs.
In January 2007, he agreed upon moving to Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C. on a one-year deal with the club until December 2007, refusing an offer from Colo-Colo in this time.
In his second game for the team, in the Channel One Cup, he was injured severely by CSKA Moscow player Elvir Rahimić. Neira suffered two fractures in his ankle, and had to sit out for the rest of the season before he even played a single league game for Hapoel.
For the Torneo Clausura 2007, Neira return to Unión, after of Neira was released of the club. He made his Unión re–debut against Everton at Sausalito Stadium, in a 0–0 draw. He scored his first goal in his third cycle in the club against his former club Colo–Colo, in a 2–2 draw. Finally, Neira scored 9 goals in 19 matches for the tournament.
In December 2007, he tried his luck at the Turkcell Super League club Gaziantepspor, Neira only trained with them for a couple of weeks, but was not liked by the coach, and returned to Unión Española.
During 2008, in the Torneo Apertura 2008, he scored 3 goals in 12 matches. In the Torneo de Clausura 2008 he became a key player of the club, scoring 6 goals in 15 matches. However, the club ended up in the relegation/promotion play-offs. Neira helped the team by scoring 2 goals in 2 matches against Deportes Puerto Montt to save them from relegation.
International career.
The first international appearance with Chile national football team was in the FIFA U-17 World Championship 1993 celebrated in Japan. In this tournament he was one of top–scorers of the tournament with Peter Anosike and Nwankwo Kanu with 5 goals under Wilson Oruma with 6 goals winning the third place of the tournament.
He participate in the Chile national under-20 football team, he played in the South American Youth Championship in the years 1995 and 1997.
He was selected for the 1998 FIFA World Cup Chilean squad, but did not play.

</doc>
<doc id="5985992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985992" title="Maja Latinović">
Maja Latinović

Maja Latinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Маја Латиновић; born June 25, 1980 in Banatsko Veliko Selo near Kikinda, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian model.
At 16, Latinović's modeling career began accidentally with her sister entering her into a local modeling contest. She placed 2nd runner-up and a model scout soon asked her to fly to Milan.
At the age of nineteen, Latinović began working with the Women Management agency in New York City. Mario Testino hand-picked Latinović to be the face of the Roberto Cavalli campaign and after working with her the first time, continued to shoot her for Italian "Vogue".
Latinović has worked for many clients, such as Italian, French, German, Japanese, British, Spanish "Vogue", "W" magazine, "Harper's Bazaar", and "Numéro". She has walked for major designers including: Ralph Lauren, Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Carolina Herrera, Donna Karan, Chanel, Oscar de la Renta, Bill Blass, Cavalli, Ferré, and Michael Kors. She has been featured in campaigns for BCBG, Valentino Roma, Donna Karan, Roberto Cavalli, Chanel, Oscar de la Renta, Miss Sixty, Gap and Wonderbra.

</doc>
<doc id="5985997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5985997" title="John Crank">
John Crank

John Crank (6 February 1916 – 3 October 2006) was a mathematical physicist, best known for his work on the numerical solution of partial differential equations.
Crank was born in Hindley in Lancashire, England. His father was a carpenter's pattern-maker. Crank studied at Manchester University from 1934 to 1938, where he was awarded a BSc and MSc as a student of Lawrence Bragg and Douglas Hartree. In 1953, Manchester University awarded him a DSc. 
He worked on ballistics during the Second World War, and was then a mathematical physicist at Courtaulds Fundamental Research Laboratory from 1945 to 1957. In 1957, he was appointed as the first Head of Department of Mathematics at Brunel College in Acton. He served two terms of office as Vice-Principal of Brunel before his retirement in 1981, when he was granted the title of Professor Emeritus.
Crank's main work was on the numerical solution of partial differential equations and, in particular, the solution of heat-conduction problems. He is best known for his work with Phyllis Nicolson on the heat equation, which resulted in the Crank–Nicolson method. 
He was a keen gardener and established the John Crank Garden as a retirement gift to Brunel University. He was married to his wife, Joan, for 63 years who died in 2005. They were survived by their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="5986000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986000" title="Stabat Mater (Szymanowski)">
Stabat Mater (Szymanowski)

Karol Szymanowski's Stabat Mater was composed in 1925-1926 for soprano, alto and baritone soloists, SATB choir, and orchestra. The work is divided into six movements and uses Jozef Janowski's (1865–1935) Polish translation of the Marian hymn, Stabat Mater.
Szymanowski's first composition on a liturgical text, "Stabat Mater" was written during his late Nationalist period of 1922-1937, characterized by his use of Polish melodies and rhythms. Following a trip to Zakopane in 1922, Szymanowski wrote of Polish folk music: " is enlivening by its proximity to Nature, by its force, by its directness of feeling, by its undisturbed racial purity." Szymanowski's pairing of Polish musical elements with a liturgical text in "Stabat Mater" is unique, and a clear reflection of his Nationalist convictions as a composer.
Origin and performances.
First commissioned in 1924, Princess Edmond de Polignac requested "a piece for soloists, choir, orchestra (perhaps with Polish text) - a kind of Polish requiem." Teresa Chylińska indicates Szymanowski's intentions for the piece: "a type of peasant requiem - something peasant and ecclesiastical, naively devotional, a sort of prayer for souls - a mixture of simple-minded religion, paganism and a certain austere peasant realism." Szymanowski and the Princess lost touch, thus the commission lost momentum. However, later that year thoughts on such a composition were revived when Warsaw industrialist Bronisław Krystall commissioned Szymanowski for a work in memory of his late wife. In addition, circumstances in the composer's personal life also served as an inspiration for the work. Upon the death of his niece, Alusia Bartoszewiczówna, in January 1925, the composer spent time consoling his sister in her loss, subsequently choosing to set the "Stabat Mater" text, with its profound reflection on the "grieving mother." External circumstances also served as motivation for the work, including financial need, although there is no evidence of the composer receiving compensation for this work. 
Premiered on January 11, 1929 in Warsaw, conducted by Grzegorz Fitelberg.
Published by Universal Edition, Austria.
Instrumentation.
Soprano, contralto, and baritone soloists; SATB choir; and orchestra consisting of 2 flutes, 2 oboes (2nd doubling cor anglais), 2 clarinets in A, two bassoons (2nd doubling contrabassoon), 4 horns, 2 trumpets, timpani, bass drum, triangle, suspended cymbal, tam-tam, tubular bells, harp, organ (ad lib), and strings consisting of 8 first violins, 8 second violins, 6 violas, 6 cellos, and 4 contrabasses. 
Polish Text.
Szymanowski chose to set Jozef Janowski's (1865–1935) Polish translation of the Latin Stabat Mater text. Although the 13th-century text is inherently dramatic, Janowski's translation is especially raw. Kornel Michałowski indicates the composer's initial attraction to the Polish translation was a result of its "unusually primitive, almost 'folk-like' simplicity and naivety.". While the score includes Latin translations, the score notes that it should always be performed in Polish when performed in Poland.
For a full English translation and commentary on the Polish text and translation, see: Belland, Douglas Keith. "An examination of the Persichetti, Poulenc, and Szymanowski Stabat Mater settings with pertinent information on the text". Dissertation: University of Cincinnati, 1992.
Study of Early Music.
Coinciding with his composition of "Stabat Mater", was Szymanowski's study of early music - encompassing "pre-Palestrinian" and Palestrinian periods, as well as a study of old-Polish religious music. Devices used indicating this influence include: parallel movement between voices, modal pitch organization, and strongly patterned rhythms such as ostinati. Also incorporated into the work are melodic elements of two Polish Hymns: "Święty Boże" God and Gorzkie żale [Bitter Sorrows.."
Nationalism and folk music.
Influenced by composers such as Stravinsky and Bartók, Szymanowski began to incorporate folk music into his composition during his Nationalist period of 1922-1937. In the years preceding the composition of the "Stabat Mater", the composer kept a notebook of highlanders' melodies that he encountered in his visits to the Tatra Mountains, which were later incorporated into his compositions. For example, his use of the Podhalean mode, an ancient Polish folk mode characterized by its raised fourth scale degree (Lydian), can be seen in "Stabat Mater"." 

</doc>
<doc id="5986004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986004" title="Winston tastes good like a cigarette should">
Winston tastes good like a cigarette should

"Winston tastes good like a cigarette should" is an enduring slogan that appeared in newspaper, magazine, radio, and television advertisements for Winston cigarettes from the brand's introduction in 1954 until 1972. It is one of the best-known American tobacco advertising campaigns. In 1999, "Advertising Age" ranked the jingle eighth-best out of all the radio and television jingles that aired in the United States in the 20th century. 
The deliberate use of "like" rather than "as" was provided by the William Esty Ad Agency, and the overall campaign was directed by Esty executives Wendell Adams and Arline Lunny, Lunny serving as producer/director of most of the visual and recording production related to the campaign in its initial years. Adams was a classically trained musician in his own right, but singer/model/pianist Margaret Johnson ghost wrote the Jingle and, along with her husband, Travis Johnson, recorded it with their group, the Song Spinners. Johnson's insertion of the two quick hand claps before the word "cigarette" caught America's ear by surprise and had much to do with the jingle's success. (A second Winston jingle by Johnson, using the folk tune "Skip to my Lou", has faded into obscurity.)
In a departure for the time, the advertising campaign was also used to target distinct niche groups apart from its core clientele of "WASP" smokers, such as American Jews and African Americans.
A catchy jingle and ad campaign, it has come to embody a piece of Americana, and has even seeped into the consciousness of people who were too young (or not even alive) to remember the campaign when it occurred. The slogan was so well-remembered that it was added to "Simpson's Contemporary Quotations" in 1988.
Beginnings.
Future R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company president Bowman Gray Jr. was in charge of marketing Winstons, which were a new addition to the R.J. Reynolds line in 1954. Gray listened to advertising employees from the William Esty Co., and the slogan "Winston tastes good like a cigarette ought to" was considered, then replaced by the more succinct "Winston tastes good like a cigarette should."
The first print ad appeared in the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" in September 1954, with an ad in "Life" following the next month. In 1955, Winston would take over as the sponsor of Walter Cronkite's news show, as well as Garry Moore's variety show; it was at this time that the first television advertisements aired.
Radio and television.
In the radio and television advertisements, the slogan is presented in a singsong fashion with a noticeable two-beat clap near the end, so the jingle would sound like "Win-ston tastes good like a (clap clap) cigarette should". The "clap" noise was sometimes substituted for actors in the commercials knocking twice against a truck carrying Winston cigarettes, or an actor flicking his lighter twice to the same conceit.
Winston cigarettes were sponsors of such television series as "The Beverly Hillbillies" and "The Flintstones". The former series would show stars Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, and Nancy Kulp extolling the virtues of Winstons while smoking them and reciting the jingle. The latter series would later come under fire for advertising cigarettes on an animated series watched by many children, but Winston pulled their involvement with the series after the Pebbles Flintstone character was born in 1963.
Grammar controversy.
During the campaign's long run in the media, many criticized the slogan as grammatically incorrect and that it should say, "Winston tastes good as a cigarette should." Ogden Nash, in "The New Yorker", published a poem that ran ""Like" goes Madison Avenue, "like so" goes the nation." Walter Cronkite, then hosting "The Morning Show", refused to say the line as written, and an announcer was used instead.
Malcolm Gladwell, in "The Tipping Point", says that this "ungrammatical and somehow provocative use of 'like' instead of 'as' created a minor sensation" in 1954 and implies that the phrase itself was responsible for vaulting the brand to second place in the U.S. market. Winston overtook Pall Mall cigarettes as the #1 cigarette in the United States in 1966, while the advertising campaign continued to make an impression on the mass media.
In the fall of 1961, a small furor enveloped the literary and journalistic communities in the United States when Merriam-Webster published its "Third New International Dictionary". In the dictionary, the editors refused to condemn the use of "like" as a conjunction, and cited "Winston tastes good like a cigarette should" as an example of popular colloquial use. After publication of "Webster's Third", "The New York Times" called the edition "bolshevik," and the "Chicago Daily News" wrote that the transgression signified "a general decay in values."
When the players in "The Beverly Hillbillies" spoke the line, they stretched the grammatical boundaries further:
In 1970 and 1971, Winston sought to revamp its image and chose to respond to many grammarians' qualms with the slogan, "What do you want, good grammar or good taste?" "MAD Magazine" published a parody of this on the back cover of its January 1971 issue; set in a cemetery, it featured four tombstones with epitaphs written in the past tense ("Winston tasted good like a cigarette should've" "You mean '"as" a cigarette should've'" "What did you want, good grammar or good taste?" "I wanted to live a lot longer than this!"). With the new slogan in wide use, "Winston tastes good like a cigarette should" was retired permanently in 1972.
In 1981, actor James Garner claimed responsibility for the wording of the slogan during an interview with "Playboy" magazine. Garner, who narrated the original commercial, stated that his first action ever to be captured on film was to misread the line that had been provided to him. However, as noted above, the advertisements first appeared in print before their debut on television, which would cast doubt on Garner's claim.
References.
14. 25 "Winston tastes good like a cigarette should" posters "MyDiscountCigarette"

</doc>
<doc id="5986007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986007" title="Jiang Ping">
Jiang Ping

Jiang Ping (Chinese character: 江平; Pinyin: Jiāng Píng; 1930 - ) is a legal scholar in China. He was the President of China University of Political Science and Law, and a member of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.
Biography.
Jiang Ping was born in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, on December 12 in 1930. He was admitted to Yenching University in 1948 and in 1951,he went to Soviet Union to study law science and graduated from Moscow State University in 1956. After graduation, Jiang Ping joined the faculty of Beijing College of Political Science and Law.
Jiang became the President of China University of Political Science and Law in 1988. He resigned from the office in 1990 for his pro-student position in the June 4th incident.Now Jiang Ping is the 
Lifetime Professor of China University Of Political Science And Law,and now his professional affiliations
includes the head of Beijing Arbitration Commission, the adviser、the arbitrator、the member of committee of experts of China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission.He has ever been to Belgium, Ghent University, the University of Hong Kong, Italy University of Rome II, Japan Aoyama Gakuin University, Columbia University of the United States to give lectures .He was awarded as an honorary Doctor of Laws the University of Ghent, Belgium, Catholic University of Peru and served as Honorary Professor of Law. He also was awarded the outstanding middle-aged and young experts, the honorary title of outstanding teachers nationwide.
He was a chief expert in making civil code("General Principles of Civil law"), Administrative Litigation Law, Property Law, Trust Law and other foundamental laws in China during the legislation booming in 1990s. After leaving off the post as Vice-Chairman of the Law Committee of 7th National People's Congress of China in 1993, Jiang Ping resumed his professorship in China University of Political Science and Law. He is also regarded as the conscience of China's lawyers due to his consistent efforts in Rule of Law advocacy. 
Jiang Ping is an expert on civil law, especially Roman law.

</doc>
<doc id="5986008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986008" title="Edward Bishop, Baron Bishopston">
Edward Bishop, Baron Bishopston

Edward Stanley Bishop, Baron Bishopston (3 October 1920 – 19 April 1984) was a British Labour Party politician.
Born in Bristol, Bishop was educated at South Bristol Central School, Merchant Venturers' Technical College and Bristol University. He was an aeronautical design draughtsman. He contested Bristol West in 1950, Exeter in 1951 and South Gloucestershire in 1955.
Bishop was Member of Parliament for Newark from 1964 to 1979, when he lost the seat to the Conservative Richard Alexander. Bishop was an assistant government whip from 1966 to 1967, and Minister for Agriculture, Fisheries and Food from 1974 to 1979. 
After he lost his seat, he was given on 21 May 1981 a life peerage as Baron Bishopston, of Newark in the County of Nottinghamshire. He died in Devon aged 63.

</doc>
<doc id="5986009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986009" title="Chiaki Kon">
Chiaki Kon


</doc>
<doc id="5986014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986014" title="Bhanu Athaiya">
Bhanu Athaiya

Bhanu Athaiya née Rajopadhye () (born 28 April 1929) is Indian cinema's most well-regarded costume designer, having worked in over 100 films, since the 1950s, with noted filmmakers like Guru Dutt, Yash Chopra, Raj Kapoor, Ashutosh Gowariker, and international directors like Conrad Rooks and Richard Attenborough.
She made her debut as a film costume designer with the film "C.I.D." in 1956, and followed it up with other Guru Dutt classics like "Pyaasa" (1959), "Chaudhvin Ka Chand" (1960) and "Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam" (1964). In her career spanning 50 years she has received numerous awards. She won the Academy Award for Best Costume Design (shared with John Mollo) for her work in the 1982 film, "Gandhi". She became the first Indian to win an Academy Award. She also won two National Film Awards, in 1991 and 2002.
In March 2010, Athaiya released her book "The Art of Costume Design", published by Harper Collins. On January 13, 2013, Athaiya presented a copy of the book to the Dalai Lama.
On February 23, 2012, it was reported that Athaiya wished to return her Academy Award to The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences because she felt that her family will not be able to take care of the trophy after her demise. On December 15, 2012, it was confirmed that the trophy had been returned to The Academy.
Biography.
Bhanu Athaiya was born Bhanumati Annasaheb Rajopadhye in Kolhapur in Maharashtra. She was the third of the seven children born to Annasaheb and Shantabai Rajopadhye. Athaiya's father, Annasaheb was a painter. He expired when Athaiya was nine years old.
Her education in art began early. An art teacher used to come home to teach her drawing. Later after finishing her schooling, she enrolled at Sir J. J. School of Art, Mumbai. She graduated from there in fine arts with top honors, winning a gold medal and a fellowship. She was also nominated a member of the Progressive Artists' Group, founded by Francis Newton Souza.
Career.
Athaiya started her career as a freelance fashion illustrator for various women's magazines in Bombay, including the 'Eve's Weekly'. Later when its editor opened a boutique, she asked Athaiya to try designing dresses, hereupon she discovered her flair for designing clothes. Her success as a designer soon led to her switching career paths. Her career began by designing clothes for Guru Dutt's films, starting with "C.I.D." (1956). She soon became a part of the Guru Dutt team.
A tribute was paid to her body of work at the opening of the South Asian International Film Festival, New York in November 2005.
Personal life.
Athaiya was married to Satyendra Athaiya, a poet and occasional lyricist for Hindi films. The marriage ended in separation, and she never remarried. The couple has one daughter, who currently resides with her family in Kolkata. Athaiya currently resides in Mumbai.
Filmography.
2013 || "TV SHOW ON STARPLUS"

</doc>
<doc id="5986025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986025" title="RSID">
RSID

Rapid Stain Identification Series (RSID) is designed for fast, easy and reliable detection of human fluids from a variety of samples encountered by forensic laboratories.
It has been developed in the United States for the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Uses.
It is used for the fast testing of:

</doc>
<doc id="5986027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986027" title="Mayflower High School">
Mayflower High School

Mayflower High School, founded in 1966, and named after the Mayflower, is a coeducational, secondary school located in Billericay, Essex in the East of England in the United Kingdom. The school has a mixed intake of pupils aged 11–18 (School years 7 to 13) and is an academy. As of June 2006 the number of enrolled pupils was 1,418. Mayflower has specialisms in science and mathematics as well as languages.
Academic Qualifications.
Mayflower offers a range of subjects, all of which are studied by students before year 9, at which point they begin GCSE courses and by year 10 drop subjects to further concentrate on their GCSE studies. These include English Language and Literature, English Literature, Mathematics, Statistics (top set only), Triple Science (Biology, Chemistry and Physics), Double Science (Core and Additional), Single Science (Core), Religious Studies, Design and Technology, Technology: Food, Technology: Child Development, Business Studies, Leisure and Tourism, Travel and Tourism, Music, Drama, Art and Design, Applied Art and Design, BTEC Performing Arts, Spanish, German, French, History Modern World, History Schools Project, ICT, Geography and Physical Education. Alongside this, students study core Physical Education as well as Citizenship (including IT). For a short period this was also accompanied by Learning to Learn, but due to limited success and widespread unpopularity it was quickly scrapped. At GCSE students also have the opportunity to achieve the European Bacceloreate. At A Level the subjects available to students increase also to include Economics, Psychology, Sociology, BTEC Level 3 Diploma in Business, General Studies, Critical Thinking and the Extended Project Qualification (a subject highly regarded by its leadership team). The school does not offer the International Baccaloreate.
Specialisms.
The school prides itself on its two specialisms - mathematics and science, and languages, and supports this with a regular specialisms newsletter distributed amongst its students and parents. Mr Brumby has also spoken publicly about his intention to extend the specialisms to a third in information and communication technology, so as to make Mayflower a regional centre for computer facilities, as well as complimenting his recent major spending on updated computer facilities.
A house on site also facilitates the staying of language assistants, natives of either Germany, Spain or France, to assist students with their language studies, and all three subjects are complimented by trips to the relevant country, previous trips having sent students to Santander and Barcelona.
With regards to its specialism in mathematics and science, the school has an extensive network of teaching and support staff in both subjects, headed by Mrs Mason in science, and Mr Eastwick in mathematics with guidance from Mr Vandal. Both are supported by staff specialists for each year group, and with regards to science, specialists in either biology, chemistry or physics. Until recently this also included the field of psychology (a subject taken by students at A Level only) but this has merged now to the social sciences faculty instead. Both sciences have a dedicated computer suite that are used regularly.
Notable former pupils.
Many of the members of Britain's Got Talent winners Diversity attended Mayflower. Students from Mayflower's Sixth Form have also gone on to attend prestigious universities, such as the University of Oxford, King's College London, University of St Andrews, University of Warwick, University of Bath and University of York.

</doc>
<doc id="5986028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986028" title="Marc (TV series)">
Marc (TV series)

Marc is a British television series presented by T. Rex lead singer Marc Bolan. It was produced in Manchester by Granada Television for the ITV network.
Produced by Muriel Young and directed by Nicholas Ferguson, it ran for six weekly episodes in the Autumn of 1977, before its host died in a car crash on 16 September that year. A pop music show, it gave Bolan a chance to showcase punk bands such as Generation X, The Jam and Eddie and the Hot Rods. T. Rex performed at least three songs each week, a mixture of new versions of their old hits, and fresh tracks, while the guests were slotted in between. Not all were as notable as those listed above, though they also included Roger Taylor, drummer with the rock band Queen, in a rare solo TV appearance. They were also joined by a dance troupe called Heart Throb.
The last episode featured Bolan duetting with his friend David Bowie. Before the song had reached its end, Bolan tripped over a microphone cable and fell off the stage. Bowie is said to have called out "Could we have a wooden box for Marc stand on?".
The final show was recorded on 7 September 1977, but not broadcast until after Bolan's funeral on 20 September 1977, which was also attended by David Bowie and Rod Stewart, among others.
An edited highlights compilation featuring T. Rex performances only was released in the UK on DVD in 2005, while 2007 saw an uncut DVD release in Japan only.
Show Details.
Show 1 24 August 1977
Show 2 31 August 1977
Show 3 7 September 1977
Show 4 14 September 1977
Show 5 21 September 1977
Show 6 28 September 1977

</doc>
<doc id="5986032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986032" title="Communist Consolidation">
Communist Consolidation

Communist Consolidation was an Indian communist organisation, formed amongst prisoners at the Andaman Cellular Jail in 1935.
History.
The group was founded on 26 April 1935 by 39 inmates. The group declared its adherence to the Communist Party of India. Its founders belonged to a minority tendency with the pro-Marxist section of the Anushilan Samiti. The majority of the nationwide Anushilan Marxist tendency however distrusted the Communist Party and did not join it.
The group organised a May Day celebration in 1935. The group edited a hand-written magazine, "The Call".
Membership.
The membership of the organization expanded rapidly (different sources talk about 200-500 members). Its members included Shiv Verma (an associate of Bhagat Singh, later Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI(M)) leader in Uttar Pradesh), Hare Krishna Konar (later a founding leader of CPI(M)), Biplabi Dhrubesh Chattopadhyay (sentenced to seven years imprisonment in connection with the Dakhineswar Bomb Case), Ananta Chakravorty (a Jugantar member, sentenced for the Conspiracy and Bomb Case), Nalini Das (a Jugantar member, sentenced for the Mechua Bazar Bomb Case), Fakir Sen and Jibendra Das (an Anushilan revolutionary from Tripura).

</doc>
<doc id="5986070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986070" title="A.S.D. Pol. Tamai">
A.S.D. Pol. Tamai

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Polisportiva Tamai is an Italian association football club located in Tamai, a "frazione" of Brugnera, Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1973.
In the season 2000-01 it was promoted for the first time in Serie D.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5986071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986071" title="Sabine Independent School District">
Sabine Independent School District

Sabine Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Liberty City, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Overview.
Located in western Gregg County, Sabine ISD has three schools - 
For much of the 1980s and 90's Sabine ISD was split into four campuses, Elementary, Intermediate, Junior High and High School. It is not clear why the split, nor why the district reverted to three campuses during the late 1990s. The current high school was dedicated in 1984. The current junior high, previously the high school, was dedicated in 1969. The junior high campus was constructed after a fire destroyed the former high school. The elementary campus was built originally in the early 20th century with its primary school wing completed in 1980 and the former intermediate school campus completed in 1969 on the site of the former high school which had burned the same year. 
Sabine's mascot is the Cardinal. The school's colors are royal blue and cardinal red. Historically the school has emphasized the blue in its uniforms. The band traditionally has worn red jackets over blue trouser's with white highlights on the jacket. The school's athletic program is best known for the success of its boys' and girls' basketball programs. The school won two boys' titles in the 1979-80 and 1980-81 seasons. The boys' team completed a perfect 34-0 season in route to their second title in 1981. A sign at the towns main intersection of Highway 3053 (Old Highway 135) and FM 1252 commemorates the program's two titles. The team made the 2010 playoffs but were eliminated in the regional tournament. The girls team advanced as far as the Area Finals in 2009.
Sabine gained statewide fame through its basketball program under the leadership of legendary Coach Carl Allen who guided the boys program for many years. Coach Allen retired in the late 1990s with over 700 career wins and two state titles. Allen died in October 2011. Allen,a graduate of East Texas Baptist University in nearby Marshall, TX, remains one of the winningest basketball coaches in Texas high school history.
The school district was founded in 1893. In 1965 the district voted to integrate and integration was completed in 1969. The former all black school known as North Chapel was closed after integration was completed. This was completed during the period of the school's greatest athletic success on the gridiron. Since the early 1980s the school's football program has seen little success. The Cardinals last made the playoffs in 1985 under coach Barry Morgan when the team finished the regular season 8-2. The team had no wins in the 2008 and 2011 seasons. 
The school is served by the Gladewater Post Office and therefore the school is often formally referred to as Gladewater-Sabine. However, this should not be confused with the Gladewater ISD which is located nearby across the mighty Sabine River. Sabine is an independent school district and has been since 1951. The name Sabine was chosen based on a former name for the community in which it is located. Other early names for the community were Goforth and Hogeye, and Reject. Sabine was eventually chosen as the name for the community's first post office.
Author Edward Hancock II is a 1992 graduate of Sabine High School.

</doc>
<doc id="5986077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986077" title="The Bostonians (film)">
The Bostonians (film)

The Bostonians is a 1984 Merchant Ivory film based on Henry James's novel of the same name. The film stars Vanessa Redgrave, Christopher Reeve, Madeleine Potter and Jessica Tandy. The movie received respectable reviews and showings at arthouse theaters in New York, London and other cities. Vanessa Redgrave received 1984 Golden Globe and Academy Award nominations for Best Actress, and the movie earned other award nominations for its costume design.
It was filmed in Boston, Martha's Vineyard, Belvedere Castle in Central Park, New York City, and Troy, New York. 
Location.
This film was principally photographed at:

</doc>
<doc id="5986078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986078" title="The Boys Light Up">
The Boys Light Up

The Boys Light Up is the debut album from Australian pub rock band Australian Crawl which was released in 1980 and contains the title track, "The Boys Light Up", "Indisposed", "Downhearted" and their previously released debut single "Beautiful People". The album reached #4 on the Australian album charts and remained in the charts for an unbroken 101 weeks, eventually selling over 280 000 copies (five times platinum). 
The title track was written by James Reyne. It contains the invented word "dorseted":
"People aren't used to hearing 'dorseted', and it's not actually a word - it's from the Dorset Gardens - I'm trying to be as suburban as possible, and it rhymed with 'corseted'." - James Reyne, 2003
Various band members were involved in songwriting, often with relatives or former bandmates. Rhythm guitarist Brad Robinson's father James Robinson was a Federal Arbitration Court Justice and co-wrote two songs for this album. Reyne's bandmate from Spiff Rouch, Mark Hudson co-wrote their first single, "Beautiful People" (1979). "Downhearted" was written by Bill McDonough and his bandmates from The Flatheads, Guy McDonough (his brother, who later joined the Crawl) and Sean Higgins. Producer, David Briggs (Little River Band guitarist), co-wrote "Hoochie Gucci Fiorucci Mama" with Reyne.
The album was re-released in 1992 in CD format (see cover right below), and as a 2-CD set with follow-up album "Sirocco" in 1996. In October 2010, "Boys Light Up" was listed in the top 50 in the book, "100 Best Australian Albums".
Track listing.
Songwriting credits from Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA).
Personnel.
Credited to:

</doc>
<doc id="5986081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986081" title="Guelta">
Guelta

A guelta (or qalta or galta or agelmam), from Arabic:قلتة which means a lower level of height in ground between rocks which holds water, is a pocket of water that forms in drainage canals or wadis in the Sahara. The size and duration will depend on the location and conditions. It may last year-round through the dry season if fed by a source such as a spring. When rivers (wadis) dry up there may remain pockets of water along its course (c.f. ox-bow lake). In the Moroccan Sahara, guelta's correspond with oasis.
Some examples include Guelta d'Archei.

</doc>
<doc id="5986085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986085" title="Matthew Butler (Tiswas)">
Matthew Butler (Tiswas)

Matthew James Butler (born 3 October 1974) is a former child performer who appeared on cult Saturday morning children's show "Tiswas" in 1980 and 1981. He debuted on the show aged five, having won over presenter and producer Chris Tarrant in an audition of children's acts.
Matthew's act was to sing "Bright Eyes" in an endearingly childlike way, prompting laughter and applause from the audience, although Matthew himself did not seem aware of the comedy value of his singing. All of his recitals of 'Bright Eyes' were performed with him dressed in a bunny rabbit costume, holding a large felt carrot.
After his debut in early 1980, he was invited back two weeks later to sing another song - Pink Floyd's "Another Brick in the Wall". After this he would be invited back occasionally throughout this series and the next, always performing "Bright Eyes" – when not foiled by Tarrant's cry of "Not now, Matthew!"
Matthew's act rose to a cult status – he even had his cover of the song issued as a commercial single, although it failed to reach the top 100 in the British music charts. The song was included on "The Four Bucketeers" LP, a piece of "Tiswas" merchandise. Matthew took the opportunity to perform his song in front of a paying audience at the Belgrade Theatre in Coventry, on the "Tiswas" team's "Four Bucketeers" tour.
His rabbit costume and carrot were made by his mother. According to Tiswas presenter Sally James "Matthew turned up in his rabbit suit and then one week she just turned up with all these rabbit suits for all of us – and all these carrots. It was just so bizarre, and we all wore them. I’ve still got mine! The last time I put it on, my kids were very little, and we said to them ‘If you look out of the window in a moment you’ll see the Easter bunny in the garden, putting Easter eggs around’. And so I hopped outside about five minutes later. You know, obviously they knew it was me, but it was quite fun".
Post-Tiswas.
Name change.
After "Tiswas", Matthew's parents split up, with some of the family, including Matthew, deciding to use the surname "Lewis" (the maiden name of Matthew's mother). Therefore, these days Matthew is known as Matthew Lewis.
Media interest.
Despite having not made a performance since "Tiswas", Matthew has remained a curious phenomenon with local press in the midlands area. He remains keen to talk about his time on the show, and joined up with Tiswas fansite TiswasOnline as a contributor and researcher in 2005. For the site launch, ITV1's regional news bulletin for the West Midlands invited Matthew to walk around the disused ATV studios in Broad Street, Birmingham.
Radio show.
Matthew featured as a guest on a Saturday morning programme on Wolverhampton Community Radio alongside former "Tiswas" presenter Sally James to talk about his time on the show. His interest in broadcasting and ease with the medium led him to gain his own weekly Saturday morning show on the station, playing a selection of indie music with sidekick "Savage" (aka Martin Southall), under the banner of "The Matt and Savage Show". This programme moved to Sunday evenings in April 2007 at the same time that the station re-launched as WCR FM
Bright Eyes act in 2005.
Matthew and three friends appeared on Saturday morning show "Dick and Dom in Da Bungalow", performing "Bright Eyes" in rabbit costumes in a tribute to Matthew's time on "Tiswas". The act was visually different from the "Tiswas" days, with Matthew now a thirty-year-old man, although he brought along his rabbit costume and struggled to put it on during the act for comic effect. The show itself has been compared to "Tiswas", and allowed an opportunity for hosts Dominic Wood and Richard McCourt to dispel false tabloid rumours which alleged the two were going to revive "Tiswas" on ITV.
Tiswas Reunited – The 2007 Special.
The programme "Tiswas Reunited" included 1 minute 20 seconds of Matthew's "Tiswas" performance, which Tarrant described as "one of my favourite items". Matthew was then "spotted" in the audience, wearing an adult-sized version of his rabbit suit, and was briefly interviewed by Sally James. No reference was made to Matthew's name change or subsequent career in the media.

</doc>
<doc id="5986087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986087" title="Charles Wentworth-Fitzwilliam, 5th Earl Fitzwilliam">
Charles Wentworth-Fitzwilliam, 5th Earl Fitzwilliam

Charles William Wentworth Fitzwilliam, 3rd Earl Fitzwilliam in the peerage of England, and 5th Earl Fitzwilliam in the peerage of Ireland Knight of the Garter (KG) (4 May 1786 – 4 October 1857) was a British nobleman. He was President three times of the Royal Statistical Society in 1838–40, 1847–49, and 1853–5; and President of the British Association for the Advancement of Science in its inaugural year (1831-2).
Before inheriting the Earldom on 8 February 1833 on the death of his father, he was known by the courtesy title of Viscount Milton. Under that name he was the Whig Member of Parliament for Northamptonshire between 1831 and 1832.
He married the Hon. Mary Dundas (30 May 1787 – 1 November 1830) on 8 July 1806; she was his cousin and the daughter of Thomas Dundas, 1st Baron Dundas and Lady Charlotte Fitzwilliam, the 2nd and 4th Earl's sister. He was succeeded by his second son William.

</doc>
<doc id="5986090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986090" title="Wiltz (disambiguation)">
Wiltz (disambiguation)

Wiltz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5986094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986094" title="Tony Lee (pianist)">
Tony Lee (pianist)

Tony Lee (born Anthony Leedham Lee; 23 July 1934 – 9 March 2004) was a British jazz pianist who played with the likes of Tommy Whittle, Tom Jones, Dusty Springfield, Barney Kessel, Sonny Stitt, Eddie “Lockjaw” Davis, Terry Smith, Tubby Hayes, Dick Morrissey and legendary UK drummer Phil Seamen.
Lee was born in Whitechapel, London. He learned the rudiments of the piano from his elder brother, who was self-taught and preferred to use the black keys rather than the white. As a consequence, he became fluent in keys such as G flat and B natural, before moving on to more standard keys, leaving him with the ability to transpose effortlessly his entire repertoire into any key. He played for many years at The Bull's Head in Barnes, South West London, a few miles from his home in Kingston upon Thames, Surrey.
Despite his sketchy knowledge of musical theory, he was a complete master of his instrument, and blessed with large hands, (he could stretch an 11th with ease), his solos ranged from effortless large block chords to delicate single note figures, all played in a lyrical style, and swinging like a garden gate. He was arguably the greatest British exponent of the Erroll Garner piano style, though his playing embraced a much wider compass.
He appeared on at least two recordings with Seamen - "Phil Seamen Now! . . . Live!" (1968) and on "Phil Seamen Meets Eddie Gomez" (1968), a live recording featuring US bassist Eddie Gomez. 
His solo debut, "Electric Piano" (1971), earned many comparisons to the works of Burt Bacharach. He made at least four other LPs, including "Tony Lee Trio (British Jazz Artists Vol. 1)", probably the quintessential album of his career (1976), "Street of Dreams" (1979), "Hey There" (1992) and "The Tony Lee Trio Live at the Station" (2002), prior to his death from cancer in 2004.
He had a long-lasting association of some 40 years with bassist Tony Archer in the Tony Lee Trio. Lee and Archer also played together in the sextet The Best of British Jazz formed in the early 1970s with Jack Parnell (drums), Kenny Baker (trumpet), Don Lusher (trombone) and Betty Smith (tenor sax). The sextet recorded two albums - "The Best of British Jazz" and "The Very Best of British Jazz". 

</doc>
<doc id="5986104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986104" title="Lee Murphy">
Lee Murphy

Lee Murphy (born 7 January 1977) is a former professional Australian Rugby league player. He played for the St George Dragons, St George Illawarra Dragons, and Wests Tigers.
Personal life.
Murphy was a student of Marist College Kogarah.

</doc>
<doc id="5986109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986109" title="Tony Lee (disambiguation)">
Tony Lee (disambiguation)

Tony Lee (born 1970) is a British comics writer.
Tony Lee may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5986113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986113" title="Mauricio Aros">
Mauricio Aros

Mauricio Fernando Aros Bahamóndez (born March 9, 1976) is a former Chilean football player.
Career.
He began his career in the youth squads of Deportes Concepción and debuted as a professional in 1995. In 1998, Aros left the club for Universidad de Chile and won two Primera División Chilean Championships and two Copa Chile trophies with the club.
In 2001, he signed for Dutch club Feyenoord. He won 2001–02 UEFA Cup with the club, but did not receive regular playing time. In 2002, Aros was loaned to Israeli club Maccabi Tel Aviv and in 2003 he was loaned to Saudi club Al-Hilal.
In the middle of 2004, Aros contract expired and he returned to Chile to play for Huachipato. He then moved to Cobreloa for two years.
In the Clausura 2007 tournament, Universidad de Concepción made the finals of the playoffs and lost to Colo-Colo.
International.
Aros made his international debut for Chile on April 29, 1998 against Lithuania. He was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup with Chile. He only played in one game at the '98 World Cup, which was in the Round of 16 match versus Brazil. Aros participated in three Copa América's (1999, 2001, and 2004). In the 1999 Copa América, Chile made it to the semifinals against Uruguay. The game went to penalties and Aros missed the second penalty shot, which would prove to be the decisive penalty for Chile. Chile went on to lose the third place game versus Mexico. His last international match was against Costa Rica on July 14, 2004 in a group match of the 2004 Copa América. Aros finished his international career with 30 caps.

</doc>
<doc id="5986116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986116" title="Vula">
Vula

Vula appeared in Cape Town in December 1984. Distributed to beach bathers and the like, it quickly became one of the country's top, alternative publications, before disappearing sometime in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5986133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986133" title="2004 UEFA European Under-21 Championship squads">
2004 UEFA European Under-21 Championship squads

Players in bold have now been capped at full International level.
Group A.
Belarus.
Head coach: Yuri Puntus [http://www.uefa.com/competitions/Under21/news/Kind=1/newsId=180192.html]
Croatia.
Head coach: Martin Novoselac
Italy.
Head coach: Claudio Gentile
Serbia and Montenegro.
Head coach: Vladimir Petrović
Group B.
Germany.
Head coach: Uli Stielike
Portugal.
Head coach: José Romão
Sweden.
Head Coach : Torbjörn Nilsson
Switzerland.
Head coach: Bernard Challandes

</doc>
<doc id="5986136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5986136" title="Lacey's Farm Quarry">
Lacey's Farm Quarry

Lacey's Farm Quarry () is a 1,300 square metre geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the town of Freshwater, Isle of Wight, notified in 1993.

</doc>
