<doc id="5987999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5987999" title="Solute carrier family">
Solute carrier family

The solute carrier (SLC) group of membrane transport proteins include over 300 members organized into 52 families. Most members of the SLC group are located in the cell membrane. The SLC gene nomenclature system was originally proposed by the HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee (HGNC) and is the basis for the official HGNC names of the genes that encode these transporters. A more general transmembrane transporter classification can be found in TCDB database.
Solutes that are transported by the various SLC group members are extraordinarily diverse and include both charged and uncharged organic molecules as well as inorganic ions and the gas ammonia. 
As is typical of integral membrane proteins, SLCs contain a number of hydrophobic transmembrane alpha helices connected to each other by hydrophilic intra- and extra-cellular loops. Depending on the SLC, these transporters are functional as either monomers or obligate homo- or hetero-oligomers.
Scope.
By convention of the nomenclature system, members within an individual SLC family have greater than 20-25% sequence homology to each other. In contrast, the homology between SLC families is very low to non-existent. Hence, the criteria for inclusion of a family into the SLC group is not evolutionary relatedness to other SLC families but rather functional (i.e., an integral membrane protein that transports a solute).
The SLC group include examples of transport proteins that are:
The SLC series does not include members of transport protein families that have previously been classified by other widely accepted nomenclature systems including:
Subcellular distribution.
Most members of the SLC group are located in the cell membrane, but some members are located in mitochondria (the most notable one being SLC family 25) or other intracellular organelles.
Nomenclature system.
Names of individual SLC members have the following format:
where:
For example is the first isoform of subfamily A of SLC family 1.
An exception occurs with SLC family 21 (the organic anion transporting polypeptide transporters), which for historical reasons have names in the format SLCOnXm where n = family number, X = subfamily letter, and m = member number.
While the HGNC nomenclature system by definition only includes human genes, the nomenclature system has been informally extended to include rodent species through the use of lowercase letters (e.g., Slc1a1 denotes the rodent ortholog of the human SLC1A1 gene).
References.
SLC Tables. http://slc.bioparadigms.org

</doc>
<doc id="5988004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988004" title="William Ramsay (manufacturer)">
William Ramsay (manufacturer)

William Ramsay (6 June 1868–4 September 1914) was a Scottish-born Australian shoe polish manufacturer. In 1906, Ramsay developed "Kiwi" brand shoe polish, today one of the most famous shoe polish brands in the world.
Born in Glasgow in 1868, Ramsay moved to Australia at the age of ten, settling with his family in Melbourne in June, 1878. The family prospered in Victoria; Ramsay's father, John, was a die-sinker and engraver in Scotland, but became a successful real estate broker in his adopted homeland. After he left school, William Ramsay set up a real estate firm with his father. The business, "John Ramsay & Son", prospered.
After a trip to New Zealand, where he met and married Annie Elizabeth Meek in Oamaru on 2 January 1901, Ramsay established a factory in Carlton in partnership with Hamilton McKellar. From there, Ramsay & McKellar would produce disinfectants, polishes, creams, and a variety of other products.
In 1904 the pair moved the factory to Elizabeth Street, in Melbourne, where, in 1906, they began producing a new shoe polish under the trademark "Kiwi". The polish, which would become phenomenally successful in Australia within a few years, was named in honour of Annie Ramsay's New Zealand heritage. In 1912, after McKellar had left the company, Ramsay's father established a branch of Kiwi Polish Co. in London, in the United Kingdom, and in 1913 William Ramsay himself headed to the region to promote the new brand in Europe.
Ramsay died of cancer in the family home at Essendon, in Melbourne, outlived by his wife and two sons. His father would follow ten years later.
Two of Ramsay's brothers also went on to achieve notability: Sir John Ramsay as a surgeon and cricketer, and Hugh Ramsay as an artist.

</doc>
<doc id="5988005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988005" title="CD98">
CD98

CD98 is a glycoprotein that is a heterodimer composed of SLC3A2 and SLC7A5 that forms the large neutral amino acid transporter (LAT1). LAT1 is a heterodimeric membrane transport protein that preferentially transports branched-chain (valine, leucine, isoleucine) and aromatic (tryptophan, tyrosine) amino acids. LAT is highly expressed in brain capillaries (which form the blood–brain barrier) relative to other tissues.
A functional LAT1 transporter is composed of two proteins encoded by two distinct genes:

</doc>
<doc id="5988023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988023" title="Wurzbach">
Wurzbach

Wurzbach is a town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in southern Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 33 km southeast of Saalfeld, and 45 km northwest of Hof.

</doc>
<doc id="5988025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988025" title="USS Asphalt (IX-153)">
USS Asphalt (IX-153)

USS "Asphalt" (IX-153), a designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for asphalt. Her keel was laid down in 1944 at San Francisco, California, by Barrett & Hilp, Belair Shipyards. She was acquired by the Navy on 30 June 1944 through the Maritime Commission and was placed in service that same day.
Service history.
Assigned to the Service Force, Pacific Fleet, as a floating provisions storage facility, she spent her brief career at forward bases, for the most part at Saipan, as a unit of Service Squadron 10. When a storm struck the anchorage at Saipan on 6 October 1944, "Asphalt"s anchor chains parted, and she was driven hard aground on a coral reef. The barge was then declared a total loss. After her cargo and machinery were salvaged, she was abandoned. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 23 February 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="5988043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988043" title="Crime Classification Manual">
Crime Classification Manual

Crime Classification Manual: A Standard System for Investigating and Classifying Violent Crimes (1992) is a text on the classification of violent crimes by John E. Douglas, Ann W. Burgess, Allen G. Burgess and Robert K. Ressler. The publication is a result of a project by the Federal Bureau of Investigation's National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime.
A second edition of the book was published in 2006, and added 155 pages of new information and research.

</doc>
<doc id="5988061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988061" title="Glen Park, Toronto">
Glen Park, Toronto

Glen Park is a neighbourhood in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located in the district of North York. It is bounded by Lawrence Avenue to the north, Bathurst Street to the east, a line south of Stayner Avenue to the south, and the CNR tracks to the west. Prior to the amalgamation of Metropolitan Toronto in 1998, it was part of the city of North York. It is also included as part of the larger official Yorkdale-Glen Park neighbourhood.
Character.
For the most part, Glen Park homes tend to date back to the 1950s and 1960s, when developers perfected the uniform vista of bungalows and backsplits. Glen Park is a middle-class suburban community of brick houses. Local shopping areas include the Lawrence Square Shopping Centre, the Lawrence Plaza and various street shopping areas along Dufferin St and Marlee Ave.
The western section of Glen Park - centered around Dufferin St. - is home to a large Italian Canadian population. The eastern section of Glen Park (often referred to as Englemount) is a primarily Orthodox Jewish community that resides closer to Bathurst St. While the area west of the Allen Expressway is considered to part of the administrative neighbourhood of Yorkdale-Glen Park by the City of Toronto, the area east of the Allen is along with Lawrence Manor considered part of Englemount-Lawrence. 
Transportation.
Dufferin Street and Lawrence Avenue West are the neighbourhood's major arteries. Public transit is provided by buses along the two streets, the 109 Ranee along Marlee Avenue and within the Lawrence Heights community, 47 Lansdowne along Caledonia Road to Yorkdale subway station to the north (47B via Bridgeland and 47C via Orfus), Lawrence West subway station to the centre, and Glencairn subway station to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="5988093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988093" title="Ny-Ålesund Airport, Hamnerabben">
Ny-Ålesund Airport, Hamnerabben

Ny-Ålesund Airport, Hamnerabben (; ) is an airport serving the research community of Ny-Ålesund in Svalbard, Norway. The airport is owned by Kings Bay, who also owns the company town. The only flights available are to Svalbard Airport, Longyear, operated two to four times a week by Lufttransport using Dornier Do 228 aircraft. The services are organized as corporate charters and tickets are only available after permission from Kings Bay.
Between 1925 and 1928, Ny-Ålesund saw four air expeditions to the North Pole, two of which required the construction of an airship hangar and mast. The first proposal for an airport in Ny-Ålesund was launched in 1956 by Norsk Polar Navigasjon, who proposed an airport at Kvadehuksletta. Soviet protests against the airport caused the Norwegian authorities to oppose the plans, which were laid to rest in the early 1960s. Construction at Hamnerabben started in 1965 following the decision to build Kongsfjord Telemetry Station. The airport first hosted service to temporary landing strips near Longyearbyen, but from 1975 served Svalbard Airport. Lufttransport started flights with helicopters in the 1980s, but from 1989 has flown with fixed-wing aircraft.
History.
Early aviation in Ny-Ålesund.
Ny-Ålesund was established as a mining company town by Kings Bay in 1916. Between 1925 and 1928, four attempts were made to reach the North Pole by air from Ny-Ålesund. In May 1925, Roald Amundsen used Ny-Ålesund as a base for two flying boats, but the expedition failed to come closer than 88 degrees north. On 9 May 1926, Floyd Bennett and Richard E. Byrd used Ny-Ålesund as both the starting and landing for their expedition. Although they claimed to have reached the pole, there is strong evidence that they could not have accomplished this. On 11 May, Amundsen and Umberto Nobile's airship "Norge" left Ny-Ålesund and traveled via the North Pole to Alaska. This is regarded as the first successful expedition to the North Pole. After two short skirmishes, Nobile's airship "Italia" left Ny-Ålesund in 23 May 1928 to reach the North Pole, but crashed on the return.
The flying boats did not require any specific infrastructure, although they had to be brought by ship to Ny-Ålesund, where they were assembled. They took off from a manually groomed air strip on snow. For the airship expeditions, a hangar and a mast were needed. Twenty-two carpenters arrived in October 1925 along with supplies on SS "Alekto". Materials were transported to the site by railway after a track had been laid to the site from the port. The tall steel mast was completed in December. The wooden hangar was with a height of . It was covered in of tarp. The hangar was completed on 15 February 1926.
Mining ceased in Ny-Ålesund in 1929; it was taken up again in 1941, but because of the Second World War the town was evacuated the following year. From 1946, the Royal Norwegian Air Force started serving Ny-Ålesund with their Consolidated PBY Catalina amphibian aircraft. The aircraft were able to land if there was no ice on the fjord and lighting and weather permitted it. The first flight took place on 10 May and consisted of post drops. No further flights were carried out until 1949; one of the flights that year was an air ambulance operation. The service also dropped post at the other Norwegian settlements in Svalbard. In 1961, the Catalinas were replaced with Grumman HU-16B Albatross aircraft.
Kvadehuksletta proposal.
The first proposal for an airport serving Ny-Ålesund was launched by the brothers Einar Sverre Pedersen and Gunnar Sverre Pedersen. Einar worked as chief navigator in the Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) and was instrumental in developing the airline routes over the North Pole. He envisioned that the airport in Svalbard could serve as an emergency landing aerodrome for intercontinental flights, and proposed that the Norwegian trunk airline service be extended to Svalbard.
The brothers went on an expedition to Spitsbergen in 1956 to conduct further surveys. Their initial observations concluded that Kvadehussletta, the outermost part of Brøggerhalvøya, was the best-suited place for a major airport. They initially planned for a long runway, which could easily be expanded to . Hotellneset and Adventdalen, both close to Longyearbyen, were rejected because the areas were too small and due to poor weather conditions.
The brothers presented the idea to the Government of Norway and SAS, but neither party was interested in investing in an airport. They contacted Kings Bay and asked the company to lease or purchase land to build the airport. The company was positive, but required that the airport remained under Norwegian ownership and regulations. On 22 October 1958, negotiations started with Vestlandske Flyselskap to start an airline service from the mainland to Svalbard. Financing of the airport was in part to be secured through a Hilton hotel, which would provide accommodation for tourists, and the "Roald Amundsen Institute," a planned research station.
Although the brothers received initial support from the government, the Soviet Union officially protested the airport on 5 November 1958. They claimed it could be used as an air force base—and thus would be a violation of the Svalbard Treaty—and pointed out that planning was partially financed with American military funding and that Gunnar was a military officer. From then on the Norwegian government started actively opposing the airport. At first they asked the company to cease operations, then asked the American military to cut funding. They also instructed all government-owned companies to not allow an airport to be built on their ground. The government also used Gunnar's military rank to hinder him, to limited extent, from pursuing the plans. The Aviation Act, which required all airports to have a concession to operate, came into effect from 1961, effectively stopping the plans.
Hamnerabben.
Following the 1962 mining accident and the subsequent Kings Bay Affair, Ny-Ålesund was transformed from a mining town to a research outpost. The need for an airport to support commercial activity in Ny-Ålesund arose in 1965 with the construction of Kongsfjord Telemetry Station. The Royal Norwegian Council for Scientific and Industrial Research needed to have an aviation connection with Longyearbyen to send magnetic tapes with the downloaded data to Germany. A road was built from the settlement to Hamnerabben, the site of the telemetry station. The top of the hill was sufficiently flat that a runway could be constructed. It was built by giving a long straight section of the road a width of . Waste oil was poured on the gravel to bind it. A smaller road was built to the north of the runway to allow road transport while the runway was in use.
The airport was largely used to fly to Longyearbyen, although a limited number of flights were undertaken to the mainland. In addition to magnetic tapes, the aircraft were used to transport personnel and cargo, particularly during winter. Services were originally operated by Ski- og Sjøfly, but were later taken over by Svalbard-Fly, both of which had their Cessna 185 aircraft stationed in Ny-Ålesund. On 3 June 1970, a miner with a fractured skull was transported by ship from Longyearbyen to Ny-Ålesund and sent on board a Piper PA-31 Navajo to the mainland for treatment. After the telemetry station closed in 1974, the airport was taken over by Kings Bay. During this period, Longyearbyen was served by a planed section of tundra in Adventdalen.
Svalbard Airport, Longyear, opened in 1975, allowing better facilities and connection with scheduled flights to the mainland. At the same time, Lufttransport established itself at Svalbard Airport. During the summer of 1975, the Norwegian Polar Institute stationed two helicopters at Ny-Ålesund Airport to support their expeditions. During the late 1970s there was little winter activity in Ny-Ålesund, but the air strip was kept operational for the few groups of researchers who did visit. A radio line repeater was installed at Kongsvegpasset in 1980, resulting in Ny-Ålesund receiving a telephone connection. A radio beacon was subsequently installed at the airport.
During the 1980s, the services were gradually taken over by Lufttransport, who used both small aircraft and helicopters. These gradually became more regular and became "de facto" scheduled services every fortnight. Lufttransport replaced the helicopter service with a two-engine five-seat aircraft in 1989, which cut the cost of transport significantly. In 1993, Widerøe established itself at Svalbard Airport and flew services to Ny-Ålesund, but this only lasted the one season. In 1996, Lufttransport and Kings Bay made an agreement that the airline would fly once per week during the winter and up to five times per week during the summer. The airline would use a Dornier Do 228, which was also used for flights from Longyearbyen to Svea Airport for Store Norske Spitsbergen Kulkompani.
Facilities.
Ny-Ålesund Airport, Hamnerabben, is located at Hamnerabben, west of the main settlement of Ny-Ålesund. It consists of a single long and wide gravel runway. It is located at elevation and aligned 12/30. The airport has a single apron. The airport has aerodrome flight information service but lacks terminal and hangar facilities.
Airlines and destinations.
The only airline to provide service to and from Hamnerabben is Lufttransport, which operates 16-seat Dornier Do 228 aircraft to Svalbard Airport, Longyear. The airline provides two flights per week during the winter and four flights per week during the summer. All departures are charter flights organized by Kings Bay and tickets are only available through the company. Occasional "ad hoc" charter flights are also sometimes operated. At Longyearbyen, connections are provided onwards to Tromsø Airport and Oslo Airport, Gardermoen.

</doc>
<doc id="5988100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988100" title="Sentosa Cove">
Sentosa Cove

Sentosa Cove (Chinese: ) is a residential enclave in the eastern part of Sentosa island in Singapore, which is planned to include about 2,500 units when fully developed. It is largely made up of reclaimed land. The master developer of the site was Sentosa Cove Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary of Sentosa Development Corporation, which purchased the site from the Singapore Land Authority for a sum of about S$800 million.
About 60% of property buyers in Sentosa Cove are foreign. 

</doc>
<doc id="5988101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988101" title="Vernéřovice">
Vernéřovice

Vernéřovice () is a village in the Náchod District of the Hradec Králové Region, Czech Republic. The settlement dates to the 13th century, the first documentary mention dating to 1351, when it was known as "Wernhirsdorf". The village stretches for about 2 km east to west along the road to Meziměstí, about 2 km south of the Czech-Polish border. The nearest town is Broumov, about 6 km to the south-east.

</doc>
<doc id="5988109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988109" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1951">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1951

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1951 according to "Billboard magazine". Prior to the creation of the Hot 100, "Billboard" published multiple singles charts each week. In 1951, the following three charts were produced:

</doc>
<doc id="5988115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988115" title="Cramer-Krasselt">
Cramer-Krasselt

Cramer-Krasselt is an American integrated marketing and communications agency. It is the second-largest independent agency in the United States according to "Advertising Age" in terms of revenue and is probably best known for its ads for Corona Beer, Porsche, Panera Bread and Careerbuilder.com.
Formation and overview.
The agency was founded in 1898 in Milwaukee by Fred "Cody" Cramer and William Krasselt. They relocated their headquarters to Chicago in the mid-1980s, where it remains as of 2012. Other offices in New York, Milwaukee and Phoenix
Other clients include Patron Tequila, Spice Islands, Vitamix, Heinz, Bombardier Recreational Products (including Sea-Doo and Ski-Doo brands), Edward Jones, Johnsonville Sausage, and TransUnion's TrueCredit.com. In 2011, they took on the $50M account for Cedar Fair, the company that owns Knott's Berry Farm. In 2013, they declined to continue to represent Burlington Coat Factory.

</doc>
<doc id="5988117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988117" title="S6 (Berlin)">
S6 (Berlin)

The S6 was a line number used by the Berlin S-Bahn from June 1991 until June 2002. The line always ran to the south-east corner of Berlin, although a number of routings were used during its period of operation. The line was replaced by the S46 and S8 which now provide connections to south-east Berlin.
History.
The first routing of the S6 ran from Charlottenburg to Königs Wusterhausen from June 1991. A year later, the line was extended by one station to Westkreuz. In May 1994, the line was shortened to act as a peak-time shuttle between Warschauer Straße and Zeuthen. The line was removed in June 2002.
Route.
The station listing below provides an overview of what the line looked like. The possible travel connections are correct for the period of operation and do not reflect the current travel connections for these stations. 

</doc>
<doc id="5988141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988141" title="List of dams and reservoirs of the Susquehanna River">
List of dams and reservoirs of the Susquehanna River

The Susquehanna River, in the Mid-Atlantic States of the USA, has a collection of dams. These dams are used for power generation, flood control, navigation and recreation. These dams have local and regional environmental impacts on the river and the Chesapeake Bay, both positive and negative.
Environmental impacts.
The dams have a positive impact on the environment. They slow water, trapping silt and pollutants. Conowingo Dam is credited with preventing much of the silt from Pennsylvania from reaching the Chesapeake Bay. The dam spillways can add oxygen to the water. The down stream side of dams is favored by aquatic birds, possibly because the fish that pass through the dam are a bit stunned. Conowingo Dam is noted for its Bald Eagles. Hydroelectric power is considered an environmentally friendly method of power generation.
The dams also make a negative impact on the environment. They raise the water level, altering the riparian environment. The upstream pools can become environmentally unsound below the surface, especially during summer. They block migratory fish, such as the American shad. The dams from York Haven down to the Chesapeake all have fish ladders or lifts to mitigate this.
Human impacts.
The dams have both a positive and negative impact on human society, outside of the environmental impacts above. 
River dams have long been associated with power generation. In the past dams powered mills directly. Today dams are used both for direct hydroelectric generation and to form pools for cooling other forms of generation. Dams create navigable stretches of river where they may have been unnavigable before. The first dams at Sunbury, Pennsylvania were to support year round ferry crossings.
The creation of dams does have negative impacts. Communities on the river edge are displaced, such as Conowingo, Bald Friar, and Glen Cove, Maryland in 1928. Longitudinal river navigation is impeded. Although the historic Susquehanna was very difficult to navigate most of the year. Timber rafts could come down in the spring high water, but very few boats went up the river, before the canals were built. The Conowingo Dam is located near "Smith's Falls", where John Smith had to turn back while exploring the region in the early 17th century due to the impassable rapids.
List of dams.
Listed from the headwaters toward the mouth of the river. This includes existing and historic structures, as well as dams off the river that have a major impact on the river. The river also "grows" its own ice dams during the winter and notable ones will be included.

</doc>
<doc id="5988142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988142" title="1995 Ais Gill rail accident">
1995 Ais Gill rail accident

The 1995 Ais Gill rail accident occurred near Aisgill, Cumbria, at about 18:55 hrs on 31 January 1995 when a class 156 Super-Sprinter was derailed by a landslide on the Settle-Carlisle Railway line and was subsequently run into by a similar train travelling in the opposite direction. The conductor of the first train, Mr Stuart Wilson was fatally injured in the collision.
The subsequent report made by Her Majesty's Railway Inspectorate was the last report to be submitted under the terms of the Regulation of Railways Act 1871, which was repealed in 1995.
Events.
A Class 156 Super-Sprinter formed the 1626 Carlisle to Leeds via Settle service (headcode 2H88). It could only proceed as far as Ribblehead railway station, about 12 miles north of Settle, as the lines from Ribblehead to Settle were blocked by flooding; so it had to return to Carlisle.
The driver changed cabs as the train was now heading northbound instead of southbound, and proceeded back over the Ribblehead Viaduct, and on to Aisgill Summit, the highest point on the line at 1169ft above sea level. It was dark and raining heavily. 
Near Aisgill Summit itself the train hit a landslide. It derailed across both tracks, and the cabin lights went off plunging it into darkness. The injured driver managed to make an emergency radio call to Crewe Control Room to tell them of the incident. However, the actions at Crewe and York Control Rooms did not prevent the subsequent collision. The conductor escorted passengers into the rear unit, which was across the northbound track. He then returned to see the driver who was still in the cab. Either the conductor or the driver (it is not known which) changed the lights from white to red to warn oncoming trains of the obstruction but no other action was taken. 
Meanwhile another Super-Sprinter train forming the 1745 Carlisle to Leeds service (headcode 2H92) had set off from Kirkby Stephen railway station around five miles to the north. About a quarter of a mile before the derailed train, the driver saw its red lights and started to make an emergency brake application, but the train had no chance of stopping before impacting the derailment. The resulting collision killed the conductor of the derailed train, and seriously hurt several passengers: 30 people on the trains suffered some kind of injury. The signalman at Settle Junction signal box was informed of the accident by the conductor of the 2H92 service and the emergency services were then alerted.
Inquiry.
The official inquiry into the accident concluded that the conductor of the derailed train (2H88) failed in his paramount duty to protect his train in the event of an incident by laying down detonators and displaying a red flag one mile away from the obstruction. As the driver of the train was incapacitated, the conductor should have protected the line in front of the train in case another train should approach from the opposite direction (as in fact actually happened). The time between the initial derailment and the subsequent collision was about six or seven minutes which would have allowed a much greater warning time to be given to the second train, and might have prevented the collision or at least reduced its impact.
Further recommendations were made concerning the inadequate communications between Railtrack Control Rooms and inefficient use of the National Radio Network. A "group call" to all trains in the vicinity of the incident could have been made by the Control Room and might have alerted the second train to the obstruction in time to prevent the collision.
Other incidents.
In 1999 a similar incident occurred on the Settle and Carlisle line at Crosby Garrett, north of Kirkby Stephen, where a landslide caused a Carlisle-bound Sprinter to derail. The driver set off a warning horn mounted on the track, and although a southbound goods train hit the Sprinter, nobody was seriously hurt. This took place during bad weather conditions similar to the 1995 incident.

</doc>
<doc id="5988143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988143" title="Reproductive endocrinology">
Reproductive endocrinology

Reproductive endocrinology may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5988148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988148" title="Reproductive medicine">
Reproductive medicine

Reproductive medicine is a branch of medicine that deals with prevention, diagnosis and management of reproductive problems; goals include improving or maintaining reproductive health and allowing people to have children at a time of their choosing. It is founded on knowledge of reproductive anatomy, physiology, and endocrinology, and incorporates relevant aspects of molecular biology, biochemistry and pathology.
Scope.
Reproductive medicine addresses issues of sexual education, puberty, family planning, birth control, infertility, reproductive system disease (including sexually transmitted diseases) and sexual dysfunction. In women, reproductive medicine also covers menstruation, ovulation, pregnancy and menopause, as well as gynecologic disorders that affect fertility.
The field cooperates with and overlaps mainly with reproductive endocrinology and infertility, sexual medicine and andrology, but also to some degree with gynecology, obstetrics, urology, genitourinary medicine, medical endocrinology, pediatric endocrinology, genetics, and psychiatry.
Methods.
Assessment methods could include: imaging techniques, laboratory methods and reproductive surgery. Treatment methods include counseling, pharmacology (e.g. fertility medication), surgery, and other methods.
In vitro fertilization has evolved as a major treatment modality that has enabled the study of the embryo prior to implantation.
Education and training.
Specialists in reproductive medicine usually undergo training in obstetrics and gynecology followed by training in reproductive endocrinology and infertility, or in urology followed by training in andrology. For reproductive medicine specialists in contraception, other methods of training are possible. Specialists tend to be organized in specialty organizations such as the American Society of Reproductive Medicine (ASRM) and European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE).
Anamnesis.
The anamnesis or medical history taking of issues related to reproductive or sexual medicine may be inhibited by a person's reluctance to disclose intimate or uncomfortable information. Even if such an issue is on the person's mind, he or she often doesn't start talking about such an issue without the physician initiating the subject by a specific question about sexual or reproductive health. Some familiarity with the doctor generally makes it easier for person to talk about intimate issues such as sexual subjects, but for some people, a very high degree of familiarity may make the person reluctant to reveal such intimate issues. When visiting a health provider about sexual issues, having both partners of a couple present is often necessary, and is typically a good thing, but may also prevent the disclosure of certain subjects, and, according to one report, increases the stress level.

</doc>
<doc id="5988150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988150" title="CoolSprings Galleria">
CoolSprings Galleria

CoolSprings Galleria is an enclosed regional shopping mall in the Cool Springs commercial and residential corridor between Franklin and Brentwood, Tennessee, south of Nashville. The mall opened in 1991, and has 5 department stores and over 165 stores on two floors totaling , including the 500-seat Oasis Food Court. CoolSprings Crossings is an adjacent power center. 
In May 2011, it was announced that TIAA-CREF would receive 50% ownership of CoolSprings Galleria and several other CBL malls in an attempt to reduce CBL's debt. Sears will close its store at the mall in 2013 and sell it to CBL, who plans to redevelop the space. In February 2014, it was confirmed that Belk would be expanding into portions of the former Sears after it closes.
See also.
List of shopping malls in Tennessee

</doc>
<doc id="5988157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988157" title="Hyrrokkin (moon)">
Hyrrokkin (moon)

Hyrrokkin ( ) or Saturn XLIV (provisional designation S/2004 S 19) is a natural satellite of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and April 30, 2006.
Hyrrokkin is about 8 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,168 Mm in 914 days, at an inclination of 153° to the ecliptic (154° to Saturn's equator), in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.36. During four observations in March 2013, the synodic rotational period was measured by the Cassini spacecraft to approximately 12 hours and 45 minutes.
It was named in April 2007 after Hyrrokkin, a giantess from Norse mythology, who launched Hringhorni, Baldr's funeral ship. It was originally listed as being spelled "Hyrokkin", but the spelling was later corrected.

</doc>
<doc id="5988164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988164" title="Charles Vane">
Charles Vane

Charles Vane (c.1680 – March 29, 1721) was an English pirate who preyed upon English and French shipping. His pirate career lasted from 1716 to 1719. His flagship was a brigantine named the "Ranger".
Vane was among the pirate captains who operated out of the notorious base at New Providence in the Bahamas after the British abandoned the colony during the War of the Spanish Succession. In 1721, after a relatively long and violent career in piracy, he was captured and was executed by hanging at Gallows Point, Port Royal, Jamaica.
Pirate career.
Serving under Henry Jennings.
Charles Vane's history is not well documented, but he most likely started his career aboard one of Lord Archibald Hamilton's privateers. Charles Vane arrived in Port Royal sometime during the War of the Spanish Succession (1701–1714). In 1716, he began serving under the infamous pirate Henry Jennings. In late July of 1715, a Spanish treasure fleet was hit by a hurricane off the coast of Florida, dumping tons of Spanish gold and silver not far from shore. As the surviving Spanish sailors salvaged what they could, pirates made a beeline for the wreck site. Jennings (with Vane on board) was one of the first to reach the site, and his buccaneers raided the Spanish camp on shore, making off with some £87,000 in recovered gold and silver.
The King's Pardon.
In 1718, the King of England sent Cpt. Woodes Rogers with a blanket pardon for all pirates who wished to return to an honest life, provided they turned themselves in by September 1718. Rogers also commanded four Royal Navy warships to clean up those pirates who refused to surrender. Many pirates accepted, including Jennings. Vane, however, scoffed at the notion of retirement from piracy and soon became the leader of those who refused the pardon. Vane and a handful of other pirates outfitted a small sloop, the "Lark", for service as a pirate vessel. Vane had recently plundered a French prize and wasn't about to turn over his rich spoils for a free pass from the gallows. Instead, he loaded the plundered ship with explosives, set her on fire, and set it drifting straight at the newly arrived English vessels. The powder magazines ignited and cannons burst as the fire ship's explosion rocked the bay. In their hasty attempt to avoid the floating fireball, Rogers' warships lost sight of Vane's booty-filled sloop as it disappeared into the night. On February 23, 1718, the royal frigate HMS "Phoenix" arrived in Nassau. Vane and his men were captured, but were released as a goodwill gesture. Within a couple of weeks Vane and several of his hardened companions were ready to once again take to piracy. He soon recruited forty of Nassau's unrepentant pirates, including seasoned buccaneer Edward England and "Calico Jack" Rackham, who would himself become a notorious pirate captain.
Vane's Reign of Terror.
Vane was infamous for his cruelty toward the crews of captured vessels. After his first act as a pirate he was reported to the governor of Bermuda for torturing men on rival vessels while on a salvage mission. He also showed scant respect for the pirate code, cheating his own crews out of their fair share of plunder and killing surrendered sailors after promising them mercy. By April of 1718, Vane had a handful of small ships and was ready for action. In that month, he captured twelve merchant ships. Vane and his men treated the sailors and merchants cruelly in spite of the fact that they had surrendered rather than fight. One sailor was bound hand and foot and tied to the top of the bowsprit and the pirates threatened to shoot him if he did not tell where the treasure on board was located. Fear of Vane drove commerce in the area to a halt.
Vane subsequently traded up ships by capturing first a Barbados sloop and then a large 12-gun brigantine, each of which he named the "Ranger" in turn. His brutal attacks became well known, and Captain Vane was cornered in February 1718 by Vincent Pearse, commander of the HMS "Phoenix". Word had recently spread of the Royal Pardon offered to pirates in exchange for a guarantee they would quit plundering, so Vane claimed he'd actually been en route to surrender to Pearse and accepted the pardon on the spot, gaining his freedom though losing his captured ship, the "Lark". As soon as he was free of Pearse he ignored the pardon and resumed his depredations.
Vane knew that Woodes Rogers, the new governor, would be arriving soon. Vane decided that his position in Nassau was too weak, so he set out to capture a proper pirate ship. He soon took a 20-gun French ship and made it his flagship. In June and July of 1718, he seized many more small merchant vessels, more than enough to keep his men happy. Vane triumphantly re-entered Nassau, essentially taking over the town. Vane controlled the Nassau harbor and the small fort, which flew a pirate flag from its flagpole.
Vane's escape and Blackbeard.
In August 1718, the new Governor of New Providence, Woodes Rogers, and two men-of-war arrived in Nassau to oversee the pardon, and more importantly for Vane, capture those who violated it. While most pirates accepted the enforced pardon, Vane resisted it and any who attempted to honestly reform. He made an impression by firing on the Royal Navy immediately, and sent a letter to Rogers demanding to be allowed to dispose of his plundered goods before accepting the King's pardon. As night fell, Vane knew his situation was impossible, so he set fire to his flagship and sent it towards the Navy ships, hoping to destroy them in a massive explosion. The Navy ships were able hurriedly to cut their anchor lines to get away, but Vane and his men escaped in his fast six-gun sloop, the "Ranger", defiantly firing at the governor as he passed and threatening to return. He evaded the few Royal Navy vessels in the area and sailed north.
Vane continued practising piracy on the open seas, amassing a large crew and three ships. He was so successful, in fact, that Governor Rogers decided to send out Colonel William Rhett to hunt Vane down. Meanwhile, he had given command of one of his ships to a fellow pirate by the name of Yeats, and the two pillaged and looted vessels that were entering and leaving the port at Charleston, looking to emulate Blackbeard's success. However, Vane created division among his crew by refusing to capture several promising vessels, leading Yeats to abscond in the night with a large portion of treasure and one of the captured brigs. Vane continued pirating and had some success but still dreamed of the days when Nassau was under pirate control. He headed to North Carolina where Edward "Blackbeard" Teach had gone semi-legitimate. The two pirate crews socialized for a week in October 1718 on the shores of Ocracoke Island. Vane hoped to convince his old friend to join in an attack on Nassau, but Blackbeard declined, having too much to lose.
Deposed.
Vane then turned north toward New York. On November 23, Vane ordered an attack on a frigate which turned out to be a French Navy warship. Out-gunned, Vane broke off the fight and fled. His men, led by the reckless Calico Jack Rackham, had wanted to stay and fight and take the French ship. The next day, the crew deposed Vane as captain, electing Rackham instead. Vane and fifteen others were given a small sloop and the two pirate crews went their separate ways. Sailing south again, he set about clawing his way back up the pirate ranks by seizing ever larger ships.
Capture and execution.
Vane's final blow came after his ship was wrecked in a storm in February 1719, separating him from his consort, Robert Deal. One of the only survivors, Vane was washed up on an uninhabited island in the Bay of Honduras. Eventually a ship arrived, but unfortunately for Vane it was commanded by an old acquaintance and former buccaneer Captain Holford. Holford would not rescue Vane from the island stating:
Charles, I shan't trust you aboard my ship, unless I carry you a prisoner; for I shall have you plotting with my men, knock me on the head and run away with my ship a pirating.
Before departing, Holford stated that he would be back on the island in a month, and threatened that if he found Vane still there, he would take him back to Jamaica and hang him. Another ship soon arrived and as none of the crew recognized Vane he was allowed on board. Unluckily, Captain Holford's ship met with this ship at sea, and the captain of Vane's ship invited Holford, a friend of his, to dine with him. While there, Holford saw Vane working aboard and informed the captain who Vane truly was. The captain quickly relinquished Vane to Captain Holford who locked him in his hold and promptly turned him over to the authorities in Jamaica. It is unclear why Vane seems to have been imprisoned for over a year before the trial. Vane may have been marooned longer than the few weeks recorded, or there may have been distant witnesses to gather once he was captured. Most likely his reputation had earned the disdain of pirates, royal mariners and the public at large and they wanted him to rot in gaol before being executed. During his trial, he was found guilty and sentenced to death on March 22, 1720. At his trial, numerous witnesses from merchant vessels captured by Vane testified against him, as did Vincent Pearse, Captain of the HMS "Phoenix", who related how Vane had made a mockery of the King's pardon. When it was Vane's turn to present his defense, he called no witnesses and asked no questions. On March 29, 1721, Vane was hanged at Gallows Point in Port Royal. He died without expressing remorse for his crimes. After death, his body was hung from a gibbet on Gun Cay, at the mouth of harbor at Port Royal, as a warning against piracy.

</doc>
<doc id="5988166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988166" title="Battsengel">
Battsengel

Battsengel (, Firm happiness) is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia. Battsengel is home to approximately 3,842 inhabitants. The 12 Year Secondary School won an award for best school of Arkhangai Aimag in 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="5988167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988167" title="Secalin">
Secalin

Secalin is a prolamin glyco-protein found in the grain rye, "Secale cereale". 
Secalin is one of the forms of gluten proteins that people with coeliac disease cannot tolerate, and thus rye should be avoided by people with this disease. It is generally recommended that such people follow a gluten free diet.
In bread making with rye flour, this protein requires exposure to an acid such as lactic acid so that the bread will rise. This is usually achieved with a sourdough ferment.

</doc>
<doc id="5988168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988168" title="Bulgan, Arkhangai">
Bulgan, Arkhangai

Bulgan () is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988169" title="Oliver O'Donovan">
Oliver O'Donovan

Oliver O'Donovan (born 1945) FBA FRSE is a scholar known for his work in the field of Christian ethics. He has also made contributions to political theology, both contemporary and historical.
Life.
O'Donovan is currently the Professor of Christian Ethics and Practical Theology at the School of Divinity, New College, Edinburgh, a position which he has held since the summer of 2006 (and which had been vacant since July 2005 when the former holder the Rev'd Professor William Storrar left to head up the Center for Theological Inquiry at Princeton). At New College he is also an associate director of the Centre for Theology and Public Issues. Previously O'Donovan was Regius Professor of Moral and Pastoral Theology and Canon of Christ Church at the University of Oxford (1982–2006). Before that he taught at Wycliffe Hall, Oxford (1972–77) and at Wycliffe College, Toronto (1977–82). His doctoral thesis on the problem of self-love in St Augustine was completed under both Henry Chadwick at Oxford and Paul Ramsey at Princeton. He is a past President of the Society for the Study of Christian Ethics.
In 2001 he delivered the Stob Lectures at Calvin Theological Seminary, in 2007 he delivered the New College Lectures at New College, University of New South Wales, and in 2008 he delivered a lecture at Princeton Theological Seminary upon receiving the Abraham Kuyper Prize for Excellence in Reformed Theology and Public Life.
O'Donovan is an ordained priest of the Church of England, and has been active in ecumenical dialogue as well as serving on the General Synod. He has been a Fellow of the British Academy since 2000 and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh since 2009. He has held distinguished visiting lectureships in the Universities of Durham and Cambridge, the Gregorian University in Rome, McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, St. Patricks College, Maynooth, the University of Hong Kong, and Fuller Theological Seminary, Pasadena, California.
In 1978 he married Joan Lockwood O'Donovan. They have jointly authored two books on the history of Christian political thought, and have two sons, Matthew and Paul.
Major works.
Resurrection and Moral Order (1986) This work provides a first attempt to defend the objectivity of Christian moral claims from the challenge of 'anti-foundationalism' (pvii) which O'Donovan tends to refer to as 'historicism'. O'Donovan distinguishes himself from Alasdair MacIntyre by opposing neo-Aristotelian virtue ethics (p18) and by arguing that MacIntyre's adoption of a more historical perspective cannot avoid ethical relativism (p221-222). O'Donovan's alternative is to ground an ethic of obedience in a natural moral order. Importantly, however, a 'true understanding' of this moral order can only be achieved 'in Christ' (p14-15 and 89).
The Desire of the Nations (1996).
The Ways of Judgment (2008).
Publications.
Books
Booklets
Sourcebooks
Essays and Articles

</doc>
<doc id="5988173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988173" title="Chuluut, Arkhangai">
Chuluut, Arkhangai

Chuluut, Rocky is a sum (district) in the Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia. It is named after the Chuluut River.

</doc>
<doc id="5988174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988174" title="Cornelius O'Brien (bishop)">
Cornelius O'Brien (bishop)

Cornelius O'Brien (May 4, 1843 – March 9, 1906) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest, archbishop, and author of 39 books.
Life.
Born in New Glasgow, Prince Edward Island, the son of Terence O’Brien and Catherine O’Driscoll, O'Brien graduated from Urban College and in 1871 was ordained a priest. 
In 1882, he was appointed Archbishop of Halifax, Nova Scotia. He followed Michael Hannan in this position. 
He established a Catholic high school (1888) and Holy Heart Seminary (1896), both in Halifax and helped to found the French-language Collège Sainte Anne (1890) in Pointe-de-l'Église, Nova Scotia. 
In 1894 he delivered a eulogy for the Rt. Hon. Sir John Thompson, a former Premier of Nova Scotia and the first Catholic Prime Minister of Canada. 
From 1896 to 1897, he was president of the Royal Society of Canada.
He died in Halifax on 9 March 1906.
He was buried in the Holy Cross Cemetery, Halifax. 

</doc>
<doc id="5988177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988177" title="Ikh-Tamir">
Ikh-Tamir

Ikh-Tamir (, Great tamir) is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia. The Tamir River passes through the sum.

</doc>
<doc id="5988178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988178" title="Illinois Music Educators Association">
Illinois Music Educators Association

The Illinois Music Educators Association (IMEA) is the Illinois of . A professional organization, IMEA has the mission to promote lifelong music learning and provide leadership for music education.
IMEA Goals:
1) to develop its members capacities to address complex educational challenges and achieve teaching excellence.
2) to influence decisions, policies and practices to support quality teaching, learning and access to music education.
3) to sponsor unique musical experiences for students that promote excellence and inspire a lifelong commitment to the Art of Music….composing, performing, and listening.
Students audition to perform in an IMEA ensemble (band, chorus, orchestra, jazz band or vocal jazz ensemble) within one of nine geographic districts. Based on that audition, Senior Level (high school) students may be invited to participate in the annual Illinois All-State Music Conference. Any orchestra or band instrument or voice part can be used in an audition. At the junior high level, students audition to perform in an IMEA band, orchestra, choir or jazz band in one of the nine geographic districts. To be eligible, student musicians must be active members, in good standing, in the appropriate music ensemble at their school.
IMEA divides Illinois into nine geographic districts. In each district, students are selected to perform in various ensembles. The various high school music teachers in the districts are shuffled within the district to judge the students. A number of these participants are chosen from each district to perform in IMEA's state event, held in Peoria.
Repertoire.
The IMEA guest conductors select different music for each year's event. However, some ensembles reuse certain pieces as a matter of tradition.
Orchestra.
These pieces are rotated every four years.

</doc>
<doc id="5988182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988182" title="Lawrence Manor">
Lawrence Manor

Lawrence Manor is a neighbourhood in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The neighbourhood is bounded by Bathurst Street on the east, Highway 401 to the north, the Allen to the west, and Lawrence Avenue to the south. It is home to a large population of Orthodox Jews, as well as a large Filipino population.
The western side of the area borders along Bathurst Heights and the large public housing project.
The community is home a number of Orthodox Jewish organizations and religious centres:
Retail stores line much of the area on the west side of Bathurst Street south of Highway 401 to just north of Lawrence Avenue West. Lawrence Plaza at Bathurst and Lawrence caters to the area and opened in 1953. On the side streets west of Bathurst is mainly residential single homes and low rise apartments. The area east of Bathurst to Yonge are home to the more wealthier part of Lawrence Manor. The area was developed by the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation in the 1940s.
Baycrest Hospital is located within Lawrence Manor.
Transportation.
Area is served by the Toronto Transit Commission's 7 Bathurst and 52 Lawrence West bus routes. Within walking distance is Yorkdale and Lawrence West subway stations.
Major streets in the area (Bathurst Street and Lawrence Avenue West) are heavily congested with rush hour traffic. There are the two highways in the neighbourhood, Allen Road and Highway 401, that are accessed via onramps from Bathurst Street, Allen Road and Yorkdale Road. While some of the traffic is local, some drivers are passing into or through the neighbourhood.
Politics.
At the federal and provincial level the area is within the riding of Eglinton—Lawrence (formerly in the federal riding of Eglinton and provincially within Oakwood). The current MP and MPP are Conservative Joe Oliver and Liberal Mike Colle respectively. At Toronto City Council it is represented by Wards 15 councillor Josh Colle (and son of local MPP).
During the period of Metro Toronto, the area was under the Metro Ward of North York Centre South. On North Yorl Council

</doc>
<doc id="5988185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988185" title="Jargalant, Arkhangai">
Jargalant, Arkhangai

Jargalant (, Leisurely/happiness) is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988186" title="Khairkhan">
Khairkhan

Khairkhan (, "mountain") is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988187" title="Hangai, Arhangai">
Hangai, Arhangai

Hangai () is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.
The territory is dominated by Khangai Mountain Range, and is known for its vegetation. It includes several bio-zones including mountain and mountain steppe zones, and Siberian taiga forest. Species in the area include the elk, Siberian roe deer, wolf, fox, wild boar, ibex, lynx and brown bear.

</doc>
<doc id="5988188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988188" title="Calmodulin-binding proteins">
Calmodulin-binding proteins

Calmodulin-binding proteins are, as their name implies, proteins which bind calmodulin.
Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="5988189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988189" title="Khashaat">
Khashaat

Khashaat (, "fenced") is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia. The economy is based on herding. Khashaat is primarily known for several monuments left by an ancient Turkic empire. Khashaat's terrain is steppe, with no woodland, unlike many other sums in Arkhangai.

</doc>
<doc id="5988192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988192" title="Khotont">
Khotont

Khotont () is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988195" title="S/2006 S 1">
S/2006 S 1

S/2006 S 1 is a natural satellite of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006 from observations taken between January 4 and April 30, 2006.
S/2006 S 1 is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,930.2 Mm in 972.407 days, at an inclination of 154.2° to the ecliptic (175.4° to Saturn's equator), in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.1303.

</doc>
<doc id="5988196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988196" title="Tariat">
Tariat

Tariat (, crop) is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988197" title="Blonde d'Aquitaine">
Blonde d'Aquitaine

Blonde d'Aquitaine is a breed of beef cattle originating from the Aquitaine district in south west of France embracing the area of the Garonne valley and the Pyrenees. The breed is a combination of three local strains, the Garonnais, the Quercy, and the Blonde des Pyrenees. Blondes were predominantly draught animals until the end of the Second World War. This resulted in their muscle development, hardiness and docility. In the latter half of the 20th Century the breed was proliferated to other parts of Europe and overseas, establishing major breeding populations in Canada, Australia and The United States. They were always hardy, lean animals with light but strong bone structure. Blondes show some variation of color ranging from almost white to tan.
Blondes are the third most popular beef breed in France behind Charolais and Limousin.

</doc>
<doc id="5988200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988200" title="Ögii nuur, Arkhangai">
Ögii nuur, Arkhangai

Ögii nuur (, Ogii lake) is a sum (district) in the east of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia, near the confluence of the Tamir and Orkhon rivers. The sum is named after Ögii Lake. The administrative center is located some 100 km from Tsetserleg.

</doc>
<doc id="5988204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988204" title="Ölziit, Arkhangai">
Ölziit, Arkhangai

Ölziit (, Blessed) is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia. There is a concrete bridge over the Orkhon River just east of the sum center.

</doc>
<doc id="5988206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988206" title="MHV">
MHV

MHV may refer to:
Mhv may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5988211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988211" title="Kari (moon)">
Kari (moon)

Kari ( ; in Icelandic, ), or Saturn XLV (provisional designation S/2006 S 2), is a natural satellite of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January and April 2006.
Kari is about 7 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 22,305.1 Mm in 1243.71 days, at an inclination of 148.4° to the ecliptic (151.5° to Saturn's equator), in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.3405. The rotation period has been determined to 7 hours and 42 minutes. 
It was named in April 2007 after Kári, son of Fornjót, the personification of wind in Norse mythology.

</doc>
<doc id="5988212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988212" title="Hill Holliday">
Hill Holliday

Hill Holliday is a full-service marketing and communications agency based in Boston, Mass. with offices in Greenville, Miami, and New York City. Hill Holliday is the 14th largest advertising agency in the U.S. and is part of the world's third largest advertising and marketing conglomerate, IPG.
Karen Kaplan currently serves as Chairman and CEO of the agency, having worked there since 1982 when she was hired as a receptionist. She has been named one of the "100 Most Influential Women in Advertising" by Advertising Age.
Hill Holliday was founded in Boston in 1968 as Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos, Inc. by partners Jack Connors, Jay Hill, Steve Cosmopulos and Alan Holliday. It was acquired by IPG in 1998.
Hill Holliday's client roster includes: Cadillac, Bank of America, Chili's, Clark, Dunkin' Donuts, Great Wolf Lodge, Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, John Hancock, Major League Baseball, Merrell, Necco, Novartis, (RED), Verizon Wireless, and Whole World Water.
Lance Jensen joined Hill Holliday as Chief Creative Officer in January 2011. Other members of the executive team include: Steve Andrews, Chief Financial Officer; Kerry Benson, Managing Director; Adam Cahill, Chief Digital Officer; Leslee Kiley, Managing Director; Graham Ritchie, Chief Strategy Officer; Ruthanne Russell, Chief Human Resources Officer; Cindy Stockwell, Chief Media Officer; and Chris Wallrapp, Chief Growth Officer.
The agency was named Media Magazine’s full-service Agency of the Year for 2011 and 2012, and is the only agency to win Adweek’s Media Plan of the Year four years in a row.
Notable Work.
Dunkin Donuts - America Runs on Dunkin
Bank of America - Life's Better When We're Connected
Cigna - GO YOU

</doc>
<doc id="5988213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988213" title="Öndör-Ulaan">
Öndör-Ulaan

Öndör Ulaan (, "high red") is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988216" title="Milneburg, New Orleans">
Milneburg, New Orleans

Milneburg is a neighborhood of the city of New Orleans. A subdistrict of the Gentilly District Area, its boundaries as defined by the City Planning Commission are: Leon C. Simon Drive to the north, People's Avenue to the east, Filmore Avenue to the south and Elysian Fields Avenue to the west, putting it within the 8th Ward of New Orleans. The Milneburg neighborhood takes its name from Milneburg, a historic town and neighborhood formerly located a short distance north of the modern neighborhood.
Geography.
Milneburg is located at and has an elevation of . According to the United States Census Bureau, the district has a total area of . of which is land and (0.0%) of which is water.
Boundaries.
The City Planning Commission defines the boundaries of Milneburg as these streets: Leon C. Simon Drive, People's Avenue, Filmore Avenue and Elysian Fields Avenue.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 5,640 people, 2,194 households, and 1,507 families residing in the neighborhood. The population density was 7,726 /mi² (2,968 /km²).
As of the census of 2010, there were 3,405 people, 1,337 households, and 873 families residing in the neighborhood.
Description.
About a mile south of Lake Pontchartrain lies the neighborhood of Milneburg. Its residents consist of University teachers from the University of New Orleans, single-family residents and retirees. The area also has many churches, a police station, and also a high school nearby.
The area around these sites is still sometimes referred to as Milneburg, but the term is more usually heard in reference to the historic place.
The neighborhood now designated as "Milneburg" by the New Orleans Planning Commission is actually to the south and inland of the historic Milneburg. The boundaries according to local tradition can vary, with some saying Milneburg is located in the area bordered by the streets of St. Roch, Elysian Fields, Filmore and Mexico, while others groups state the area is much larger, going from Leon C. Simon to Filmore, and Elysian Fields to Franklin.
The types of homes in the area vary but single-family dwellings are the most common. There were only a few shotgun doubles, a very popular style of housing in the city of New Orleans. The architectural styles of the homes would come under Louisiana Vernacular and Louisiana Victorian. Vernacular homes feature deep one and two story porches, high ceilings with columns, French doors with full-length windows and large shutters. Homes of this type are said to have either a Creole or Acadian influenced design. Victorian homes feature architectural details such as arches, large porches, and decorative millwork .
Like the majority of New Orleans, the neighborhood experienced major flooding due to the failure of the Federal levee system during Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Recovery has been gradual, but as of early 2012 a good number of houses and businesses are back.

</doc>
<doc id="5988217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988217" title="Luis Brión">
Luis Brión

Pedro Luis Brión (July 6, 1782, Curaçao—September 27, 1821, Curaçao) was a military officer who fought in the Venezuelan War of Independence. He rose to the rank of admiral in the navies of Venezuela and the old Republic of Colombia.
Early career.
He was baptized as "Phillipus Ludovicus Brion", son of the merchant Pierre Louis Brion and Marie Detrox, both from what is now Belgium. They arrived in Curaçao in 1777. In 1794 they sent their son to the Netherlands to complete his education. While he was there, he enlisted in the forces of the Batavian Republic to fight the British invasion of the northern Netherlands. He participated in the battles of Bergen (September 19, 1799) and Castricum (October 16, 1799). He was taken prisoner by the British but freed after a short time in the prisoner exchange under the Convention of Alkmaar.
On his return to Curaçao he took an active part in the revolutionary movement on the island, in September 1800. Shortly after his return the island was occupied by the British. He escaped from the British authorities, fleeing to the United States. There he studied naval science and business.
He returned to his native island in 1803 (since recovered by the Dutch Crown), dedicating himself to business. From 1803 to 1806 he led various actions to prevent the British reoccupation of the island. Nevertheless, the British occupied the island again in 1807, and Brión went into exile on the Swedish island of Saint Thomas. From here he continued to run his business and maritime interests.
In the war for Venezuelan independence.
In 1813 he took up the cause of Venezuelan independence and a year later Simón Bolívar made him captain of a frigate. In 1815 he went to England, where he acquired the 24-gun corvet "Dardo", with which he intended to aid the rebels of Cartagena de Indias. He rejoined Bolívar in Haiti. He was promoted to captain, and organized a squadron for expeditions to the coast of Venezuela. On May 2, 1816 he won his first victory over Spanish warships, in the Battle of Los Frailes. On the day of the victory, he was named admiral by Bolívar. Once the rebels were in control of the island of Margarita, the campaign was extended to Guayana (Venezuela).
In January 1817 Brión established the Admiralty and the Marine Corps. On August 3, 1817 he sailed up the Orinoco River with a squadron, fighting the Battle of Cabrián. In this battle he captured 14 of the 28 Spanish ships and took 1,500 prisoners. He liberated Guayana on November 5, 1817, and was named president of the Council of Government.
In 1819 he was again at Margarita, where he organized an expedition of 22 ships to attack the coast of New Granada, together with the land forces of General Mariano Montilla. They captured ports and the mouths of the Magdalena River, as well as the cities of Barranquilla and Santa Marta. However, differences with Montilla over how to conduct the operation led Brión to withdraw the fleet to Maracaibo in May 1821.
Death.
Brión suffered from tuberculosis, and because of the progression of the disease, he decided to return to his native island. He died there in 1821, the day after his arrival. He was buried in the family estate with honors appropriate to his rank. Later his remains were reinterred in the National Pantheon of Venezuela on April 10, 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="5988218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988218" title="Tsenkher">
Tsenkher

Tsenkher (, "blue") is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988223" title="S4 (Berlin)">
S4 (Berlin)

The S4 line number was used by the Berlin S-Bahn between December 1997 and June 2002. The line acted as a temporary route for the re-opened parts of the Berlin S-Bahn ring ("Ringbahn" in German) until the complete ring was fully re-opened in June 2002. The ring is now served by lines S41 (clockwise) and S42 (anti-clockwise).
Routes.
The S4 commenced service between Jungfernheide and Schönhauser Allee in December 1997, travelling along the re-opened section of the Berlin ring. In May 1998, the line was extended to Bernau. When the ring between Jungfernheide and Westhafen was completed in December 1999, the S4 was extended by an additional two stations. The final alteration to the route came in September 2001 when the line was cut back from Bernau to run for the first time as far as Gesundbrunnen. 
The line was removed from service in June 2002 when the final ring station, Wedding, was re-opened. The line was replaced by the S41 and S42 lines.
Station listings for the line can be seen from current lines such as the S2 (Bernau-Gesundbrunnen), the S41 and S42 (for the Ring section of the line).

</doc>
<doc id="5988229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988229" title="S/2006 S 3">
S/2006 S 3

S/2006 S 3 is a natural satellite of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006 from observations taken between January and April 2006.
S/2006 S 3 is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 21,076.3 Mm in 1142.366 days, at an inclination of 150.8° to the ecliptic (128.8° to Saturn's equator), in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.4710.

</doc>
<doc id="5988237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988237" title="Cândido de Oliveira">
Cândido de Oliveira

Cândido Plácido Fernandes de Oliveira (24 September 1896 — 23 June 1958) was a Portuguese football player, coach, and sports journalist.
Oliveira was educated at Casa Pia. He played for Sport Lisboa e Benfica from 1911 to 1920, moving then to Casa Pia Atlético Clube in 1920, of which he was one of the founders. He had his only cap for the Portuguese national team, in the first game ever of the "Selecção das Quinas", on 18 December 1921, a 1–3 loss to Spain in Madrid, a game which he captained.
Oliveira was also a successful coach of Sporting Clube de Portugal, and was in charge, for several times, of the Portuguese national squad.
He was one of the founders of the sports newspaper "A Bola" in 1945. He also published several books about football.
His opposition to the Portuguese fascist regime landed him several stays in prison, including an imprisonment at the infamous Tarrafal prison.
He died on June 23, 1958 in Stockholm, Sweden of lung disease when he was covering the 1958 FIFA World Cup for "A Bola". He felt ill a few days before, and even received hospital care, but his spirit of mission brought him back to the stadiums and when he returned to the hospital it was too late. The Portuguese SuperCup is named Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="5988238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988238" title="I20">
I20

I20 or I-20 may refer to:
I 20 is a Swedish regimental designation (20th Infantry Regiment) that has been used by the following units:

</doc>
<doc id="5988241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988241" title="Chuluut River">
Chuluut River

Chuluut River (, "stony river") is a river flowing through the valleys of the Khangai Mountains in central Mongolia, and a tributary of the Ider River. It is 415 km long, the width at the mouth into the Ider river is 80 m, the maximum depth is 3 m. It is usually frozen from November to April.
References.
M.Nyamaa, "Khövsgöl aimgiin lavlakh toli", Ulaanbaatar 2001

</doc>
<doc id="5988244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988244" title="Greip (moon)">
Greip (moon)

Greip , or Saturn LI (provisional designation S/2006 S 4), is a natural satellite of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January 5 and May 1, 2006.
Greip is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,066 Mm in 906.556 days, at an inclination of 172.7° to the ecliptic (159.2° to Saturn's equator), in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.3735.
It is named after Greip, a giantess in Norse mythology.

</doc>
<doc id="5988246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988246" title="Constitution of Somaliland">
Constitution of Somaliland

The Constitution of Somaliland was adopted by the Houses of the Parliament of Somaliland on 30 April 2000. The constitution was approved in a referendum held on May 31, 2001 when 97% of the voters voted in its favour. Its re-published version consists of a Preamble (Arar) and five main chapters (Qaybo) each of which is sub-divided into Parts (Xubno). There is now a total of 130 Articles (Qodobo) as compared to the previous 156 Articles.
History.
Somaliland has had other constitutional documents of historical importance which range from the international treaties signed by the various Somaliland communities with the British government, and the various constitutional arrangements prior to independence in 1960 to the Declaration of Re-assertion of Sovereignty in 1991 (in Burao) at one of the earliest grand conferences of the Somaliland communities. Although the Republic of Somaliland was independent for a short period in June 1960, it later unified with Italian Somaliland to form Somalia. During that short period no comprehensive constitution was adopted. The State of Somaliland had its own Constitution which was drafted in early 1960, and was briefly in place. 
The first main Constitutional document of the independent Somaliland was the National Charter (Axdi Qaran), which was signed by the Conference of the Somaliland Communities in 1993 in Borama. This was followed by the first Somaliland constitution, which was adopted at the conference of the Somaliland Communities in Hargeisa in February 1997. Under article 151, the constitution shall be implemented for a period of three years from its approval in February 1997 and shall come into force fully once a referendum has been held. There was a provision for this interim period to be increased by the two Houses of Parliament, and in early 2000, the two Houses voted that the period be increased by one year. This was primarily to give more time for the completion of the revision of the constitution (before its submission to the nation at a Referendum) and for putting in place the laws and mechanisms for changing the current “representative” democracy in Somaliland to a popular democracy based on the direct elections of the President of Somaliland and the Parliament of Somaliland.
Although initially the Somaliland government proposed fairly extensive amendments to the constitution in 1999, the final revised constitution is not very different from the last one and the reduction of the number of articles from 156 to 130 has been largely achieved by the amalgamation of some articles, rather than by extensive repeals. Unlike the earlier draft proposals, the parts of the constitution relating to directive principles and to human rights have all been retained. On the whole, the revisions tidied up the constitution and no fundamental changes have been made.

</doc>
<doc id="5988254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988254" title="Khangai Mountains">
Khangai Mountains

The Khangai mountains (Mongolian : Хангайн нуруу) are a mountain range in central Mongolia, some 400 kilometres west of Ulaanbaatar.
Name.
"Khangai" has become a generally used term by Mongolians to describe the entire lush forest-steppe area to the north as opposed to the southern desert, which is called "Govi" (Gobi). The intermediary steppe area is called "Kheer" or "Tal". The word Khangai is composed of the verb "khanga-" which means "provide, supply with necessities" and the Mongolian nominalizing suffix "-ai". The word Khan (King) is also a possible root, probably even related to the verb "khanga-". Therefore Khangai is usually interpreted as "provident lord", "munificent king", "generous gracious lord" or "bountiful king". The ancient name denotes the sacredness of the mountain and the special place it holds in the hearts of those who depend on it. A similar Mongolian word for sacred mountains is "Khairkhan" which means loving king (for example Asralt Khairkhan, a particularly intimate name meaning "caring loving king"). Its forbidden to say the name of a Khairkhan when the mountain is in view. If the mountain is in view, it should simply be called Khairkhan, not its full name. This strict custom applies in all regions of Mongolia. Any mountain or hill that is pleasing to the sight or in any other way pleasant is praised with the words "that is indeed a special Khairkhan" or "what a majestic Khairkhan!" etc. Any area of the mountainous forest-steppe region understood alone or along with all that it contains (rivers, springs, plants, animals) may be praised with the words "that is indeed a great Khangai" or "there is no denying that that is a unique Khangai!" etc.
Two provinces of Mongolia are named after the Khangai mountains: Arkhangai ("Northern Khangai") and Ovorkhangai ("Southern Khangai"). The mild climate area where the two provinces meet (eastern Khangai) is known as the cradle of Mongolian and nomadic civilization. The plains at the foot of the eastern Khangai host the Orkhon Valley World Heritage Site. The Xiongnu (209BC - 93AD) capital Luut Khot (Lungcheng), the Xianbei (93AD -234 AD) capital Ordo and the Rouran (330-555) capital Moomt (Mume) are said to have been located there. Later empires also established their capitals there, for example the Uyghur Empire (745-840) built their capital Ordu-Baliq in the region.
Features.
The tallest mountain is the Otgontenger ("lit." ""youngest sky""), the height of which is given as 3,905, 4,021, and 4,031 m depending on the source. It is one of the four paramount sacred mountains of Mongolia. State ceremonies are held there.
Suvraga Khairkhan ("Stupa Khairkhan", height 3,117m) is another sacred mountain to the east of Tsetserleg. 
Khorgo is an extinct volcanic field on the northern slopes of the Khangai Mountains. 
The mountains feed the rivers Orkhon, Selenge, Ider, Zavkhan and the lakes Orog and Böön tsagaan. In the west the Khangai mountains transition into the Great Lakes Depression. 
The Khangai mountain region is known for its mild microclimates in certain areas. Winters there are not as harsh as in other parts of the country. As noted in Brzezniak and Niedzwiedz's "Vertical Variability of Climatic Conditions in the Khangai Mountains" p. 34:

</doc>
<doc id="5988258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988258" title="Loge (moon)">
Loge (moon)

Loge ( or spelling pronunciation ), or Saturn XLVI (provisional designation S/2006 S 5), is a natural satellite of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January and April 2006.
Loge is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 23,142.0 Mm in 1314.364 days, at an inclination of 166.5° to the ecliptic (165.3° to Saturn's equator), in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.1390.
It was named in April 2007, after Loge (also spelled Logi), a fire giant from Norse mythology, son of Fornjót, sometimes confused with the god Loki. These two figures were merged into Loge in Richard Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen.

</doc>
<doc id="5988269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988269" title="Roller sport">
Roller sport

Roller sports are sports that use "human powered vehicles" which use rolling either by gravity or various pushing techniques. Typically ball bearings and polyurethane wheels are used for momentum and traction respectively, and attached to devices or "vehicles" that the roller puts his weight on. The international governing body is the International Roller Sports Federation (FIRS).
It includes the following sports, disciplines and events:

</doc>
<doc id="5988270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988270" title="Khanui River">
Khanui River

Khanui River () is a river flowing down through the valleys of the Khangai Mountains in central Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988271" title="Jarnsaxa (moon)">
Jarnsaxa (moon)

Jarnsaxa ( ), also known as Saturn L (provisional designation S/2006 S 6), is a natural satellite of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January 5 and April 29, 2006.
Jarnsaxa is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 18,556.9 Mm in 943.784 days, at an inclination of 162.9° to the ecliptic (164.1° to Saturn's equator), in a retrograde direction and with an eccentricity of 0.1918. It is a member of the Norse group of irregular satellites.
It is named after Járnsaxa, a giantess in Norse mythology.
References.
Jarnsaxa was named by Alisha Toporski (aged 8 years at the time), daughter of a colleague of Scott Sheppard.

</doc>
<doc id="5988281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988281" title="Claude Ledoux (composer)">
Claude Ledoux (composer)

Claude Ledoux is a Belgian composer, born in 1960.
Biography.
After obtaining a science diploma, Ledoux turned to music and studied at the "Conservatoire de Liège" where he met Jean-Louis Robert, Philippe Boesmans, Frederic Rzewski and Henri Pousseur. He also carried out research into electronic music in the CRFMW studio with Patrick Lenfant.
Afterwards, Ledoux pursued his education abroad, notably in Hungary (a Béla Bartók seminar), in Italy (in Bolzano and Venice) where he participated in a seminar by György Ligeti and finally in Paris where he lived for two years on the occasion of IRCAM courses. At the same time, he studied composition with Iannis Xenakis at the University of Paris I.
Competitions won.
As a composer he won several competitions (including Lille, Paris and Lausanne). In 2003 he received the Musical Prize from the Civitella Ranieri Foundation of New York for his recent works. His music has been performed in many towns in Europe (Brussels Musica, Paris Présences, L’Itinéraire, Intercontemporain..., Strasbourg Berlin [WDR, Philharmonie) and in Ukraine and Russia. He has performed in North America (with the Colorado Orchestra and the Symphonic Orchestra of Montreal) and Asia (Vietnam, Japan). Latterly, Claude Ledoux has been the composer in residence at the "Ensemble Musiques Nouvelles" (Belgium: 1998-2000), subsequently at the Castello of Umbria (Italy: 2003). Nowadays, he is composer in residence at the Brussels Bozar (2008-2009).
Asian researches.
Due to his passion for Asian sounds, he travelled in several eastern countries in order to undertake research and to learn the traditional art of music. In 1992, he first went through India where he learned ethnic music from the Himalayan slopes to the Rajasthan desert. In 1996, he received a grant from the SPES Foundation to pursue his studies about oriental music in Vietnam, Cambodia and Indonesia. Recently he travelled in Japan (2004) with his wife Nao Momitani, where he went deeper into his knowledge of Nô, Bunraku and Kyôgen.
Claude Ledoux earned a Master in Communication from the University of Liège. Nowadays, he works as a musical journalist as well as a Musical Analysis professor at the "Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris" (France) and Composition professor at the "Ecole Supérieure des Arts, Conservatoire de Mons" (Belgium). Summer 2008, he taught Musical analysis of contemporary music at the Universities of São Paulo and Campinas (Brazil).
He is also member of the The Royal Academies for Science and the Arts of Belgium since 2006.
With the composers Michel Fourgon and Denis Bosse, he has founded in 1998 the "Atelier Musicien", a place of creations, experiment and reflexions between composers and performers.
List of principal works.
Orchestra :
Chamber ensemble :
Chamber Music :
Solo instrument (or solo instrument and live electronics) :
Vocal music :

</doc>
<doc id="5988285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988285" title="Surtur (moon)">
Surtur (moon)

Surtur ( ), or Saturn XLVIII (provisional designation S/2006 S 7), is a natural satellite of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on June 26, 2006 from observations taken between January and April 2006. It was named after Surtr, a leader of the fire giants of Norse mythology.
Surtur is about 6 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 22,243.6 Mm in 1238.575 days. The Surtian orbit is retrograde, at an inclination of 166.9° to the ecliptic (148.9° to Saturn's equator) and with an eccentricity of 0.3680.

</doc>
<doc id="5988290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988290" title="Lucian Grigorescu">
Lucian Grigorescu

Lucian Grigorescu (; February 1, 1894, Medgidia – October 28, 1965, Bucharest) was a Romanian post-impressionist painter.
In 1948, he was elected to the Romanian Academy. 

</doc>
<doc id="5988291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988291" title="Newlyn riots">
Newlyn riots

The Newlyn riots were a major civil disturbance that occurred in Newlyn, Cornwall, UK on the three days beginning 18 May 1896 (Monday to Wednesday); it arose from the local fishery and the trade in fish.
Background.
In the late 19th century the fishing port of Newlyn was home to one of the UK's largest fishing fleets, and was also the regular landing port for many other fishing vessels operating off the Cornish coast. At the time Newlyn was also the home to as many as five Methodist and Non-Conformist religious groups, whose congregations included the local fishermen, most of whom practised a ban on fish being landed on the Sabbath. The non-Cornish fishing crews, largely from Lowestoft and northern English ports, did not hold the same opinions about Sabbath observation, and would frequently land fish on a Sunday attracting higher prices for their fish than those sold on a weekday.
Early clashes.
The riots began in the early morning of Monday 18 May when a group of up to 40 Newlyn fishermen, supported by a mob of around 1,000 others, boarded the boats of "East" (of Cornwall) fishermen moored in Newlyn Harbour and destroyed their catches. By mid-morning some 16 boats had been seized and approximately 100,000 mackerel thrown overboard. By midday messages were sent to the fishing communities of St Ives, Mousehole and Porthleven for help in intercepting the further 100 non-Cornish fishing vessels still at sea in the area.
Police mobilisation.
Within minutes of the riot's beginning, a message was sent to the county police station at Chyandour in Penzance asking for assistance, and by mid-morning a large number of police had assembled from all parts of west Cornwall. Since an estimated 100 Lowestoft vessels were still at sea a small steamer was dispatched, containing the Newlyn harbour master, to advise them of the situation; the steamer was duly chased by a local trawler. By late afternoon the Porthleven fleet arrived in support of the Newlyn men.
Rioting.
The next day the police and local fisherman exchanged in a number of violent encounters around Newlyn Harbour. The only recorded injury was to local Police Inspector Matthews, who was knocked on the head by a fish box. As the rioting continued seven "Yorkie" vessels were sighted making for Penzance harbour to land their catches there. Around 300 of the rioters then made for that harbour and were met by a detachment of the Penzance Borough police, supported by a group of local Penzance youths. The strong resistance met on arrival in Penzance forced the rioters to return to Newlyn.
Military arrival.
By mid-afternoon the situation had become so serious that the local authorities asked for military assistance. At 6:00 pm 400 soldiers from the Royal Berkshire Regiment under Major Massard arrived by train at Penzance railway station and made for temporary barracks in Penzance to await orders.
Rioting spreads.
Around 8:00 pm a considerable riot broke out between the Newlyn, Porthleven and St Ives men, and the men of Penzance supported by the men of Lowestoft, who had by this time managed to land their catches. Around 100 police of both the Penzance and Cornwall forces attempted to intervene but were beaten back, this leading the police to summon the assistance of the military recently stationed in Penzance. The soldiers immediately made for Newlyn, again joined by several hundred Penzance men, and, upon crossing Newlyn bridge, were met with stone throwing. The soldiers then made for the Harbour and occupied the piers. While this was occurring the torpedo boat destroyer HMS "Ferret" entered the harbour. The arrival of the military calmed the rioters, and by midnight that day they had largely dispersed.

</doc>
<doc id="5988294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988294" title="Tamir River">
Tamir River

The Tamir () is a river flowing through the valleys of the Khangai Mountains in central Mongolia. It is a main tributary of the Orkhon River.

</doc>
<doc id="5988295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988295" title="Clanton Park, Toronto">
Clanton Park, Toronto

Clanton Park, sometimes referred to as Dublin Heights or Wilson Heights, is a neighbourhood in the North York area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is part of federal and provincial electoral district York Centre, and Toronto electoral wards 9: York Centre (West) and 10: York Centre (East). In 2006, it had a population of 13,035.
It is bordered on the north by Sheppard Avenue West, on the west by the Downsview Airport whose border includes Wilson Heights Boulevard (north part) and Dufferin Street (south part), on the east by Bathurst Street, and on the south by Highway 401.
The neighbourhood is one of the largest Jewish areas of the city, but also contains a large number of residents of Italian, Filipino, and Russian origin. The housing ranges from 1950s bungalow style homes to new medium rise condominiums. There is some low income high rise housing.
Clanton Park is sandwiched between Downsview Park, formerly CFB Downsview, and Earl Bales Park, named after a former reeve of North York. It also contains several smaller parks.
History.
William Duncan, a linen merchant from Ireland, settled a farm near the crossroads of Sheppard Avenue and Dufferin Street in 1827. A crossroads village was named Dublin after this farm. A general store was constructed in the late 1830s. Duncan built the one-room Dublin schoolhouse in 1872.
The neighbourhood became part of the Township of North York which later became a borough and then a city, and was then incorporated into the city of Toronto.
A large tract of land between Wilson Heights Boulevard and Faywood Boulevard that formerly belonged to the Downsview airport was developed into housing around the 1990s.
Schools.
There are two Toronto District School Board public schools; Dublin Heights Elementary and Middle School (the former Wilson Heights Junior High school was merged with Dublin Elementary School to form Dublin Heights in 1980) and Faywood Arts-Based Curriculum School.
St. Robert Catholic School, a Toronto Catholic school is located on Bainbridge Avenue. In 1969 the original school consisted of 10 classrooms, a library and had a total of 194 students. As the area grew, the enrolment increased and the need for a larger school developed. In 1973 enrolment grew to 346 students. The school was divided into two schools to accommodate the increase. St. Robert School South remained at 70 Bainbridge while St. Robert School North shared facilities with another school. In 1980 the north and south campuses of St. Robert Schools joined together on Sheppard Avenue. In 2004 St. Robert returned to a brand new facility on its original location on Bainbridge Avenue.
A private school, The Toronto Heschel School, is also located in the neighbourhood, occupying a building that formerly housed Dublin Elementary (until 1980) and then St. Robert Catholic School and Hudson College.
Notable buildings.
The Beth David Synagogue, designed by Irving Grossman in 1959, is an example of cast concrete construction. The reliefs on the large concrete panels were designed by Canadian Artist Graham Coughtry. The Neil Family Cottage, built circa 1900 and moved to its current location circa 1910 appears on Toronto's inventory of heritage properties.
The neighbourhood used to be home to the Anglican Church of the Apostles on Sheppard Avenue until it was closed in 2012.
Transportation.
The neighbourhood is served by two subway stations, Downsview and Wilson, as well as several TTC bus routes. The Allen Expressway and Highway 401 are adjacent to the neighbourhood.
Demographics.
Clanton Park’s top ten ethnic and cultural groups (by ancestry) in 2006:
The percentage of population below the poverty line dropped from 24% (in 1996) to 21% (in 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="5988298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988298" title="Skoll (moon)">
Skoll (moon)

Skoll ( ; Norse ) or Saturn XLVII (provisional designation S/2006 S 8) is a retrograde irregular satellite of Saturn. Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt and Jan Kleyna on June 26, 2006, from observations taken between January 5 and April 30, 2006.
Skoll is about 6 kilometres in diameter (assuming an albedo of 0.04) and orbits Saturn at an average distance of 17.6 Gm (million km) in 869 days, following a highly eccentric and moderately inclined orbit.
It was named in April 2007 after Sköll, a giant wolf from Norse mythology, son of Fenrisulfr and twin brother of Hati.

</doc>
<doc id="5988299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988299" title="Tamir">
Tamir

Tamir may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5988302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988302" title="Mullen Advertising">
Mullen Advertising

Mullen is an American advertising and marketing communications agency based in Boston, Massachusetts. One of its more notable campaigns was creating the Monster.com Super Bowl commercial "When I Grow Up". The agency has also earned critical acclaim for its viral film "Pac-Man Puppet Show". Mullen is a four-time winner of Adweek New England Agency of the Year. Joe Grimaldi is Mullen's CEO.
Mullen was founded in 1970 by Jim Mullen supported by the agency's original creative director, Paul Silverman (died August 10, 2009; see [http://www.adweek.com/aw/content_display/news/agency/e3ice2557e822899daad28e6b02f052771c]) and then-COO (Chief Operating Officer) Joe Grimaldi. Over the years, the company grew steadily into the 22nd largest agency in the United States. It is a leading independent brand within the Interpublic Group (IPG) of Companies. The agency provides creative, media, brand planning, direct-marketing,
interactive, design, public relations and marketing-to-women services for established brands and brands in transition.
In 2011 the agency was named to Ad Age's A list as the third best agency in the country. In the same year, Fast Company named Mullen to its top 10 innovative marketing and advertising companies.
The agency is headquartered at 40 Broad Street in Boston, where it moved on June 1, 2009, following 22 years in a manor house in Wenham, Massachusetts. In addition to its headquarters, Mullen has offices in Detroit, Pittsburgh and Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Mullen has published a cookbook authored by its former executive chef Liz Walkowicz, a Culinary Institute of America graduate whose daily gourmet meals were profiled in "U.S. News & World Report".
In May 2012 Mullen announced plans to open offices in San Francisco. The office will act as an extension of Mullen Boston under the direction of President Alex Leikikh and Chief Creative Officer Mark Wenneker

</doc>
<doc id="5988304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988304" title="Syderstone">
Syderstone

Syderstone is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, near the town of Fakenham.
It covers an area of and had a population of 532 in 224 households at the 2001 census.
For the purposes of local government, it falls within the district of King's Lynn and West Norfolk.
Its church, St. Mary's, is one of 124 round-tower churches in Norfolk.
It is famous for the Natterjack Toad which have been seen near the popular but overgrown duck pond. Syderstone is also known for its large common, which spans roughly . Much wildlife can be seen there including snakes, hares, rabbits and foxes.
In a field alongside the road that passes the duck pond there is a World War II Home Guard pill box. On a bright spring day in 1944 or 1945 two P-51 Mustangs collided over Barwick Hall Farm near Stanhoe. One of the Mustangs crashed on Syderstone Common, killing the pilot.
External links.
http://stanhoe.org/history/memories/crashes

</doc>
<doc id="5988307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988307" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1950">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1950

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1950 according to "Billboard magazine". Prior to the creation of the Hot 100, "Billboard" published multiple singles charts each week. In 1950, the following three charts were produced:

</doc>
<doc id="5988312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988312" title="Battle of Brown's Mill">
Battle of Brown's Mill

The Battle of Brown's Mill was fought July 30, 1864, in Coweta County, Georgia, during the Atlanta Campaign of the American Civil War. Edward M. McCook's Union cavalry, on a daring raid to sever communications and supply lines in south-central Georgia, was defeated near Newnan, Georgia, by Confederate forces under Joseph Wheeler. The failure of McCook's column and a concurrent ill-fated raid by George Stoneman forced William T. Sherman to lay siege to the city of Atlanta.
Background.
During the Atlanta Campaign, Gen. William T. Sherman, wanting to avoid the necessity of laying siege to the city, ordered two columns of Federal cavalry on a series of raids south of Atlanta in an attempt to cut off supply and communication lines. Maj. Gen. George Stoneman led the cavalry of the Army of the Ohio to the southeast, while Brig. Gen. Edward M. McCook’s First Division of the cavalry of the Army of the Cumberland was to sever railroads southwest of the city. He was to link with Stoneman and then seize the Andersonville prison camp and free the 32,000 prisoners held there. 
Crossing the Chattahoochee River on a pontoon bridge erected at Smith’s Ferry, McCook’s cavalrymen reached Palmetto, where they cut the Atlanta & West Point Railroad. They captured and burned over 1,000 Confederate supply wagons at Fayetteville on July 28. General McCook also gained a reputation for condoning and encouraging the destruction of civilian property. Early the next morning, his raiders reached Lovejoy’s Station, twenty-three miles south of Atlanta, and began wrecking the Macon & Western Railroad. However, McCook called off the raid and turned back across the river when Stoneman failed to appear as planned.
The Battle.
Nevertheless, as they tried to return to the main army, McCook’s division was attacked near Brown's Mill, three miles south of Newnan, by Confederate cavalry under Joseph Wheeler. McCook wanted to surrender, but instead let his officers lead their battalions out separately. McCook, thoroughly defeated, lost 1,285 men, 1,200 horses, several ambulances, and two pieces of spiked artillery, as well as 100 killed and wounded. Wheeler also freed some 300 Confederate prisoners that McCook had previously captured. Wheeler’s losses were 50 men.
Stoneman’s forces also met with disaster. General Stoneman was captured, becoming the highest ranking Union officer to be a prisoner of war during the Civil War. Many of his and McCook’s enlisted men ironically wound up in Andersonville, the target of their raid. Brown's Mill changed the course of the Atlanta Campaign, forcing Sherman to abandon his efforts to use cavalry to cut Atlanta's railroads and compelling him to begin a lengthy siege against his wishes.
McCook later took his remaining men northward into Tennessee when Sherman sent the Army of the Cumberland to chase John Bell Hood. McCook fought with distinction during the rest of the war, with his stunning defeat to a lesser force at Brown’s Mill the major blemish on his service record.

</doc>
<doc id="5988315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988315" title="Terkhiin Tsagaan Lake">
Terkhiin Tsagaan Lake

Terkhiin Tsagaan Lake () also known as White Lake is a lake in the Khangai Mountains in central Mongolia. The Khorgo volcano is located near the eastern end of the lake and the Suman River springs from lake.
In February, 2011, it was a featured get away location on CNN.com.

</doc>
<doc id="5988318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988318" title="Management of Parkinson's disease">
Management of Parkinson's disease

Treatment for Parkinson's Disease (PD), due to its chronic nature, requires broad-based management including patient and family education, support group services, general wellness maintenance, exercise, and nutrition. At present, there is no cure for PD, but medications or surgery can provide relief from the symptoms.
While many medications treat Parkinson's, none actually reverse the effects of the disease or cure it. Furthermore, the gold standard treatment varies with the disease state. People with Parkinson's therefore often must take a variety of medications to manage the disease's symptoms. Several medications currently in development seek to better address motor fluctuations and nonmotor symptoms of PD. However, none are yet on the market with specific approval to treat Parkinson's.
Pharmacologic.
The main families of drugs useful for treating motor symptoms are Levodopa, dopamine agonists and MAO-B inhibitors. The most commonly used treatment approach varies depending on the disease stage. Two phases are usually distinguished: an initial phase in which the individual with PD has already developed some disability for which he needs pharmacological treatment, and a second stage in which the patient develops motor complications related to levodopa usage. Treatment in the initial state aims to attain an optimal tradeoff between good management of symptoms and side-effects resulting from enhancement of dopaminergic function. The start of L-DOPA treatment may be delayed by using other medications such as MAO-B inhibitors and dopamine agonists, in the hope of causing the onset of dyskinesias to be retarded. In the second stage the aim is to reduce symptoms while controlling fluctuations of the response to medication. Sudden withdrawals from medication, and overuse by some patients, also have to be controlled. When medications are not enough to control symptoms, surgical techniques such as deep brain stimulation can relieve the associated movement disorders.
Levodopa.
Levodopa (or L-DOPA) has been the most widely used treatment for over 30 years. L-DOPA is transformed into dopamine in the dopaminergic neurons by dopa-decarboxylase. Since motor symptoms are produced by a lack of dopamine in the substantia nigra the administration of L-DOPA temporarily diminishes the motor symptomatology.
Only 5-10% of L-DOPA crosses the blood–brain barrier. The remaining is often metabolised to dopamine elsewhere, causing a wide variety of side effects including nausea, dyskinesias and stiffness. Carbidopa and benserazide are peripheral dopa decarboxylase inhibitors. They inhibit the metabolism of L-DOPA in the periphery thereby increasing levodopa delivery to the central nervous system. They are generally given as combination preparations with levodopa. Existing preparations are carbidopa/levodopa (co-careldopa, trade names "Sinemet", "Parcopa", "Atamet") and benserazide/levodopa (co-beneldopa, trade name "Madopar"). Levodopa has also been related to a dopamine dysregulation syndrome, which is a compulsive overuse of the medication, and punding.
There are controlled release versions of "Sinemet" and "Madopar" that spread out the effect of the levodopa. Duodopa is a combination of levodopa and carbidopa. Slow-release levodopa preparations have not shown an increased control of motor symptoms or motor complications when compared to immediate release preparations.
Tolcapone inhibits the catechol-O-methyltransferase COMT enzyme, which degrades dopamine and levadopa, thereby prolonging the therapeutic effects of levodopa. It, alongside inhibitors of peripheral dopa decarboxylase, have been used to complement levodopa. However, due to its possible side effects such as liver failure, it's limited in its availability. A similar drug, entacapone has not been shown to cause significant alterations of liver function and maintains adequate inhibition of COMT over time. Entacapone is available for treatment alone ("COMTan") or combined with carbidopa and levodopa ("Stalevo").
Levodopa results in a reduction in the endogenous formation of L-DOPA, and eventually becomes counterproductive. Levodopa preparations lead in the long term to the development of motor complications characterized by involuntary movements called dyskinesias and fluctuations in the response to medication. When this occurs PD patients change rapidly from stages with good response to medication and few symptoms ("on" state) to phases with no response to medication and important motor symptoms ("off" state). For this reason levodopa doses are kept as low as possible while maintaining functionality. Delaying the initiation of dopatherapy, using instead alternatives for some time, is also common practice. A former strategy to reduce motor complications was to withdraw patients from L-DOPA for some time. It is discouraged now since it can bring dangerous side effects such as neuroleptic malignant syndrome. Most people will eventually need levodopa and later develop motor complications.
The on-off phenomenon is an almost invariable consequence of sustained levodopa treatment in patients with Parkinson's disease. Phases of immobility and incapacity associated with depression alternate with jubilant thaws. Both pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic factors are involved in its pathogenesis, but evidence is presented to indicate that the importance of levodopa handling has been underestimated and that progressive reduction in the storage capacity of surviving nigrostriatal dopamine terminals is not a critical factor. Re-distribution of levodopa dosage which may mean smaller, more frequent doses, or larger less frequent increments, may be helpful in controlling oscillations in some patients. Dietary protein restriction, the use of selegiline hydrochloride and bromocriptine may also temporarily improve motor fluctuations. New approaches to management include the use of subcutaneous apomorphine, controlled-release preparations of levodopa with a peripheral dopa decarboxylase inhibitor and the continuous intra-duodenal administration of levodopa.
Dopamine agonists.
Dopamine agonists in the brain have a similar effect to levodopa since they bind to dopaminergic post-synaptic receptors. Dopamine agonists were initially used for patients experiencing on-off fluctuations and dyskinesias as a complementary therapy to levodopa but they are now mainly used on their own as an initial therapy for motor symptoms with the aim of delaying motor complications. When used in late PD they are useful at reducing the off periods. Dopamine agonists include bromocriptine, pergolide, pramipexole, ropinirole, piribedil, cabergoline, apomorphine, and lisuride.
Agonists produce significant, although mild, side effects including somnolence, hallucinations, insomnia, nausea, and constipation. Sometimes side effects appear even at a the minimal clinically efficacious dose, leading the physician to search for a different agonist or kind of drug. When compared with levodopa, while they delay motor complications they control worse symptoms. Nevertheless they are usually effective enough to manage symptoms in the initial years. They are also more expensive. Dyskinesias with dopamine agonists are rare in younger patients, but along other side effects more common in older patients. All this has led to agonists being the preferential initial treatment for the former as opposed to levodopa in the latter. Agonists at higher doses have also been related to a wide variety of impulse control disorders.
Apomorphine, which is a non-orally administered dopamine agonist, may be used to reduce off periods and dyskinesia in late PD. Since secondary effects such as confusion and hallucinations are not rare it has been recommended that patients under apomorphine treatment should be closely monitored. Apomorphine can be administered via subcutaneous injection using a small pump which is carried by the patient. A low dose is automatically administered throughout the day, reducing the fluctuations of motor symptoms by providing a steady dose of dopaminergic stimulation. After an initial "apomorphine challenge" in hospital to test its effectiveness and brief patient and primary caregiver (often a spouse or partner), the latter of whom takes over maintenance of the pump. The injection site must be changed daily and rotated around the body to avoid the formation of nodules. Apomorphine is also available in a more acute dose as an autoinjector pen for emergency doses such as after a fall or first thing in the morning. Nausea and vomiting are common, and may require domperidone (an antiemetic).
A study performed by the Cochrane review enrolled 5247 patients with early PD and evaluated the efficacy of dopamine agonists compared to levodopa. The results show that patients who took dopamine agonists were less likely to develop dyskinesia (p<0.00001), dystonia (p=0.0002), and motor fluctuations (p=0.002) although were more likely to discontinue therapy due to negative side effects such as nausea, edema, constipation, etc.
MAO-B inhibitors.
MAO-B inhibitors (Selegiline and rasagiline) increase the level of dopamine in the basal ganglia by blocking its metabolization. They inhibit monoamine oxidase-B (MAO-B) which breaks down dopamine secreted by the dopaminergic neurons. Therefore reducing MAO-B results in higher quantities of L-DOPA in the striatum. Similarly to dopamine agonists, MAO-B inhibitors improve motor symptoms and delay the need of taking levodopa when used as monotherapy in the first stages of the disease but produce more adverse effects and are less effective than levodopa. Evidence on their efficacy in the advanced stage is reduced although it points towards them being useful to reduce fluctuations between on and off periods. Although an initial study had as result that selegiline in combination with levodopa increased the risk of death this has been later disproven.
Metabolites of selegiline include L-amphetamine and L-methamphetamine (not to be confused with the more notorious and potent dextrorotary isomers). This might result in side effects such as insomnia. Another side effect of the combination can be stomatitis. Unlike other non selective monoamine oxidase inhibitors, tyramine-containing foods do not cause a hypertensive crisis.
Other drugs.
There is some indication that other drugs such as amantadine and anticholinergics may be useful as treatment of motor symptoms in early and late PD, but since quality of evidence on efficacy is reduced they are not first choice treatments. In addition to motor PD is accompanied by an ample range of different symptoms. Different compounds are used to improve some of these problems. Examples are the use of clozapine for psychosis, cholinesterase inhibitors for dementia and modafinil for day somnolence.
A preliminary study indicates that taking the drug donepezil ("Aricept") may help prevent falls in people with Parkinson's. Donepezil boosts levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, and is currently an approved therapy for the cognitive symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. In the study, participants taking donepezil experienced falls half as often as those taking a placebo, and those who previously fell the most showed the most improvement.
The introduction of clozapine ("Clozaril") represents a breakthrough in the treatment of psychotic symptoms of PD. Prior to its introduction, treatment of psychotic symptoms relied on reduction of dopamine therapy or treatment with first generation antipsychotics, all of which worsened motor function. Other atypical antipsychotics useful in treatment include quetiapine ("Seroquel"), ziprasidone ("Geodon"), aripiprazole ("Abilify"), and paliperidone ("Invega"). Clozapine is believed to have the highest efficacy and lowest risk of extrapyramidal side effect.
Surgical.
Treating PD with surgery was once a common practice. But after the discovery of levodopa, surgery was restricted to only a few cases. Studies in the past few decades have led to great improvements in surgical techniques, and surgery is again being used in people with advanced PD for whom drug therapy is no longer sufficient.
Less than 10% of PD sufferers qualify as suitable candidates for a surgical response. There are three different mechanisms of surgical response for PD: ablative surgery, (the irreversible burning or freezing of brain tissue) stimulation surgery or deep brain stimulation (DBS), and transplantation or restorative surgery.
Target areas for DBS or lesions include the thalamus, the globus pallidus (the lesion technique being called pallidotomy) or the subthalamic nucleus.
Neuroablative Lesion Surgery.
Neuroablative Lesion surgery (NAS) locates and destroys, by heat, the parts of the brain that are associated with producing Parkinsonian neurological symptoms. The procedures generally involve a thalamotomy and/or pallidotomy.
A thalamotomy is the destruction of a part of the thalamus, in particular the ventralis intermedius, in order to suppress tremor in 80-90% of patients.
If rigidity and akinesia are apparent, the subthalamis nucleus is then the site of ablation.
A pallidotomy involves the destruction of the globus pallidus, in particular the globus pallidus interna, in patients with Parkinson's that suffer from rigidity and akinesia.
Because it is difficult to accurately measure the amount of tissue to be destroyed, it is not uncommon for tremors to persist through multiple courses of surgery since tissue is irreversibly damaged and removed and it is safer to test smaller areas of tissue to prevent serious complications, such as a stroke or paralysis.. This method has been generally replaced by deep brain surgery.
Deep Brain Stimulation.
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is presently the most used method of surgical treatment because it does not destroy brain tissue, it is reversible, and it can be tailored to each individual at their particular stage of disease. DBS employs three hardware components: a neurostimulator, also called an implanted pulse generator (IPG), which generates electrical impulses used to modulate neural activity, a lead wire which directs the impulses to a number of metallic electrodes towards the tip of the lead near the stimulation target, and an extension wire that connects the lead to the IPG. The IPG, which is battery-powered and encased in titanium, is traditionally implanted under the collarbone, and is connected by the subcutaneous extension to the lead, which extends from outside the skull under the scalp down into the brain to the target of stimulation. The entire three component system is sometimes referred to as a brain pacemaker, as the system operates on many of the same principles as medical cardiac pacing.
The pre-operative targeting of proper implantation sites can be accomplished via the indirect and direct methods.
The indirect method utilizes computer tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, or ventriculography to locate the anterior and posterior commissures and then employs pre-determined coordinates and distances from the intercommissural line in order to define the target area. Subsequent histologically defined atlas maps can also be used to verify the target area (Nolte, 2012). The direct method provides visualization and targeting of deep nuclei by applying stereotactic pre-operative MRI, which unlike the indirect method, takes into account the anatomic variation of the nuclei’s size, position, and functional segregation amongst individuals (Nolte, 2012)
Electrophysial functional mapping (EFM), a tool utilized in both methods in order to verify the target nuclei, has come under scrutiny due to its associated risks of hemorrhages, dysarthria or tetanic contractions. Recently, Susceptibility Weighted Imaging (SWI), a type of MRI has shown incredible resolving power in its ability to distinguish these deep brain nuclei and is being used in DBS in order to reduce the over-use of EFM (Abosch, 2010).
DBS is recommended to PD patients without important neuropsychiatric contraindications who suffer motor fluctuations and tremor badly controlled by medication, or to those who are intolerant to medication.
DBS is effective in suppressing symptoms of PD, especially tremor. A recent clinical study led to recommendations on identifying which Parkinson's patients are most likely to benefit from DBS.
Diet.
Muscles and nerves that control the digestive process may be affected by PD, therefore, it is common to experience constipation and gastroparesis (food remaining in the stomach for a longer period of time than normal). A balanced diet is recommended to help improve digestion. Diet should include high-fiber foods and plenty of water. Levodopa and proteins use the same transportation system in the intestine and the blood–brain barrier, competing between them for access. When taken together the consequences of such competition is a reduced effectiveness of the drug. Therefore when levodopa is introduced excessive proteins are discouraged, while in advanced stages additional intake of low-protein products such as bread or pasta is recommended for similar reasons. To minimize interaction with proteins levodopa is recommended to be taken 30 minutes before meals. At the same time, regimens for PD restrict proteins during breakfast and lunch and are usually taken at dinner. As the disease advances dysphagia may appear. In such cases specific measures include the use of thickening agents for liquid intake, special postures when eating and gastrostomy in the worst cases.
Rehabilitation.
There is partial evidence that speech or mobility problems can improve with rehabilitation although studies are scarce and of low quality. Regular physical exercise and/or therapy can be beneficial to maintain and improve mobility, flexibility, strength, gait speed, and quality of life. Exercise may also improve constipation. Exercise interventions have been shown to benefit patients with Parkinson’s disease in regards to physical functioning, health-related quality of life, balance and fall risk. In a review of 14 studies examining the effects of exercise on persons with Parkinson’s disease, no adverse events or side-effects occurred following any of the exercise interventions. There are five proposed mechanisms by which exercise enhances neuroplasticity. 1) intensive activity maximizes synaptic plasticity; 2) complex activities promote greater structural adaptation; 3) activities that are rewardingincrease dopamine levels and therefore promote learning/relearning; 4) dopaminergic neurones are highly responsive to exercise and inactivity (“use it or lose it”); 5) where exercise is introduced at an early stage of the disease, progression can be slowed. One of the most widely practiced treatment for speech disorders associated with Parkinson's disease is the Lee Silverman Voice Treatment (LSVT), which focuses on increasing vocal loudness and has an intensive approach of one month. Speech therapy and specifically LSVT may improve voice and speech function. Occupational therapy (OT) aims to promote health and quality of life by helping people with the disease to participate in as many activities of their daily living as possible. There have been few studies on the effectiveness of OT and their quality is poor, although there is some indication that it may improve motor skills and quality of life for the duration of the therapy.
Palliative care.
Palliative care is often required in the final stages of the disease, often when dopaminergic treatments have become ineffective. The aim of palliative care is to achieve the maximum quality of life for the person with the disease and those surrounding him or her. Some central issues of palliative are; caring for patients at home while adequate care can be given there; reducing or withdrawing dopaminergic drug intake to reduce drug side effects and complications; preventing pressure ulcers by management of pressure areas of inactive patients; facilitating the patient's end of life decisions for the patient as well as involved friends and relatives.
Other treatments.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation improves temporarilly levodopa induced dyskinesias. Its full usefulness in PD is an open research field. Different nutrients have been proposed as possible treatments; however there is no evidence that vitamin or food additives improve symptoms. There is not enough evidence to suggest that acupuncture, and practice of qigong or t'ai chi have any effect on symptoms. Fava and velvet beans are natural sources of L-DOPA and are taken by many people with PD. While they have shown some effectiveness, their intake is not free of risks. Life threatening adverse reactions have been described, such as the neuroleptic malignant syndrome. It has been suggested that faecal transplants may have a beneficial impact on symptoms.
History.
The positive albeit modest effects of anticholinergic alkaloids obtained from the plant of the belladona were described during 19th century by Charcot, Erb and others. Modern surgery for tremor, consisting of the lesioning of some of the basal ganglia structures was first tried in 1939, and was improved over the following 20 years. Before this date surgery consisted in lesioning the corticospinal pathway with paralysis instead of tremor as result. Anticholinergics and surgery were the only treaments until the arrival of levodopa, which reduced their use dramatically.
Levodopa was first synthesized in 1911 by Casimir Funk, but it received little attention until the mid 20th century. It entered clinical practice in 1967, and the first large study reporting improvements in people with Parkinson's disease resulting from treatment with levodopa was published in 1968. Levodopa brought about a revolution in the management of PD. By the late 1980s deep brain stimulation emerged as a possible treatment, and it was approved for clinical use by the FDA in 1997.
Research directions.
There are no new PD treatments expected in the short time, however several lines of research are active for new treatments. Such research directions include the search of new animal models of the disease, and the potential usefulness of gene therapy, stem cells transplants and neuroprotective agents.
Animal models.
The tragedy of a group of drug addicts in California in the early 1980s who consumed a contaminated and illicitly produced batch of the synthetic opiate MPPP brought to light MPTP as a cause of parkinsonian symptoms. Other predominant toxin-based models employ the insecticide rotenone, the herbicide paraquat and the fungicide maneb. Models based on toxins are most commonly used in primates. Transgenic rodent models also exist.
Gene therapy.
Present treatments of Parkinson disease provide satisfactory disease control for most early stages patients. However, present gold standard treatment of Parkinson disease using Levodopa, is associated with motor complications, and does not prevent disease progression. More effective and long term treatment of Parkinson disease are urgently needed to control the progression of the disease. In vivo gene therapy is a new approach for treatment of Parkinson disease. The use of somatic-cell gene transfer to alter gene expression in brain neurochemical systems is a novel alternative conventional treatment.
Gene therapy is currently under investigation. It involves the use of a non-infectious virus to shuttle a gene into a part of the brain. The gene used leads to the production of an enzyme which helps to manage PD symptoms or protects the brain from further damage.
One of the gene therapy based approach involves gene delivery of neurturin and gilial-cell-derived nuerotrophic factor (GDNF) to the putamen in patients with advanced Parkinson’s disease. GDNF protects dopamine neurons in vitro and animal models of parkinsonism; neurturin is a structural and functional analogue of GDNF that protected dopamine neuron in animal model of the disease. Despite the open-label trials have shown benefits of continuous infusion of GDNF, the results were not confirmed in double-blind studies. This may be due to the distribution factor; the trophic factor was not distributed sufficiently throughout the target place.
Another gene therapy of Parkinson disease involved insertion of the glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) into the subthalamic nucleus. GAD enzyme controls GABA productions. In Parkinson’s disease, the activity of both GABA efferents to the subthalamic nucleus and its target within the basal ganglia circuity are affected. This strategy used andeno-associated viral vectoe (AAV2) to deliver GAD to the subthalamic nucleus. The trial was done to compare the effect of bilateral delivery of AAV2-GAD into the subthalamic nucleus with bilateral sham surgery in patients with advanced Parkinson’s disease. The study showed the first success of randomised, double-blind gene therapy trial for a neurodegenerative disease and justified the continued development of AAV2-GAD for treatment of Parkinson Disease.
Neuroprotective treatments.
Investigations on neuroprotection are at the forefront of PD research. Currently, there are no proven neuroprotective agents or treatments available for Parkinson Disease (Medscape). While still theoretical, neuroprotective therapy is based on the idea that certain neurons that produces dopamine and are susceptible to premature degeneration and cell death can be protected by the introduction of neuroprotective pharmaceuticals. This protection can occur before any symptoms manifest based on genetic risk, and also during early or late-stage PD when other treatments have ceased their impact due to the progression of the disease. Accordingly, neuroprotective therapy seeks to delay the introduction of levodopa.
Several molecules have been proposed as potential treatments. However none of them has been conclusively demonstrated to reduce degeneration. Agents currently under investigation include anti-apoptotics (omigapil, CEP-1347), antiglutamatergics, monoamine oxidase inhibitors (selegiline, rasagiline), promitochondrials (coenzyme Q10, creatine), calcium channel blockers (isradipine) and growth factors (GDNF). Preclinical research also targets alpha-synuclein.
Selegiline.
Selegiline is in a group of medications called monoamine oxidase type B (MAO-B) inhibitors.
Selegiline is used to help control the symptoms of Parkinson's disease in people who are taking levodopa and carbidopa combination (Sinemet). Selegiline may help people with Parkinson's disease by... stopping the effects of levodopa/carbidopa from wearing off, and increasing the length of time that levodopa/carbidopa will continue to control symptoms.
Rasagiline.
In response to potentially toxic amphetamine metabolites caused by selegiline, another promising treatment is in MAO B propargyl amine inhibitor rasagiline (N-propargyl-1-R-aminoindan, Azilect((R))). The oral bioavailability of rasagiline is 35%, it reaches T(max) after 0.5–1 hours and its half-life is 1.5-3.5 hours. Rasagiline undergoes extensive hepatic metabolism primarily by cytochrome P450 type 1A2 (CYP1A2). Rasagiline is initiated at 1 mg once-daily dosage as monotherapy in early PD patients and at 0.5–1 mg once-daily as adjunctive to levodopa in advanced PD patients.
Neural transplantation.
Since early in the eighties fetal, porcine, carotid or retinal tissues have been used in cell transplants for PD patients.
Although there was initial evidence of mesencephalic dopamine-producing cell transplants being beneficial, the best constructed studies up to date indicate that cell transplants have no effect. An additional significant problem was the excess release of dopamine by the transplanted tissue, leading to dystonias. Stem cells transplants are a main research recent target: they are easy to manipulate and when transplanted into the brains of rodents and monkeys cells survive and improve behavioral abnormalities of the animals. Nevertheless use of fetal stem cells is controversial. Some have proposed that such controversy may be overcome with the use of induced pluripotent stem cells from adults.

</doc>
<doc id="5988343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988343" title="Paramount Stations Group">
Paramount Stations Group

Paramount Stations Group (sometimes abbreviated as PSG) was an American television broadcasting company that was renamed from the TVX Broadcast Group in 1991 after Paramount Pictures gained full ownership of the group. At the time, it owned several Fox affiliates (KRRT, WLFL-TV and WTXF-TV) and independent stations (KTXA, KTXH and WDCA). Shortly thereafter, the group began its expansion with its purchase of then-Fox affiliate WKBD from Cox Enterprises in 1993.
After Viacom (which owned several CBS and NBC affiliates) purchased Paramount in 1993 (with the purchase finalized in March 1994), it entered into a joint venture with Chris-Craft Industries to launch the United Paramount Network (UPN). PSG's independent stations (KTXA, KTXH and WDCA) and some of its Fox affiliates (KRRT and WKBD) flipped to UPN, while other stations were sold to other companies (WTXF was sold directly to Fox, while WLFL was sold to the Sinclair Broadcast Group and KRRT to Jet Broadcasting). PSG then sold off its CBS and NBC affiliates and acquired several additional UPN-affiliate stations during the mid-to-late 1990s. PSG's parent company Viacom eventually bought out Chris-Craft's stake in UPN in 2000; Chris-Craft, in turn, sold its television stations to Fox Television Stations in 2001.
In 2001, after Viacom purchased the CBS network (its former parent), PSG was combined with the CBS O&O stations to form the Viacom Television Stations Group. Today, that group is called the CBS Television Stations Group.

</doc>
<doc id="5988350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988350" title="Ögii Lake">
Ögii Lake

Ögii Lake () is a freshwater lake in eastern Arkhangai, in central Mongolia. The lake, designated as a Ramsar Site of International Importance, is known for its fish and for birdlife. It is a stopover point for migrating waterbirds of the family "Anatidae". Almost half the lake is less than 3 m deep.
There are several ger tourist camps around the lake, as well an information and training center.

</doc>
<doc id="5988369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988369" title="Ölgii (city)">
Ölgii (city)

Ölgii ( "cradle") is the capital of the Bayan-Ölgii Aimag (province) of Mongolia, located in the extreme west of the country. It has an altitude of . City population is 28,496 (2008).
Culture.
The center of the predominately Kazakh region of Mongolia, Kazakh is the primary language spoken in Ölgii. The city is home to at least 4 mosques. The city is known for its Kazakh embroidery and art, Kazakh music, and Hunting with eagles, which can be seen during its annual Golden Eagle Festival. Ölgii host an annual Eagle festival every year in October which honors the ancient practice of using eagles to hunt by the local Kazakh community.
History.
Ölgii was an ethnic Kazakh village before the founding of the modern nation of Mongolia in 1911. Kazakhs have been coming to the Altai region of Mongolia for at least 200 years. Many came as Kazakhs faced pressure from the expanding Russian Empire. These numbers increased significantly after the 1917 Russian Revolution and the rise of communism in China. It was the center of Islam in Mongolia before religious purges in the 1930s in which the mosque was destroyed and the imam was executed. Mongolia initially tried to suppress Kazakh language and culture before creating Bayan-Ölgii Aimag in 1939, with Ölgii as the seat of government. Much of the center of the city was built in the 1950s to 1980s. Ölgii developed less than the rest of Mongolia and was not connected by railroad or paved road due to its isolated location and lack of mineral resources. After the Mongolian democratic revolution in 1991 and the breakup of the Soviet Union, 25% of the population moved to the newly independent Kazakhstan. Though, many later returned and the population has largely recovered. In recent years construction has increased significantly resulting in many new apartments, shops, restaurants, and hotels (most have been built since 2005), mirroring a construction boom throughout Mongolia.
Like other post-communist cities, much of the industry closed down in the 1990s, though a large wool factory and many smaller animal related factories continue to process products from the 2 million animals in the Aimag.
Transportation.
The Ölgii Airport (ULG/ZMUL) has one paved runway. It offers regular flights to Ulan Bator and irregular flights to Hovd and Ulaangom in Mongolia and Almaty in Kazakhstan via Oskemen Airport.
Bayan-Ölgii has border crossings with Russia and China. The Tsaagannuur Border crossing with Russia is open year round and is the preferred route for traveling to and from Kazakhstan. This crossing does not have immigration offices. People will need to acquire a visa before going to the border. The Taikeshken border crossing with China is only open during the summer due to high mountain passes that become difficult to pass during winter months.
There are few paved roads in Bayan-Ölgii outside of Ölgii. Half the distance between Tsaagannuur village (30 km from the border crossing) and Ölgii is paved. The government of Mongolia plans to pave the Tsaagannuur to Ulaanbaatar route through Ölgii, Hovd, Altai-Govi, and Ovorkgangai by 2015. Currently only Ovorkangai to Ulaanbaatar is paved, or 600 km of the 1600 km distance.
Regularly scheduled buses connect Ölgii to Ulaanbaatar, with trips leaving 3 days a week. The non-stop trip is 48 hours under ideal conditions, though often lasting 3 to 5 days. Stops are made along the ways for meals and restroom breaks.
Structures.
There is a 352.5 metre tall guyed radio mast for broadcasting on 207 kHz radio waves.
Climate.
Ölgii experiences a desert climate (Köppen "BWk") with long, very dry, very cold winters and short, warm summers.

</doc>
<doc id="5988375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988375" title="Alan Clark (bishop)">
Alan Clark (bishop)

Alan Charles Clark (9 August 1919 – 16 July 2002) was the first Roman Catholic Bishop of East Anglia in the Ecclesiastical Province of Westminster, England.
Early life.
Born in Bickley, Kent on 9 August 1919, he was the son of parents who converted from Anglicanism to Roman Catholicism. He was ordained to the priesthood on 11 February 1945.
Episcopal career.
He was appointed an Auxiliary Bishop of Northampton and Titular Bishop of Elmhama by the Holy See on 31 March 1969. Two months later, he was formally consecrated to the Episcopate on 13 May 1969. The principal consecrator was Bishop Charles Alexander Grant of Northampton, and the principal co-consecrators were Archbishop Cyril Conrad Cowderoy of Southwark and Archbishop John Aloysius Murphy of Cardiff. He also became co-chairman of the Anglican—Roman Catholic International Commission (ARCIC).
On 13 March 1976, the new Diocese of East Anglia was established, and Alan Clark was appointed its first bishop on 26 April 1976 and installed at the Cathedral Church of St John the Baptist, Norwich on 2 June 1976. As the bishop of the new diocese, Alan Clark had to set up all the necessary instruments and commissions for the diocese to operate successfully. Following his 75th birthday in August 1994, he retired on 21 March 1995 and assumed the title Bishop Emeritus of East Anglia. On 2 June 2001, Bishop Clark celebrated the 25th Anniversary of his installation as the first Bishop of the Diocese.
He died on 16 July 2002, aged 82.

</doc>
<doc id="5988376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988376" title="Weston Big Wood">
Weston Big Wood

Weston Big Wood () is a 37.48 hectare woodland west of the town of Portishead, North Somerset, England. It is a nature reserve and biological Site of Special Scientific Interest, notified in 1971. The wood takes its name from the nearby village of Weston-in-Gordano.
History.
The wood itself dates at least from Iron Age times, with some evidence that there has been woodland here since trees began to recolonise after the last Ice Age some 10,000 years ago. Some of its internal features e.g. old stones, ditches and banks are thought to be medieval boundaries, dating from the Middle Ages and used to divide the wood into sectors.
More recently, after the manor of North Weston was sold to the City of Bristol in 1637, marker stones were placed to mark a boundary across the woodland. These stones, marked with C.B. (City of Bristol), remain in place and can be found by looking at the old OS maps of the 19th century.
Adjacent to the wood on its southern side is the dis-used Black Rock quarry. On the Western side of the woodland, adjacent to Valley Road which runs through the Nightingale Valley, sits another disused quarry which now is the site for the local civic amenity site.
The woodland sits on a ridge of Carboniferous limestone.
Flora.
Slopes within the woodland are covered with Small-leaved lime trees; oak and hazel are more common on flatter hilltop areas. Rare Whitebeams are also dotted throughout the wood.
The rare plant Purple Gromwell is found at the site. Other flowers include; Wood Anemones, Violets and Bluebells. The presence of other plants such as Herb Paris and Yellow Archangel together with the Purple Gromwell, show that this wood is ancient.
Fauna.
There is a wide coppiced open area inside the wood, created as a butterfly feature as part of the reserve management work, called "The Ride". Butterflies such as the Orange Tip, Speckled Wood and Purple Hairstreak can be seen in the area in summer.
The birds commonly seen, include Woodpecker, Nuthatch, and Tawny Owl. Bats also roost in the trees, and the presence of many setts indicates a large badger population.
Access and management.
There are three main entry points to the woodland.
The first (at 51.471456,-2.790383) is from a minor road which leads north from the Portishead to Weston in Gordano road; just past the civic amenity site. It enters the north west side of the wood and leads up a set of steps to the main circular path through the woods. The second entrance (at 51.467293,-2.783898) leads past the old quarries along a pathway which leads along the south eastern side of the wood. A final entrance is off Underwood Road in Portishead (at 51.472967,-2.777782) and enters the Eastern side of the wood. A circular walk has been marked out inside the wood. 
An area of 38 hectares is managed as a nature reserve by Avon Wildlife Trust, and purchased with support from the Heritage Lottery Fund, the Countryside Agency, and donations from members and local people.

</doc>
<doc id="5988379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988379" title="Obrigado Brazil">
Obrigado Brazil

Obrigado Brazil is a music album by Yo-Yo Ma.
In this context ""obrigado"" means "thank you" in Portuguese. 

</doc>
<doc id="5988397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988397" title="David Calvert-Smith">
David Calvert-Smith

Sir David Calvert-Smith (born April 1945), styled The Hon. Mr Justice Calvert-Smith, was Director of Public Prosecutions of England and Wales from 1998 to 2003 and then a High Court judge. Educated at Eton College and King's College Cambridge, he was called to the bar at the Middle Temple in 1969 and became a queen's counsel in 1997. He was knighted in 2002 and sat as a High Court judge from 2005-2012.
Career.
Early career.
After beginning his career both prosecuting and defending, he specialised in prosecution work from 1986, including several cases of murder, terrorism and organised crime.
Directorship of Public Prosecutions.
In October 1998, he became Director of Public Prosecutions and head of the Crown Prosecution Service, a post he held for five years. During his tenure, the failure of the prosecutions of Paul Burrell and the killers of Damilola Taylor damaged the Service's reputation, and the CPS was described as "institutionally racist" by two reports.[http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2003/10/22/ncps22.xml Notable successes were the prosecutions of serial killer Harold Shipman and former spy David Shayler.
When the Human Rights Act 1998 was passed (most of which came into force in 2000), Calvert-Smith was the first DPP to have to deal with the impact it was expected to have on criminal trials.Example
In 2002, he opposed proposals to change the law to deem a person found in possession of drugs to be guilty of "possession with intent to supply" if the quantity exceeded a certain amount. In a letter to Parliament, he wrote: "the best approach is for the jury to focus on weighing the evidence tending to demonstrate intent to supply ... as opposed to this issue being determined with reference to an arbitrary amount". However, the law was changed after he left office, by the Drugs Act 2005 (although this is not yet in force).
Towards the end of his term, he piloted a new system in which CPS lawyers, instead of police officers, would make decisions about charging suspects, resulting in a 15 percent increase in convictions. This policy was fully implemented by his successor.
Later career.
In 2004, he was acting director of the Customs and Excise Prosecutions Office.
In 2005, he led an inquiry for the Commission for Racial Equality into how the police forces of England and Wales deal with racism within their ranks. The inquiry reported in March 2005. At a press conference Calvert-Smith said "willingness to change at the top is not translating into action lower down, particularly in middle-management where you find the ice in the heart of the Police Service."[http://www.cre.gov.uk/Default.aspx.LocID-0hgnew058.RefLocID-0hg00900c001001.Lang-EN.htm]
Retirement.
Mr Justice David Calvert-Smith retired from the High Court (Queens Bench Division) on 30 September 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="5988402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988402" title="South Carolina gubernatorial elections">
South Carolina gubernatorial elections

Prior to 1865, the Governor of South Carolina was chosen by the General Assembly. The constitution of 1865 provided for the voters of South Carolina to choose the governor; James Lawrence Orr was the first elected governor of South Carolina. The following is a list of gubernatorial election results for the state of South Carolina:

</doc>
<doc id="5988405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988405" title="Walton Common">
Walton Common

Walton Common () is a 25.5 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) near the village of Walton in Gordano, North Somerset, notified in 1991.
The Common which is both a Scheduled Ancient Monument and an SSSI, is covered by a Countryside Stewardship agreement with the Countryside Agency. The Common remains in private ownership and the Avon Wildlife Trust has a 10-year lease to manage it as a nature reserve.
Wildflowers found on the common include thyme, marjoram, rock-rose, St John's wort, autumn gentian and Violets. Butterflies are particularly notable including Common Blue, Brown Argus, Grizzled and Dingy Skipper, Green and Purple Hairstreak, and Dark Green Fritillary. Other insects such as grasshoppers, Glow-worms and moths are abundant. Birds identified at the site include; Blackcap, Whitethroat, Buzzard, Kestrel and Sparrowhawk.

</doc>
<doc id="5988410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988410" title="Kelab Golf Negara Subang">
Kelab Golf Negara Subang

Kelab Golf Negara Subang (English: "National Golf Club Subang") is one of the major golf courses in the Klang Valley, Selangor, Malaysia. It is located in Kelana Jaya, Selangor, and consists of two 18-hole courses. It hosted the Malaysian Open in 1983, 1987 and 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="5988411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988411" title="Kay Howard">
Kay Howard

Katherine "Kay" Howard is a fictional character in the American TV series '. She was played by actress Melissa Leo. In the first two seasons of the show her character was the only female detective or member of the main cast. However, NBC president Warren Littlefield felt that the lack of other female detectives was alienating the audience so this was later changed with the addition of Megan Russert. It was stated in a special edition of ', the non-fiction book that the film was based on, that the character of Kay Howard was based on real Baltimore Police detective Rich Garvey.
Early and family life.
In the Season 3 episode "The Last of the Watermen", Howard visits the small coastal oyster-fishing town where she was brought up. Though not actually stated this town is presumably in Talbot County on the Chesapeake Bay coast; her brother Josh lives here. She also has a sister, Carrie, who appeared in a Season 4 episode (portrayed by Melissa Leo under the pseudonym Margaret May).
Professional life.
Having been a homicide detective since April 1991, Kay was generally portrayed as a tough female detective. That being said she was not entirely hardened by her job and at times expressed disbelief that seemingly good people were murderers. As a detective she was thorough, realistic, and generally had among the highest clearance rates in the squad. Her high rate of success was important to her as she felt that as the only woman she needed to prove herself. Megan Russert would later chide her for this tendency. Despite her generally rational approach she held strongly to magical thinking as she felt some things "transcended" logic. This included varied superstitions, which she displayed at work, and the idea that the ghost of a victim aided her in solving a case. 
During Season 3, she and fellow detectives Stanley Bolander and Beau Felton were shot while trying to serve an arrest warrant on a suspect. Howard was struck in the heart, but eventually made a full recovery and returned to work. Her family came in from the coast to visit her in the hospital; her father was especially concerned over how little information the doctors were willing to share.
In the Season 4 premiere, Howard passed a promotion exam and was elevated to Sergeant. Most of her fellow detectives had encouraged her to go up for the position, but on actually assuming the role she became alienated from them. This came in part because she seemed at first to "micromanage" them and in part simply because her position put her in a different relationship to them. Her friendship with Det. Meldrick Lewis, who had been strongly supportive of her desire to seek the promotion, grew especially stormy afterward and affected their working relationship.
Personal life.
In her personal life, she valued privacy and the idea that having secrets had value, but was less consistent on this in the first two seasons. She did keep an adulterous relationship she had with a Lt. Jimmy Tyron, one that predated her joining Homicide, secret at first but later admitted it to Frank Pembleton as an investigation of Pembleton's concerned Tyron. Tyron would later be arrested for shooting C. C. Cox in the back while fleeing. However she later admitted to Pembleton her sexual involvement with Ed Danvers without much pressing and even commented on Danvers's "prowess" (although she indicated to Pembleton that she might have been kidding). Aside from the sex, and their shared desire to bring criminals to justice, she had little similarity to Danvers so the relationship ended at an unspecified point in the third season of the show. After this relationship she became far more reticent about personal matters to avoid being the subject of office gossip. 
It was implied in the fourth season that her love of privacy, combined with her tough nature and masculine clothing, had led to some speculation that she might be a lesbian; upon seeing Kay with a mystery date, Det John Munch said as much, although this may have just been a tactic to get her to tell him who the man is. The DVD commentaries for the show reveal that the producers were aware that the character was extremely popular in the LGBT community.
Although she is generally "one of the team" her being female was occasionally remarked upon at the squad. The crime scene photographer J. H. Brodie expressed his infatuation with her, but due to a miscommunication she felt his expression of affection was a way to make fun of her. Det. Mike Kellerman also stated she was attractive "because of the hair." In certain episodes she expressed concern about her sister and gender issues. In general she disliked both being deemed masculine and being treated "like a lady."
Final Season.
Season 5 saw her character relegated to some degree, but also showed important developments. Her former boyfriend Danvers would get engaged much to her surprise. In a later episode in the season Danvers' fiancee would be murdered, a shock for both of them. In addition her former partner Beau Felton would die violently in Season 5, which was an emotional shock to her. When Season 6 began, Howard was no longer in the Homicide unit; she had been rotated into the Fugitive squad, where she decided to remain. The character was not seen again until "Homicide: The Movie", when she joined the current and former Homicide detectives to search for Gee's attacker.

</doc>
<doc id="5988412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988412" title="Changi Beach Park">
Changi Beach Park

The Changi Beach Park (Chinese: 樟宜海滨公园) is a beach park located at the northeastern tip of Singapore.
The 28-hectare Changi Beach Park is one of the oldest coastal parks in Singapore, retaining the "kampung" or village atmosphere of the 60's and 70's. The park is approximately 3.3 km long with stretches of sandy beaches between Changi Point and Changi Ferry Road.
Activities at Changi Beach.
Changi Beach is popular among locals as a hangout for overnight family picnics, especially on weekends. Some individuals enjoy fishing, watching landing airplanes, jogging and watching the sunrise or sunset here. Sunrise can be viewed from the SAF Changi Ferry Terminal on the eastern end of the park and sunsets can be viewed from Changi Point. Barbecue parties, camping and watersports are some common activities. In addition, food lovers visit Changi Beach for seafood at the nearby Bistro@Changi, or for different food options at Changi Village.
Changi Beach served as a popular killing ground for the Japanese during the Sook Ching massacre of The Second World War. Thousands of Chinese were tortured and killed during this Operation as they were suspected of being anti-Japanese. Strange crying and screaming are reported by people.
Seahorse Monitoring Project.
Since May 2009, the National Biodiversity Centre, together with volunteers from National Parks Board and nature groups such as Wild Singapore and TeamSeaGrass, initiated a project to monitor identified populations of Seahorse ("Hippocampus kuda") and Pipefish ("Syngnathoides biaculeatus") in several locations including Changi Beach for conservation management purposes. The data gathered will help to estimate the population size, growth rate of individuals and track their movements in their natural habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="5988429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988429" title="One Woodward Avenue">
One Woodward Avenue

The building now known as One Woodward Avenue is a skyscraper and class-A office center in Downtown Detroit, Michigan. Located next to the city's Civic Center and Financial District, it overlooks the International Riverfront and was designed to blend with the City-County Building across Woodward Avenue and Ford Auditorium and Cobo Center to the south.
History.
Minoru Yamasaki designed the new headquarters for the Michigan Consolidated Gas Company in 1962. The Michigan Consolidated Gas Building was his first skyscraper, and he used elements from this design for the now-destroyed World Trade Center in New York City. His design for McGregor Memorial Conference Center at Wayne State University is also highly regarded by architects. 
In the 1980s, the building became the American Natural Resources Building when that company was formed as the parent of Michigan Consolidated Gas. At this time, a pedestrian bridge was added over West Larned Street at the 14th floor to connect the ANR offices to Michigan Consolidated, which had relocated to the adjacent Guardian Building. When the ANR offices moved from the building in the 1990s, it was given its current name. 
In December 2012, Quicken Loans founder Dan Gilbert announced that one of his companies, Rock Ventures purchased the building and that Quicken Loans would occupy eight-floors in the structure. The building joins the nearby Qube, First National Building, Chrysler House, and 1001 Woodward in Rock Ventures' real estate portfolio.
Architecture.
The main structure sits on a raised platform that conceals the loading dock and service entrances. It contains 26 usable floors, a double-height mechanical penthouse, and one floor below ground, reaching a height of . The lobby rises two stories from the base and is enclosed by glass panels framed in chrome. Accent panels have the same hexagonal design as the window frames on the upper stories. The lobby walls are recessed from the building facade to create a loggia on all four sides of the building. The floor of the loggia is covered with white marble cut in a hexagonal design and flows uninterrupted to the interior lobby floor and up the walls of the elevator banks. The ceiling of the main level consists of coffered square panels that have a recessed light fixture. Beneath each light bulb, a four-armed bracket holds a blue or green glass sphere that diffuses the light and casts color onto the white floor. 
The two elevator lobbies have a dropped ceiling that rises to a gable point and again reflects the windows of the upper stories. The lobby holds only planters and a security desk, against the original wishes of gas company executives. In their request for designs, they wished the lobby to include a showroom for gas appliances with a large sign proclaiming "Gas is best", the company’s slogan at the time. During his presentation, Yamasaki was able to convince company leaders that the clean lines of an unadorned lobby would enhance the company’s image more than a showroom. For this reason, the newsstand traditionally seen in large office buildings is located on the lower level. 
Yamasaki commissioned Giacomo Manzù, an Italian sculptor with important liturgical commissions in St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City, to craft the graceful "Passo di Danza" (Step of the Dance) for the Jefferson Avenue entrance. The sculpture originally stood in the center of a reflecting pool that had gas torches on its surface. Because of leakage into the loading dock below, much of the pool was filled with plantings in the 1980s. On at least one occasion, the sculpture was the target of pranksters who painted large green footprints leading to it from The Spirit of Detroit statue across Woodward Avenue to suggest a late-night visit.
The façade of the structure consists of piers clad in white marble that tie into the base and divide each side into four bays. The windows of the upper floors are only 12 inches wide and set into pre-cast panels made of concrete and marble chips that cover two floors. Although the windows extend nearly floor-to-ceiling, their narrowness avoids the feeling of acrophobia, a condition to which Yamasaki is said to have been subject. The top and bottom of the window openings meet in a stylized arch, resulting in a delicate lattice appearance that Yamasaki re-used in his designs for the IBM Building in Seattle, the Oberlin Conservatory of Music, and the World Trade Center towers. The lattice is uninterrupted from the second through 28th floors, although on the mechanical floors above 26, the spaces in the lattice remain open instead of being glazed. These floors are enclosed by a recessed wall and the space between the outer and inner walls is illuminated after dark. From the building's opening through the early 1980s, the 26th floor was occupied by an upscale restaurant known as "The Top of the Flame".
Air-conditioning and mechanical equipment on the roof are concealed by a similar lattice work and also illuminated after nightfall. During much of the year, the lighting is white; however, the color is changed for special events, being red and green during December and red, white, and blue prior to the U.S. Independence Day and Canada Day holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="5988434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988434" title="Suit combination – 10 missing">
Suit combination – 10 missing

The Official Encyclopedia of Bridge indicates the best line of play in contract bridge for a single suit in isolation in which declarer and dummy lack the ten but possess the ace, king, queen and jack. The line of play varies depending on how many cards are held by the defence, and the required minimum number of tricks. The probability of success is also shown. 
The combinations considered by the Official Encyclopedia of Bridge (6th edition) are :
The recommended line of play is generally to play off the top honors in hope of dropping the 10.

</doc>
<doc id="5988437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988437" title="Saujana Golf and Country Club">
Saujana Golf and Country Club

Saujana Golf and Country Club is a two 18-holes golf course located in the Klang Valley, Malaysia. It is situated near the Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport in Subang, Selangor.
Residential Development.
There are several up-market residential development in Saujana Resort.
Gated Communities with Homes on Private Lands. These neighbourhoods are located around the fringes of the golf course:
Condominiums:

</doc>
<doc id="5988440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988440" title="Altai City">
Altai City

The city of Altai () is the capital of the Govi-Altai province ("aimag") in western Mongolia. The capital is officially named Yesönbulag sum. It is not to be confused with the separate "sum" also named Altai in the south of the "aimag". City population is 15,800 (2008 est.)
Transportation.
The Altai Airport (LTI / ZMAT) has one unpaved runway and is served by regular flights to Arvaikheer and Ulan Bator.
Climate.
Altai experiences a subarctic climate (Köppen "Dwc") with long, dry, very cold winters and short, mild summers.

</doc>
<doc id="5988443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988443" title="Yuhki Kuramoto">
Yuhki Kuramoto

Biography.
Kuramoto writes primarily for the piano, though orchestral arrangements for some of his pieces exist. Born in Urawa-ku, Saitama, Kuramoto studied the piano from an early age. At school, he studied Rachmaninoff and performed as a part-time soloist in orchestras. He later went on to study at the Tokyo Institute of Technology and obtained a masters degree in Applied Physics. Kuramoto chose to become a musician.
Kuramoto concentrated on the performance of the piano, the composition and arrangement of classical music and popular music. As a professional musician, his interests span genres from classical to folk songs and popular music. Kuramoto never attended a music conservatory and attained his knowledge mostly through self-study. At the age of 35, Kuramoto had the first of his CD published. To this day, he has published 18 CDs.
Musical style.
Kuramoto's style of music shows influence from a variety of composers from different periods. Most notably, by Rachmaninoff, Chopin and Ravel.

</doc>
<doc id="5988444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988444" title="Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer/Euro RSCG">
Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer/Euro RSCG

Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer was an American advertising agency in New York City.
Founded in 1986, it has had several name changes:
The principals whose names have appeared in the company name are Tom Messner, Barry Vetere, Ron Berger, Wally Carey, Louise McNamee and Bob Schmetterer.
Through the 1990s, the agency was the fastest-growing major agency in the advertising industry, and clients included Volvo, MCI, Evian, Schering Plough, and Nestlé, not to mention Intel, Peugeot, 1-800-COLLECT, NEW BALANCE, BUSH FOR PRESIDENT (1988), Commodore Computers, Atari Computers, Windstar Cruises, Select Comfort Mattresses, Club Med, Dunkin Donuts, Subway, and The Catholic Big Sisters.
Messner Vetere Berger Carey Schmetterer was acquired by French Advertising agency RSCG which later was acquired by Eurocom, a division of Havas. The agency became the New York office of RSCG and RSCG became the Paris office of Messner Vetere Berger Carey Schmetterer.

</doc>
<doc id="5988462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988462" title="Glenmarie Golf and Country Club">
Glenmarie Golf and Country Club

Glenmarie Golf & Country Club is a 36-hole golf course in Shah Alam, Selangor, Malaysia. Originally designed in 1993 by Max Wexler, the golf course offers day and night golfing.
Aside from golf, Glenmarie offers a range of sports and recreational pursuits including an Olympic size swimming pool, a children's wading pool, tennis, squash, snooker, children's playground and a gymnasium.

</doc>
<doc id="5988463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988463" title="Bayan-Uul, Govi-Altai">
Bayan-Uul, Govi-Altai

Bayan-Uul (, Rich mountain) is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988464" title="Lipid metabolism">
Lipid metabolism

Lipid metabolism refers to the processes that involve the intercourse and degradation of lipids.
The types of lipids involved include:

</doc>
<doc id="5988469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988469" title="Westminster–Branson">
Westminster–Branson

Westminster and Branson are two neighbourhoods in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. They are in the northernmost part of the city within the area of North York. 
Branson is located along Finch avenue, west of Bathurst Street and east of the west branch of the Don River. Westminster is located just to the north, across the Westminster Cemetery. It is also known as Fisherville, after the former town on the site. It stretches north to Steeles Avenue, and the northern border of Toronto.
This area is overwhelmingly populated by the Russian-speaking and, to a lesser extent, Ukrainian-speaking segments of Toronto, especially immigrants from the former Soviet Union's Jewish minority, many of whom immigrated to Canada by way of Israel. The dominant ethnicities of the area are Jewish, Russian and Filipino.

</doc>
<doc id="5988471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988471" title="Delger, Govi-Altai">
Delger, Govi-Altai

Delger (, Wide) is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia. In the northern part of the sum lies the settlement of Guulin.

</doc>
<doc id="5988482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988482" title="Fua Haripitak">
Fua Haripitak

Fua Haripitak () (22 April 1910 – October 1993) was a celebrated Thai artist.
Biography.
Early life.
Fua was born in 22 April 1910 in Thonburi, the son of a court painter who had served under Phya Anusat Chitrakorn.
He studied art for four years at Bangkok's Poh Chang School of Arts and Crafts before quitting after he found the teaching method too academic.
Key works and development.
He later graduated from the School of Fine Arts (later known as Silpakorn University), a student of Silpa Bhirasri. Among his finest surviving works from that period is an oil portrait titled "My Grand Mother".
During 1940-1946, he received a scholarship from Thanomsakdi Kridakorn to study at Visva Bharati University in West Bengal, India. After returning to Thailand, he served at Silpakorn University. 
He won gold metals at the 1st and 2nd National Exhibitions of Art in 1949 and 1950 for "Petchaburi", a tempera on paper and "Portrait of Madame Rienpracha", an oil on canvas.
During 1954-1956, he was granted a scholarship by the Italian government to study at the 
L'accademia Di Belle Arti (The Academy of Fine Art) in Rome.
During this period, he experimented with a variety of painting techniques, including chalk, colored pencils, ink, and the palette knife. He also dabbled with abstract and cubist styles. His subjects were mostly Italian landscapes, but also included some nudes. He was later recognized as a pioneer in Thailand's modern art.
In 1957, he again won the gold medal at the National Exhibition of Art.
A noted art restorer, from 1969-1982, Fua worked on the restoration of the Tripitaka Library at Wat Rakang Kositaram temple (also known as Wat Bang Wah Yai), built during the reign of King Rama I. During that period, he paid for part of the restoration with his own funds. The restoration project cost him his health. The right side of his face and right arm were paralyzed.
In 1991, he was admitted to Siriraj Hospital. He died in October 1993 due to inflamed blood vessels of the brain.

</doc>
<doc id="5988483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988483" title="Biger, Govi-Altai">
Biger, Govi-Altai

Biger () is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988487" title="Dealership management system">
Dealership management system

A dealership management system (DMS) or auto dealership management system is a bundled management information system created specifically for automotive industry car dealerships or large equipment manufacturers, such as Caterpillar Inc dealerships, and also adapted for cars, boats, bikes, RV, and power sports dealers. These systems often contain software that cater to the needs of the finance, sales, parts, inventory and administration components of running the dealership. One of their functions can be automating tax returns.
Summary.
DMS software typically includes support for all aspects of running a dealership such as: 
A typical DMS installation includes a central server which stores all data, allowing multi-user access for as many as 50 or more client computers. Some installations may include thin clients. Other DMS providers use a centrally-hosted, or software as a service/application service provider model. 
A DMS usually offers interfaces with other systems, especially manufacturer's systems to enable automatic processing of purchases, warranty claims, price lists and many other data. 
In Europe many automotive manufacturers prescribe specific DMS to their dealers though this is no longer officially allowed under the Block Exemption Regulation.
Dealerships use specific software to meet the complex requirements of their business. Typically small scale dealers will manage their business with a generic accounting package and extend functionality with plugin's or other bolt-on software. The advantage for dealers running a specialized system are numerous, however the primary outcome is a more efficient dealership. Dealer Management software typically encompasses all the tools mentioned above however difficulty arises when dealership staff are evaluating vendors and deciding what software to implement. Integration of these tools is key but dealer principals and other key staff still need to pay attention to other factors such as cost.

</doc>
<doc id="5988488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988488" title="Bugat, Govi-Altai">
Bugat, Govi-Altai

Bugat () is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.
Bugat was the birthplace of Puntsagiin Jasrai, Prime Minister of Mongolia from 1992 to 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5988490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988490" title="Ken Macdonald">
Ken Macdonald

Kenneth Donald John Macdonald, Baron Macdonald of River Glaven, QC (born 4 January 1953) was Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) of England and Wales (2003–2008). In that office he was "ex officio" head of the Crown Prosecution Service. He was previously a Recorder (part-time judge) and defence barrister. He is currently Warden of Wadham College, Oxford.
Early life.
Born on 4 January 1953 in Windsor, he attended Bishop Wordsworth's School in Salisbury, Wiltshire. He read PPE at St Edmund Hall, Oxford from 1971 to 1974. During his time at Oxford he was convicted of supplying cannabis after sending 0.1 g of the drug through the post. He pleaded guilty, and was fined £75.
Career.
He became the first pupil of barrister Helena Kennedy, was called to the Bar by the Inner Temple in July 1978 and became a Queen's Counsel in 1997. As a junior barrister he defended a number of terrorist suspects (both Provisional IRA and those from the Middle East), fraudsters and major drug dealers, he was also on the defence team for the Matrix Churchill trial. In the late 1990s, he was a co-founder of Matrix Chambers (a set of barristers' chambers specialising in human rights cases) with Cherie Booth and Tim Owen QC. In 2001 he became a recorder (a part-time judge) in the Crown Court.
Director of Public Prosecutions.
In August 2003 it was announced that Macdonald would succeed Sir David Calvert-Smith as DPP in October of that year. The appointment was immediately denounced by Opposition spokesmen as "rampant cronyism" and a "provocative appointment" due to Macdonald's business relationship with Cherie Booth (wife of then Prime Minister Tony Blair) and his lack of prosecution experience. Government officials, including both the Attorney General and Solicitor General defended the appointment as it had been made by an independent board consisting of First Civil Service Commissioner Baroness Prashar; Sir Hayden Phillips, Permanent Secretary at the Department for Constitutional Affairs; Sir David Omand, Permanent Secretary, Cabinet Office; and Sir Robin Auld, Lord Justice of Appeal. A few days after the announcement the press uncovered details of his earlier conviction, sparking fresh controversy. Macdonald also clashed with then Home Secretary, David Blunkett over the latter's plans for longer prison sentences, describing their likely effect as 'grotesque'. This provoked further press coverage. Not all coverage was so negative, with a fellow lawyer, David Pannick QC, writing in "The Times" defending Macdonald's appointment, and attacking the tabloid campaign against him; Macdonald's predecessor also dismissed the relevance of the drugs offence; and a report in "The Independent" also found support for the appointment from within the legal system. 
As DPP, Macdonald established the Counter Terrorism Division, the Organised Crime Division, the Special Crime Division and the Fraud Prosecution Service. In office, he often took positions which were critical of the government. For example, he opposed ministers' rhetoric around the "War on Terror", preferring to see terrorist attacks in the UK as law enforcement issues. He was prominent in criticising government attempts to extend pre-charge detention to 42 days, arguing that due process protections should not be undermined and that the reform was unnecessary. Near the end of his term, leaders in "The Guardian" and "The Times" were strongly supportive of his record in office. In his last month in office he warned against excessive use of surveillance powers being introduced by the government, saying: "We should be careful to imagine the world we are creating before we build it. We might end up living with something we cannot bear."
He was awarded a knighthood in the 2007 New Year Honours.
Later career.
Macdonald retired as DPP on 31 October 2008, returning to private practice at Matrix Chambers and becoming a regular contributor to The Times, where he writes on law, security and politics. In 2009, he was appointed a Visiting Professor of Law at the London School of Economics. In 2010, he became a Deputy High Court Judge and a member of the Advisory Board of the Centre for Criminology at the University of Oxford.
On 14 December 2009, Macdonald wrote an article in The Times about the Chilcot Inquiry into the 2003 Iraq War. This article was more critical than anything that has been said so far by any of the senior civil servants who worked in Whitehall when Blair was prime minister. It is also notable because Macdonald works at Matrix Chambers alongside Cherie Blair. Macdonald describes Blair's "sycophancy towards power" and wrote that "since those sorry days we have frequently heard repeating the self-regarding mantra that 'hand on heart, I only did what I thought was right'. But this is a narcissist's defence, and self-belief is no answer to misjudgment: it is certainly no answer to death."
On 28 May 2010, Downing Street announced that Macdonald would be made a Liberal Democrat life peer in the 2010 Dissolution Honours List, which was gazetted on 15 June. The Letters Patent were gazetted on 15 July, dated 12 July granting him the title of Baron Macdonald of River Glaven, of Cley-next-the-Sea in the county of Norfolk.
On 13 July 2010, Theresa May, the Home Secretary, announced to Parliament that she had invited Macdonald to oversee a government review of counter terrorism and security powers, to ensure that legislative measures in place were proportionate and consistent with the rule of law.
In October 2010, as part of Turkey's accession negotiations to the European Union, and on the recommendation of the Council of Europe, the European Commission invited Macdonald to lead an EU mission to Turkey to assess that country's commitment to free expression and a free press.
In January 2011, it was announced that Macdonald was to succeed the late Lord Bingham of Cornhill as the Chair of Reprieve, the leading international anti-death penalty and prisoners' rights organisation.
In April 2011, he joined the Council of the Institute of Contemporary Arts, London.
In November 2011, he was elected an Honorary Fellow of St Edmund Hall, Oxford and in September 2012, he became Warden of Wadham College, Oxford.
Personal life.
In 1980 he married Linda Zuck, who is a television producer for production company Illuminations based in Islington. They have two sons and a daughter and a granddaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="5988493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988493" title="Chandmani, Govi-Altai">
Chandmani, Govi-Altai

Chandmani (, "jewel"; also Chandman') is a sum (district) of the Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988498" title="Darvi, Govi-Altai">
Darvi, Govi-Altai

Darvi () (also Dariv) is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988501" title="The New York Hat">
The New York Hat

The New York Hat (1912) is a short silent film directed by D. W. Griffith from a screenplay by Anita Loos, and starring Mary Pickford, Lionel Barrymore, and Lillian Gish.
Production.
"The New York Hat" is one of the most notable of the Biograph Studios short films and is perhaps the best known example of Pickford's early work. The film was made by Biograph when it and many other early U.S. movie studios were based in Fort Lee, New Jersey at the beginning of the 20th century.
Plot.
Mollie Goodhue leads a cheerless, impoverished life, largely because of her stern, miserly father. Mrs. Goodhue is mortally ill, but before dying, she gives the minister, Preacher Bolton, some money with which to buy her daughter the "finery" her father has always forbade her.
Mollie is delighted when the minister presents her with a fashionable New York hat she has been longing for, but village gossips misinterpret the minister's intentions and spread malicious rumors. Mollie becomes a social pariah, and her father tears up the beloved hat in a rage.
All ends well, however, after the minister produces a letter from Mollie's mother about the money she left the minister to spend on Mollie. Soon afterwards, he proposes to Mollie, who accepts his offer of marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="5988502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988502" title="Erdene, Govi-Altai">
Erdene, Govi-Altai

Erdene () is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia. Former sum centre location is 45 08 19N 97 45 02E.

</doc>
<doc id="5988511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988511" title="Khaliun, Govi-Altai">
Khaliun, Govi-Altai

Khaliun (, "dun") is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988512" title="Salal Bugti">
Salal Bugti

Salal Bugti was born in Quetta, Balochistan on December 23, 1969.
He was assassinated in June 1992 on Jinnah Road, Quetta by members of the Kalpar tribe, a sub-clan of the Bugti tribe opposed to Nawab Akbar Bugti. He was Nawab Bugti's second last child and last son from his first wife (who is of Bugti origin).

</doc>
<doc id="5988513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988513" title="Ñusta Huillac">
Ñusta Huillac

Ñusta Huillac was a Kolla leader who rebelled against the Spanish in Chile in 1780. She was nicknamed La Tirana (Spanish for "The Tyrant") because of her mistreatment of prisoners. 
She fell in love with Vasco de Almeida, one of her prisoners, and pleaded with her people for him. After her father's death, she became the leader of a group of Inca who were brought to Chile to mine silver in Huantajaya.

</doc>
<doc id="5988514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988514" title="Khökh morit, Govi-Altai">
Khökh morit, Govi-Altai

Khökh morit (, also Khökh mor't, Blue horse) is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988515" title="God Has a Plan for Us All">
God Has a Plan for Us All

God Has a Plan for Us All is the first full-length album by Angtoria, released on 8 May 2006.
It was received well by the international media and the special edition of the album sold-out soon after its release date (it was limited to 3,000 copies worldwide).
The band recorded a video for the title track.
Lyrical themes deal mostly with child abuse, self-mutilation and abuse in general. The lyrics for the album are very personal.
According to Sarah Jezebel Deva, "the title refers to that despite what happens, religious people always back themselves up with: 'God has a plan for us all' and 'It is as He wills it.' "

</doc>
<doc id="5988516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988516" title="Hyundai New Power Truck">
Hyundai New Power Truck

The Hyundai New Power Truck (hangul:현대 뉴파워트럭) is a line of heavy-duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company. The range was primarily available as cargo and dump truck. Its model truck name is 'Hyundai', but in USA and Canada it was known as Bering HD or Bering HDMX.
Most heavy-duty truck models are distinguishable by a front 'Hyundai Truck' badge, but the common Hyundai badge is usually used on the rear.
In Japan, Asia-Pacific, Mid-East, Africa, South America, its principal competitors are Daewoo Novus.
Models.
Hyundai New Power Truck is a name used by Hyundai Motor Company in commercial vehicle of trucks for two related models. Designed by Hyundai Motor Company and Bering Truck, it was manufactured in Korea at Hyundai Motor Company Jeonju Commercial Vehicle Plant. Manufacture period: 2004.
Model name (South Korea).
"Other different comparison in Hyundai Super Truck"
Lineup.
"Other special vehicle models in Hyundai Special Vehicles"

</doc>
<doc id="5988517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988517" title="Jargalan, Govi-Altai">
Jargalan, Govi-Altai

Jargalan () is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988522" title="Sharga, Govi-Altai">
Sharga, Govi-Altai

Sharga () is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia. The area has one of the last two populations of the Mongolian saiga antelope, which is protected in Sharga Nature Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="5988524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988524" title="Taishir, Govi-Altai">
Taishir, Govi-Altai

Taishir () is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988528" title="Tögrög, Govi-Altai">
Tögrög, Govi-Altai

Tögrög () is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia. Center of Tugrug sum located from Altai city in 145 km .
http://www.panoramio.com/user/997462/tags/GA_Tugrug_sum

</doc>
<doc id="5988532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988532" title="Tonkhil, Govi-Altai">
Tonkhil, Govi-Altai

Tonkhil () is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988535" title="Tseel, Govi-Altai">
Tseel, Govi-Altai

Tseel () is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988536" title="Cardboard city">
Cardboard city

Cardboard city (Serbian: Картон сити, "Karton siti") was an informal settlement, or locally classified as "unhygienic settlement", basically a slum in the capital of Serbia. It was located in Belgrade's municipality of Novi Beograd. The settlement was completely evicted and cleared in 2009.
Settlement.
Most of the houses in the Cardboard city were built, as its name suggests, from cardboard or other non-building materials, like plywood or nylon bags. The settlement had no communal infrastructure (roads, running water, sewage, electricity).
The settlement was located beneath the bridges "Gazela" and "Stari železnički". The settlement was just a few kilometers away from the downtown Belgrade, close to the Block 19 and Block 20, and in contrast to five-star hotels Hyatt Regency Belgrade and Continental Hotel Belgrade.
There were 986 people living in the Cardboard city (501 men; 485 women) of whom 278 were children living in 237 "households" according to the census taken by the city authorities in August 2007.
Depopulation.
The Cardboard city was depopulated on August 31, 2009, following 4 years of unsuccessful attempts.
The City Government announced in 2005 that it will evict the population from the settlement into a new one, made of the temporary container houses in the area around the neighborhoods of Dr Ivan Ribar and Blokovi. This decision was not received with approval of the local population. They demanded that the city government should disperse the population on the territory of the entire city, especially in Dedinje, the most affluent neighborhood of Belgrade and that simply moving the population without giving them any jobs or education would not make the difference. They claimed that the action was caused by desire of the city government to free the land for construction. Some NGOs supported the city government, also labeling the protesters being racist, but some pointed out that the solution proposed by the city was not good, economically and socially. After months of verbal clashes and protests, city halted the eviction. 
In July 2007, city government again announced their wish to relocate an estimated 245 families with 1,500 people from the settlement in spring 2008, due to the planned reconstruction of the Gazela bridge. However, the data on how and where the population will be relocated were not given, but the census of population within the settlement began in August 2007.
In May 2009, the decision was made that the Cardboard City should be evicted by the end of June (a total of 176 families). Families were informed that they will be displaced from the settlement within 45 days. Families residing in Belgrade, 112 of them, will be temporarily displaced in containers that will be placed across Belgrade suburbs, while the remaining 62 families will be returned to their area of origin and would become the responsibility of the Government. Families residing in Belgrade would have the right to social assistance, with the only condition being that their children must attend school. It was announced that the reconstruction and repair of the bridge Gazela can begin immediately after the displacement. On August 31, 2009 the Cardboard city was completely evicted, and all families were resettled in 5 Belgrade municipalities, or returned to their area of origin outside Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="5988539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988539" title="Tsogt, Govi-Altai">
Tsogt, Govi-Altai

Tsogt () is a sum (district) of Govi-Altai Province in western Mongolia. In Gobi desert part of the sum territory is Bayantooroi settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="5988548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988548" title="Jenny Mollen">
Jenny Mollen

Jenny Mollen (born May 30, 1979) is an American actress, best known for her portrayal of Nina Ash on the television series "Angel". She also writes a humorous column for "The Smoking Jacket", a website affiliated with Playboy, as well as an advice column for the Playboy site.
Early life and education.
Mollen was born to a Jewish family and raised in Phoenix, Arizona, and has a sister and a brother She graduated from UCLA's School of Theater, Film, and Television. While there she broke into the film industry. Her father, osteopathic physician Dr. Art Mollen, has published five books on health topics and has appeared as a health expert on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" and other media outlets.
Career.
In 2005, Mollen announced in an interview about her plans to perform in London in a play she wrote about her dog.
Mollen wrote the short film "Kidnapping Caitlynn" which stars Jason Biggs, Julie Benz and herself. The film is directed by Katherine Cunningham Eves.
In January 2013, Mollen's signed with St. Martin's Press to write a book of comedic essays, "I Like You Just The Way I Am".
Personal life.
Mollen married actor Jason Biggs at City Hall in Los Angeles, California, on April 23. 2008, then had a second wedding ceremony in California's Napa Valley in mid-June. They had met while filming "My Best Friend's Girl". In July 2013, Biggs and Mollen announced they were expecting their first child. Their son, Sid, was born on February 15, 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="5988552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988552" title="La Tirana">
La Tirana

La Tirana is a Chilean town in the commune of Pozo Almonte in El Tamarugal Province, Tarapacá Region. The town lies in an oasis in the middle of the Pampa del Tamarugal, about 72 km inland from the port of Iquique.
The town is notable for its religious feast in honor of Our Lady of Mount Carmel. It is celebrated on July 16 of each year, being the most important religious feast of the Norte Grande.

</doc>
<doc id="5988558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988558" title="Suicide clutch">
Suicide clutch

The terms "suicide clutch" and "suicide shifter" (or "jockey shifter") refer to a motorcycle foot-operated clutch and hand-shifter to change gears, found on early designs from around the turn of the 20th Century to the 1940s or 50s, and reappearing on modern retro styled custom motorcycles and choppers. Modern motorcycles do not require removing a hand from the handlebars to operate the clutch or to shift gears, using only the fingers for the clutch and the toes of one foot to select gears. In contrast, the fanciful slang "suicide" was applied to designs where the rider removes one hand to change gears, or cannot put both feet on the ground while using a foot clutch to disengage the transmission. Sometimes the shifter is referred to as a "jockey shifter" while the foot clutch is called a "suicide clutch".
More technically, "suicide clutch" can refer to clutch controls lacking a detent on the foot clutch, which would otherwise allow the rider to lock the clutch in the disengaged position. Early foot-clutch motorcycles, such as those from Harley-Davidson and Indian, allowed the rider to lock the clutch foot pedal, so they could place both feet on the ground when stopped. If this device was disabled, or a custom foot clutch was installed that had no detent, it was referred to as a "suicide clutch" because stopping the motorcycle in-gear required the rider to keep his foot on the pedal. Should he lose his balance and put the left foot down, the motorcycle could lurch forward into cross traffic.
The suicide clutch is sometimes called a suicide shifter. The suicide clutch is a foot-operated clutch that is mounted on the left side of the motorcycle's forward foot controls. The suicide-clutch moniker has derived from difficulties in operating this form of clutch and shifter. On a motorcycle equipped with a conventional hand clutch and foot shifter, the rider places the left foot on the ground when stopped and holds the motorcycle in place with pressure on the rear brake pedal with the right foot, while engaging the clutch with the left hand. On a motorcycle equipped with a suicide clutch, the clutch is held in with the left foot, requiring the right foot to hold the bike in place, with the right hand applying pressure to the front brake. Early Harley Davidson foot clutches used a spring to return the clutch pedal to the disengaged position and used a friction disc to allow the rider to adjust the sensitivity of the return. Often riders removed the spring to keep the clutch pedal from returning to the disengaged position while riding. While this spring removal allowed for the clutch to stay engaged better, it also removed the safety feature of the clutch pedal holding itself in the disengaged position. With the pedal not returning to its natural disengaged position, the rider must either shift into neutral or hold the clutch pedal with the left foot when coming to a stop. Early Harley Davidson racers removed the clutch return spring to ensure the clutch stayed in the engaged position throughout the race. This practice soon caught on with other riders. The term "suicide clutch" was coined by those who could not operate the foot clutch proficiently enough to ride a tank shift (or hand shift) motorcycle in normal traffic.
Types of shifters.
Regular clutch hand Shifter - This is where the shifter is a regular knob and involves the semi-complex task of two-handed shifting. One hand is used to press the clutch lever on the handlebars and the second hand is used to shift gears.
Clutched Shifter - This shifter has a clutch lever on it allowing one-handed shifting. This design allows the left foot to be free.
Usage.
Suicide clutches were common on mid-20th century Harley-Davidson motorcycles and many custom bikes today still employ this system. Harley-Davidson introduced the hand clutch, with uncharacteristically little fanfare, on the 1952 Panhead.
Trikes based on cars such as the Volkswagen Type 1 usually keep the original shifter.
The jockey shifter is a gear shifting device used on motorcycles before the use of a foot-operated shift lever. A jockey shifter, also known as a slap shifter, gets its name from the location of the motorcycle rider's hand when shifting gears. It is under his seat like the position of a jockey's hand while using his riding crop on his horse. This hand shifter lever is directly mounted to the transmission and is just long enough to clear the primary drive cover or belt drive. A motorcycle equipped with this type of shifter requires the use of a foot clutch. The foot clutch comes in one of two configurations; either a "rocker foot clutch", which was stock on many early motorcycles, or a suicide foot clutch, which was never available on production motorcycles but was manufactured by daring motorcycle enthusiasts. The rocker foot clutch is easier to use than the suicide foot clutch because it can be rocked into a position where the clutch is either engaged or disengaged - leaving the rider's foot free to be put down, at a stop, to steady the motorcycle. Sometimes a tank shifter is referred to as a jockey shifter, but this is incorrect due to the rider's hand position being in front of him, not behind him like for a horse jockey. A tank shifter is also connected to the transmission with linkage, which jockey shifters do not use. The earliest known use of a foot clutch and hand shifter, on motorcycles, was with the first multi-geared transmission on the 1915 Harley Davidson. It is a mechanical linkage that is typically mounted to the left side of the motorbike's fuel tank and is held in place by a slotted piece of metal welded to the frame or the tank. Through a series of linkages, it is connected to the transmission shift selection lever. In terms comparable to a motorcycle of current construction, it is simply a way to relocate the shift lever from the front foot controls to the side of the gas tank. Early motorcycle customizers who were trying to reduce their motorcycle's weight so as to increase its power-to-weight ratio would sometimes replace their stock rocker foot clutch with a hand fabricated suicide foot clutch, and remove the tank shifter's linkage and instead attach a shifter arm directly to the transmission. This reduced weight not only made the bike accelerate better, but also gave the rider bragging rights of riding a motorcycle which required more skill to operate.

</doc>
<doc id="5988570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988570" title="Buhl Building">
Buhl Building

The Buhl Building is a skyscraper and class-A office center in Downtown Detroit, Michigan. Architect Wirt C. Rowland designed the Buhl in a Neo-Gothic style with Romanesque accents. Constructed in 1925, it stands at 26 stories in the Detroit Financial District across Congress Street from the Penobscot Building and across Griswold Street from the Guardian Building, all of which were designed by Wirt C. Rowland. The Buhl Building stands on the corner of Congress St. West, and Griswold St. in Downtown Detroit. The building stands atop what used to be the Savoyard Creek near its confluence with the Detroit River. In 1836, the creek was covered and turned into a sewer. The Savoyard Club occupied the 27th floor of the Buhl Building from 1928 until its membership dwindled and the club closed in 1994. Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation has its headquarters in the building.
The Citizen's Bank Building in downtown Saginaw, Michigan was modeled after the Buhl Building.
The architectural sculpture on the building was designed by Corrado Parducci.
Architect.
Wirt C. Rowland, architect of the Penobscot Building, Guardian Building, and the Buhl Building was born and raised in Clinton, Michigan. In 1901, he landed a job as an office boy for the Detroit firm of Rogers & MacFarlane, quickly moving on to the prestigious George D. Mason firm. In 1909, he joined the office of Albert Kahn, who had also apprenticed under Mason. In 1910, with the encouragement of both Mason and Kahn, Rowland attended the Harvard Graduate School of Design in Cambridge, MA for a year.
The combination of Rowland's natural design talent, Harvard education, and Detroit's healthy economy positioned him to make major contributions to the city's architecture. Rowland is a case study in design attribution. In 1911, in the office of Kahn, he and Ernest Wilby are said to have been primarily responsible for the Hill Auditorium at the University of Michigan. Rowland worked for the local firm of Malcomson & Higginbotham until 1915. He then returned to Kahn's office, contributing to the firm's classic projects, namely the Hatcher Graduate Library at the University of Michigan, the Detroit News Building, the First National Building (1922), and the General Motors Building (1922) renamed Cadillac Place.
Rowland's career peaked as Head Designer (1922–1930) of Smith, Hinchman & Grylls (SmithGroup). There, he designed a dozen major structures in downtown Detroit; among these are a number of the city's most accomplished and evocative buildings. To a large extent, Rowland helped define Detroit's architectural genre. For the Guardian Building, he had assembled a multitude of artisans, mosaicists, sculptors, painters, and tile manufacturers including Corrado Parducci, muralist Ezra Winter, and tile from the Rookwood and Pewabic pottery companies. He thus recreated the architectural synthesis of a medieval cathedral. Hence, Rowland had reached a climax when his Union Trust/Guardian Building became known as ""the Cathedral of Finance.""
The Guardian Building opened in 1930. With the onset of the Great Depression, Rowland was laid off from Smith, Hinchman & Grylls. As a result he formed his own office where his work decreased to a small number of churches, schools and construction projects. Late in life, he returned to a purer, Gothic idiom for his last few projects, notably the Kirk in the Hills church which was finished after he died in 1946. During World War II, the Guardian Building would serve as headquarters for war time production.
Tenants.
Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation has its headquarters in the building, and the Consulate of Italy in Detroit is located in Suite 1840.
Other tenants:
At one time Real Times Media, the owner of black newspapers in the USA, had its headquarters in the building.

</doc>
<doc id="5988585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988585" title="Altantsögts">
Altantsögts

Altantsögts (, Golden tsogts) is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia. It is primarily inhabited by ethnic Kazakhs.

</doc>
<doc id="5988595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988595" title="Tim Bayliss">
Tim Bayliss

Timothy "Tim" Bayliss is a fictional detective on '. He was a primary character, and was played by Kyle Secor. He was loosely based on the real-life Det. Thomas Pellegrini from David Simon's book ', though the real detective was reportedly not a fan at all of his fictional alter ego. The character also appeared in the "Law & Order" episode "Charm City".
Childhood and early life.
Born on May 31, 1960 in Baltimore, MD, Tim had a difficult relationship with his family. However, that became the very reason he strongly valued family loyalty. Growing up he was very close with his cousins Jim and Kurt Bayliss, whom he claimed were like his brothers. In Season 3, after Jim shot and killed a Turkish exchange student, Bayliss tried to shoehorn himself into his partner Det. Frank Pembleton's investigation but was warned by Lt. Al Giardello to stay out of it. Pembleton learned that Kurt was killed during the Persian Gulf War, an event that may have played a role in the shooting. Jim and Kurt's father (Tim's uncle) was extremely racist, as Jim claimed that the first time he ever heard racist words were out of their father's mouth. The case went to a grand jury, which voted not to indict Jim. In 1996, he mentioned having a six-year-old niece. When he was sixteen, he and several of his friends became high after taking magic mushrooms. He cried for eight hours as he was terrified, and ate fifty snowballs. His undergraduate minor was in drama.
In Season 5, it was revealed that Bayliss had been sexually molested as a child by another of his father's brothers, George. After telling this to his father, he was accused of lying. At that point onward his relationship to his father was mostly hostile and remained so to the man's death. He told Det. Kellerman that he was arrested for protesting U.S. policy towards El Salvador when he was a teenager, a story idea that Secor reportedly disdained as out of established character for Bayliss. It was quickly discarded in favor of the character developments for Seasons 5-7, including his childhood sexual abuse and religious journey.
Religion.
Unlike several characters in the series, religion was not important in his family background. When asked he stated he had been raised "mutt." In this case that meant his family attended several different denominations, most of which could be termed "Mainline Protestant," but they had no attachment to any of them. Bayliss states that he was baptized into the Presbyterian Church and confirmed in the Episcopal Church. He briefly joined Unitarian Universalism for a girlfriend but seems to have not been particularly sincere about it. He converted to Buddhism in the final season but eventually lost faith.
Adena Watson case.
Tim Bayliss had originally worked for the mayor's security, but his ambition had been to work at Homicide. His first case as primary detective was the rape-murder of Adena Watson, and he was never able to close it. This case haunted him throughout the series, but particularly in the first four seasons. At times, it led to friction between himself and his partner, Frank Pembleton, who scolded him for putting too much of himself into his cases. In the Season 4 episode "Stakeout," he learns that Risley Tucker (Moses Gunn), an arabber who was the prime suspect, has died of natural causes. Pembleton and Bayliss had put Risley through a long interrogation in hopes of getting him to admit his guilt, but without success.
The Season 4 episode, "Requiem for Adena", centers on the murder of a young black girl that shows similarities to the Adena Watson case. Bayliss becomes obsessed with the idea that the two cases are connected, to the point that his actions begin to jeopardize Pembleton's efforts to get a confession. He learns that many of the people connected with Adena and/or Tucker have moved on from her death much better than he has, and he states that he has begun to hate Adena because he cannot do so himself. At the end of the episode, he takes a framed photo of her from his desk (where it had stood ever since that investigation wound down), packs it into an envelope with a carnation from his lapel, and drops the envelope into a trash can. 
In the Season 6 episode, "Finnegan's Wake", Tim wrestles anew with the Watson case when he learns about the longest-running unsolved homicide on the BPD's books, the rape and murder in 1932 of a little girl named Clara Slone. Pembleton tells Tim that the senior detectives all decided to not tell him about the Slone case because it strongly echoed Adena Watson's case, not least because the lead detective in 1932 was a very young cop who saw the case quickly spiral out of his control. Tim is having dreams about the case, and tells the retired cop who helped Falsone solve it that he wondered if he had true evil (Risley Tucker) in his sights and let him get away.
Partnership with Pembleton.
The partnership with Pembleton would form a core element to the character and the entire show. Pembleton was by turns supportive and hurtful to Bayliss. He wanted to take a hard line on Bayliss's cousin who killed a Turkish exchange student, and also said that Bayliss lacked an understanding of "his dark side" so would do poorly in his job. Yet Pembleton also saved Bayliss from being charged in an incident that could have been interpreted as robbery, and Pembleton once told Bayliss that he was the only man he trusted. The only other person Pembleton said he trusted was his wife, Mary. While Pembleton saw the world in strict black and white terms, Bayliss was far more open to accepting the shades of grey present in police work.
That being said, the two ended their partnership for a time in the fifth season, partly due to Pembleton's stroke. Bayliss stated that Frank's rhythm was "off" after recovery, but there were also hints that he had come to prefer working without him. In addition to that he felt uncomfortable with Pembleton after he told him how he (Bayliss) was abused in childhood. The case in this episode involved a mother who allowed her husband to beat her daughter from a previous marriage to death and was pregnant with the husband's child, and Pembleton showed some sympathy to the woman's story. Later he returned to partnering with Pembleton due to Mary leaving Pembleton for a time. While working on a case in which a teenage girl murdered the stepfather who beat her mother, the two had very different views. While Pembleton is far more sympathetic to her, Bayliss is determined to see her charged with murder. Pembleton sees Tim's personal involvement and assures him that it is not his fault that he was abused. Following his stroke, Bayliss treats Pembleton in the same cold manner, often refusing to listen to his theories and indifferent to any attempts Pembleton made towards repairing their relationship although this animosity had all but disappeared by the end of the fifth and start of the sixth season
Pembleton left the force shortly after Bayliss was shot by a member of Georgia Ray Mahoney's gang. Pembleton met Bayliss's mother, Virginia, after Tim's surgery. She told Frank what Tim thought of their friendship "You're not a person who has friends but he's your friend." Shortly afterwards Frank and Mary say a prayer for Tim.
Personal life.
In the first two seasons, Bayliss's character had been called a "fair-haired choir boy" and he stated once that he rejected the idea of having sex for any reason besides love. That started hints at having him "lose his innocence," or questions of whether his claimed innocence was even genuine, occurred even then. Starting in the third season, they stated they wanted to more clearly have him "lose his innocence." Hence in season three he had an affair with Emma Zoole, who liked having sex in a coffin and who later broke up with him because he "wouldn't fight with her." The statement had something of a double meaning as it directly involved his unwillingness to argue with her about their problems, but other aspects of the character implied she also was referring to his disdain for rough sex. The end of the relationship led to his pulling a gun on a store clerk. In later seasons he explored bisexuality. He did not "come out," in the standard sense, until season 7. In the first episode concerning the matter he flatly stated he was "not gay" and did not formally declare himself to be bisexual until Season 7, but even then he did not want to be deemed "a crusader" on the matter. This way of treating his sexuality is believed to have made the network uncomfortable. He had a fling with Dr. Cox and a semi-flirtation with Det. Ballard, and briefly dated a closeted uniform cop, but had no serious relationships in the final seasons of the show. 
During Season 6, Bayliss and Pembleton partnered again, and a drug war sparked by the killing of Baltimore drug kingpin Luther Mahoney led to brutal retaliation against the police department, including Mahoney's nephew, in custody, getting hold of an officer's gun and shooting up the squad room. Bayliss was among the detectives who shot down the gunman, and accompanied Pembleton and other members of the unit in carrying out the ensuing police response. During a gun battle, Pembleton froze and Bayliss, who shoved him aside, was shot and severely wounded. Pembleton, disgusted to find that fellow detective Mike Kellerman had deliberately shot Mahoney and would resign instead of being prosecuted, grief-stricken over Bayliss's wounding, quit the force in disgust in the season finale. Bayliss would return for Season 7, forever changed and foreshadowing his actions in that season.
As mentioned in the childhood section he had not had a particularly religious upbringing. In Season 7, having been shot at the end of Season 6, he became more interested in the matter and converted to Zen Buddhism. Other officers questioned how sincere his conversion was, with some justification. At the end of the episode "Zen and the Art of Murder" it is implied he abandoned Buddhism as he feels having to shoot a man during the job made him "not a very good Buddhist." Bayliss' sexual orientation and religion had prompted him to develop a website which was later shut down on request of Homicide Captain Roger Gaffney. The series finale implied that he murdered Luke Ryland, "the Internet killer" after a legal snafu allowed Ryland to escape prosecution. He is later shown cleaning out his desk, with the implication that he is quitting the force, despite his explanation to Giardello that he is merely doing some spring-cleaning. In "Homicide: The Movie" (2000), Bayliss was revealed to have taken an impromptu leave of absence, presumably conflicted over his murder of Luke Ryland. He returned to the force to solve Lieutenant Giardello's murder and subsequently confessed the killing of Ryland to Pembleton, and asked Pembleton to turn him in. 
Bayliss' outcome is somewhat vague, but immediately after Bayliss confesses, Ryland's name is rewritten in blue, not black, and Pembleton later comments that he caught two killers that night. The blue ink indicates a reactivated cold case, as was indicated in the Season 6 episode, "Finnegan's Wake". Its presence on the board may indicate that it is solved. It is unknown whether or not he committed suicide. If Bayliss had committed suicide, he had not done so by the end of the TV movie - as Bayliss was not at the table playing poker with the deceased Crosetti and Felton.
Nevertheless, there is an additional chair at the poker table that has not been filled yet. Munch mentions in ' that he once had a partner who took cases so seriously that he eventually killed himself. This partner is never named but Munch was Tim's partner during Season 7 after Frank's departure.

</doc>
<doc id="5988596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988596" title="Bugat, Bayan-Ölgii">
Bugat, Bayan-Ölgii

Bugat () is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia. It is primarily inhabited by ethnic Kazakhs.

</doc>
<doc id="5988597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988597" title="Information for All Programme">
Information for All Programme

The Information for All Programme (IFAP) is a programme of UNESCO that provides a platform for international policy discussions and guidelines for action on:
The programme also provides financial support for projects that:

</doc>
<doc id="5988600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988600" title="Buyant, Bayan-Ölgii">
Buyant, Bayan-Ölgii

Buyant () is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia. It is primarily inhabited by ethnic Kazakhs.

</doc>
<doc id="5988606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988606" title="Delüün">
Delüün

Delüün () is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia. It is primarily inhabited by ethnic Kazakhs.

</doc>
<doc id="5988607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988607" title="WBXJ-CA">
WBXJ-CA

WBXJ-CA is a low-power television station in Jacksonville, Florida, United States, broadcasting locally on channel 43 as an affiliate of MTV2. It is owned by L4 Media Group, and broadcasts on UHF channel 43. Like most over-the-air MTV2 affiliates, it was an affiliate of The Box until that network's acquisition by Viacom in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5988609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988609" title="Nogoonnuur">
Nogoonnuur

Nogoonnuur (, "green lake") is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia. It is primarily inhabited by ethnic Kazakhs.

</doc>
<doc id="5988612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988612" title="Sagsai">
Sagsai

Sagsai () is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia. It is primarily inhabited by ethnic Kazakhs (Altaic Kazakhs). The village is home to a large number of eagle hunters who use golden eagles to hunt foxes and hares. Each year, Sagsai hosts the Altai Kazakh Eagle Festival on the last weekend of September to celebrate its heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="5988613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988613" title="Călin Alupi">
Călin Alupi

Calin Alupi (1906 – 1988) was a Romanian Post-Impressionist painter, cited along with Corneliu Baba or Alexandru Ciucurencu as one of the greatest painters of the period amongst his countrymen.
The "Sinceritate" Exhibition : from March 10 - 27, 2010, the City Hall of the Vth district of Paris (Mairie du Vème arrondissement) hosts the first large exhibition of Călin Alupi in France, with about 100 paintings presented.

</doc>
<doc id="5988615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988615" title="Tolbo">
Tolbo

Tolbo (, Point) is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia. It is primarily inhabited by ethnic Kazakhs. The large saline Tolbo Lake in district, just north of the sum center. The lake was the site of the Battle of Tolbo Lake (1921) during the Russian Civil War where Bolsheviks and Mongolian allies defeated an army of White Russians.

</doc>
<doc id="5988616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988616" title="New Glasgow, Prince Edward Island">
New Glasgow, Prince Edward Island

New Glasgow is an unincorporated area located in Queens County in the central portion of Prince Edward Island, south-west of North Rustico. It is situated on the Hunter River.

</doc>
<doc id="5988617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988617" title="Close Lobsters">
Close Lobsters

Close Lobsters are a Scottish indie pop/rock band. 
History.
Close Lobsters first came to wider prominence with the track "Firestation Towers" on the NME's "C86" compilation. They signed to Fire Records and released their debut single "Going To Heaven To See If It Rains" in October 1986. They released a second single "Never Seen Before" in April 1987 which strengthened their reputation as one of the leading emerging indie bands. They went on to release two albums: "Foxheads Stalk This Land" was released in 1987 and "Headache Rhetoric" in 1989. "Rolling Stone"'s review of "Foxheads Stalk This Land" called it "first-rate guitar pop from a top-shelf band. Close Lobsters could have been just another jangle group, but they have a lot more going for them than just chiming Rickenbackers."
Their popularity on United States college radio stations led to an invitation to the New York Music Seminar in 1989, which in turn led to an extensive American tour. They toured relentlessly in the UK, Germany and the United States of America and Canada.
The band eventually took an extended break. 
Their 'Best of' Singles retrospective, "Forever, Until Victory!" - the title is from the reputed last sign-off in a letter from Ernesto 'Che' Guevara to Fidel Castro 'Hasta la victoria siempre!' - was released on 5 October 2009 on Fire Records.
Close Lobsters's song "Let's Make Some Plans" was covered by the Wedding Present on the b-side of their "California" single in 1992. 
In March 2012 Close Lobsters reformed to play the 2nd Madrid Popfest,
In May 2014, Close Lobsters played the Copenhagen Popfest.
Discography.
Chart placings shown are from the UK Indie Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5988623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988623" title="Ulaankhus">
Ulaankhus

Ulaankhus (, Red khus (some tree)) is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia. It is primarily inhabited by ethnic Kazakhs.

</doc>
<doc id="5988631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988631" title="Tsagaannuur, Bayan-Ölgii">
Tsagaannuur, Bayan-Ölgii

Tsagaannuur (, "white lake") is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia. It is primarily inhabited by ethnic Kazakhs.
The administrative center of the Tsagaannuur sum is the starting point of a road to Russia, which is an important trade connection for the region and the Aimag capital Ölgii.

</doc>
<doc id="5988644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988644" title="1919 Tour de France">
1919 Tour de France

The 1919 Tour de France was the 13th Tour de France, taking place from 29 June to 27 July 1919 over a total distance of . It was the first Tour de France after World War I, and was won by Firmin Lambot. In the eleventh stage, the yellow jersey, given to the leader of the general classification, was introduced, and first worn by Eugène Christophe.
The fighting in World War I had ravaged the French road system, which made cycling difficult. As a result, the average speed (24.056 km/h) and the number of finishing cyclists (ten) were the lowest in history.
Background.
Since the previous Tour de France in 1914, it was impossible to organise the Tour de France due to World War I. Tour organiser Henri Desgrange always wanted to organise a new Tour after the war, and within days after the end of the war, the organisation of the 1919 Tour de France started.
Differences from the 1914 Tour de France.
Three former winners of the Tour, François Faber, Octave Lapize and Lucien Petit-Breton had died fighting in the war. Two other former winners, Philippe Thys and Odile Defraye started the race. The war had been only over for seven months, so most cyclists did not have a chance to train enough for the Tour. For that reason, there were almost no new younger cyclists, and the older cyclists dominated the race. The organisation did not make it easy for the cyclists: with 5560 km it was longer than all the previous Tours, and since then only the 1926 Tour de France has been longer.
The bicycle manufacturers had also suffered from the war, and were unable to sponsor teams of cyclists. They worked together, and sponsored more than half of the cyclists under the name "La Sportive", but effectively all the cyclists rode as individuals. Cyclists were divided in an A-category (professional) and a B-category (amateurs).
In previous years, cyclists had to take care of their own food during the race. In 1919, the tour organisation took care of this.
Race details.
The first stage was won by Belgian Jean Rossius. However, he was penalized with 30 minutes for illegally helping Philippe Thys, therefore Henri Pélissier was leading the race. It had not helped Thys however, because he had to stop the race in the first stage after a large crash.
In the beginning of the race, Henri and Francis Pélissier were the best. They both finished before the rest in stage two, with Henri crossing the line first. In the third stage, Henri, leading the race, wanted to stop. Organizer Desgrange did all he could to change Pélissier's mind, and finally Pélissier started to race again. He was already 45 minutes behind, and the next three hours he was chasing the rest. He finally caught up, and finished second in the sprint, after his brother Francis. After that victory, Henri Pélissier said that he was a thoroughbred and the rest of the cyclists were work horses, which made the other cyclists angry. During that third stage, Léon Scieur punctured four times, and lost two hours.
In the fourth stage, the rest of the cyclists (only 25 were still in race) took revenge on the Pélissier brothers. When they had to change bicycles, everybody else sped away from them. Henri Pélissier chased the rest, but was then ordered by Desgrange to stop working together with other cyclists in his pursuit. In the end, Henri Pélissier had lost more than 35 minutes, and his brother Francis over three hours. The Pélissier brothers were angry at the organisation and left the race. Jean Alavoine won the stage, and Eugène Christophe became the new leader in the general classification.
Alavoine would also win the fifth stage, the longest ever in history at 482 km.
Christophe was still in Grenoble at the start of stage eleven, when tour organiser Henri Desgrange gave him a yellow jersey, so that he could easily be recognized. The colour was inspired by the colour of the organizing newspaper l'Auto, although another explanation is that other colours were not available in the post-war shortage. Christophe was not happy with his yellow jersey, and other cyclists called him a canary. At that point in the race, it was likely that Christophe would stay the leader until the end of the Tour de France, because he remained in that yellow jersey after the Pyrénées and the Alps. In the penultimate stage, Firmin Lambot, who was in second position, more than 28 minutes behind, attacked. Christophe, still leading the race, chased him, but broke his fork close to Valenciennes. The rules were such that cyclists could get no help at all, so Christophe repaired his bicycle himself. This same thing had already cost him the victory in 1913, and would happen to him for a third time in 1922. It took him over two and a half hours, and he had lost the lead to Lambot. In the last stage, Christophe had a record number of punctures, and also lost his second place to Jean Alavoine.
Lambot, aged 33, was at that moment the oldest Tour de France winner in history.
Because the organising newspaper l'Auto felt bad for Christophe, he received the same prize money as the winner Lambot. In addition, a collection raised money, the donors for this prize were reported in 20 pages in the newspaper. Altogether, Christophe received 13310 Francs, much more than the 5000 Francs that Lambot received for his victory.
Results.
In each stage, all cyclists started together. The cyclist who reached the finish first, was the winner of the stage.
The time that each cyclist required to finish the stage was recorded. For the general classification, these times were added up; the cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader. From the eleventh stage on, the leader in the general classification was identified by the yellow jersey.
General classification.
Of the 67 cyclists that started the race, only 11 cyclists finished. On 12 August 1919, Paul Duboc (8th overall), was disqualified for borrowing a car to go and repair his pedal axle, which left only 10 cyclists in the final classification.
In total, 43 cyclists started as category A, and 24 cyclists as category B.
Aftermath.
The yellow jersey that was introduced in this tour, was so successful that it has been used ever since. The winner of the race, Lambot, would later also win the 1922 Tour de France, but has become a half-forgotten figure in the Tour's history. Christophe, who lost the Tour due to bad luck, is still remembered as an eternal second.
The fight between cyclist Pélissier and tour organizer Desgrange would continue for many years. Pélissier would win the 1923 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="5988650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988650" title="Mieczysław Boruta-Spiechowicz">
Mieczysław Boruta-Spiechowicz

Mieczysław Ludwik Boruta-Spiechowicz (20 February 1894, Rzeszów - 13 October 1985, Zakopane) was a Polish military officer, a general of the Polish Army and a notable member of the post-war anti-communist opposition in Poland. 
He joined the army in 1914 and served at various posts within the Polish Legions. After Poland regained her independence in 1918 he remained in active service and took part in both the Polish-Ukrainian War and the Battle of Lwów, in which he commanded a separate defence line, and later a "Lwów Infantry Regiment" formed out of local volunteers. Dispatched to France, he became the commander of two regiments of the Blue Army, with which he returned to Poland in 1919. During the Polish-Bolshevik War he distinguished himself as a skilled commander of the Polish mountain infantry units, of which he formed a regiment and commanded it on various fronts of the conflict. 
After the war he was sent to the Higher War School in Warsaw and received professional military training. He served at various commanding posts in a number of Polish infantry units, both standard and mountain. He was also a notable military theorist and writer of several books on the history and practice of warfare. During the Invasion of Poland he served as the commanding officer of the "Boruta Operational Group", a part of the Kraków Army. Taken prisoner by the USSR, he was held in various Gulags and NKVD prisons until set free by the Sikorski-Mayski Agreement of 1941. He then joined the Anders' Polish Army in the East and became the commanding officer of the newly formed Polish 5th Infantry Division. He spent the rest of World War II as the commander of the Polish 1st Armoured Corps, combining the Polish 1st Armoured Division and the Polish Independent Parachute Brigade. 
As one of the very few Polish pre-war generals to return to Communist-held Poland in 1945, he was initially accepted into the Polish Army. However, following a conflict with Karol Świerczewski he was demobilized and retired. He settled in Zakopane, where he became a farmer. He also remained an active member of the anti-communist opposition in Poland and in 1977 became one of the founding members of the ROPCiO movement.

</doc>
<doc id="5988655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988655" title="Senseless Prayer">
Senseless Prayer

Senseless Prayer were a British three-piece pop/rock band from Bromsgrove, near Birmingham. The band consisted of Fyfe (Dangerfield) Hutchins (currently leadsinger of Guillemots), Charles Hildebrandt and Alex Rajkowski – who were fellow pupils with Hutchins at the independent Bromsgrove School
The band recorded four tracks for a "'Peel Session", broadcast on 2 May 1999 on BBC Radio 1; "Step Number One", "Slow Breathing Still Tongue", "The Sky Is Making Shapes Again", "Eleven Sticks".

</doc>
<doc id="5988663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988663" title="Jean Rossius">
Jean Rossius

Jean Rossius (born at Cerexhe-Heuseux, Soumagne on 27 December 1890, died 2 May 1966) was a Belgian road racing cyclist who won five stages in total in the Tour de France. In the 1914 Tour de France he finished in fourth place in the overall classification, his best finishing.

</doc>
<doc id="5988666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988666" title="Kerrier Hundred">
Kerrier Hundred

The hundred of Kerrier was the name of one of ten ancient administrative shires of Cornwall, in the United Kingdom. Kerrier (sometimes Kirrier) is thought by Charles Thomas to be derived from an obsolete name (ker hyr = long fort) of Castle Pencaire on Tregonning Hill, Breage. It is likely that an even earlier name for the district was Predannack which has been displaced by the Lizard Peninsula as a geographical name.
Parishes in Kerrier hundred.
St Anthony-in-Meneage, Breage, Budock, Constantine, Cury, Falmouth, Germoe, St Gluvias, Grade, Gunwalloe alias Winnington, Gwennap with St Day, Helston, St Keverne, Landewednack, Mabe, Manaccan, St Martin-in-Meneage, Mawgan-in-Meneage, Mawnan, Mullion, Mylor, Perranarworthal, Ruan Minor, and Ruan Major, Sithney, St Stithians, Wendron

</doc>
<doc id="5988676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988676" title="Puthi">
Puthi

A Puthi is a book of poetic fairy tales and religious stories of rural ancient Bengal which were read by a senior "educated" person while others would listen. This was used as a medium for education and constructive entertainment.
Puthis are ancient manuscripts. In Bengal, these books were unlike any other book at that time. Writers (Munshis) used to write in Songskrito, Bengali, or local varieties of Bengali. 
The pages of Puthis could be leaves, sheets of wood, or old papers. Usually, they were written on one side and bound with a piece of string. 
Abdul Karim Sahitya Bisharad collected more than 2,000 Puthis. More than 1,000 of them were written by Bengali Muslims. No other person or organization has collected this number of Puthis before.

</doc>
<doc id="5988677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988677" title="Human Animal">
Human Animal

Human Animal is Wolf Eyes' fifth album proper, released 26 September 2006 by Sub Pop. The title track "Human Animal" is different from the one originally issued on the Wolf Eyes/Prurient split "The Warriors". "Noise Not Music" was originally by No Fucker.

</doc>
<doc id="5988682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988682" title="Silcrete">
Silcrete

Silcrete is an indurated soil duricrust formed when surface sand and gravel are cemented by dissolved silica. The formation of silcrete is similar to that of calcrete, formed by calcium carbonate and ferricrete, formed by iron oxide. It is a hard and resistant material, and though different in origin and nature, appears similar to quartzite. It is common in the arid regions of Australia and Africa often forming the resistant cap rock on features like breakaways. Silcrete can be found at a lesser extent throughout the world especially England and France. 
In Australia, silcrete was widely used by Aboriginal people for stone tool manufacture, and as such, it was a tradeable commodity, and silcrete tools can be found in areas that have no silcrete groundmass at all, similar to the European use of flint. 
Tools made out of silcrete which has not been heat treated are difficult to make with flintknapping techniques. It is widely believed by stone tool experts that the technology to treat silcrete by burying under a hot fire was known 25,000 years ago in Europe. Heating changes the stone structure making it more easily flaked. This process may have been the first use of so-called pyrotechnology by early mankind. 
In South Africa at Pinnacle Point researchers have determined that two types of silcrete tools were developed between 60,000 and 80,000 years ago and used the heat treatment technique. There is evidence to suggest the technique may have been known as early as 164,000 years ago. 
The peoples of the African Middle Stone Age (MSA) showed a preference for silcrete tools, sourcing the material from up to 200km to use in place of more accessible quartz and quartzite. MSA quarries have recently been found in Botswana south of the Okavango Delta. Evidence was found that raw silcrete blanks and blocks were transported prior to heat treating during the MSA. The geochemical signatures of the fragments can be used to identify where many of the individual pieces were quarried. 

</doc>
<doc id="5988685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988685" title="Vojníkov">
Vojníkov

Vojníkov is a small village in the South Bohemian region in Písek District, Czech Republic. It is located about north of Písek. It is divided into three parts: Vojníkov, Držov and Louka, and the village is situated where the routes from Otava mills and other villages (Vrcovice or Záhoří) intersect. The village has a history that extends for several centuries, as other settlements in Czech lands have. In the western part of the territory of the village the Otava river can be seen. Its valley, namely the part near Vojníkov, has been an location where cottages and recreational ares have been built since the 1950s, used mostly by people working in Písek as well as from Prague, České Budějovice, or Strakonice.. These facilities include a pub and campgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="5988691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988691" title="Overconvergent modular form">
Overconvergent modular form

In mathematics, overconvergent modular forms are special p-adic modular forms that are elements of certain "p"-adic Banach spaces (usually infinite dimensional) 
containing classical spaces of modular forms as subspaces. They were introduced by Nicholas M. Katz in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="5988693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988693" title="Letheringsett with Glandford">
Letheringsett with Glandford

Letheringsett is a village in the English county of Norfolk. It forms part of the civil parish of Letheringsett with Glandford, along with the hamlet of Glandford. The village straddles the A148 King’s Lynn to Cromer road. Letheringsett is 1.2 miles west of Holt, 32.2 west north east of King’s Lynn and 126 miles north north east of London. The nearest railway station is at Sheringham for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport.
Description.
The village of Letheringsett is situated in the valley of the River Glaven and has two watermills, Letheringsett Brewery watermill which stands on the west side of the river next to the A148 road bridge and is now disused, and Letheringsett Watermill which lies 150 yards to the south. It is the last working watermill in the county of Norfolk, has won several prestigious awards for its flour production and is a well-known tourist attraction. Next to the Brewery watermill is the village pub, the King’s Head, which was built in the Georgian period .
Saint Andrew Parish Church.
The church of Letheringsett, St. Andrew, is one of 124 existing round-tower churches in Norfolk.
The church appears on a Royal Mail stamp issued on 21 June 1972 as part of a set on British Architecture (Village Churches).
The pub.
The King's Head has won many awards such as family pub of the year. The pub has two bars and a restaurant and has a selection of real ale.

</doc>
<doc id="5988697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988697" title="Ledine">
Ledine

Ledine (Serbian Cyrillic: Ледине) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Novi Beograd.
Ledine is the easternmost settlement in the municipality, formerly developed as a sort of an informal settlement outside the projected area of the city of Novi Beograd. Today it is urbanistically connected to the neighborhoods of Bežanija and Dr Ivan Ribar by the narrow urban strip along "Vionogradska" and "Surčinska" streets. The settlement itself is built between these two streets, both of which connect Belgrade and Surčin and along which a continuous built-up area of Belgrade-Ledine-Surčin is being formed.
Ledine experiences all the problems of the non-planned neighborhoods of Belgrade, mostly concerning communal problems. The population of the settlement was 3,688 in 2002, and news reports about Ledine in 2006 estimated the population at 10,000.
As the settlement originated on barren meadows outside any urban area, it got the descriptive name "ledine", Serbian for "the heaths". Ledine is also site of the Jewish memorial cemetery, commemorating killing of 350 Jews by the German occupational forces in February 1942 in the nearby small valley. The memorial was restored in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5988699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988699" title="Seehund">
Seehund

The Seehund (German: "seal"), also known as Type XXVII, was a successful series of German midget submarines created during World War II. Designed in 1944, and operated by two man crews, the submarines were used by the "Kriegsmarine" during the closing months of the war, sinking nine merchant vessels and damaging an additional three, with 35 losses mostly attributed to bad weather.
History.
The origin of the "Seehund" began with the salvage of the two British X class submarines and which had been sunk during Operation Source, an attempt to sink the German battleship Tirpitz. "Hauptamt Kriegschiffbau" subsequently produced a design for a two-man submarine based on inspection of the British boats, designated Type XXVIIA and named "Hecht" ("Pike")
XXVIIA (Hecht).
Like the British X class boats, the Type XXVIIA was designed to carry explosive charges to be laid beneath enemy ships, but it was markedly smaller and had substantial differences from the X class. It dispensed with a dual diesel/electric propulsion system, relying instead solely on electrical power in the form of a 12 hp AEG torpedo motor, on the basis that since it would operate submerged there was no need for a diesel engine. However, this resulted in a very low endurance of at .
Since the boat would need to be able to pass through anti-submarine nets and similar obstacles, it was designed without hydroplanes or fins, her trim being controlled with adjustable weights within the pressure hull. In practice this proved totally ineffective since the weights could not be moved quickly enough and hydroplanes and fins were subsequently fitted. Submerged control was still poor, since "Hecht" was not fitted with ballast tanks.
Even though "Hecht" had been designed to transport an explosive charge, Karl Dönitz insisted that a torpedo be carried so that attacks could be carried out on vessels in coastal waters.
Externally, "Hecht" resembled the British Welman submarine. The detachable explosive charge was fitted to the nose of the submarine, while the forward section held the battery and a gyrocompass, the first to be fitted to a German midget submarine and considered essential for navigation if the craft was to operate submerged. Behind this was the control compartment with seats for the two man crew arranged one behind the other on the centerline with the engineer in front and the commander behind him. The commander was provided with a periscope and a clear acrylic dome for navigational purposes.
On 18 January 1944, Dönitz discussed the new design with Adolf Hitler who expressed his approval, and on 9 March contracts were placed with Germaniawerft of Kiel for construction of a prototype, followed by a further contract for 52 submarines on 28 March.
The 53 "Hechts" were constructed between May and August 1944: in the event, none saw active service but were instead used to train "Seehund" crews.
Type XXVIIB.
As the orders were being placed, "Hecht" variants were under construction. The first was the Type XXVIIB, which had a greater range, could carry two G7e torpedoes, and had diesel/electric propulsion. The design was completed at the end of June 1944 and resembled "Hecht" but had a better boat-shaped external casing for improved seakeeping while surfaced, and saddle tanks. Additional room had been made inside the pressure hull by moving the batteries to the keel, while the two torpedoes were slung externally in recesses in the lower hull. A 22 hp diesel engine was fitted for surface use and was estimated to give a surfaced speed of , with a 25 hp electric motor providing a submerged speed of .
The final variant of the Type XXVII was the Type XXVIIB5, better known as the "Seehund" ("Seal") or Type 127. "Seehund" had a small raised platform midships with the air intake mast, magnetic compass, periscope, and a clear dome which could survive depths of . The submarine's fixed periscope incorporated lenses which let the commander check the sky above for aircraft before surfacing.
Production.
The first contract for "Seehund" construction was placed on 30 July 1944. Enthusiasm for the submarine was so high that most of the contracts and hull numbers were allocated even before the design was completed. A total of 1,000 boats were ordered, Germaniawerft and Schichau-Werke to build 25 and 45 boats per month respectively. Other centers involved in "Seehund" production were CRD-Monfalcone on the Adriatic and Klöckner-Humboldt-Deutz at Ulm.
However, Dönitz would not consent to the production of the Type XXVII U-boat being held up for "Seehund" construction, while shortages of raw material, labor and transport problems, and conflicting priorities in Germany's economy all combined to reduce "Seehund" production. In the end "Seehund" production was undertaken by Germaniawerft at Kiel using a facility which was no longer needed for Type XXI or Type XXIII production.
A total of 285 "Seehunds" were constructed and allocated numbers in the range "U-5501" to "U-6442".
Operational service.
From the Allied point of view the "Seehund"s small size made it almost impossible for Asdic to get a return from her hull, while her very quiet slow speed running made her almost immune to detection by hydrophone. As Admiral Sir Charles Little, Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth put it, "Fortunately for us these damn things arrived too late in the war to do any damage".
"Seehunds" operated mainly around the German coast and in the English Channel, and could attack on the surface in turbulent weather, but had to be almost stationary for submerged attacks. From January to April 1945 "Seehunds" performed 142 sorties, and accounted for about 93,000 gross tons of shipping (British sources estimate 120,000 tons).
The last "Seehund" sorties took place on 28 April and 2 May 1945, when two special missions were performed to resupply the cutoff German base at Dunkirk with rations, the boats carrying special food containers (nicknamed "butter torpedoes") instead of torpedoes, and on the return voyage using the containers to carry mail from the Dunkirk garrison.
The French navy received four units as war reparations, and commissioned them as "S 621", "S 622", "S 623" and "S624". They were used until August 1953. "S 622" is preserved and on display at Brest naval museum.
The U-5075 is on display at the United States Naval Shipbuilding Museum, part of the Massachusetts Military Research Center, in Quincy, Massachusetts. Occasional amateur radio events are conducted by this museum ship, using the callsign WW2MAN.

</doc>
<doc id="5988717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988717" title="Earle, Northumberland">
Earle, Northumberland

Earle is a village and civil parish in the Berwick-upon-Tweed district of Northumberland, England. It has around 20 inhabitants and is about from Wooler. It is a popular walking area with many walks passing through Earle on their way to the Cheviot Hills.
Governance.
Earle is in the parliamentary constituency of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

</doc>
<doc id="5988719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988719" title="Credit Island">
Credit Island

Credit Island is an island in the Mississippi River on the south west side of Davenport, Iowa within the Quad Cities area. Its name was derived by the use of the island as an early Indian trading post. Credit could be obtained on the promise of hides and skins to be delivered at a later time - hence Credit Island. It was listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties February 3, 1999.
War of 1812.
On September 4–5, 1814 the Battle of Credit Island, one of the westernmost battles of the War of 1812 was fought here between Sauk Indians with British support and a regiment under the command of Major Zachary Taylor.
Preparations for Battle.
Historical reference provided by Sara James Childers
British Captain Thomas G Anderson's Journal contains the following entries:
Saturday August 27, 1814 — At eight the expedition for the Rock river marched. We gave them three shots from the six pounder. At two the Feuille or Leaf (Wabasha) with fifty Sioux arrived on their way to join the expedition. Shortly after, forty Renards arrived for the same purpose. I gave them fifteen loaves of bread and sent to procure a beef that I knew was for sale but the owner sent me word if I would send him two milch cow I might get his ox. I then inquired of Mr Brisbois, from whom I have had every assistance he could possibly give, even to the distressing of his own family. He furnished a pair of two year old bulls which I gave to the whole of the warriors. The Feuille brought word that he had met a Renard canoe with two men in it who informed him that a Renard messenger was sent from the Illinois by the Americans with a notice to the Indians that they the Americans were on their way up here mainly to take possession of their fort at Prairie du Chien and not to hurt the Indians, that they the Indians were requested to keep out of the way, that the Americans like hunters in the wood had wounded a deer they had wounded the English and were following the track till they should ruin or destroy the whole. The Feuille heard this report too late to authorize him to take the Renard. The Feuille does not understand the Renard language himself but this was interpreted to him some time after passing the Renard canoe.
Sunday August 28 — Gave the Feuille ten bushels of wheat to take him with the Renards to the Rock River. A young lad of this place by the name of Antoine du Bois volunteered his service and embarked with the Sioux interpreter. I gave the Feuille a few articles he was absolutely in want of. Fifty Sioux of the Feuille band (The Leaf or Wabasha) with forty-five Renards left this place at two o'clock singing the war song and at six about sixteen puants arrived from above, debarked at the upper end of the village, and walked down to the lower end singing the war-song, then immediately embarked and went off. Wrote a note to Capt Grignon to prepare himself to go off express to Mackinaw to-morrow at ten o'clock.
Monday August 29 — Finished the dispatches at ten and Capt Grignon being detained in expectation of Mr Antoine Brisbois arriving from below, did not set off till four in the afternoon. Mr Brisbois did not arrive Prairie du Chien
Captain Anderson dispatched the following message, addressed to Lieutenant Colonel McDougall from Fort McKay on that same day:
Sir, the command of this post having been left to me by Lieut Col McKay, I have the honor to communicate to you that on the 27th instant I sent off a small detachment under the command of Lieut Graham of the Indian department for the Rock river, consisting of thirty men, one brass three pounder, and two swivels. Having sent Lieut Graham to that place on the 15th inst in order to get a party of Sauks to proceed with him to within two miles of the enemy's abandoned fort Madison to take possession of and if possible bring away a gun-boat that the enemy had got sunk by the fall of a tree last spring on their way up here and at the same time to get information of the enemy.
Opening moves.
American Major Taylor led a force of more than 350 U.S. regulars and militia to relieve Prairie du Chien and evacuate the garrison. When Taylor's command reached the Rock River on the evening of September 4, Taylor encamped. That night, Black Hawk attacked Taylor's pickets and killed two of his men. At dawn, Taylor was preparing to land when three British guns opened fire on his boats. Under heavy fire, Taylor withdrew downstream, with a further loss of 11 men wounded.
Black Hawk.
The following is Black Hawk's recollection of Campbell's Island.
Black Hawk participated in parts of this battle, really a series of small skirmishes on the island and on the river extending from Rock Island to Credit Island; he later wrote about it in his autobiography, perhaps conflating different episodes:
We now put out the fire on the captured boat to save the cargo, when a skiff was seen coming down the river. Some of our people cried out, "Here comes an express from Prairie du Chien." We hoisted the British flag, but they would not land. They turned their little boat around, and rowed up the river. We directed a few shots at them, but they were so far off that we could not hurt them. I found several barrels of whisky on the captured boat, knocked in the heads and emptied the bad medicine late the river. I next found a box full of small bottles and packages, which appeared to be bad medicine also, such as the medicine men kill the white people with when they are sick. This I threw into the river. Continuing my search for plunder, I found several guns, some large barrels filled with clothing, and a number of cloth lodges, all of which I distributed among my warriors. We now disposed of the dead, and returned to the Fox village opposite the lower end of Rock Island, where we put up our new lodges, and hoisted the British flag. A great many of our braves were dressed in the uniform clothing which we had taken from the Americans, which gave our encampment the appearance of a regular camp of soldiers. We placed out sentinels and commenced dancing over the scalps we had taken. Soon after several boats passed down, among them a very large one carrying big guns. Our young men followed them some distance, but could do them no damage more than scare them. We were now certain that the fort at Prairie du Chien had been taken, as this large boat went up with the first party who built the fort.<br> 
In the course of the day some of the British came down in a small boat. They had followed the large one, thinking it would get fast in the rapids, in which case they were sure of taking her. They had summoned her on her way down to surrender, but she refused to do so, and now, that she had passed the rapids in safety, all hope of taking her had vanished. The British landed a big gun and gave us three soldiers to manage it. They complimented us for our bravery in taking the boat, and told us what they had done at Prairie do Chien. They gave us, a keg of rum, and joined with us in our dancing and feasting. We gave them some things which we had taken from the boat, particularly books and papers. They started the next morning, promising to return in a few days with a large body of soldiers. 
We went to work under the direction of the men left with us, and dug up the ground in two places to put the big gun in, that the men might remain in with it and be safe. We then sent spies down the river to reconnoitre, who sent word by a runner that several boats were coming up filled with men. I marshalled my forces and was soon ready for their arrival. I resolved to fight, as we had not yet had a fair fight with the Americans during the war. The boats arrived in the evening, stopping at a small willow island, nearly opposite to us. During the night we removed our big gun further down, and at daylight next morning commenced firing. We were pleased to see that almost every shot took effect. The British being good gunners, rarely missed. They pushed off as quickly as possible, although I had expected they would land and give us battle. I was fully prepared to meet them but was sadly disappointed by the boats all sailing down the river. A party of braves followed to watch where they landed, but they did not stop until they got below the Des Moines Rapids, where they came ashore and commenced building a fort. 
Modern times.
The upcoming bicentennial of the Battle of Credit Island has spurred new interest in the battlefield, including a research project to try to identify the location of fighting on the island.
Today, Credit Island is a community park under the jurisdiction of Davenport Parks and Recreation. It features: a golf course, rugby, soccer, baseball and softball fields. There is also fishing, picnic shelters, a bicycle trail and is the scene of many public events. Credit Island is also popular for sight-seeing and eagle watching.
In 2012, a bridge is being constructed on the west side of the island to link the Mississippi River Trail bike path to Concord Street in Davenport.
On May 2, 2013 Credit Island Lodge caught on fire. There are talks about rebuilding.
Previous names for Credit Island.
Offerman's Island: 1868 - 1894?
John and Dorothea Offerman had fours sons in about 1868 when they moved from a farm between Slopertown road and Harrison street northwest of Davenport, IA and bought the island and renamed it Offerman's Island.
In 1894 the county land ownership maps still showed John as the owner of Credit Island.
Offerman's Island was part of Rockingham Township in Scott County, Iowa, United States. Before the purchase it was also named Suburban Island, Grand Island, and Manhattan Island.
Suburban Island: 1904 -.
In the 1890s, amusement parks opened up on Campbell's Island, Prospect Park, and Black Hawk State Park on the Illinois side and Suburban Island and Schutzen Park on the Iowa side.
In the fall of 1904, the name of Credit Island was changed to Suburban Island because of the railroad that ran to the island. In 1918, the City of Davenport bought the island. Davenport Park Board meeting minutes started being documented in 1918, and no mention of the amusement park was made so it likely was gone by then.
The island also had a Figure 8 Roller Coaster 1905 until an unknown date.

</doc>
<doc id="5988730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988730" title="Eugène Christophe">
Eugène Christophe

Eugène Christophe (born Malakoff, Paris, France, 22 January 1885, died Paris, 1 February 1970 in) was a French road bicycle racer and pioneer of cyclo-cross. He was a professional from 1904 until 1926. In 1919 he became the first rider to wear the yellow jersey of the Tour de France .
Eugène Christophe rode 11 Tours de France and finished eight. He never won but he became famous for having to weld together his bicycle while leading. It was one of a series of events that coloured his racing career.
Origins.
Eugène Christophe rode his first race when he was 18 and his last when he was 41 in 1926. He worked as a locksmith until racing took over his life.
Tour de France.
The 1906 race.
The 1906 Tour de France was Christophe's first. He finished in ninth place behind Rene Pottier.
The 1912 race.
In the 1912 Tour de France Christophe was denied victory by the system of awarding victory to the winner on points. Throughout the race he was the strongest rider, but the Belgians rode together to win sprints to amass points. Only when Christophe could drop the peloton did he finish ahead of eventual winner Odile Defraye.
Christophe won three consecutive stages using this method (including the Tour's longest successful solo break of 315 km to Grenoble). Had the race been decided on time, the result would have been closer - Christophe would have led until the final stage, when he sat up in disgust allowing a group to ride away. As a result the 1913 race reverted to a time-based classification.
1913 and the Tourmalet incident.
In 1913 Christophe was well placed to win when a mechanical failure cost him the race. He rode the first part, from Paris to Cherbourg and then down the coast to the Pyrenees cautiously. He was in second place when the race stopped in Bayonne on the night before the first day in the mountains, when the course a succession of cols: the Oschquis, Aubisque, Soulor, Gourette, Tourmalet, Aspin and Peyresourde. The field set off at 3am with Christophe 4m 5s behind Odile Defraye, of Belgium.
Christophe rode for Peugeot and his team attacked from the start to demoralise the rival Alcyon riders and, in particular, Defraye. It worked. Defraye was 11 minutes behind at Oloron-Ste-Marie, 14 in Eaux-Bonnes, 60 at Argelès. He dropped out at Barèges, at the foot of the Tourmalet, the highest pass in the Pyrenees. Christophe dropped all the field except another Belgian, Philippe Thys, who followed at a few hundred metres. Thys was of no danger, however, because he had lost too much time earlier. The two were five minutes ahead of the rest.
Christophe stopped at the top of the mountain, reversed his back wheel to pick a higher gear
Christophe said:
It took two hours to reach the forge. Lecomte offered to weld the broken forks back together but a race official and managers of rival teams would not allow it. A rider, said the rules, was responsible for his own repairs and outside assistance was prohibited. Christophe set about the repair as Lecomte told him what to do. It took three hours and the race judge penalised him 10 minutes - reduced later to three - because Christophe had allowed a seven-year old boy, Corni, to pump the bellows for him. Filling his pockets with bread, Christophe set off over two more mountains and eventually finished the tour in seventh place. The building on the site of the forge has a plaque commemorating the episode.
The forks which cost Christophe the race were taken away by Peugeot. He didn't see them again until a dying man bequeathed them to him more than 30 years later. Some reports say that Christophe broke his forks because he ran into a car on the descent. The historian and author, Bill McGann, says:
First world war.
Christophe became a soldier when France declared war in 1914. He served with a cycling battalion.
1919 race and the "maillot jaune".
In 1919 Christophe became the first man to wear the yellow jersey of race leader, though he was destined not to win the race overall. Christophe was riding with a grey La Sportive jersey when, while leading, Desgrange gave him the first maillot jaune. Christophe said:
However, Christophe was not at first pleased to wear the yellow jersey as he complained that the spectators laughed and told him that he looked like a canary.
By the start of the penultimate stage from Metz to Dunkirk, he was leading by 30 minutes. His fork broke again, this time on the cobbles of Valenciennes and, although being within a kilometre of the nearest forge, he lost more than two and a half hours and the race while he made repairs. On the final stage he had a run of punctures and dropped from second to third overall behind Jean Alavoine. His story captured the public imagination and he was awarded the same prize money as winner Firmin Lambot. His prize - 13,310 francs - came from a subscription opened by "L'Auto", the paper which organised the race. Donations ranged from three francs to 500 given by Henri de Rothschild. It took 20 lists in the paper to name every donor.
Christophe kept the repaired forks in the basement of his home.
1922 race and another broken fork.
Placed in the top three and still in with a chance of overall victory, another broken fork on the descent of the Galibier in the Alps forced Christophe to once more walk out of the mountain on foot.
The 1925 race.
The 1925 Tour was Christophe's last. He was 40 and finished 18th, 19 years after first riding the race. The anecdote of the race was that the Belgian, Emile Masson, was so tired from long and repeated days of racing that he asked Christophe to punch him in the face to wake him up.
Commemoration.
The French cycling federation in 1951 placed a plaque on the wall of the building that stands now where the forge once stood at Ste-Marie-de-Campan. Christophe, then 66, re-enacted the day that cost him the Tour de France. He carried his bike on his shoulder, the front wheel in his hand, to the forge. There, wearing race clothes, he played out the way he had repaired his forks. With him were the judge who supervised him that day, and Corni, who as an 11-year-old had helped pump the fire. They were joined by Mme Despiau, the first woman Christope met on entering the village.
The plaque on the wall read:
Christophe's name was spelled the second time, as shown, with a missing H. The plaque stayed there until 2003, when it was replaced to mark the 100th anniversary of the Tour.
In 1965, Radio Luxembourg held a party to mark Christophe's 80th birthday. The station announced that he was cycling to the station from Malakoff and, jokingly, said anyone seeing a tiny old man riding a heavy bike through Paris should give him a wave: it would be Eugène Christophe. By the time Christophe reached the studio, he was in a cortège of 100 cycling fans, among them the former world champion, Georges Speicher.
The square at Ste-Marie-de-Campan, and a make of toe-clips, are named after him.
Milan – San Remo.
Christophe is most famous for the broken forks of the Tour de France but his suffering was greater in Milan – San Remo in March 1910. He was 25. There were 71 on the line. Only three reached San Remo. Christophe said:
Christophe looked at the man and said "casa" . He took him into the house, undressed him and wrapped him in a blanket. Christophe did physical exercises to get his blood restarted. Then van Hauwaert and Paul came in. "They were so frozen that they put their hands into the flames. Ernest Paul had lost a shoe without noticing," Christophe said.
It took a month in hospital for Christophe to recover from frostbite to his hands and the damage the cold had done to his body. It was another two years before he got back to his original health. Only three riders finished and the result is still uncertain because some reports say van Hauwaert came fourth and others that he was disqualified for hanging on to a car.
Cyclo-cross.
Christophe was national cyclo-cross champion from 1909 to 1914, then again in 1921.
Personality.
Christophe was a short and methodical man who raced with a 20 franc coin, a 10 franc coin, a chain link and a spoke key in a chamois bag hung round his neck. The journalist Jock Wadley, who visited him at Malakoff, said: "M. Christophe had a tidy mind. That is why his workshop is tidy, with every tool clean and in its place. His home is equally in order. I had merely to mention some subject and he would go to a drawer, take out an envelope or a file, marked 'Tour 1912' or 'Paris–Roubaix 1920' or ' "cross-cyclo pédèstre" '. Every photograph had a neatly written caption on the back."
His race diary dated from the start of the 1920s. A neat, small hand described every race, stage by stage, his impressions, results and expenses. Christophe said that every night in the race hotel he laid out his kit like a fireman, "so that the moment I was called in the morning I didn't waste time looking for my clothes and equipment. Shoes, jersey, goggles, shorts and the rest of it were laid out neatly."
Wadley added:
Death.
Eugène Christophe died in the Hôpital Broussais in Paris. He lived in Malakoff, near Paris, all his life. He was a member of the L'Etoile Sportive de Malakoff cycling club from his first races until his death. Jacques Anquetil awarded him the Tour de France medal at the end of the 1965 race. Christophe was 81 at the time.
Reputation.
Christophe never won the Tour, but his stories have become part of the race's mythology. Christophe (like René Vietto and Raymond Poulidor after him) is celebrated as an eternal second, more famous for his near-misses than his more successful rivals.

</doc>
<doc id="5988731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988731" title="American Advertising Federation Hall of Fame">
American Advertising Federation Hall of Fame

The Advertising Hall of Fame is a list of notable advertising leaders in America as chosen by the American Advertising Federation.
It was founded in 1948 as a result of a proposal by the New York Ad Club and its president, Andrew Haire, to the Advertising Federation of America, the predecessor organization to the American Advertising Federation.
It honors advertising leaders - from their significant contributions to the advertising industry to their personal commitment to society.

</doc>
<doc id="5988737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988737" title="Stephen Platten">
Stephen Platten

Stephen George Platten (born 17 May 1947 in Southgate) was the last diocesan Bishop of Wakefield in the Church of England. He was consecrated in this role on 19 July 2003 and immediately prior to that was Dean of Norwich from 1995.
Life.
His homepage states that he:
It also states that his interests include reading, walking, Northumberland and music.
Platten is married to Rosslie, whose work is focused particularly on children with special needs. They have two sons – Aidan and Gregory – who have both studied at Cuddesdon Theological College and were made deacons in 2003 and ordained priests in 2004. Gregory is chaplain of Lincoln College, Oxford.
Platten was educated at the Stationers' Company School. He has a BEd degree from the Institute of Education and a Postgraduate Diploma in Theology from Cuddesdon College. He was awarded a BD degree at Trinity College, Oxford.
Platten was made deacon in 1975 and ordained priest in 1976 in the Diocese of Oxford. His ministry positions include being a residentiary canon at Portsmouth Cathedral and the Diocese of Portstmouth's Director of Ordinands (1983–1990), Archbishop of Canterbury’s Secretary for Ecumenical Affairs (1990–1995) and Minister Provincial of the Third Order of St Francis in its European Province (1991–1996).
Platten was admitted to sit in the House of Lords as one of the Lords Spiritual on 22 June 2009.
It was announced on 3 November 2013 that, following the dissolution of the Diocese of Wakefield on 20 April 2014, Platten is to become Rector or St Michael's, Cornhill in the City of London and an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of London, taking post in July 2014.
Writings.
He has also edited:
He has edited and contributed to eight books:

</doc>
<doc id="5988739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988739" title="Luigi Lucotti">
Luigi Lucotti

Luigi Lucotti (December 18, 1893 in Voghera – December 29, 1980 in Voghera) was an Italian road bicycle racer who has won three stages in the Tour de France and a stage at the Giro d'Italia.

</doc>
<doc id="5988740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988740" title="David Stott Building">
David Stott Building

The David Stott Building is a class-A office building located at 1150 Griswold Street (corner of Griswold and State Streets) in Downtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Capitol Park Historic District. It was designed in the Art Deco style by the architectural firm of Donaldson and Meier and completed in 1929.
Description.
The skyscraper is named after a Detroit businessman who owned a mill and was on the boards of multiple other companies. It has 38 stories, with three additional floors below street level. The building rises from a reddish granite base and incorporates brick, marble (on the first three floors from the street), and limestone as its surface materials. As with many of the other Detroit buildings of the era, it boasts architectural sculpture by Corrado Parducci. The tower's tiered summit is brightly lighted with uplights on each facade and complements the similarly lighted Westin Book Cadillac Hotel downtown. The David Stott Building neighbors 1001 Woodward to the southeast. SkyBar Detroit opened in 2011 on the 33rd floor of the David Stott Tower.

</doc>
<doc id="5988750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988750" title="Honoré Barthélémy">
Honoré Barthélémy

Honoré Barthélémy (25 September 1890 – 17 May 1964) was a French road bicycle racer who took part and finished fifth overall and won four stages in the 1919 Tour de France. He was born in Paris, France.
In 1920, says the "Yellow Jersey Guide to the Tour de France", he crashed on the stage to Aix-en-Provence and only slowly got back on his bike, dazed and bloody. He could not bend his back and had to turn his handlebars upside down to be able to continue. As his dizziness lessened, he realised that what he thought was concussion was blindness. A flint had gone into an eye.
Despite that, he finished not only that day but the Tour, coming eighth despite half-blindness, a broken shoulder and a dislocated wrist. He was carried in triumph at the finish. Nor did he stop racing when he was fitted with a glass eye. Dusty roads made it uncomfortable and he often took it out. The socket would then become infected and he would plug it with cotton.
"It makes no difference to my sight but it's more comfortable," he said. The glass eye often fell out and in 1924 he had to get down on his knees on the finish line to see where it had gone. He grumbled that he spent more on replacement eyes than he earned in prizes.
At the 1921 Tour de France, he finished third overall and won stage 12. He last rode the Tour de France in 1927, abandoning on stage 9.
He twice won the marathon Bol d'Or track race in 1925 and 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="5988760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988760" title="High School for Law Enforcement and Criminal Justice">
High School for Law Enforcement and Criminal Justice

High School for Law Enforcement and Criminal Justice (LE/CJ in short) is a high school located in Houston, Texas, United States. The school serves grades 9 through 12 and is a part of the Houston Independent School District.
LE/CJ is an all-magnet high school that has Houston ISD's magnet program for law enforcement and criminal justice. Children from surrounding neighborhoods are not automatically eligible for LE/CJ; pupils in the surrounding area are zoned to Reagan High School. Prospective students are required to take a test for admission.
During the students enrollment at LE/CJ he/she will be subjected to various classes that teach him/her how to operate in either the Law Enforcement or Criminal Justice fields.
The school is on an property.
History.
Houston ISD, the Houston Police Department, and the Mayor's Office cooperated to establish the law enforcement program on three separate campuses. By 1980 the district decided to consolidate the program to one campus. HSLECJ opened on Monday, January 19, 1981 in the former George Washington School building. It became the first law enforcement special curricula high school in the United States.
In 2012 an item to rename the school "High School for Law and Justice" was removed from the HISD board agenda. In the northern hemisphere fall of 2012 the HSLECJ campus had an estimated value of $26 million.
As of July 2013 St. Thomas High School and the investment group AV Dickson Street were engaged in a dispute over the acquisition of the HSLECJ property. On Thursday July 18, 2013 the HISD board rejected both requests. David Thompson, the HISD board attorney, stated that both bidders violated the district's code of silence policy.
On October 15, 2013, Elk Mountain Ltd. made a cash bid of $47,927,114, while St. Thomas had made a bid of $45 million. In November 2013 St. Thomas offered $60 million for the campus. The final deadline for bids was November 1, 2013. Gary Hansel, the HISD real estate manager, stated that he did not know if Elk Mountain and AV Dickson Street were the same group, but that they shared a broker.
A new HSLEJC is being built to replace the current campus.
Location.
LECJ is located on an property at the intersection of Shepherd Road and Memorial Drive, adjacent to St. Thomas High School, a private Roman Catholic high school.
Demographics.
In 2012 the school had 710 students.
School uniform.
HS L.E.C.J. requires school uniforms. School requires the wear of navy, black, grey, or white polo shirt with school insignia, and navy or black trousers, they may also wear blue jeans all week long. On Fridays, students are permitted to wear a Friday shirt (such as club shirts and class shirts).
In 2007 principal Carol Mosteit said that the uniforms were intended for students to, in the words of Sarah Viren of the "Houston Chronicle", "look the part" for law enforcement jobs that the students may take in the future.
Clubs.
JROTC
Explorers
Alma Latina
Adventurer Club 
Business Professionals of America (BPA) 
Salsa Club
National Honor Society (NHS)
Debate

</doc>
<doc id="5988765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988765" title="Hector Heusghem">
Hector Heusghem

Hector Heusghem (Ransart, 15 February 1890 — Montignies-le-Tilleul, 29 March 1982) was a Belgian cyclist who finished second in the 1920 and 1921 Tour de France. He also won three stages, in 1920 at Aix-en-Provence and Grenoble, in 1921 in Luchon.
In 1922, Heusghem took over the yellow jersey with just three stages to go but on the next day fell foul of the rules. Having broken his frame, he swapped bicycles without permission and received a one hour penalty that relegated him to fourth and handing the tour to Firmin Lambot.
Hector Heusghem was brother of cyclists Pierre-Joseph Heusghem and Louis Heusghem.

</doc>
<doc id="5988769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988769" title="Newport (Shropshire) (UK Parliament constituency)">
Newport (Shropshire) (UK Parliament constituency)

Newport (Shropshire) is a former United Kingdom Parliamentary constituency for the town of Newport, Shropshire. It was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1885 to 1918. It elected one Member of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="5988770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988770" title="Eldred Tabachnik">
Eldred Tabachnik

Eldred Tabachnik, QC (born 5 November 1943) is a South African-born English barrister, recorder and a former president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews. He is currently President of the British Friends of Boys Town Jerusalem.
After reading law at the University of Cape Town, he qualified as an Advocate at the South African Bar. He came to England and gained a LLM with distinction for commercial law and restitution. He then lectured in law at University College, London. He was called to the Bar in 1970, and was created a QC in 1982. He was appointed Master of the Bench of the Inner Temple in 1982, and has been a Recorder since 2000. He is now part of 11 King's Bench Walk Chambers in London.
He covers a range of employment law from judicial review and public law, to commercial law. He has written on legal subjects and is on the committee of the Industrial Relations Law Review. He is past president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews. Tabachnik is a friend of the British Prime Minister Tony Blair (who trained in 11 King's Bench Walk Chambers) and the fundraiser and businessman Lord Levy. He praised Blair for his plans to create an annual Holocaust Memorial Day on January 27, stating ""It is essential that we remember the genocides of the last century and learn their lessons for the future."".

</doc>
<doc id="5988771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988771" title="Pylaia">
Pylaia

Pylaia () is a suburb of the Thessaloniki Urban Area and a former municipality in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Pylaia-Chortiatis, of which it is a municipal unit. Pylaia covers 24.379 km2 with 4,5 km of coastline extending along the shores of the Thermaic Gulf and had a 2001 census population of 22,744 inhabitants. Pylaia is relatively sparsely populated for a municipality within the Thessaloniki Urban Area.
History.
The first reference to Pylaia is found in the historian Thucydides, in 319 BC, under the name Strepsa. It was later known as Kapoutzida, from the Turkish word "kapıcı" ("gatekeeper"), deriving from the guards watching over the city walls of Byzantine Thessaloniki. The current name came into general use in 1927, and is derived from the word Pyle (πυλη), meaning gateway and referring to the Eastern Entrance of the city.
Notable residents.
Paschalis Terzis, singer

</doc>
<doc id="5988775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988775" title="Rinehart (Harvard)">
Rinehart (Harvard)

The cry of Rinehart! (more fully Oh, R-i-i-i-n-e-HART!) was a part of Harvard University student and alumni culture in the early decades of the 20th Century.
The cry references an unknown undergraduate's call, from ground to dormitory window, for John Bryce Gordon Rinehart (1875-1954; Harvard class of 1900). His cry of "Oh, R-i-i-i-n-e-HART!" drifting across Harvard Yard was inexplicably and spontaneously taken up by hundreds of students and echoed from the open windows of dormitories surrounding the quadrangle.
This occurred on June 11, 1900. For the next forty years or so, cries of "Oh, R-i-i-i-n-e-HART!". described as "Harvard's rebel yell" could be heard at random times and around the world, wherever Harvard men traveled or congregated, sometimes signalling the start of merry revelry.
John Barrymore mentioned the "Rinehart!" cry in the 1939 movie "The Great Man Votes". The call was included by journalist George Frazier in his 1932 song "Harvard Blues" (music by Tab Smith), recorded in 1941 by Count Basie and included on the compilation "The Count Basie Story, Disc 3 - Harvard Blues" (2001, Proper Records). 
Thomas Pynchon describes the cry in "Against the Day":
Various legends grew up around the call; for instance, a Harvard man in Africa who was about to be kidnapped by some Arabs supposedly screamed "Rinehart!" and was rescued because there happened to be another Harvard man nearby in the French Foreign Legion.
Origin.
It is now considered established the original target of the call was James Bryce Gordon Rinehart (Harvard 1900). A contemporary piece in the "Harvard Crimson" adds details:
As this origin faded from memory, while the cry itself remained current, various false origin stories were circulated. One had Mr Rinehart hiring other students to call his name, to make him appear more popular. These origin stories were collected, and a new one suggested, by Gordon Allport in a prize-winning undergraduate essay.

</doc>
<doc id="5988786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988786" title="The Birthday Concert">
The Birthday Concert

The Birthday Concert is a live album by Jaco Pastorius, recorded in Florida in 1981 in celebration of the bassman's 30th year. It was released posthumously by Warner Bros. on Sept. 26, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5988788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988788" title="West Kowloon Waterfront Promenade">
West Kowloon Waterfront Promenade

West Kowloon Waterfront Promenade () is a promenade running alongside Victoria Harbour on reclamed land west of Kwun Chung on the Kowloon peninsula of Hong Kong. It opened to the public on 17September 2005. 
The promenade starts at the junction of Nga Cheung Road () and Austin Road West, outside the toll gate leading to the Western Harbour Crossing. 
As the West Kowloon Cultural District project has remained stagnant after a long debate, the Hong Kong Government constructed a promenade on unused reclamed land. The promenade is decorated with pillars of wind chimes and illuminated paintings as well as calligraphy invarious styles.
Specialties.
Timber Boardwalk.
The section along the shore is covered with wooden strips made from construction waste.
Dragon of Lanterns.
There are seventy high triangular lighting towers on the "Dragon of Lanterns" . Wind chimes are hung at the top of the lighting towers.

</doc>
<doc id="5988791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988791" title="Romain Bellenger">
Romain Bellenger

Romain Bellenger (Paris, 18 January 1894 — Cahors, 25 November 1981) was a French road racing cyclist who came third in the 1923 Tour de France and eighth in the 1924 Tour de France and won three stages.

</doc>
<doc id="5988792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988792" title="Judith Hoffberg">
Judith Hoffberg

Judith Hoffberg (1934 – January 16, 2009) was a librarian, archivist, lecturer, a curator and art writer, and editor and publisher of "Umbrella", a newsletter on artists' books, mail art, and Fluxus art. She received a B.A. in Political Science from UCLA in 1956. She went on to get an M.A. in Italian Language and Literature in 1960 and an M.L.S. from the UCLA School of Library Service in June 1964.
Biography.
She was a Special Intern at the Library of Congress after serving as a cataloguer in 1964–65 at the Johns Hopkins University Bologna Center in Italy. At the Library of Congress, she was a cataloguer in the Prints & Photographs Division until 1967, when she served as the Fine Arts Librarian at the University of Pennsylvania from 1967–1969. She went on to UCSD from 1969 to 1971 as art, literature and language bibliographer and to the Brand Library in Glendale, CA as Director from 1971 to 1973. From 1974 to 1976, she worked for the Smithsonian Institution as Archivist and Editorial Assistant for the "Bicentennial Bibliography of American Arts".
In 1973, she co-founded Art Libraries Society of North America (ARLIS). She served as the Society's first Chairman, editor of "ARLIS/NA Newsletter" from 1972 to 1977 and its Executive Secretary from 1974 to 1977.
In 1978, Hoffberg founded Umbrella Associates. Her work included consulting with archives and libraries. She edited and published "Umbrella", a newsletter about artists' books and publications. In her work as a writer, editor, and curator, she enthusiastically championed Fluxus, inexpensive artists' books, mail art, rubber-stamp art, and many other offbeat forms of expression of the second half of the 20th century. Hoffberg also lectured widely throughout the US and abroad. Her collection of artists books is split between the University of California at Los Angeles and the UCSB; her collection of some 15,000 pieces of umbrelliana is at the UCSD, in La Jolla.
In 2000, Hoffberg and Béatrice Coron founded the International Edible Book Festival. 
Hoffberg died on January 16, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5988795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988795" title="Gayton Thorpe">
Gayton Thorpe

Gayton Thorpe is a village in Norfolk, England, within the civil parish of Gayton in King's Lynn and West Norfolk.
Church of St Mary.
Its church, St. Mary, is one of 124 existing round-tower churches in Norfolk, and a Grade I listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="5988797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988797" title="Fritz Schär">
Fritz Schär

Fritz Schär (13 March 1926 in Kaltenbach – 29 September 1997 in Frauenfeld) was a Swiss cyclist who in 1953 won the first green jersey ever in the Tour de France. He also finished third in the general classification in the 1954 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="5988804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988804" title="Cadillac Tower">
Cadillac Tower

The Cadillac Tower is a 40-story, Neo-Gothic skyscraper designed by the architectural firm of Bonnah & Chaffee at 65 Cadillac Square in Downtown Detroit, Michigan, not far from Renaissance Center. The building's materials include terra cotta and brick. It was built in 1927 as Barlum Tower. At the top of the tower is a tall guyed mast for local radio station WJLB and television station WLPC-CD. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
History.
Cadillac Tower was the first building outside New York City and Chicago to have 40 floors, including two below ground. The building also houses the city of Detroit's Planning and Development Department, and its Recreation Department. Cadillac Tower's decorative cornices and parapets are of varying heights. The corner spires rise to a height of , and the spires at the middle façade rise to the same height of the mechanical penthouse at .
From 1994 to 2000, one side of the building featured a 14-story mural of Detroit Lions star player Barry Sanders. The mural was retired after a six-year deal with Nike expired. That mural was then replaced with one of Detroit Red Wings star Steve Yzerman. Currently the building features an ad for TAP, a sports bar at the MGM Grand Detroit Casino.
In January 2008, the City of Detroit and Cadillac Tower's owner Northern Group, Inc., announced plans for Cadillac Centre, a $150-million mixed-use residential entertainment-retail complex attached to the skyscraper. Designed by architect Anthony Caradonna, the contemporary steel and glass 24-story center would have filled in the currently vacant Monroe Block adjacent to Campus Martius. This project was put on indefinite hold ultimately being replaced by Meridian Health Plan's future headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="5988806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988806" title="Dick Hutton">
Dick Hutton

Richard "Dick" Hutton (October 4, 1923 – November 24, 2003) was an American amateur and professional wrestler. He was a three-time NCAA champion and, as a professional, held the NWA World Heavyweight Championship.
Early life.
Hutton was born in Amarillo, Texas to Bailey and Gladys Hutton. He had one brother, Jerald Hutton. He moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma later on. Dick joined the army and was a veteran of World War II.
He attended Oklahoma A&M and went on to Oklahoma State University.
While at Oklahoma State University he was the NCAA wrestling champion three times, in 1947, 1948 and 1950 (In 1949 he lost in the finals to Verne Gagne, future professional wrestler).
Also while at Oklahoma State University, he went to the 1948 Olympic Games. He came 5th in Freestyle wrestling.
Professional wrestling career.
Hutton made his debut in 1952, in a loss against Bill Longson. Hutton left Tulsa, as it was primarily a territory for light-heavyweight wrestlers, and went to Texas.
While in Columbus, Ohio, in a territory run by Al Haft, Hutton would wrestle members of the audience. Beating Hutton would've earned the fan $1,000. No one ever won.
Hutton developed a friendship with Lou Thesz. Thesz chose Hutton to be the next NWA Champion, winning the title from himself. On November 14, 1957, in Toronto's Maple Leaf Gardens 10,000 people saw Hutton beat Thesz for the belt after 35:15, when Thesz submitted to an abdominal stretch.
He teamed regularly with Gene Kiniski in Toronto.
On January 9, 1959, after a championship reign of 421 days, Hutton dropped the belt to Pat O'Connor.
Hutton never really had much other success in professional wrestling. He was criticised by some people for having a lack of charisma with poor drawing ability. However, many other wrestlers praised his wrestling ability.
Retirement.
Hutton was forced into retirement because of heart trouble and other injuries. He lived out the rest of his life with Katherine, his second wife. He died on November 24, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5988813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988813" title="Excitatory amino-acid transporter 5">
Excitatory amino-acid transporter 5

Excitatory amino-acid transporter 5 (EAAT5) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "SLC1A7" gene.
EAAT4 is expressed predominantly in the retina, has high affinity for the excitatory amino acid L-glutamate. When stimulated by this amino acid, EAAT5 conducts chloride ions.

</doc>
<doc id="5988815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988815" title="Excitatory amino-acid transporter 4">
Excitatory amino-acid transporter 4

Excitatory amino-acid transporter 4 (EAAT4) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "SLC1A6" gene.
EAAT4 is expressed predominantly in the cerebellum, has high affinity for the excitatory amino acids L-aspartate and L-glutamate. When stimulated by these amino acids, EAAT4 conducts chloride ions.

</doc>
<doc id="5988817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988817" title="Live at the Hammersmith Odeon (Nuclear Assault album)">
Live at the Hammersmith Odeon (Nuclear Assault album)

Live at the Hammersmith Odeon is a live album by Thrash metal band Nuclear Assault, released in 1992. This is the straight audio copy of Nuclear Assault's video Handle With Care, but some tracks were excluded from the compact disc version.

</doc>
<doc id="5988823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988823" title="Agonizer">
Agonizer

Agonizer is a heavy metal band from Pyhäjärvi, Finland.
History.
Agonizer formed in 1998 with the six-man line-up of Olli Solitanner on vocals, Mika Heinonen playing the keyboard and providing back-up vocals, J-P Perälä and Lasse Löytynoja on guitar, 
Jussi Tikka on bass and Toni Qvick playing the drums, recording their first demo 'Eternal Night' at Studio Jambo in Iisalmi. 
The demo was received well by Finnish music magazines, and Agonizer followed it up in 1999 with "Last Sign of Light", recorded at Astia Studios in Lappeenranta, a studio noted for its favour by Children of Bodom. Shortly after recording, vocalist Olli Solitanner left the band, and was replaced by Pasi Kärkkäinen, who lent a distinctly different singing style to the music. The band liked his style enough to return to Astia Studios to re-record the vocals for "Last Sign of Light". Shortly after this, they played alongside Children of Bodom, Amorphis and Sonata Arctica at several gigs.
In 2001, Agonizer recorded their third demo, "Lord of Lies", again at Astia Studios. This demo was also well-received, but it was not until the next year that Century Records in Germany called the band. After negotiating for six months, Agonizer emerged without a contract.
Agonizer released "Anthems of Agony", a compilation of songs from their previous demos, in 2002. That summer, guitarist Lasse Löytynoja left and Joni Laine stepped in to take his place. Again, the band found a new element to their music. By 2003, their fourth demo, entitled "Cain" was released. It won 'Demo of the Month' award in Finnish music magazine 'Rumba', and received airplay in England, Brazil, Germany, Greece, Belgium, Peru, The Netherlands, Lithuania, and Spain.
"World of Fools", their fifth demo EP, was released in March 2004, again to positive reviews.
Agonizer were selected to play at the first Finnish Metal Expo, where they reached the finals of a contest to play alongside three other bands after being chosen from a total line-up of 148 bands. However, the expo also heralded the departure of their drummer, Toni Qvick, after what were cited as being 'long-standing differences'. His position was filled by Atte Palokangas.
Not so long after Finnish Metal Expo, Mika Heinonen left the band. Band first considered to go on without a keyboardist, but finally informed that Joni's younger brother Patrik had taken the place.
In April 2007, Agonizer signed a recording contract with Spinefarm Records. Later on (August 2007) debut album "Birth / The End" was released with release gig ("Heavy Metal Underground +1400") held at Pyhäsalmi Mine, in world record depth (Guinness World Records - Deepest concert underground) of 1410 m.

</doc>
<doc id="5988852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988852" title="After Dark (TV series)">
After Dark (TV series)

After Dark was a British late-night live discussion programme broadcast on Channel 4 television between 1987 and 1997, and on the BBC in 2003. Roly Keating of the BBC described it as "one of the great television talk formats of all time". In 2010 the television trade magazine "Broadcast" wrote ""After Dark" defined the first 10 years of Channel 4, just as "Big Brother" did for the second".
Broadcast live and with no scheduled end time, the series, inspired by an Austrian programme called "Club 2", was considered to be a groundbreaking reinvention of the discussion programme format. The programme was hosted by a variety of presenters, and each episode had around half a dozen guests, often including a member of the public. Guests would be selected to provoke lively discussion, and memorable conversations included footballer Garth Crooks disputing the future of the game with politician Sir Rhodes Boyson, MP Teresa Gorman walking out of a discussion about unemployment with Billy Bragg, and Oliver Reed drunkenly kissing Kate Millett during a programme that asked "Do Men Have To Be Violent?".
The show ended in 1991 but a number of one-off specials and a BBC revival followed. In 2004 the programme was characterised as "legendary" by the Open University.
Start on Channel 4.
Jeremy Isaacs, the founding Chief Executive of Channel 4, wrote an account of the network's early years in his book "Storm Over 4". In it he selects twenty-six programmes ('a very personal... choice'), including "After Dark", which he describes as follows:
The programme allowed Isaacs to realise one of his longest-held ambitions. "When I first started in television at Granada... Sidney Bernstein said to me that the worst words ever uttered on TV were, I'm sorry, that's all we have time for. Especially since they were always uttered just as someone was about to say something really interesting." "After Dark" would only end when its guests had nothing more to say.
From late April in 1987, Channel 4 screened a "Nighttime" strand, a mixture of films and discussion programmes that ran until 3am on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays. Channel 4 launched "After Dark" as an open ended format broadcast on Friday nights (later Saturday nights) as an original piece of programming that would be inexpensive to produce. There was no 'chair', simply a 'host', and the discussion took place around a coffee table in a darkened studio. Due to its late-night scheduling the series was dubbed "After Closing Time" by one critic.
The series was made by production company Open Media. The series editor, Sebastian Cody, talking about the programme in an interview in 2003, said that "Reality TV is artificial. "After Dark" is real in the sense that what you see is what you get, which isn't the case with something that's been edited to give the illusion of being real. Other shows wind people up with booze beforehand, then when they're actually on the programme they give them glasses of water. We give our guests nothing until they arrive on set and then they can drink orange juice, or have a bottle of wine. And we let them go to the loo."
Viewer response.
In 1987, "The Times" wrote: ""After Dark", the closest Britain gets to an unstructured talk show, is already finding that the more serious the chat, the smaller the audience... Channel 4's market research executive Sue Clench... says that around three million saw some of "After Dark" in its first slot."
The audience survey conducted later by Channel 4 reported that "After Dark" was watched by 13% of all adults, rising to what the research company referred to as a "staggering figure" of 28% amongst young men. One viewer is quoted in the academic study "Talk on Television" as follows:
Guest response.
Author James Rusbridger wrote in "The Listener" magazine: "When I appeared on a Channel 4 "After Dark" programme recently my postman, milkman and more than two dozen strangers stopped me in the street and said how much they'd enjoyed it and quoted verbatim extracts from the discussion." Catholic priest Father Michael Seed was quoted as saying: "I went on a programme called" After Dark "on Channel 4 once with a prostitute, a psychiatrist and a gay man. Afterwards they all started coming to see me."
Journalist Peter Hillmore described appearing on "After Dark" as follows:
Notable guests and programmes.
Series One.
Peter Hain, Clive Ponting, Peter Utley, Colin Wallace and ""Secrets"".
The first ever "After Dark" programme (1 May 1987) was described in "The Listener":
Nancy Banks-Smith wrote in "The Guardian":
The programme finished with the Beatles singing "Do You Want to Know a Secret?" Credits for this programme are listed here and an excerpt can be viewed here.
Simon Hughes.
The second programme of the first series - transmitted on 8 May 1987 - centered on press ethics and featured, among others, Tony Blackburn, Peter Tatchell, Victoria Gillick, the man who started the Profumo scandal and a "Private Eye" journalist. A week later "After Dark" broadcast the following correction in relation to the British Member of Parliament Simon Hughes: "Mr Hughes has asked us to say that he is not a homosexual, has never been a homosexual and has no intention of becoming a homosexual in the future."
David Mellor, David Yallop and ""The Mafia"".
Later in May 1987 the "Financial Times" described a discussion about the Mafia:
There were "spectacular corruption allegations from author David Yallop", described by "The Observer" as follows:
Chris Horrie and Peter Chippendale detail what followed: "the story had caused horror among the country's journalists, who waited breathlessly for a shower of writs to descend on the programme makers... But although hacks who missed the show swapped videos and endlessly replayed extracts for snippets of information, nothing happened to the programme makers." Some years later David Mellor and writer Gaia Servadio described how their friendship started on the programme.
Teresa Gorman and ""Is Britain Working?"".
On 12 June 1987, the night after the British General Election, "the first day of the third term of Thatcherism - a show called "Is Britain Working?" brought together victorious Tory MP Teresa Gorman; 'Red Wedge' pop singer Billy Bragg; Helen from the Stonehenge Convoy; old colonialist Colonel Hilary Hook... and Adrian, one of the jobless. It was a perfect example of the chemistry you can get. There were unlikely alliances (Bragg and Hook) and Mrs Gorman" ""stormed off the set, claiming she had been misled about the nature of the programme"" "She told the leftist pop singer Billy Bragg: "You and your kind are finished. We are the future now.""
"The Independent" said:
Jacques Vergès and ""Klaus Barbie"".
"After Dark", "ending its ten-week trial run, has been a remarkable success" wrote "The Independent" in July 1987. "The series has brought to television the rare acts of listening, thinking and thorough and subtle discussion... In the small hours of Saturday morning, Maitre Jacques Vergès, defence counsel to the Butcher of Lyons, leaned back on a sofa with a half-glass of something pale and put his case. A journalist and a canon and a Resistance fighter and a concentration camp survivor listened and put theirs." Vergès said "... the reason people were still prosecuted for massacring Jews was because the Jews were white; if they had not been, the crimes would have been swept under the carpet long ago."
"The Guardian" described what happened:
Series Two.
""Freemasonry"".
At the start of the second series "The Independent" reported ("Masons pull out of TV debate with policeman") that "Chief Inspector Brian Woollard, the Metropolitan Police officer at the centre of the Freemasonry controversy, will go on national television tonight to state his case." Woollard "completed 33 years in the force, earned seven commendations, and was responsible for tracking down the Angry Brigade." "The Listener' magazine described the programme:
Shere Hite and ""Marriage"".
Mark Lawson wrote in "The Independent":
"The Evening Standard" described this as "totally compelling viewing":
William "Spider" Wilson.
"The Sunday Times" said the programme on 4 March 1988 "certainly remains lodged in many minds. Spider... was 'discovered' by a programme researcher ferreting out characters at London’s cardboard city. Spider duly came into the Channel 4 studios, cobweb tattooed on his forehead, to talk about drug addiction, being gay and living rough. (Host) Helena Kennedy recalls that homeless Spider, sitting on the plump sofas in the mock studio living room with fellow guests, did not take kindly to being lectured about fecklessness by John Heddle, a Tory MP". She described the confrontation:
Bernadette McAliskey.
The "Financial Times" wrote of the programme on 18 March 1988:
""Horse Racing"".
The "Racing Post" described the programme broadcast on the evening after the 1988 Grand National:
Among the other guests was the Duchess of Argyll, appearing "so she said, to put the point of view of the horse", who later walked out of the programme "because she was so very sleepy".
""Derry ’68"".
Socialist Worker wrote "A recent discussion on the Irish civil rights struggle in 1968 provided one of the best nights' viewing in ages. Eamonn McCann dominated the whole discussion, destroying anyone who dared to cross him." The television reviewer of the "New Statesman" wrote that "The "After Dark" discussion, "Derry 68: Look Back in Anger?", was simply the most enlightening programme on Northern Ireland I have ever seen."
""Israel: 40 Years On"".
On 14 May 1988, the Daily Telegraph wrote:
""Winston Churchill"".
The "Socialist Worker" described the 28 May 1988 edition of "my favourite chat show":
As the "Radio Times" wrote later: "The most explosive argument was between Lord Hailsham and veteran trade unionist Jack Jones. There was... 50 years of hate between them."
Harvey Proctor and ""Open To Exposure?"".
Milton Shulman in "The Listener" magazine wrote about the edition broadcast on 4 June 1988:
And the "Evening Standard" described "riveting television":
Harry Belafonte, Denis Worrall and ""South Africa"".
"After the Nelson Mandela concert last summer, ("After Dark") ran a discussion programme including Harry Belafonte, Breyten Breytenbach, Denis Worrall and Ismail Ayob (Mandela's lawyer)." "The Guardian" described this as "the most civilised and stimulating of current TV programmes" (pictured here with a complete list of guests here) and later Victoria Brittain described the "extraordinary experience of debating with Worrall":
A year later it became public that there was "a revealing off-camera incident between Harry Belafonte and South Africa's ex-ambassador Denis Worrall. For the first three hours of the programme Worrall played Mr Nice Guy but in the closing 30 minutes the diplomatic layers peeled off. The noble Belafonte shook his head regretfully as Worrall's tone changed and he said he would pray for Worrall. Trying to regain lost ground after the programme, Worrall went up to Belafonte and, according to the production team, said: Well, Mr Belafonte, you're really quite intelligent, aren't you?"
Patricia Highsmith.
Following the programme broadcast on 18 June 1988 "The Guardian" wrote:
The "Today" newspaper wrote:
Bill Margold and ""Pornography"".
The "Evening Standard" reviewed the 25 June 1988 discussion:
"The Guardian" added:
All editions of "After Dark" ended with music, more or less related to the subject of the week. The "Evening Standard" noted: "This intelligent (mostly), thought-provoking discussion was brought to an end by the song 'It's illegal, it's immoral, or it makes you fat'."
""British Intelligence"".
In a discussion titled "British Intelligence", broadcast on 16 July 1988, the guests included Merlyn Rees, H. Montgomery Hyde and a man called Robert Harbinson, described by Francis Wheen in "The Independent" newspaper as follows:
Bryans himself wrote:
The journalist Paul Foot described it as "one magnificent edition of "After Dark" in which Robin Ramsay excelled himself." During the discussion, another guest, retired GCHQ employee Jock Kane, claimed "that the new procedures recommended by the Security Commission regarding the removal of documents from GCHQ had not been implemented four years later."
The following week "The Guardian" newspaper reported:
Bianca Jagger and ""Nicaragua"".
John Underwood wrote of the programme broadcast on 6 August 1988: "I recall hosting an edition of... "After Dark' 'in which (Bianca Jagger) intellectually crushed Dr John Silber, a senior adviser to Ronald Reagan, and Roberto Ferrey, an apologist for the Contras. Furthermore, she left Sir Alfred Sherman lost for words, a feat rarely achieved before or since."
Jonathan Miller and ""Alternative Medicine"".
In the "New Statesman" the writer Sean French described "the best moment of my week" occurring at the end of the 3 September 1988 edition:
Gerry Adams.
The following week Channel 4 dropped plans to invite the Sinn Féin president Gerry Adams "to appear on its late night talk show "After Dark", after protests from other contributors. The Independent Broadcasting Authority said then that it would have banned Mr Adams on the grounds that his views were offensive to public feeling. Channel 4 avoided a dispute with the IBA by dropping the programme, saying it had only wanted Mr Adams to appear if a suitable context could be found and that, at such short notice, it had been impossible to achieve that."
"The Guardian" wrote:
The "Daily Telegraph" wrote:
The row was placed in context by the academic study "The Media and Northern Ireland":
An alternative view is provided by Laura K. Donohue (writing in the "Cardozo Law Review" ), who summarises Professor Keith Ewing and Conor Gearty as follows:
Following a debate in the House of Commons Liz Forgan of Channel 4 challenged this account in a letter to "The Times":
The producer later commented in an article in "Lobster" magazine:
Series Three.
Tony Benn and ""Out of Bounds"".
The first programme of the third series was titled "Out of Bounds": "1988 was the year of the tri-centenary of the Bill of Rights, yet in May 1989, in the shadowy studio of Channel 4's "After Dark" programme, a group of former British and US intelligence agents discussed the merits and evils of new legislation on official secrets. When this legislation completes its processes through Parliament such a gathering is likely to become illegal."
The "Financial Times" wrote:
Tony Benn wrote in his diary, later published as "The End of an Era":
The Listener magazine described the programme:
Richard Norton-Taylor reported on guests who did not appear because of concerns about contempt of court: "Michael Randle and Pat Pottle, who admitted helping the spy, George Blake, escape from prison in 1966... have been dropped from the... programme... Mr Randle and Mr Pottle were arrested and released on police bail last week after admitting in a book that they had helped Blake escape." Michael Randle eventually appeared on "After Dark", fourteen years later, on 22 March 2003.
Hillsborough and ""Football – The Final Whistle?"".
On 20 May 1989, shortly after the Hillsborough disaster, "After Dark" invited bereaved parents to participate, which became a testament to their grief:
A lengthy extract from what bereaved mother Eileen Delaney said can be read here.
'Blue' and ""Drugs"".
A week later "The Times" wrote:
Edward Heath.
On 10 June 1989 "in the course of a bad-tempered late-night television discussion programme during the European election campaign in June, Prime Minister Edward Heath contemptuously rejected the possibility posed by the former American Defence Secretary Richard Perle that the political map of Europe was about to be transformed: 'Does anyone seriously believe that these satellite countries are going to become free democracies and does anyone really believe that Moscow is going to see the disintegration of the Soviet empire?'"
This was the first time a former Prime Minister appeared on "After Dark". Edward Heath was to be a guest again, on 2 March 1991, discussing the Persian Gulf with Lord Weidenfeld and Adnan Khashoggi.
""Germany – 50 Years On"".
In his book "A Thread of Gold" the Rabbi Albert Friedlander describes his participation in the "After Dark" discussion held on the 50th anniversary of the start of the Second World War:
""Body Beautiful"".
Later in September 1989, the "Evening Standard" said ""After Dark" 'provided us with the best talk, entertainment and drama of the weekend, when a group sat down to discuss the Body Beautiful. On one seat sat Mandy Mudd, representing the London Fat Woman's Group... Strategically seated next to her on the sofa was the exquisite Suzanne Younger, Miss United Kingdom... The most impressive guests were Molly Parkin, who asked all the right questions; ex-body builder Zoe Warwick, whose perceptiveness and incisive comments kept opening up new areas of discussion; and Professor Arthur Marwick, who had to bear the brunt of everyone's criticism and abuse... Ms Mudd and disabled actor Nabil Shaban shouted him down."
Series Four.
""Arms and the Gulf"".
The British Film Institute characterised the opening discussion of the new series in January 1991 as follows:
Oliver Reed and Kate Millett: ""Do Men Have To Be Violent?"".
At the height of the Gulf War, Oliver Reed appeared on an edition discussing militarism, masculine stereotypes and violence to women. Reed drank alcohol during the broadcast, leading him to become drunk, aggressive and incoherent. He referred to another member of the panel, who had a moustache, as 'tache' and used offensive language. After one hour Reed returned from the toilet and, getting more to drink, rolled on top of the noted feminist author Kate Millett, who then complained (though she later asked for a tape of the show to entertain her friends).
Another guest on the programme, author Neil Lyndon, wrote an article in "The Independent" about the experience which triggered further published comment:
The producer wrote later to the British television trade magazine "Broadcast":
In his column in the "Daily Mirror", Victor Lewis-Smith boasted of his hoax call: "The show was taken off air not by C4, but by... little-old-wine-drinking-me, sitting at home, far from the TV studio... Once connected, I shouted: 'Michael Grade is furious about this. Take the bloody programme off... now!'"
Channel 4's Deputy Programme Director, John Willis, wrote an internal memo: "Oliver Reed got drunk and a hoaxer caused the programme briefly to be taken off air. I view the latter with a great deal more seriousness than the former... 1,000 calls from an audience estimated at just 300,000. Remarkable."
Andy Croall and ""Satanic Ritual Abuse"".
Following the discussion on 9 March 1991, "After Rochdale", the "Mail On Sunday" reported:
The "Daily Telegraph" reported what happened next: "More than 100 Christians gathered outside County Hall to demonstrate their support for Mr Andrew Croall... Members of the National and Local Government Officers Association, meanwhile, held a protest backing the suspension. His supporters rallied before a meeting of the county social services committee. Mr Croall's remarks... had outraged members of NALGO, who called for his resignation." Mr Croall was "reinstated in August (1991), subject to restrictions that denied him direct responsibility for child care." He resigned in 1992 and took a full-time job with a born-again Christian organisation.
James Harries and ""Teachers"".
The "New Statesman" described the programme broadcast on 23 March 1991:
The Yorkshire Ripper.
"Today" described the programme broadcast on 6 April 1991:
The "Daily Star" added:
Mr Sutcliffe also said his son was "a lovely lad" a description with which Michael Winner very much disagreed.
Channel 4 axing.
In August 1991, Channel 4 announced the end of the series, an action which became the subject of an editorial in "The Times", and was described by the "Mail On Sunday" as "something died when "After Dark" was quietly killed off in the shadows last week":
"The Independent" newspaper noted: "Grade's programming is confused: he axed the talk show... allegedly to make way for even more innovative programmes, yet replaced it with a series of Seventies repeats. He praised "After Dark" lavishly in public but, in a letter to Edward Heath, said it 'promised more than it delivered'." The producer wrote later in an article in "Lobster" magazine:
An open letter was published, signed by Professor Sir Ian Kennedy, Buzz Aldrin, Billy Bragg, Beatrix Campbell, Lord Dacre, Gerald Kaufman, Mary Midgley, Richard Perle, Merlyn Rees, Richard Shepherd, Ralph Steadman, Peter Ustinov, Lord Weidenfeld and many others:
Angela Lambert wrote later in "The Independent":
Specials.
From 1993 Channel 4 broadcast a number of "After Dark" one-off specials. In 1995 the "Financial Times" wrote:
In 1997 a Channel 4 executive was said by "The Guardian" to be "insistent that 'it's a popular misconception that we killed it off. In fact we never lost it. We haven't done another series, but we did a one-off "After Dark" recently in our abortion season'. Bizarrely, Channel 4 cited "After Dark" as a model of the kind of cerebral programme it wanted when inviting (independent production company) submissions in May... 'I can't think of any ideas that would make better late-night programming than "After Dark",' he said, echoing the words of the original commissioning executive of "After Dark", Seamus Cassidy, who in an interview to the "Irish News" in 2005 said, "I'm probably most proud of "After Dark"."
""Bloody Bosnia"".
In 1993 "The Independent" magazine wrote of the first "After Dark" special, broadcast as part of the Channel 4 season "Bloody Bosnia":
Sinéad O'Connor and ""Ireland: Sex & Celibacy"".
In January 1995 "Sinéad O'Connor was so interested in a discussion about abuse and the Catholic church that she rang in to ask if she could appear. They sent a taxi to her home." The "Evening Standard" wrote that ""After Dark" made a brief reappearance last Saturday night when, true to its unpredictable form, Sinéad O'Connor walked on to the set 10 minutes before closedown." Host Helena Kennedy described the event:
""Lethal Justice"".
The "Glasgow Herald" wrote of the "After Dark" special broadcast on 17 August 1995:
Other notable programmes.
As listed on the webpage of "ITN Source":
Radio Times.
Some other "After Dark" programmes were highlighted in an article in the Radio Times in 2003:
BBC series.
In January 2003, "The Guardian" wrote:
Tom O'Carroll.
In March 2003 "After Dark" gave airtime to a self-confessed paedophile. "The Guardian" described the show:
Channel 4 anniversaries.
In October 2007, as part of its 25-year anniversary celebrations, Channel 4 repeated the first ever "After Dark" on the More4 channel, billing it as "Anthony Wilson hosts a discussion concerning secrets - both secrets of the State and the personal secrets we keep from one another." In 2012, on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Channel 4, "After Dark" featured prominently in a number of two-page tributes in British newspapers.
BFI InView.
In 2009 the British Film Institute announced that "After Dark" programmes are available online through its InView project. This web-based learning resource is free but accessible only to UK Higher Education/Further Education institutions, in partnership with The National Archives, the Parliamentary Broadcasting Unit, the BBC, FremantleMedia and the "After Dark" production company Open Media. The BFI said InView offers examples of how some of the UK's key social, political and economic issues have been represented and debated.
Production.
Editorial.
The main themes of "After Dark" were listed in an internal memo in 1988:
Guest selection.
""After Dark" is different: experts sit side by side with ordinary people - irrespective of age, race, gender or sexual orientation - whose experience happens to relate to the subject... (The producer says) 'An average show should consist of Punch, Judy, a crocodile, a hangman and a grandmother'." 'There's nobody I wouldn't have on the programme'.
Mark Lawson wrote in "The Independent":
"The Times" wrote: "Some of the juxtapositions have been inspired." "After the Nelson Mandela concert last summer it ran a discussion programme including Harry Belafonte, Breyten Breytenbach, Denis Worrall and Ismail Ayob, Mandela's lawyer. Belafonte came directly from Wembley with a police escort for his only British TV appearance. Programme hired a private plane to fly in Breytenbach. Worrall came from South Africa at "After Dark" expense. But this largesse is apparently unusual."
Working method.
"The Times" wrote:
and the TV trade magazine "Televisual" commented:
The producer described the working method:
Jay Rayner described the backstage atmosphere in "Arena" magazine:
"City Limits" wrote:
"Q" magazine quoted the producer: "We're actually trying to break down the barriers that divide people...Jeremy Isaacs told us it was the best proposal for a live show he'd ever seen." "I really don't know what's going to happen." "The Listener" magazine said '"After Dark" has taken the format towards the realm of psychodrama, peeling away its participants layers of restraint and front.'"
Hosts.
The production team sought hosts who were "more than the usual mechanical hack audience appeal" and "a facilitator rather than a celebrity figure". Senior director Coutts intended their role to be minimal, saying that "They interrupt if everyone is shouting at each other and generally just keep things going." He added that getting the hosts to "shut up" was the most difficult thing. "Tony Wilson, a familiar face to programme watchers in Granadaland, understands that he will not be the host next week. Indeed he knows he will not be asked again if he attempts to direct the discussion."
Presenters of the series included Anthony Holden, Prof. Anthony Clare, Stuart Hood, Trevor Hyett, Henry Kelly, Helena Kennedy QC, Prof. Sir Ian Kennedy, Sheena McDonald, Matthew Parris and John Underwood.
Staffing.
"The Guardian" ran the first recruitment advertisement for programme staff:
The producer wrote:
A gameshow producer got his break into television by writing to "After Dark": "They eventually put me on a very short contract cutting articles out of the papers. It was the most junior job I'd ever had and I was extremely happy! Over the next two series of "After Dark", I read and cut 10 newspapers a day, 10 magazines a week, plus monthly digests of foreign press - a fantastic introduction to current affairs. I enjoyed the intellectual cut-and-thrust of the office, the thrill of live broadcasting, and the diversity of the subjects we covered."
A senior member of staff described her working week:
Direction.
About the look of the show director Don Coutts said "We used big close-ups, pulled focus or used a panning system. The camera work was radical...The idea was to use very low light conditions, and an atmosphere that was supposed to be dark and moody". Coutts is still pleased with the way viewers could turn the television on and within seconds know that what they were watching couldn't be anything other than "After Dark"."
Legal.
A Channel 4 lawyer wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="5988853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988853" title="Tuvalu national football team">
Tuvalu national football team

The Tuvalu national football team is the international football team of Tuvalu, which trains at the Tuvalu Sports Ground in Funafuti. Football in Tuvalu is played at club and national team level. The Tuvalu national football team draws from players in the Tuvalu A-Division; with the national team training at the Tuvalu Sports Ground on Funafuti. The national team competes in the Pacific Games and South Pacific Games. The national team is controlled by the Tuvalu National Football Association (TNFA), which is an associate member of the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) but not a member of FIFA.
Membership.
Tuvalu is a member of the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC), but not of FIFA. In September 2008, Tuvaluan Prime Minister Apisai Ielemia and the President of the Tuvalu Football Association, Tapugao Falefou, visited the headquarters of FIFA in Zurich, hoping to gain full membership in the organisation. The Tuvalu Football Association continues to seek membership of FIFA with the Dutch Support Tuvalu Foundation assisting Tuvalu with the FIFA application and with the development of football in Tuvalu.
History.
South Pacific Games 1979.
The Tuvaluan team played three international matches in the 1979 South Pacific Games, held in Fiji. There, the team recorded both a large win, 5–3 against Tonga, and its as of August 2013 worst defeat, losing 18–0 to Tahiti.
It also participated in four games at the South Pacific Games in 2003, again held in Fiji. After defeating Kiribati in their opening game, the Tuvaluan team lost their remaining three matches and finished fourth out of five in Pool A.
World Cup and OFC nations cup qualifications.
In 2007, Tuvalu became the first non FIFA member to participate in an official World cup qualifying match. The situation arose when the regional governing body used the 2007 South Pacific Games, as the first stage of the qualification tournament for the 2010 FIFA World Cup and qualification tournament for the 2008 OFC Nations Cup. Tuvalu drawed 1–1 with Tahiti with Viliamu Sekifu becoming as the first World cup scorer for his country. The other three fixtures in the tournament ended in defeat and Tuvalu failed to progress from their five team group.
Dutch Support Tuvalu Foundation.
The Tuvalu national football team received support from a foundation in the Netherlands. In 2011 the Tuvalu National Football Association signed Dutch coach Foppe de Haan as the coach on a part-time and volunteer basis. De Haan, who previously coached SC Heerenveen, Ajax Cape Town and the Dutch national U-21 team, started his tenure with a 3–0 victory over Samoa, the second largest victory of Tuvalu.
De Haan's second match in charge saw a record 4–0 victory recorded over American Samoa in the first match of their 2011 Pacific Games campaign, with a hat-trick from 19-year-old Alopua Petoa. The third match was not as successful, with the side going down 5–1 to Vanuatu. After two more heavy losses, the team won a point in their final South Pacific Games' match against Guam. De Haan left his post after the tournament to rejoin Heerenveen's youth programme.
On August 18, 2013 the Tuvalu national football team went on a three-month tour of the Netherlands. During this tour they played at least 20 friendly matches against local amateur football clubs. Former NAC Breda and De Graafschap coach Leen Looijen was the team's mentor during training in the Netherlands, with the tour organised by the Dutch Support Tuvalu Foundation.
Tuvaluan footballers in New Zealand.
Tuvaluan footballers play for clubs in New Zealand. Vaisua Liva and Alopua Petoa joined Waitakere City FC in 2012. Meneua Fakasega and Jerome Funafuti also played for Waitakere City FC. Maalosi Alefaio has played for Te Atatu AFC. Togavai Stanley has played for Nauti Power FC, which is a football club of Tuvaluan men living in Auckland, New Zealand.
Players.
2011 Pacific Games squad.
The following squad was selected for the 2011 Pacific Games 
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"| 
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
! colspan="9" style="background:#b0d3fb; text-align:left;"|
Sources:
Most capped players.
Players with an equal number of caps are ranked in chronological order of reaching the milestone.
Most goals scored.
Goalscorers with an equal number of goals are ranked in chronological order of reaching the milestone.

</doc>
<doc id="5988855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988855" title="East Walton">
East Walton

East Walton is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.
It covers an area of and had a population of 90 in 40 households at the 2001 census.
For the purposes of local government, it falls within the district of King's Lynn and West Norfolk.
Its church, St. Mary, is one of 124 existing round-tower churches in Norfolk.
Governance.
East Walton is a parish of the Kings Lynn and West Norfolk district council, which is responsible for the most local services, and for Westminster elections it forms part of the North West Norfolk constituency, represented by Henry Bellingham (Conservative). Norfolk County Council is responsible for roads, some schools, and social services, and the county councillor is Richard Toby Coke (UKIP).

</doc>
<doc id="5988858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988858" title="Brain Death (EP)">
Brain Death (EP)

Brain Death is an EP released by thrash metal band Nuclear Assault, released in August 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="5988872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988872" title="1st G6 summit">
1st G6 summit

The 1st G6 summit took place on 15–17 November 1975, in Rambouillet, France. The venue for the summit meetings was the Château de Rambouillet near Paris.
The Group of Six (G6) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States. This summit, and the others which would follow, were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a kind of frustrated rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was an element in the genesis of cooperation between France's President and West Germany's Chancellor as they conceived the first summit of the G6.
Later summits in what could become a continuing series of annual meetings were identified as the Group of Seven (G7) summits and then the Group of Eight (G8) summits—but this informal gathering was the one which set that process in motion.
Leaders at the Summit.
This was an unofficial forum for the leaders of France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Core G6 participants.
These summit participants considered themselves reprentative of the "core" industrialized countries.forum:
Issues.
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions. Rambouillet had no easy answers to what was then the most serious recession since the 1930s; but the main themes of what would later become known as the "1st G8 summit" will remain for decades on the world's agenda—avoiding protectionism, energy dependency and boosting growth.
Issues which were discussed at this summit included:

</doc>
<doc id="5988875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988875" title="Suit combination – J missing">
Suit combination – J missing

The Official Encyclopedia of Bridge presents the optional lines of play in contract bridge for a single suit in isolation in which declarer and dummy hands lack the jack but possess the ace, king, queen and ten. The selected line of play varies depending on how many cards are held by the defence and the minimum number of tricks required. The probability of success is also presented.
The play recommended by the encyclopedia is generally to finesse the 10 or play off the top honors depending on the precise combination as shown below: 
x - AKQ10: finesse 
x - AKQ10x: finesse 
x - AKQ10xx: drop off 
x - AKQ10xxx: drop off

</doc>
<doc id="5988877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988877" title="Luisa Moreno">
Luisa Moreno

Luisa Moreno (August 30, 1907 – November 4, 1992) was a leader in the United States labor movement and a social activist. She unionized workers, led strikes, wrote pamphlets in English and Spanish, and convened the 1939 "Congreso de Pueblos de Habla Española", the "first national Latino civil rights assembly", before returning to Guatemala in 1950.
Early life.
Moreno was born Blanca Rosa López Rodríguez to a wealthy family in Guatemala City, Guatemala. While still a teenager, she organized La Sociedad Gabriela Mistral, which successfully lobbied for the admission of women to Guatemalan universities. Rejecting her elite status, she went to Mexico City in her teens to pursue a career in journalism. While there, she also wrote poetry. She married Angel De León, an artist, in 1927, and together they moved to New York City the following year. There, her daughter Mytyl was born.
While in New York, the Warner Bros. movie "Under a Texas Moon" (1930) was protested as anti-Mexican by a group of Latinos led by Gonzalo González. Police brutalized the picketers, killing González. The murder sparked a Pan-Latino protest, in which Moreno participated. She later told Bert Corona that the experience "motivated her to work on behalf of unifying the Spanish-speaking communities."
She was a graduate of the Catholic women's university College of the Holy Names in Oakland, California.
Union and civil rights activism.
The Great Depression struck in 1929, and in order to support her daughter and unemployed husband, Moreno worked as a seamstress in Spanish Harlem. She organized her co-workers, most of whom were Latinas, into a garment workers union.
In 1935, Moreno was hired by the American Federation of Labor (AFL) as a professional organizer. She left her husband, who had become physically abusive, and settled with her daughter in Florida, where she unionized African-American and Latina cigar-rollers. She joined the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO) and became a representative of the United Cannery, Agricultural, Packing, and Allied Workers of America (UCAPAWA), becoming the editor of its Spanish-language newspaper in 1940.
As UCAPAWA representative, she helped organize workers at pecan-shelling plants in San Antonio, Texas, and cannery workers in Los Angeles. There, she encouraged alliances between workers at different plants. Her leadership was of the type that empowered other workers, especially women, and she strongly encouraged women to take leadership roles in union organizations.
In 1937, she settled the Encanto neighborhood of San Diego, which she used as a base for her nationwide activism.
In 1939 she was one of the main organizers, alongside Josefina Fierro de Bright and Eduardo Quevedo, of the "Congreso de Pueblos de Habla Española" (Spanish-speaking People's Congress). She took a year off from UCAPAWA to travel throughout the U.S., visiting Latino workers on the East Coast, in the Southwest, and allying refugees of the Spanish Civil War to her cause.
In 1940, she was asked to speak before the American Committee for the Protection of the Foreign Born (ACPFB). Her speech, which became known as the "Caravan of Sorrow" speech, eloquently described the lives of migrant Mexican workers. Portions of it were reprinted in Committee pamphlets, creating a legacy that lasted much longer than the duration of the speech itself. In it, she stated, 
In the same year, she co-founded an employment office in San Diego with her friend Robert Galván. She also organized San Diego-area cannery workers and persuaded employers not to hire scab workers. With the dawn of World War II, the defense industry became a major employer in the United States, particularly in San Diego. Mexicans, however, were forbidden to work in the petroleum industry, shipyards, and other war-related fields, and were relegated to the lowest-paying jobs. Moreno criticized the discrimination, pointing out that "California has become prosperous with the toil and sweat of Mexican immigration attending to its number one industry, agriculture. Now they have sustained a true and lasting patriotism to a democratic country that refuses to give them citizenship or even basic civil rights."
In 1942, Moreno became involved in the Sleepy Lagoon murder trial, a cause célèbre for the American left and Mexican-American civil rights activists. Along with longtime friend Bert Corona and attorney Carey McWilliams, she organized the Sleepy Lagoon Defense Committee to exonerate the indicted youths. In addition to mounting a legal defense, the Committee sought to put to rest rumors about "violent gangs" of Pachucos and to counter sensationalist reports of urban "guerrilla warfare" between Pachucos and servicemen. (The press had dubbed the 1943 attacks of Pachucos the "Zoot Suit Riots".) She also investigated abuses on the part of servicemen in San Diego, advising city councilperson Charles C. Dail on the matter. She invited Admiral David W. Bagley, commandant of the Eleventh Naval District in San Diego, to a meeting of San Diego-area community and labor leaders. Bagley did not respond to the invitation. Continuing to press for an investigation, Moreno collaborated with McWilliams to gather evidence. The investigation outraged California State Senator Jack B. Tenney, who lashed out at Moreno, publicly accusing her of engaging in an "anti-American conspiracy."
During her Zoot Suit campaigns, she continued to work in the labor movement. In the city of El Monte, she represented walnut pickers, receiving the assistance of the California Walnut Growers Association. One Association representative "came to have a high regard for her character, ability and honesty."
In 1947, she married Gray Bemis, a navy veteran from Nebraska who had been a delegate to the 1932 Socialist Party of America national convention. Bemis shared Moreno's interest in the civil rights of Mexican Americans, and photographed many of her activities.
In the late 1940s, Moreno established a San Diego chapter of the Mexican Civil Rights Committee. In speeches to chapters of the Young Progressives of America, she warned that racial tensions and communist hysteria provoked racial profiling, stereotyping and police brutality against Mexican Americans and other ethnic minorities.
Deportation.
During the 1950s, the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) conducted Operation Wetback to forcibly deport Mexicans and Mexican Americans. The operation targeted labor leaders in particular. While she was considered polite and law abiding, her activism earned her enemies. She and her husband began receiving threatening letters for their work against police brutality. Tenney, who labeled her a "dangerous alien", was instrumental in her deportation. She was offered citizenship in exchange for testifying against Harry Bridges, but refused to be "a free woman with a mortgaged soul."
On November 30, 1950, Moreno and her husband left the United States via Ciudad Juárez, slowly making their way to Mexico City. Her warrant of deportation had been issued on the grounds that she had once been a member of the Communist Party.
Eventually, the couple settled in Guatemala, but were forced to flee when a 1954 CIA-sponsored coup ousted progressive President Jacobo Arbenz Guzmán.
After the triumph of the 1959 Cuban Revolution, Moreno spent time teaching on the island. She later returned to Guatemala, where she was interviewed by several historians before she died.
Legacy.
Although Luisa Moreno is a major figure in the pre-Chicano Movement Mexican-American civil rights movement and the American labor movement, her role is often overlooked. Since the 1970s, activists and historians have attempted to reconstruct her role in the movements and give her appropriate credit. Among them are the muralist and professor Judy Baca, who memorialized the organization of Cal San workers in her "Great Wall of Los Angeles". The wall, a visual representation of the history of Los Angeles, pays tribute to Moreno by including an image of her face surrounded by images of strikers.

</doc>
<doc id="5988878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988878" title="Johann Dick">
Johann Dick

Johann Dick (23 March 1927 – 18 September 1986) was a citizen of West Germany who was shot and killed on the Czechoslovakian border by soldiers from Czechoslovakian Border Guard ("Pohraniční stráž").
Johann Dick lived in Bavaria, and was a former soldier. In his retirement, his hobby was taking tours around the Bavarian border. On September 18, 1986, two Poles attempted to escape from Czechoslovakia into West Germany through the area where Dick was walking (one of the Poles succeeded). Eight guards, who were hunting the escapees, run into Dick, started to fire and wounded him fatally. Later, the guards found out that they had stepped 200 meters into Bavaria, and that the person they had shot was someone else. They dragged Dick into Czechoslovakia, where he died during transport to the hospital.
The incident grew into an international scandal. Czechoslovakia first claimed that Dick had crossed the border and that he was shot by Germans, but the evidence confuted that claim. The President of Czechoslovakia, Gustáv Husák, apologized, Dick's widow was given compensation of 100,000 German marks and the guards were punished, though very leniently (14 days in prison was the longest).
In 2001, the case was reopened. The three accused soldiers were eventually let free as it was impossible to prove exactly who had shot the tourist.

</doc>
<doc id="5988879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988879" title="In the Land of Women">
In the Land of Women

In the Land of Women is a 2007 American drama film directed and written by Jon Kasdan. The film premiered in the United States on April 20, 2007.
Plot.
Carter Webb (Adam Brody) is a young, soft-core porn writer living in Los Angeles whose young, starlet girlfriend Sofia (Elena Anaya) breaks up with him. Carter pleads with her to stay, but she leaves. 
When Carter goes to his mother's home in order to reclaim an item, he sees his mother crying in the living room. She explains that her mentally unstable mother, Phyllis (Olympia Dukakis), claims that she is dying – though her doctor cannot find anything fatal. Carter's mother tells him that she will be leaving for Michigan to take care of Phyllis. Carter offers to take his mother's place as caregiver for his grandmother, explaining that he wanted to get out of the life he was currently living and write a biographical story he has been working on for the past eleven years. Though his mother objects to this decision, he ignores her and flies to Michigan.
Meanwhile, Paige (Makenzie Vega) and Lucy (Kristen Stewart) Hardwicke, who live across the street from Phyllis, are returning from school. Lucy's mother, Sarah (Meg Ryan), calls Lucy to the kitchen. She hesitantly tells Lucy that she has found a lump in her breast, a possible sign of breast cancer, and is to see a doctor in the coming days. Lucy, shocked, wants to come with her mother when she receives her results, but Sarah quickly refuses.
Outside, Carter finally arrives. He knocks on the door with a cheerful remark, and Phyllis, obviously forgetting her own grandson, slams the door on him. After a quick negotiation, she lets him inside. Phyllis reveals that she has been starving herself the past three weeks, and Carter sees that all of the food in her home has gone stale. After a few brief phone calls with his mother and his boss, Carter begins to clean up his grandmother's home.
When Carter takes out the trash, Lucy, who is smoking on her roof, watches him. He drops the trash, and Lucy begins to snicker; hearing her laughter, Carter turns toward her, and she hides in the shadow of the roof. Sarah hears the noise and comes outside with her dog, Bozo, and warmly introduces herself to Carter. They have a brief talk before Lucy's friends arrive loudly down the road and Sarah goes back inside. Lucy and Carter meet, and she asks Carter not to tell her parents that she smokes. He agrees, and takes a cigarette from her before she leaves.
The next morning, Sarah arrives at Carter's doorstep, bringing cookies and offering for him to walk with her. They walk around the neighborhood, talking about their lives. Carter eventually mentions Sofia, wondering about his love for her. Carter thinks about his relationship, and decides that it really wasn't true love. He explains that he has written love letters for Sofia, pouring out his affection in these epistles. Carter believes that the letters contain his best work.
After Sarah returns home, she sees that Carter is heartbroken and needs someone to take his mind off Sofia. She asks Lucy to ask Carter out on a date. Lucy bitterly refuses, calling it "lame" to ask someone out from across the street that she doesn't even know. Sarah's husband agrees and Sarah abruptly leaves the room, frustrated. She goes to her bathroom, filling a small cup of medicine to subdue her pain. Her husband follows her, trying to assuage the situation by insisting that Lucy will apologize and ask Carter on a date.
The next day, Carter decides to go on a run. While running, he has flashbacks of all the memorable times he had with Sofia: their meeting, their first kiss, and so on, until it finally leads to the breakup. When she utters the word "goodbye" once more, Carter runs into a tree and passes out. When he wakes up, he sees Lucy standing over him. She gives him a ride home and then asks him out. Carter tells her to ask her parents if they would allow her to take him out on a school night, as they normally would not. Lucy, confused, agrees, and goes back inside.
Shortly thereafter, Sarah invites Carter on another walk. This time, she leads him into a small patch of forest. She admits that her husband is having an affair and that she does not love him – at least not the way Carter loved Sofia. They hug and leave to run errands together. They share an awkward moment of both having something to say to the other; Carter begins with the declaration that Sarah's husband is "out of his mind". Sarah smiles, and dismisses what she has to say. Eventually, the two deepen their friendship and later, when she tells him she is sick, they hug each other.
Carter also goes to the movies with Lucy and Paige. He finds out that Sofia has been dating Colin Farrell. Afterward, Lucy brings Carter to a football field because he was curious about the typical high school experience. There she confesses that she is sort of dating the high school quarterback Gabe, who is arrogant and cocky, but that they have not kissed yet. They also talk about Gabe's best friend Eric who seems to be the opposite of Gabe; soft and shy. She also confesses that she knows her father is having an affair, but believes her mother does not know.
She claims to be more upset with her mother than her father because her mother is cold and more interested in her image than the truth. Lucy later finds out that Gabe could not wait for Lucy and hooked up with her best friend. She convinces Carter to come to a party with her because he is older and mysterious. During the party, Gabe tries to fight Carter, but Eric steps in saying that Gabe is the one who screwed up. After the party, Carter and Lucy share a kiss which Sarah sees. She tells Carter to leave Lucy alone and to never speak to them again. Afterwards, he slips her a letter.
Lucy goes to see Carter who tells her that he is not the guy for her and that if she thought about it, she would realize that she would know who he is. Sarah gets her cancer treatments and it is revealed that everything will be all right. Sarah and Lucy talk and start to heal their relationship. As Lucy drives home from the hospital, she stops to see Eric who she realizes is the guy Carter was referring to. Sarah finally reads Carter's letter which, though similar to a love letter, winds up being more of a "thank you" note.
Carter comes downstairs to find his grandmother has died but does not immediately call the hospital. Instead, he goes outside for some air and meets up with Sarah. She apologizes and they are able to end their friendship on good terms.
The story closes with Carter back in LA at the diner where Sofia broke up with him. He is writing, presumably a script, about his grandmother. He talks to the waitress and seems to be getting on with his life without Sofia.
Reception.
Commercial.
The film was released April 20, 2007 in the United States and grossed US$4.7 million in 2,155 theaters in its opening weekend, coming in eighth at the U.S. box office. The film stayed in theaters for 10 weeks and went on to gross $11 million in the U.S., with a combined worldwide gross of $17.5 million.
The gross exceeded the film's budget, which was $10 million.
Critical.
The film received mixed reviews. As of September 2007 on the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, 44% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 108 reviews (48 "fresh", 60 "rotten"). The site reported there was a consensus among critics that the characters in the film were underdeveloped. On Metacritic, the film had an average score of 47 out of 100 based on 29 reviews.
Soundtrack.
"In the Land of Women (soundtrack)"

</doc>
<doc id="5988887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988887" title="Benešov District">
Benešov District

Benešov District ("Okres Benešov" in Czech) is a district ("okres") within Central Bohemian Region ("Středočeský kraj") of the Czech Republic. Its capital is city Benešov.
Complete list of municipalities.
 Benešov •
Bernartice •
Bílkovice •
Blažejovice •
Borovnice •
Bukovany •
Bystřice •
Ctiboř •
Čakov •
"Čechtice" •
 Čerčany •
Červený Újezd •
 "Český Šternberk" •
Čtyřkoly •
Děkanovice •
"Divišov" •
Dolní Kralovice •
Drahňovice •
Dunice •
Heřmaničky •
Hradiště •
Hulice •
Hvězdonice •
Chářovice •
Chleby •
Chlístov •
Chlum •
Chmelná •
Chocerady •
Choratice •
Chotýšany •
Chrášťany •
Jankov •
Javorník •
Ješetice •
Kamberk •
Keblov •
Kladruby •
Kondrac •
Kozmice •
Krhanice •
Krňany •
Křečovice •
"Křivsoudov" •
Kuňovice •
Lešany •
Libež •
Litichovice •
Loket •
"Louňovice pod Blaníkem" •
Lštění •
"Maršovice" •
Mezno •
Miličín •
Miřetice •
Mnichovice •
Mrač •
Načeradec •
Nemíž •
Nespeky •
"Netvořice" •
"Neustupov" •
Neveklov •
Olbramovice •
Ostrov •
Ostředek •
Pavlovice •
Petroupim •
Popovice •
Poříčí nad Sázavou •
Postupice •
Pravonín •
Přestavlky u Čerčan •
Psáře •
Pyšely •
Rabyně •
Radošovice •
Rataje •
Ratměřice •
Řehenice •
Řimovice •
 Sázava •
Slověnice •
Smilkov •
Snět •
Soběhrdy •
Soutice •
Stranný •
Strojetice •
Struhařov •
Střezimíř •
Studený •
Šetějovice •
Tehov •
Teplýšovice •
Tichonice •
Tisem •
Tomice •
Trhový Štěpánov •
Třebešice •
Týnec nad Sázavou •
Václavice •
Veliš •
 Vlašim •
Vodslivy •
Vojkov •
Votice •
Vracovice •
Vranov •
"Vrchotovy Janovice" •
Všechlapy •
Vysoký Újezd •
Xaverov •
"Zdislavice" •
Zvěstov

</doc>
<doc id="5988891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988891" title="Crosman Nightstalker">
Crosman Nightstalker

The Crosman NightStalker is the first semi-automatic air rifle featuring blowback action. Released in the United States in 2005, the NightStalker uses an 88 gram CO2 powerlet as its power source.
It fires .177 calibre (4.5mm) pellets from a 12 shot rotary clip at up to . It is a carbine of modern design, weighing . Its total length is just over thirty inches (76 cm); its rifled barrel is 16.75 inches (42.5 cm) long. 
The front and rear sights use Crosman's Mohawk sight system which allows the user to alternate between two different diameters of windage adjustable peep sight while incorporating a front sight that is adjustable for elevation. A safety mechanism is provided by a cross bolt safety switch.

</doc>
<doc id="5988893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988893" title="Mala Ciganlija">
Mala Ciganlija

Mala Ciganlija (Serbian Cyrillic: Мала Циганлија) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Novi Beograd.
Mala Ciganlija is a peninsula on the left bank of the Sava river, just over 1 km long and 200 m wide. It encloses the small bay, called "Zimovnik" ("winter shelter"), where the facilities of the shipyard "Belgrade" are located. Technically, it is an extension of the Novi Beograd's Block 69.
Once almost uninhabited and completely forested, in the last 20 years its western half in entirely urbanized and industrialized, in connection to the expansion of the shipyard and the growing number of gravel selling and separating facilities on the Sava's bank. Eastern half of the peninsula is still mostly intact and the bridge of "Novi železnički most" ("New railway bridge") passes above its easternmost tip.
Name of the penisnusla means "little (Ada) Ciganlija", compared to the much larger island of Ada Ciganlija to the southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="5988894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988894" title="Rosa Rodríguez">
Rosa Rodríguez

Rosa Andreina Rodríguez (born 2 July 1986 in Acarigua, Portuguesa) is a Venezuelan hammer thrower. She is the Venezuelan record holder for the event with her personal best of 72.83 metres, set in May 2012. Rodríguez represented Venezuela at the World Championships in Athletics in 2007 and 2009.
A former South American hammer champion at youth and junior levels, she won her first major medal at the South American Championships in 2005. She is a two-time Ibero-American gold medallist (2008, 2012) and two-time runner-up at the Central American and Caribbean Championships (2009, 2011). She competed at the 2011 Pan American Games and has also won medals at the Central American and Caribbean Games and Military World Games.
Career.
As a youth Rodríguez competed in a variety of throwing events. At the 2001 World Youth Championships in Athletics she was a finalist in the shot put. The 2002 South American Youth Championships saw her win both the discus throw and hammer throw events, as well as a bronze medal in the shot put. She was a hammer finalist at the World Youth Championships, but was knocked out in qualifying at the 2004 World Junior Championships. She was crowned the South American Junior hammer champion in 2005.
In 2005 she won her first senior medal at the South American Championships in Cali, taking the bronze in the hammer. Later that year she set a South American junior record of 61.73 m in the event, while taking second place at the 2005 Bolivarian Games, and ended the year by improving this mark to 62.85 m. She broke the Venezuelan senior record in 2006 with a throw of 64.22 m in Barquisimeto. Her sole international medal that year came at the South American Under-23 Championships, where she came third behind Jennifer Dahlgren and Johana Moreno. She improved further in 2007, throwing the hammer 66.96 m in July. She was a silver medallist at the 2007 ALBA Games and represented Venezuela at the 2007 World Championships for the first time, competing in the qualifying round.
Rodríguez did not achieve the Olympic "B" standard of 67 metres in 2008 and missed the 2008 Beijing Olympics as a result. She was successful in regional competition, however, winning the titles at the Ibero-American and South American Under-23 Championships, as well as fifth place at the 2008 CAC Championships.
She missed out on the medals at the 2009 South American Championships, finishing fourth, but rebounded with a national record of 69.06 m at the 2009 CAC Championships to take second behind Arasay Thondike. She bettered that mark at the Bogotá leg of the South American Athletics Grand Prix, winning with 69.46 m. Returning to the world stage, she was eliminated in the qualification at the 2009 World Championships. That November she won shot put and hammer medals at the 2009 Bolivarian Games. Her 2010 season was highlighted by a bronze medal at the Ibero-American Championships, a silver medal at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games, and a year's best throw of 69.10 m to win the national title.
Rodríguez competed in many international events for Venezuela in 2011. She won her first continental medal since 2005 at the South American Championships, taking third place. She was runner-up at the 2011 CAC Championships, repeating her feat from 2009 and finishing behind Johana Moreno. She was a bronze medallist at the Military World Games held in Rio de Janeiro, won at the 2011 ALBA Games, and was eighth in the final at the Pan American Games. She began 2012 in top form and in May she improved her personal best to 72.83 m at a meeting in Croatia. A month later, the 2012 Ibero-American Championships in Athletics was hosted in her home town and she responded by winning the title in a championship record of 71.76 m.

</doc>
<doc id="5988910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988910" title="F.C. De Kampioenen">
F.C. De Kampioenen

F.C. De Kampioenen, ("F.C. The Champions") was a long-running Flemish sitcom chronicling the (mis)adventures of a fictional local football team. It aired on the Belgian-Flemish channel één between 1990 and 2011, for 21 seasons with 273 half-hour long episodes, making it one of the most successful comedy programs ever on Belgian television.
In 2009 a film had been planned, but has since been cancelled following complaints by the actors about the script. In 2012 the crew announced a new script was written and a movie will be produced. The movie was released in December 2013.
The series relies heavily on stereotypical characters and farce for its humour. The story is mainly set around a few members of the football club (Marc and Bieke, Pol and Doortje, Xavier and Carmen) who regularly visit the club canteen before or after a soccer training or match. The canteen is run by Pascale, who is in a relationship with Maurice. The football club is sponsored by the owner of a sausage factory, Balthazar Boma. Next to the field is an antiques shop, owned by the fraudulent Fernand. Most of the episodes are based on misunderstandings or dirty tricks from Fernand (formerly the garage owner Dimitri De Tremmerie or the chef Bernard Theofiel Waterslaeghers).
Johan Gevers was director of the sitcom. Scenario writers were Bart Cooreman (1995–2011), Wout Thielemans (1996–2011), Knarf Van Pellecom (2000–2011) and Carmino D'haene (2009–2011).
Seasons 1-20 have all been released on DVD through Universal Pictures and Lime-Lights.
Theatrical Movie.
A first attempt to create a theatrical movie was done in 1993. However, the film was cancelled as actor Carry Goossens decided to work for a competing broadcasting company (vtm) and actor Walter Michiels was fired due to his alcohol abuse. Furthermore Jacques Vermeire had his own film plans and his movie Max was to be shot and released in same period.
A new scenario was written in 2008 but rejected by most of the actors.
In 2011 a complete new story was written which was accepted by the actors. Due to funding issues it took until April 2013 before filming started. The movie was released in December 2013 as "F.C. De Kampioenen: Kampioen zijn blijft plezant" which can be translated as "F.C. The Champions: being a champion remains fun".
Plot.
Boma wants to buy a vineyard and château in France from an oil sheik not knowing most part of the land will be expropriated due to the construction of a TGV. Boma is now negotiating with Tartuffe, a representative of the sheik. Tartuffe invites FC De Kampioenen to come over to France to play a match of soccer against the team of Saint-Tintin. Due to a miscommunication between Tartuffe and the sheik, last one thinks Ronald, foreman of De Kampioenen, is the Brazilian footballer Ronaldinho and offers him a contract.
De Kampioenen head to France, but the journey has some unexpected events. Pol and Doortje just married and Doortje wants to go on honeymoon to Lourdes. Pol sabotages the trip so he can go to Saint-Tintin. Doortje finds out the truth and enters a convent. The coach bus is an outdated model driven by Fernand Costermans who hides a pig in the trunk so he can search for truffles. Everybody is tired of Carmen's involvements, so Xavier decides to leave her behind at a road house. Bieke is brassed off with the childish behavior of Mark and starts a romance with a Frenchmen. Pascale is obsessed by châteaus and demands Maurice to finally renovate his mother's castle or to buy another one.
Ronald finds out the real intentions of the sheik, but is kidknapped by Tartuffe before he could inform De Kampioenen. Carlita, a hitchhiker travelling with De Kampioenen, is actually a helper of Tartuffe. She has a guilty conscience and sets up a rescue operation together with De Kampioenen.

</doc>
<doc id="5988924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988924" title="Sodium-glucose transport proteins">
Sodium-glucose transport proteins

Sodium-dependent glucose cotransporters (or sodium-glucose linked transporter, SGLT) are a family of glucose transporter found in the intestinal mucosa (enterocytes) of the small intestine (SGLT1) and the proximal tubule of the nephron (SGLT2 in PCT and SGLT1 in PST). They contribute to renal glucose reabsorption. In the kidneys, 100% of the filtered glucose in the glomerulus has to be reabsorbed along the nephron (98% in PCT, via SGLT2). In case of too high plasma glucose concentration (hyperglycemia), glucose is excreted in urine (glucosuria); because SGLT are saturated with the filtered monosaccharide. Glucose is never secreted by the nephron.
Types.
The two most well known members of SGLT family are SGLT1 and SGLT2, which are members of the SLC5A gene family.
Including SGLT1 and SGLT2, there are total seven members in the human protein family SLC5A, several of which may also be sodium-glucose transporters.
SGLT2 inhibitors for diabetes.
Inhibition of SGLT2 leads to a reduction in blood glucose levels. Therefore, SGLT2 inhibitors have potential use in the treatment of type II diabetes. Several drug candidates have been developed or are currently undergoing clinical trials, including:
Function.
Firstly, the Na+/K+ ATPase pump on the basolateral membrane of the proximal tubule cell uses ATP to move 3 sodium ions outward into the blood, while bringing in 2 potassium ions. This creates a downhill sodium ion gradient inside the proximal tubule cell in comparison to both the blood and the tubule.
The SGLT proteins use the energy from this downhill sodium ion gradient created by the ATPase pump to transport glucose across the apical membrane against an uphill glucose gradient. Therefore, these co-transporters are an example of secondary active transport. (The GLUT uniporters then transport the glucose across the basolateral membrane, into the peritubular capillaries.) Both SGLT1 and SGLT2 are known as symporters, since both sodium ions and glucose are transported in the same direction across the membrane.
Discovery of sodium-glucose cotransport.
In August 1960, in Prague, Robert K. Crane presented for the first time his discovery of the sodium-glucose cotransport as the mechanism for intestinal glucose absorption.
Crane's discovery of cotransport was the first-ever proposal of flux coupling in biology.

</doc>
<doc id="5988930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988930" title="Pele (American band)">
Pele (American band)

Pele was an instrumental post-rock band from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The group formed in the summer of 1997 by guitarist Chris Rosenau, bassist Scott Schoenbeck and drummer Jon Mueller. Ever-evolving in sound, the band was difficult to classify. Early in Pele's career, critics had dubbed the band post-rock. However, later many fans began to hear them as jazzy, with "nimble" guitars, "rolling" bass, and "skittering" drums "with angular fills and layered beats." These so-called jazz elements shone through untraditional "syncopated handclaps, voices, and various blips and bleeps."
After seven years, thirteen releases, and various national and international tours, Pele announced their winter 2004 tour would be their last. The remaining members went on to various projects, most notably The Promise Ring and Paris, Texas, but also New Rising Sons, Volcano Choir, and Collections of Colonies of Bees.

</doc>
<doc id="5988935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988935" title="The Plague (EP)">
The Plague (EP)

The Plague is the second extended play by the American heavy metal band Nuclear Assault. The six-track EP was originally released as a 12-inch vinyl record through Combat Records in 1987, and later combined with the band's full-length debut, 1986s "Game Over", into one CD by Relativity Records.
The EP, which is a "collection of old and new material," was recorded from December 1986 to January 1987 at the Music Grinder studios in Los Angeles, California with producer Randy Burns. "The Plague" was originally to be titled "Cross of Iron" and to have had a cross as the sleeve artwork. However, the band's label Combat Records cited possible objections that may have come from religious organizations.
An ode to Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil.
According to Eduardo Rivadavia of Allmusic, "The Plague" is probably best known for the controversial song "Butt Fuck" (later retitled "You Figure It Out"), which managed to introduce Nuclear Assault's dark sense of humor with an "ode" to Mötley Crüe singer Vince Neil's notorious car crash.
The accident occurred on December 8, 1984, when Vince Neil driving while intoxicated hit another car, killing his passenger, drummer Nicholas "Razzle" Dingley of Hanoi Rocks, and permanently injuring the passengers in the car he hit. Neil, who ironically left the accident unscathed, was found guilty of drunk driving and vehicular manslaughter, but he avoided prison by performing community services and paying a substantial cash settlement to his surviving victims.
In an interview with Voices from the Dark Side webzine, the Nuclear Assault's bassist Dan Lilker was asked why the song "Butt Fuck" is dedicated to Vince Neil, and Lilker stated: 
The whole concept of that song was that it was fucked up that he Neil could get away with driving drunk and killing the guy in the car with him . He didn't do any jail time like you or I would. Just because he was famous, all he had to do was some community service and do some public service announcements about drunk driving. He literally got away with murder. We thought he should've gone to prison and got anally raped like most young men do when they're put in United States prisons. We made the whole thing funny, but we meant it.

</doc>
<doc id="5988942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988942" title="Alexandru Ciucurencu">
Alexandru Ciucurencu

Alexandru Ciucurencu (; 1903–1977) was a Romanian Post-Impressionist painter. 
A collection of Ciucurencu's paintings can be seen in Dr. Frasier Crane's apartment in the sitom "Frasier", in the episode "The Guilt Trippers" (#9.23, around 11 minutes). A book of his paintings can also be seen on his bookshelf ("First Do No Harm, Season 6, Episode 05; around 20:50s)

</doc>
<doc id="5988948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988948" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1949">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1949

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1949 according to "Billboard magazine". Prior to the creation of the Hot 100, "Billboard" published multiple singles charts each week. In 1949, the following three charts were produced:
Shown is a list of songs that topped the Best Sellers in Stores chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5988960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988960" title="Zvika Greengold">
Zvika Greengold

Zvi "Zvika" Greengold (; born 10 February 1952) is a national hero in Israel who fought during the 1973 Yom Kippur War as an Israeli IDF tank commander. He is one of only eight people who fought in the war to be awarded the Medal of Valor, the nation's highest medal for heroism. He is currently Mayor of Ofakim.
Yom Kippur War.
Born and raised on Kibbutz Lohamey HaGeta'ot (, founded by Holocaust survivors of underground and partisan combat against the Nazis), twenty-one-year-old Lieutenant Greengold was home on leave when Egypt and Syria launched a coordinated surprise attack on two fronts. He was not attached to any unit as he was about to take a course for company commanders. Once he realized war had broken out, he hitchhiked to Nafekh, a command center and important crossroads in the Golan Heights, where he initially helped with the wounded, as no tanks were available. When two damaged Centurion tanks were repaired, Greengold was put in charge of them and sent with hastily-assembled scratch crews down the Tapline Road.
Greengold's "Koah Zvika" (Zvika Force) spotted Syrian tanks belonging to the 51st Independent Tank Brigade of the Syrian Army which had broken through the line and were advancing unopposed northwest along the road to Nafekh. Greengold's two tanks engaged the opposing T-55s at 2100 hours, with Greengold destroying six. Later, he had lost contact with his other tank when he spotted the advancing 452nd Tank Battalion. He engaged the enemy, taking advantage of the darkness and moving constantly to fool the Syrians into thinking the opposition was stronger than it was. Greengold destroyed or damaged ten enemy armoured vehicles before the confused Syrians withdrew, believing they were facing a sizable force. Even Greengold's superiors were deceived; as the fighting wore on, he did not dare report how weak he actually was over the radio for fear it would be intercepted; at best he could only hint "the situation isn't good". At a time when Force Zvika consisted of only one tank, Colonel Yitzhak Ben-Shoham, the brigade commander, assumed it to be "of at least company strength".
For the next 20 hours, he fought, sometimes alone, sometimes in conjunction with other tanks, displaying an uncanny knack for showing up again and again at the critical moment to tip the scales of a skirmish. He had to change vehicles "half a dozen times" as his tanks were knocked out. He soldiered on, even after he was wounded and burned. When Nafekh itself came under attack from a fresh force of T-62s, he rushed over to bolster the defense. In a lull in the fighting, an exhausted Greengold got out of his latest tank and dropped to the ground, murmuring, "I can't anymore." 
Afterward, he claimed 20 enemy tanks destroyed; other estimates place his tally at 40 or more.
Post-war.
Until 2008, he lived in a Galilee hilltop village. He was one of the founders of the vegetarian food company Tivall and the managing director of Frutarom chemical company. In 2008, he was elected mayor of the Israeli city of Ofakim. He regularly speaks to people in and out of Israel, mainly high school children, about his courageous acts in the Yom Kippur War.

</doc>
<doc id="5988961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988961" title="Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church (Ham Lake, Minnesota)">
Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church (Ham Lake, Minnesota)

The Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic property in Ham Lake, Minnesota, USA, built in 1872 to the design of architect Per August Gustafson. The church is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The following is the text of a plaque hanging on the front of the church. It was placed there by an Eagle Scout completing his Eagle project in the spring of 2005. It provides an accurate portrayal of the history of the church which was collected from personal accounts and the Anoka County historical records.
"This church, the Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church of Ham Lake as it is called on the National Register of Historic Places, has a rich history. Founded in 1872, the building was constructed on land donated by Johan and Fredrika Magnuson shortly after their daughters Alida and Emilia died of typhoid fever and a need for a cemetery was realized. Originally laid to rest in their front yard, when the church was completed the two coffins were moved and became the first graves in the cemetery.
When the church was first built there were no local pastors, thus, whenever the families in the church wanted to hold a service someone would have to travel to Anoka to pick up the pastor and bring him back. Since that time the church has expanded and required new buildings, but despite its now limited use, the "Old Church" remains an important part of the history of Our Saviours Lutheran Church."

</doc>
<doc id="5988964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988964" title="Marco Mendoza">
Marco Mendoza

Marco Mendoza (born May 3, 1963) is an American rock musician, the bass guitarist with Thin Lizzy and Black Star Riders.
Career.
Mendoza started playing the guitar at an early age, adopting the bass guitar when he was invited to join a band that needed a player. He played in John Sykes' band Blue Murder, from 1991 until 1993. In 1994, he was recruited into a reformed lineup of Thin Lizzy, also featuring Sykes, with guitarist Scott Gorham, keyboard player Darren Wharton and drummer Brian Downey. After some preliminary one-off concerts, the band toured more consistently from 1996 until 2000, replacing the departing Downey with Tommy Aldridge and releasing the live album "One Night Only".
From 2000 to 2003 Mendoza recorded and toured with Ted Nugent, and in 2004 he toured with Whitesnake, another band that once featured Sykes and Aldridge, and appeared on their DVD "Live... In the Still of the Night". Also in 2004, Mendoza guested on keyboardist Derek Sherinian's solo album "Mythology". However, he returned to Thin Lizzy in 2005, replacing Randy Gregg. He left the band in 2007, and subsequently toured with ex-Dokken guitarist George Lynch in his band Lynch Mob. 
After Sykes left Thin Lizzy in 2009, Mendoza rejoined the band for a third stint, this time with Gorham, Wharton, Downey, singer Ricky Warwick and guitarist Vivian Campbell. This lineup of Thin Lizzy toured Europe throughout 2011, before a US tour at the end of the year, and a further tour of Europe in early 2012.
On July 6, 2007, Mendoza released his first solo album "Live for Tomorrow", through Frontiers Records in Europe. The record was produced and co-written by Richie Kotzen and features guest performances by Steve Lukather, Ted Nugent, Doug Aldrich, Tommy Aldridge, Brian Tichy, Marco Rentería of Jaguares, and others.
Mendoza has also played for the band Soul SirkUS and with many other artists from different musical backgrounds including: Bill Ward of Black Sabbath, Right Said Fred, Robert Williams, Roch Voisine, Dolores O'Riordan, Tim "Ripper" Owens, and Tommy Shaw.
When not touring, Mendoza has played with his band Mendoza Heredia Neto, featuring drummer Joey Heredia and keyboard player Renato Neto, on Tuesday nights at La Ve Lee Jazz Club in Studio City. The band has recorded a live CD, "Live in L.A."
In December 2012, Mendoza co-founded the Thin Lizzy spin-off band, Black Star Riders. Black Star Riders' first album "All Hell Breaks Loose" was released in May 2013.
On May 30th 2014 it was announced that Mendoza was leaving Black Star Riders at the end of the contemporaneous US tour to work on other projects. Whether or not he will be involved in future reunions of Thin Lizzy remains unclear.
Personal life.
Mendoza spent his formative years living with his grandmother in Tijuana, Mexico. He now lives in California and has five children: Marco Rentería, who is the bass guitarist in the award winning Mexican band Jaguares and who played on Mendoza's solo album "Live for Tomorrow"; He married his current wife Leah, an administrative professional at a high profiled land development company, on December 2, 2001. Mendoza is a well-known supporter of gun rights. He enjoys hunting, fishing, trapping, and the general outdoors. Mendoza is commonly known to hunt with fellow musician and frequent collaborator Ted Nugent.

</doc>
<doc id="5988972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988972" title="Handle with Care European Tour '89">
Handle with Care European Tour '89

"Handle With Care European Tour '89" is a live video released by Nuclear Assault in 1989. The video is a recording of a concert at the Hammersmith Odeon, London, 4.10.1989.

</doc>
<doc id="5988975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988975" title="Oswestry (UK Parliament constituency)">
Oswestry (UK Parliament constituency)

Oswestry is a United Kingdom Parliamentary constituency. It was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1885 to 1983, when it was renamed North Shropshire. It elected one Member of Parliament by the first past the post method of election.
Election results.
Elections in the 1940s.
General Election 1939/40:
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1940. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place from 1939 and by the end of this year, the following candidates had been selected; 

</doc>
<doc id="5988982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988982" title="Transcona Historical Museum">
Transcona Historical Museum

Transcona Historical Museum is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, that maintains and promotes the history, stories and community spirit of the neighbourhood of Transcona. The museum was founded in 1967 as Transcona’s Centennial Project celebrating the 100th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada. Today, the museum is located in the only municipally designated heritage building in Transcona. This historic building was originally constructed by the Bank of Toronto in 1925 and later served as the Transcona Municipal Office. This building is owned and operated by the City of Winnipeg.
Over the years, the THM has acquired an extensive collection of artifacts, photographs and documentary records that together tell the story of Transcona’s community history. These collections include everything from railway artifacts, items from early Transcona businesses, historic clothing and household objects, to special natural and cultural history collections. The Museum is affiliated with the CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.
Archives.
The Archives contains documents reflecting the history of Transcona and surrounding area. The archival collection consists primarily of photographs and textual documents including maps, plans, technical drawings, minutes, correspondence, newspapers, and ephemeral records. The main subjects represented include railways - primarily the Canadian National Railway in Transcona, municipal records of the Town and City of Transcona, World War II, local organizations, education, sports, special events, and individuals in the community.
Collections.
The Transcona Historical Museum is home to an extensive collection of roughly 4,000 community based artifacts, many of which were used by people in Transcona. The diverse nature of the holdings are composed of material culture artifacts which depict the human history of the area. The collection holdings include household artifacts and domestic tools, decorative art objects, personal care artifacts, mechanical tools and equipment, technological office equipment, farming implements and equipment, transportation artifacts, leisure artifacts, and a wide range of military objects related to the Boer War, First World War, and Second World War.
The Transcona Historical Museum preserves a collection of over 800 clothing and textiles articles from Transcona residents.
The Cecil Patterson Archaeology Collection.
The Cecil Patterson Archaeology Collection contains roughly 3,500 artifacts from over 80 archaeological sites across Manitoba. The earliest pieces in the collection were made over 10,000 years ago. The collection is composed of archaeological objects from many of Manitoba's First Nations cultures, including the Cree, Anishnabe, Inuit, Dakota and Chipewyan. 
The collection provides a glimpse of pre-European contact life in the boreal forest, aspen parkland, and prairie regions of Manitoba. Most artifacts were used for hunting, hide preparation, and food preparation. These include projectile points, bifaces, scrapers, grooved axe heads, mauls, pottery and rim shards. Ethnological objects include moccasins, mitts, garments, beaded necklaces, and clothing accessories.
The Norman Mersey Gun Collection.
The Norman Mersey Gun Collection contains 40 firearms from the 18th to 20th century.
The Christopher Stephen Quelch Lepidoptera Collection.
The Christopher Stephen Quelch Lepidoptera Collection contains over 8000 specimens of moths and butterflies from across the world with a focus on Manitoba. The collection also contains 1200 birds eggs.

</doc>
<doc id="5988999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5988999" title="Episcopal Diocese of Iowa">
Episcopal Diocese of Iowa

The Episcopal Diocese of Iowa is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America which covers all of Iowa. It is in Province VI. Its offices are in Des Moines, and it has two cathedrals: The Cathedral Church of St. Paul in Des Moines and Trinity Cathedral in Davenport.
History.
The Episcopal Church in Iowa can trace its roots to 1836 when services were held occasionally in Dubuque by the Rev. Richard F. Cadle. He was followed by the Rev. E. G. Gear and the Rev. J. Batchelder. The Rt. Rev. Dr. Philander Chase, Bishop of Illinois, visited Scott County in the fall of 1837.
The church started to develop across the state of Iowa. In July, 1853, the Rt. Rev. Jackson Kemper, missionary bishop of the Northwest, invited clergy and representatives of all the congregations in the state to meet at Trinity Church in Muscatine. On Wednesday, August 17, the Rev. Alfred Louderback, rector of Trinity Church, Davenport, was elected chairman in the bishop's absence. The constitutions and canons for the diocese were adopted and plans were made for the election of a bishop. The General Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America admitted the Diocese of Iowa to its membership in October, 1853.
On May 31, 1854, the first convention of the Diocese of Iowa began in Trinity Church, Davenport. The Rev. Henry Washington Lee, rector of St. Luke's Church, Rochester, New York, was elected the first bishop of Iowa. He was consecrated in his church in Rochester on October 18, 1854. Bishop Lee preached in the diocese for the first time on October 29, 1854 in St. John's Church, Dubuque.
The cornerstone for Trinity Cathedral, then called Grace Cathedral, was laid in 1867. The building was completed in 1873. It is the second church built as a cathedral in the Episcopal Church in the United States. In 1992 St. Paul's Church in Des Moines was named the diocese's liturgical cathedral and Trinity was maintained as its historic cathedral. Trinity, St. Paul's and ten other Episcopal churches in Iowa are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Coat of arms.
The present Coat of Arms for the Diocese of Iowa were designed by Cram and Ferguson and approved at the 1946 Diocesan Convention. The arms consist of the a field of green, which represents Iowa's prairies, bisected by two lines that represent the Mississippi River and the Missouri River. The gold cross contains five red diamonds which represent the five communities where the Episcopal Church in Iowa was organized: Dubuque, Davenport, Muscatine, Burlington, and Keokuk. The cross is surrounded by four ears of corn that represents Iowa’s agricultural heritage. A bishop's mitre tops the shield and it is surrounded by the words, "Seal of the Diocese of Iowa 1853." 

</doc>
<doc id="5989003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989003" title="East Lexham">
East Lexham

East Lexham is a village in the English county of Norfolk. It is north of the town of Swaffham, west north west of Norwich and north east of London. 
The village forms part of the civil parish of Lexham, which in turn is part of the district of Breckland. Local government responsibilities are shared between the parish, district and county councils.
The village is notable for its Anglican parish church. Dedicated to Saint Andrew, it is one of 124 existing round-tower churches in Norfolk.
The village lies about east of the A1065 Mildenhall to Fakenham road. The nearest railway station is at King’s Lynn for the Fen Line which runs between King’s Lynn and Cambridge. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport.
The Parish Church of Saint Andrew.
The parish church of Saint Andrews is a very early church which is thought to date from circa 900 AD and is thought to be one of the oldest churches in England. Nikolaus Pevsner, in his book North-west and South Norfolk but the church as probably Anglo-Saxon. the church stands within a circular churchyard with the building on a slight mound which suggest that this could have been a site for pagan worship, later taken over by the Christians in the 7C to curtail pagan worship. The original church may well have been built of wood or wattle and daub. The most recent research has also suggested, like Pevsner, that the current church was built by Saxons but with a Norman influence. This conclusion has been made due to the style and design of the three belfry openings which have all been constructed differently. The east opening has a unique stone frame cut out to form a maltese cross. Within the belfry is one bell which has a Latin inscription which translates to "I am called the bell of Virgin exalted Mary", The bell is thought to have been cast by Brasyers of Norwich in the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5989009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989009" title="Popovice (Benešov District)">
Popovice (Benešov District)

Popovice is a village in the Benešov District, Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="5989013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989013" title="Thyroxine-binding proteins">
Thyroxine-binding proteins

Thyroxine-binding proteins is a protein which binds thyroid hormone. Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="5989016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989016" title="Wellington (Shropshire) (UK Parliament constituency)">
Wellington (Shropshire) (UK Parliament constituency)

Wellington (Shropshire) is a former United Kingdom Parliamentary constituency, formally known as The Mid (or Wellington) Division of Shropshire. It was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1885 to 1918. It elected one Member of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="5989017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989017" title="Ross Bridge Golf Resort and Spa">
Ross Bridge Golf Resort and Spa

The Renaissance Ross Bridge Golf Resort and Spa is a 259-room resort, providing fine dining, a championship golf course, and equipped with a full service spa. In addition there is approximately of indoor/outdoor meeting space. The hotel is managed by PCH Hotels and Resorts, Inc. and is a franchise of Marriott International. 
The resort is located on the newest Robert Trent Jones Golf Trail location and is part of a chain of courses owned and operated by the Retirement Systems of Alabama. It is located near Birmingham, Alabama in the suburb of Hoover. Ross Bridge boasts the second longest golf course in the world at 8,191 yards. From 2006 through 2009, Ross Bridge has been the host course of a PGA Champions Tour golf tournament, the Regions Charity Classic.
Ross Bridge is one of three hotels in the state of Alabama to receive its four diamond rating from AAA. "Travel + Leisure" named it one of the top 500 hotels in the world.[http://promo.travelandleisure.com/tl500/2008/region/us?clear=1&reqhost=www.travelandleisure.com]

</doc>
<doc id="5989027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989027" title="16th century in North American history">
16th century in North American history

As a means of recording the passage of time, the 16th century in North American history lasted from 1501 to 1600. It is regarded by historians as the century in which the rise of the West occurred.
Events.
16th century.
Calusa culture flourishes in Key Marco, Florida. Their culture is known for its intricate woodcarving. Navajo people learned loom-weaving techniques from Pueblo people.
1568.
André Thevet's "The new found worlde, or Antarctike" is an English translation of Thevet's "Les singularitez de la France antarctique", first published in 1558.
André Thevet was a Franciscan friar who accompanied Villegagnon in 1555 when he went to establish a French colony on the coast of Brazil. He was there for only a few months, but in that time gained a considerable knowledge of the manners and customs of the natives. His observations were considered unreliable by some of his contemporaries and there is still some doubt as to whether or not his accounts can be regarded as accurate.
By his translation of Thevet, Thomas Hacket presented the first account in English of a curious American custom – the smoking of tobacco by means of burning leaves wrapped in a small cylinder (the cigar), or in a pipe: "Their maner to use it, is this, they wrappe a quantitie of this herbe being dry in a leafe of a palme tree which is very great, and so they make rolles of the length of a cãdle, and than they fire the one end, and receive the smoke therof by their nose and by their mouthe." Thevet's account of this practice is the first clear description of the cigar and its use.
1576.
Sir Humphrey Gilbert published his book, "A discourse of a discoverie for a new passage to Cataia." This book, which is an essay to prove the practicality of the Northwest Passage, was written partly in support of Gilbert's still unanswered petition of November 1566 for privileges "concerning the discoveringe of a passage by the North west to go to Cataia", partly to reassure his elder brother, Sir John, who, having no issue, was adverse to Sir Humphrey embarking personally on such an enterprise. Gilbert had shown his friend, the poet George Gascoigne, "sundrie profitable and verie commendable exercises which he had perfected painefully with his owne penne"; one of these "exercises" was the Discourse. Gascoigne edited it and published it in 1576, probably without Gilbert's authority. In 1583 Gilbert landed at Newfoundland and there founded the first British colony in North America. After a voyage of discovery along the south coast he sailed for home, but was lost in a storm off the southern Azores. A year later his patents were renewed in the name of his half-brother, Sir Walter Raleigh.
Late 1570s.
Martin Frobisher, licensed by Elizabeth I and backed by a group of merchant adventurers, sought gold in the New World and a northwest passage to the Orient. George Best accompanied Frobisher on all of his three voyages (in 1576, 1577 and 1578) and this work is the first account of them. It has two maps drawn by James Beare, Frobisher's principal surveyor, The rough outline map of the west of Europe, Groenland and "the supposed fyrmeland of America" wrongly convinced many people in England that the Northwest Passage had actually been discovered. But it was not until the late nineteenth century that the actual existence of a northwest passage was proved and only at the beginning of this century that the transit was made. Frobisher discovered Hudson Strait (which he named Mistaken Strait) and returned home with shiploads of fool's gold (iron pyrites) and mica, which finally served as road building material.
1577.
Richard Eden published "The history of travayle in the West and East Indies" in 1577—this is not a reprint of the 1555 edition, although, like that, the larger portion is taken up with Peter Martyr d'Anghiera's "Decades of the New World", the first formal history of the Americas, and Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo y Valdés (Oviedo)' "History of the West Indies". It contains a number of important additions not to be found in the earlier edition and appeared after the death of Eden.
This is the earliest collection of voyages in the English language and is of great historical importance. It contains the "Bull of Pope Alexander", in Latin and English, by which the world was divided between Spain and Portugal, as well as translations of the most important parts of the works of Oviedo, Maximilian of Transylvania, Vespuccius, Gomara, and others, pertaining to the maritime discovery of the New World.
1581.
Augustin de Zarate, the Comptroller of Accounts for Castile, was sent out as Treasurer-General with the first viceroy, Blasco Nuñez de Vela, to examine the financial affairs of Peru. During his stay at Lima, he carefully collected notes and materials in his journal and, on his return to Spain, began the compilation of a history of Peru from the discovery of Pizarro to the departure of Gasca. He had access to the best official sources of information, and his work is not without value, though strongly prejudiced. "The Historia del descubrimiento y conquista del Peru" ("The strange and delectable history of the discoverie and conquest of the provinces of Peru") is the foundation of all the subsequent histories of the events to which it refers.
This is the first English translation, by Thomas Nicholas, who also translated Francisco López de Gómara’s "La conquista de Mexico". Nicholas was employed by the Levant Company in the Canary Islands and spent several years in prison there and in Spain for alleged heresy. On his release and return to England he published his translations of Spanish works which were probably written during his imprisonment.
1582–1600.
Richard Hakluyt wrote and published his book, "The principal navigations, voyages, traffiques and discoveries of the English nation." Hakluyt was a graduate of University of Oxford, where he later lectured on geography. He was a scholar, a collector and a fervent advocate of colonial expansion. 
Hakluyt sincerely believed that England was obliged to carry the Protestant gospel to the Native American people. To enforce his argument, Hakluyt emphasized the advantages that England would receive if his demand for overseas colonies was met. His first book, "Divers voyages touching the discoverie of America", published in 1582, introduced the English-speaking world to the discoveries made in North America by the Cabot's, Verrazano and Ribaut. In 1589, he compiled his principal navigations—this is the second, enlarged edition that was published in the following year. Hakluyt's second edition documents a life devoted to the promotion of English colonization and commerce, through an exploration of the less-known or recently discovered parts of the world. The publication has been called "the prose epic of the modern English nation". The third volume is solely concerned with America and Hakluyt gathered firsthand narratives of exploration for posterity—its importance in relation to English discovery and colonization in America has been stated.
1589.
Walter Bigges' "A summarie and true discourse of Sir Francis Drakes West Indian voyage" is an account of Drake's expedition of 1585-86 against the Spaniards. The king of Spain had laid an embargo on all English ships and goods found in his country, and Elizabeth I had replied by letters of reprisal, and by ordering that a fleet of twenty-five sail be equipped "to revenge the wrongs offered her and to resist the king of Spain's preparations".
The first part of this work was written by Walter Bigges, a soldier officer; he died shortly after leaving Cartagena and the account was continued by Croftes, the lieutenant of Bigges' company. The expedition had been successful in that many Spanish settlements had been plundered and destroyed and a severe blow dealt to Spanish trade, but Croftes describes the difficulties faced by the English fleet, their sufferings from sickness, bad weather, and lack of water. It was only Drake's personal influence, courage and energy that kept them together. This was the voyage on which they brought into England, it is believed for the first time, tobacco and potatoes.
1596.
In 1594, Sir Walter Raleigh, interested in the Spanish legend of the riches of the city of Manoa (Eldorado) in South America, sent out an expedition to Guiana (modern Venezuela). He sailed to Guiana himself the following year and in 1596, after his return to England, sent out a third expedition under Lawrence Keymis. Raleigh's final expedition to South America in 1617 resulted in armed conflict with the Spanish and this in turn led to his execution in 1618.
"The discoverie of the large, rich, and bewtiful empyre of Guiana", written to refute those who claimed that Raleigh had never been to Guiana, is a storehouse of first-hand impressions and its influence can be traced in the works of Chapman, Shakespeare and Milton. It was an Elizabethan best-seller and the printer Robert Robinson produced no less than three editions of it in the year 1596.
1596.
Nicolás Monardes' "Joyfull newes out of the new-found worlde" is a translation by John Frampton, a merchant who spent most of his life in Spain, of Monardes' "Primera y segunda y tercera partes de la historia medicinal de las cosas que se traen de nuestras Indias occidentales qui sirven en medicinal", published in Seville in 1574.
Nicolas Monardes was one of the most distinguished Spanish physicians of his time. He studied medicine at Alcalá de Henares, where Cardinal Ximenez de Cisneros had founded schools of medicine and botany, and which was famous as a centre of medical research at a period when Spain had a high reputation in Europe as a leader of medical science.
At the time Monardes wrote his book he had been practising in Seville for forty years; new medicines, still untried in Europe, but by reputation in the Indies, possessing almost magical properties, were constantly being placed before him, with stories of their curative virtue and detailed accounts of their wonderful healing powers, plants and herbs which, according to the title page of the English edition, "bring such present remedie for all diseases, as may seeme altogether incredible: not withstanding by practice found out to be true."
Monardes was enthusiastic over the medical properties he thought inherent in tobacco and his account rapidly superseded that of Liébault whose work had hitherto been the chief source of information on the subject in Europe. Monardes made tobacco a household remedy throughout Western Europe and his gospel was accepted by the majority of European physicians for more than two centuries. Nowhere does he write of tobacco smoked by white men for pleasure

</doc>
<doc id="5989029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989029" title="Transcobalamin">
Transcobalamin

Transcobalamins are carrier proteins which bind cobalamin (B12).

</doc>
<doc id="5989037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989037" title="Wes Farrell">
Wes Farrell

Wes Farrell (December 21, 1939 – February 29, 1996) was an American musician, songwriter and record producer, who was most active in the 1960s and 1970s.
Career.
Farrell was one of the most prolific and influential songwriters, producers, publishers, and music executives of the 1960s and 1970s. To date Farrell's catalogue includes close to 500 songs that he wrote, produced, or published. One of his earliest successes, "Boys" (co-written with Luther Dixon), appeared on the B-side of The Shirelles' number-one 1960 hit "Will You Love Me Tomorrow", and in 1963 was covered by The Beatles for their debut album "Please Please Me". Farrell's biggest chart hit – the 1965 US #1 single "Hang on Sloopy" (a reworking of "My Girl Sloopy", co-written with Bert Russell, aka Bert Berns) – remains one of the most performed songs in the history of popular music, according to the RIAA. "Hang on Sloopy" also became the Official Rock Song of the U.S. state of Ohio, and the rock song for Ohio State University. The song is so popular in Columbus, Ohio and on the Ohio State University campus that the song is played at every sports homes game and graduation; the official website of the athletics department is HangOnSloopy.com. 
Other Farrell pop hits include the Animals' UK debut single "Baby Let Me Take You Home" (co-written with Bert Russell, #21, 1964) and two big 1964 releases for Jay and the Americans: "Come a Little Bit Closer" (co-written with songwriters Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart, US #3) and "Let's Lock the Door (And Throw Away the Key)" (with Roy Alfred, US #11 in early 1965). Farrell also co-wrote "Come and Take a Ride in My Boat" (with Jerry Goldstein), slightly reworked in 1967 to provide Every Mother's Son with their signature hit "Come on Down to My Boat" (US #6).
Wes's top 40 hit Look What You've Done first recorded by the Pozo Seco Singers in the 60s appears on the 2013 Carla Olson album Have Harmony, Will Travel as a duet with Rob Waller (of I See Hawks In LA).
In 1966, Farrell wrote the theme song for "Gammera the Invincible" (aka "Gamera"), the American cut of the first Gamera film .
Between 1970 and 1973, Farrell hit big with The Partridge Family, co-writing not only "C'mon On, Get Happy" (with Danny Janssen) – the theme to their television series – but nearly 30 songs for their seven studio albums. Partridge Family chart hits co-written by Farrell include "Doesn't Somebody Want to Be Wanted" (with Jim Cretecos and Mike Appel, US #6, 1971) and "I'll Meet You Halfway" (with Gerry Goffin, US #9, 1971). Notable album tracks include "I Can Feel Your Heartbeat" (with Jim Cretecos and Mike Appel), "Brand New Me" (with Eddie Singleton), "I'm Here, You're Here" (with Gerry Goffin), "One Night Stand" (with Paul Anka), "Twenty-Four Hours a Day" (with Danny Janssen), "Love Is All That I Ever Needed" (with David Cassidy), "Hello, Hello" (with Tony Romeo) and "Something New Got Old" (with Bobby Hart).
Recording artists Farrell produced include the Partridge Family (who actually consisted of David Cassidy and Shirley Jones with a team of studio musicians), Elephant's Memory (whose songs "Jungle Gym at the Zoo" and "Old Man Willow" appeared in the movie "Midnight Cowboy") and singer Lulu (two 1970s albums). 
Farrell went on to found Chelsea Records in 1972.
Personal life.
Farrell was born in 1939 in New York City, New York. In 1965 he married Joan Arthurs, and they had a daughter, named Dawn. Farrell and Arthurs divorced in 1972. He was married to actress/singer Tina Sinatra (daughter of Frank) in 1974, and to actress Pamela Hensley in 1979; both marriages ended in divorce. Farrell was later married to real estate mogul Jean Inman and had two children, named Wesley and Sky. Farrell died of cancer aged 56 in 1996 in Coconut Grove, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5989041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989041" title="West Lexham">
West Lexham

West Lexham is a village in the English county of Norfolk. It is north of the town of Swaffham, west north west of Norwich and north east of London. 
The village forms part of the civil parish of Lexham, which in turn is part of the district of Breckland. Local government responsibilities are shared between the parish, district and county councils.
The village lies about east of the A1065 Mildenhall to Fakenham road. The nearest railway station is at King’s Lynn for the Fen Line which runs between King’s Lynn and Cambridge. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport.
West Lexham is the birthplace of Philip Skippon (c. 1600, West Lexham, Norfolk – c. 20 February 1660) who was an English soldier who fought in the English Civil War. He rose to the rank of Major General in the Parliamentarian New Model Army and was one of Oliver Cromwell's most senior generals. He fought at several major battles of the Civil War and before that had been a professional soldier in various wars in mainland Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="5989047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989047" title="Education in Lebanon">
Education in Lebanon

Education in Lebanon is regulated by the Ministry of Education and Higher Education (MOEHE). In Lebanon, English or French with Arabic are taught from early years in schools. After primary education, English or French become the mandatory medium of instruction for mathematics and science for all schools. Education is compulsory from age 6 to age 14.
According to a 2013 World Economic Forum report, Lebanon is ranked 10th in overall quality of education, and 4th in science and math, These rankings are based on the Executive Opinion Survey, carried out as part of the WEF's Global Competitiveness Report, based on polling a sample of business leaders in each respective country.
Education system.
Education in Lebanon is divided into 5 cycles split in 3 phases: Pre-school education, basic education, and secondary education, the latter ending on a Baccalaureat or a "profesionnal certificate", which both give access to tertiary education. Education is compulsory age 6 to age 14, being the basic education cycle. Pre-school education (cycle 1) starts at age 3 or 4. Basic education is then composed of two levels: elementary level and intermediate level. Elementary level is grade 1 to 3 (cycle 2) and grades 4 to 6 (cycle 3). Intermediate level is grades 7 to 9 (cycle 4). Secondary Education is grades 10 to 12 (cycle 5). Secondary Education is usually completed at age 18.
Pre-school education.
According to the World Bank database, gross enrollment rate of pre-school education is 67.1 percent for male, 65.6 percent for female, and 66.4 percent for total in 2007. Pre-school education aims to initiate children into the school environment. The goal of pre-school education is 1) to create a favorable climate for the children to communicate with others, 2) to develop their physical capacities, limb control and coordination of their movements, and 3) to educate their senses. Pre-school education also takes into account physiological moral and intellectual development of children.
According to the World Bank database, private enrollment share for pre-school education is 80.3 percent in 2008.
Basic education.
Elementary Level
According to the Worlds database, gross enrollment rate of elementary level of basic education is for 96.8 percent for male, 93.9 percent for female, and 95.4 percent for total in 2007. Private enrollment share in elementary level is 67.6 percent in 2007.
Intermediate level
According to the World Bank database, gross enrollment rate of intermediate level is 83.2 percent for male, 90.7 percent for female, and 86.9 percent for total in 2007. (The World Bank Edstats) Primary completion rate of Lebanon (US$6,000 GNI per capita in 2007) is lower than that of Tunisia, Jordan, Iran, Algeria, West Bank and Egypt (all of which have lower GNI per capita). Primary completion rates have not improved during the period 1995/96 to 2003/04. In 2007, Primary completion rate is 79.8 percent for male, 83.3 percent for female, and 81.5 percent for total. According to UIS database, technical and vocational enrollment as percent of total enrollment in intermediate level is 5.1 percent in 2008. Private enrollment share of general education in intermediate level is 60.2 percent and that of technical and vocational education is 56.8 percent in 2008.
Secondary education.
Secondary education is three years education, and composes of general education (humanities, economics, life sciences, general sciences) and technical education (about 55 different fields of study). School principals decide students’ path based on students’ aptitude as shown by the Brevet examination results. When students complete three years education, they take official Lebanese Baccalaureate exams in their respective tracks (four in all). Students who finish examinations successfully obtain the Lebanese Baccalaureate Certificate of Secondary Education (Shahaadat Al-Bakaalouriya al Lubnaaniya l’il-ta ‘liim al-Thaanawi) or the Technical Baccalaureate (Al-Bakaalouriya al-Finniya)
Palestinian refugees in Lebanon have limited access to public secondary education. Most of them are not able to afford the high cost of private secondary education. UNRWA operates three secondary schools in Beirut, Saida and Tyre. School operated by UNRWA partially offset the absence of available educational opportunities at the secondary school level. (UNRWA website)
According to the World Bank database, gross enrollment rate of secondary education is 69.8 percent for male, 80.2 percent for female, and 74.9 percent for total. According to UIS database, technical and vocational enrollment as percent of total enrollment in secondary level is 27.8 percent in 2008. Private enrollment share of general education in intermediate level is 49.8 percent and that of technical and vocational education is 56.9 percent in 2008.
Lebanon participated in TIMSS in 2003 and 2007. Score of mathematics at 8th grade is 433 in 2003 and 449 in 2007. Score of science at 8th grade is 435 in 2003 and 404 in 2007.
At the end of middle school, each student has to enter the official exams.
Tertiary education.
Tertiary education in Lebanon is composed of Technical and Vocational Institutes, University colleges, University Institutes and Universities. The Lebanese University is the only public institution. The Ministry of Education and Higher Education administrates the private and public sectors and Technical and Vocational Institutes are under the Directorate General of Technical and Vocational Education Directorate General of Higher Education has responsibility for University Colleges, University Institutes and Universities).
According to the World Bank database, gross enrollment rate of tertiary education is 46.9 percent for male, 56.3 percent for female, and 51.6 percent for total. (The World Bank 2009) Private enrollment share of tertiary education is 53.4 percent.
Female students are seen in every university program or field of specialization.
The Lebanese Baccalaureate is accredited worldwide. French Baccalaureate can be presented by students who have other nationality than the Lebanese. The French Baccalaureate is also accredited.
While the Lebanese educational system offers a high quality education, many of the young people it graduates tend to leave the country to work abroad; An overwhelming majority of emigrants (77%) between 2004 and 2009 were young people under 35 years, many of whom are well-educated and highly skilled professionals (44% of those who emigrated held university degrees), which exacerbates the loss to Lebanon in terms of economic and social advancement. Another key statistic is the youth unemployment rate in Lebanon which has reached 24%. Unemployment rates are particularly high among highly skilled people, specifically university-educated individuals, who typically spend more than a year after graduation looking for a decent job in Lebanon, and then decide to leave after either not finding any employment or refusing to take a job which is well-below their qualifications.
Although the higher education system in Lebanon is highly developed, some of the issues that characterize it are particularly salient to the youth unemployment problem since this system is directly responsible for preparing a majority of the Lebanese youth for the labor market. With university graduates making up 30% of people seeking a job, it is clear that the Higher Education system needs to play a key role in resolving the problem of youth unemployment in Lebanon. The key issue related to this sector is the mismatch between the highly skilled graduates that universities supply and the skills and professionals the labor market demands; these supply-demand failings in the labor market are increasingly preventing young people from finding a job in their country that fits their qualifications. In order to address these issues, universities can implement policies to:
1. Reform the curricula to better prepare graduates for their professional life
2. Improve career guidance structures and activities
3. Invest in relevant research, statistics and data gathering.
Lebanon has 41 nationally accredited universities, several of which are internationally recognized.
The American University of Beirut (AUB) and the Université Saint-Joseph (USJ) were the first Anglophone and the first Francophone universities to open in Lebanon respectively.
The forty-one universities, both public and private, largely operate in French, or English as these are the most widely used foreign languages in Lebanon.
At the English universities, students who have graduated from an American-style high school program enter at the freshman level to earn their baccalaureate equivalence from the Lebanese Ministry of Higher Education. This qualifies them to continue studying at the higher levels. Such students are required to have already taken the SAT I and the SAT II (Subjects Test) upon applying to college, in lieu of the official exams. On the other hand, students who have graduated from a school that follows the Lebanese educational system are directly admitted to the sophomore year. These students are still required to take the SAT I, but not the SAT II.
The highest-ranked and most prestigious universities in Lebanon include the Université La Sagesse (ULS), the Lebanese University (LU), the American University of Science and Technology (AUST), the Lebanese American University (LAU), the Antonine University (UPA), the University of Balamand (UOB), the American University of Beirut (AUB), Beirut Arab University (BAU), the Lebanese International University (LIU), Haigazian University (HU), the Université Saint-Joseph (USJ), the American University of Technology (AUT), the Arts, Sciences and Technology University in Lebanon (AUL), the Université Saint-Esprit de Kaslik (USEK), the Notre Dame University - Louaize (NDU), and the Modern University for Business and Science (MUBS). In addition, some students choose to study abroad. The United Nations assigned Lebanon an Education Index of 0.84 in 2005.
Not all private higher educational institutions in Lebanon consider SAT I or SAT II for undergraduate admissions. The majority require a local entrance test prepared by these individual higher educational institutions. In most times, the entrance test is a placement test. The main requirement for undergraduate admissions for Lebanese students is the secondary-school leaving certificate called the Baccalaureate II or more recently the International Baccalaureate. However, students with a foreign nationality are admitted to private higher education institutions that pattern after the American system of higher education as Freshman students in case they do not have an equivalence to the Baccalaureate II. In case they obtain an equivalence from the Ministry of Education and higher Education, they are admitted as sophomore students. As for the Lebanese University, which is the only public higher educational institution in Lebanon, students are admitted to undergraduate programs based on their Baccalaureate II. A number of Faculties at the Lebanese University, such as the Faculty of Sciences require further testing for selectivity based on entrance tests (concurs) prepared and administered by this faculty.
Education management.
Ministry of Education and Higher Education (MOEHE) regulates all education institutes in the public sector through a regional education system. The education system in Lebanon is centralized, and this regulation is not direct. The education system is managed through regional education bureaus. Public schools are monitored by the regional education bureaus in the governorates. The regional education bureau serves as liaisons between the public school and the directorates of education at the ministry's headquarters. Private schools have their own organization, but private schools are still subject to the authority of the MOEHE.
The Center for Educational Research and Development (CERD) is an autonomous staff organization under the trusteeship of the MOEHE. CERD's tasks are 1) to draft curricula of academic and vocational education for the pre-university education stage, 2) to revise and modify the curricula according to the necessity, 3) to prepare all means and ways for applying these curricula, 4) to do educational research, 5) to secure training for pre-university teachers, 6) to prepare the curricula in all subject areas, 7) to provide teacher training, 8) to write textbooks, and 9) to conduct evaluations, etc.
Education finance.
According to the World Bank database, public education expenditure as percentage of GDP is 2.7 in 2007 and public education expenditure as percent of government spending is 9.6 in 2007. Public schools are financed by the Ministry of Education and private schools are financed by students' fees. The processes involved curricula draft and modification, and teacher training are mainly financed by nongovernment funds such as private companies or international bodies which include the World Bank and the UNDP.
Curriculum.
The Lebanese curriculum is used at all public and private schools in Lebanon. Schools have to apply both the Lebanese and foreign schemes at the same time when they will implement a foreign curriculum (French, English, or international) in a school.
References.
Cadmous College Lebanon (Issam al salman)

</doc>
<doc id="5989056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989056" title="Spiral Diner">
Spiral Diner

The Spiral Diners are vegan restaurants located in Near Southside Fort Worth, with a second location in Dallas, Texas. The Fort Worth location is currently the city's only vegan restaurant.
History.
Spiral Diner & Bakery was founded in 2002 by Amy McNutt, a vegan and animal rights advocate. McNutt's purpose in starting Spiral Diner was to demonstrate, in addition to its moral significance, that a vegan diet can be satisfying and delicious.
The first location for the diner was in the Fort Worth Rail Market, a renovated Santa Fe Railroad building that housed a variety of shops and food vendors as well as a Farmer's Market. During its stay there, the diner developed a large and loyal following. After just two years, a larger facility was needed. In 2004, a 1932 vintage building on Magnolia Avenue was acquired and refurbished. In August 2004, Spiral Diner & Bakery opened at that new location where it remains today. 
In June 2007 it was announced that Spiral Diner would be opening a second location in Dallas, Texas. Sara Tomerlin, a graduate of Texas Christian University and former Spiral Diner employee, signed a licensing agreement with McNutt to own and operate the Dallas location. After much planning and a major renovation of the chosen site, Tomerlin opened for business in March 2008.
In December 2007, licensing and ownership of Spiral Diner Fort Worth was sold and transferred to Lindsey Akey, a long-time Spiral Diner employee and the restaurant's manager for the past several years. Akey began operation as the new owner on January 1, 2008. 
Amy McNutt will remain as the owner of the Spiral Diner brand, serving as a consultant. Future plans may include additional Spiral Diner locations in other Texas cities.
Recognition.
The vegetarian magazine VegNews has featured Spiral Diner in their publication several times and nominated the restaurant for two "Veggie Awards" in 2006. Spiral Diner's Fort Worth location was named the magazine's "Restaurant of the Year" for 2007.
Spiral Diners are listed in the 2011 International Raw Food Restaurant Directory published by Ki Publishing Co-operative. www.kipublishing.com Ki Publishing is a member of the Tower Hamlets CDA (Co-operative Development Agency) in East London. Another co-operative in Tower Hamlets, a food co-operative, takes and sells fresh food to residents in East London who are not mobile enough to shop for themselves. www.cooperation.coop

</doc>
<doc id="5989057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989057" title="Jacquelyn Tran">
Jacquelyn Tran

Jacquelyn Tran is the founder and president of Beauty Encounter, formerly Perfume Bay, an online store featuring a selection of hard-to-find fragrances, cosmetics, skincare, hair care, and beauty accessories. http://www.beautyencounter.com offers more than 1,000 brands and niche beauty choices, many at a reduced price.
As the head of the company, Tran has played a pivotal role in its success. She is not only a perfume and cosmetics connoisseur, but also an effective businesswoman who understands the demands of the beauty industry and the Internet. While pursuing her degree in business management from University of California Irvine, she built on her family’s existing wholesale fragrance business, and started the online store, originally named Perfume Bay. The e-tailer soon became the family’s primary focus, and underwent a brand re-launch in early 2008 with a new website and a new name, Beauty Encounter. In 2006, she was recognized for her business prowess when she was included in the top five of "Inc." magazine’s “30 Hottest Entrepreneurs Under 30” feature. Later that year, she was named one of OC Metro’s “Hot 25”.
Beauty Encounter is consistently given high ratings by consumer advocate websites for reliability, customer service and product selection. The online retailer was honored with the Platinum Award for BizRate’s Research Circle of Excellence for the second time in 2008, in recognition of superior customer survey results. In 2007, "Internet Retailer" magazine ranked the online beauty source on its “Top 500 Guide,” and Inc. magazine listed it on its “5,000 Fastest Growing Private Companies in America” list.
Besides running her growing company, Tran has taken an active role in the community. She is a large supporter of the Breast Cancer Network of Strength organization, and a contributing member of Asian Women Entrepreneurs.

</doc>
<doc id="5989060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989060" title="Petrovo">
Petrovo

Petrovo, Petrovo Selo or Petrovo Polje is a Slavic toponym. The word "Petrovo" means "Peter's". It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5989064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989064" title="Topside">
Topside

Topside may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5989078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989078" title="Gary Vena">
Gary Vena

Dr. Gary Vena, Ph.D. is a Professor of English and Drama at Manhattan College in New York City, NY in the United States. He is a noted dramatic critic who has written several publications about drama including "Eugene O'Neill's THE ICEMAN COMETH: Reconstructing the Premiere", "How to Read and Write about Drama", and "Drama and Performance: An Anthology". Vena has received a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) from Fordham University, two Master of Arts (M.A.) degrees, one from The Catholic University of America and the other from New York University, and a Ph.D. from New York University. 

</doc>
<doc id="5989088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989088" title="Greystone Golf &amp; Country Club">
Greystone Golf &amp; Country Club

Greystone Golf & Country Club is a private, 36-hole golf club located just outside Birmingham, Alabama, United States, in the suburb of Hoover, Alabama. The two courses are known as The Founders Course (designed by Bob Cupp) and the The Legacy Course (designed by Rees Jones in 2000). The Legacy Course is currently ranked #89 in Golf Week's "Top 100 Residential Courses". From 1992-2005, the club hosted the PGA Champions Tour golf tournament, the Bruno's Memorial Classic. In fact, the course was so beloved by the players, officials, and media that they voted it in a Sports Illustrated poll as the #1 stop on the Champion tournament two years in a row [http://www.businessalabama.net/default.asp?id=1141][http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/golf/news/2001/08/14/top_10/].

</doc>
<doc id="5989097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989097" title="Mudgett">
Mudgett

Mudgett, an English-language family name and place name in America, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5989098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989098" title="George Thorne (actor)">
George Thorne (actor)

George Thorne (6 January 1856 – 24 July 1922) was an English singer and actor, best known for his performances in the comic baritone roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, especially on tour and in the original New York City productions. He married D'Oyly Carte chorister Geraldine Thompson.
Life and career.
George Tyrell Thorne was born in Chertsey, Surrey, England. His father was Richard Samuel Thorne, who managed the Surrey Theatre. His elder brother, Thomas Thorne, was an actor and theatre manager, best known as a founding manager of London's Vaudeville Theatre. His nephew was the actor Frank Gillmore, and his great-nieces were the actresses Ruth Gillmore and Margalo Gillmore.
Early career.
Thorne began his stage career at the age of two, when he was carried on at the Theatre Royal, Margate, in the burlesque "Medea". Early engagements followed with his sister, Sarah Thorne's, company, (1870–73); John Coleman's stock company in Leeds (1873); the Covent Garden pantomime (1874–75); and at the Corinthian Theatre, Calcutta, where he reportedly played 104 parts in six months in 1876.
D'Oyly Carte years.
Thorne joined a D'Oyly Carte touring company in 1881, playing Captain Felix Flapper in "Billee Taylor". Later in 1881, back in England, he toured as Reginald Bunthorne in "Patience". In 1882–83, he toured as Blood-red Bill in Edward Solomon and Henry Pottinger Stephens's "Claude Duval" and then as Bunthorne. In 1883, Thorne married actress Beatrice Thomas, who toured with Thorne as a chorister in the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company under the stage name Geraldine Thompson. In 1884, Thorne appeared as Sir Joseph Porter in "H.M.S. Pinafore", Major General Stanley in "The Pirates of Penzance", and Bunthorne, with a D'Oyly Carte touring company, adding the roles of Lord Chancellor in "Iolanthe" and Ko-Ko in "The Mikado" in 1885.
In 1885, Thorne traveled to New York to present "The Mikado" at the Fifth Avenue Theatre, where the company played until 1886. This production also included Geraldine Ulmar as Yum-Yum, Courtice Pounds as Nanki-Poo, and Fred Billington as Pooh-Bah. While in New York, Arthur Sullivan wrote a special comic orchestration for Thorne (stressing the bassoon part) as an encore to "The Flowers that Bloom in the Spring" (preserved in Sullivan's autograph score), performed in pantomime. Later, other D'Oyly Carte artists performed a pantomime encore.
Returning from America in 1886, Thorne toured the British provinces and Europe as Sir Joseph and Ko-Ko until 1887. He then returned to England to rehearse the new opera, "Ruddigore". He gave two matinee performances as Robin Oakapple at the Savoy Theatre and then traveled to New York again to play Robin there with substantially the same troupe that had played in "The Mikado" in New York in 1885-86. From 1887 to 1890 (with a break in late 1889 to early 1890, when he contracted typhoid fever), he toured playing Bunthorne, Ko-Ko, Sir Joseph, and later the Major General and Jack Point in "The Yeomen of the Guard". Thorne originated the tragic ending for that character, which was later adopted by most portrayers of the role. He said that Point was his favourite of the roles.
From 1890 to 1896, Thorne was the principal comedian with a D'Oyly Carte touring company, playing John Wellington Wells in "The Sorcerer", Sir Joseph, the Major General, Bunthorne, the Lord Chancellor, King Gama in "Princess Ida", Ko-Ko, Jack Point, and the Duke of Plaza-Toro in "The Gondoliers". He also played Bumbo in "The Nautch Girl" (1892). From 1896 to 1897, he was on the first D'Oyly Carte tour of South Africa, playing his usual roles, as well as Scaphio in "Utopia Limited" and Rudolph in "The Grand Duke". He then toured in Britain in 1898 to 1899.
Thorne died in Edlesborough, Bedfordshire, England at the age of 66.
Playwright and author.
Thorne wrote several pantomimes, some burlesques, two comic operas, and adaptations of several of Charles Dickens's novels for the stage. He also wrote a volume of reminiscences, entitled "Jots".

</doc>
<doc id="5989113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989113" title="Mulberry Grove">
Mulberry Grove

Mulberry Grove may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5989116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989116" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1948">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1948

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1948 according to "Billboard magazine". Prior to the creation of the Hot 100, "Billboard" published multiple singles charts each week. In 1948, the following three charts were produced:
Shown is a list of songs that topped the Best Sellers in Stores chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5989125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989125" title="Ted Bates">
Ted Bates

Ted Bates may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5989129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989129" title="Reset (Mutemath EP)">
Reset (Mutemath EP)

Reset is the name of an extended play (EP) album by Mutemath. "Reset" is the band's first release. It was released September 28, 2004 by a division of Warner Music Group. The album went out of print in the US in 2006, but was re-released in the UK on July 23, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5989134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989134" title="Theodor Aman">
Theodor Aman

Theodor Aman (; 20 March 1831, Câmpulung-Muscel–19 August 1891, Bucharest) was a Romanian painter of Armenian descent. His style is often considered to be a predecessor of Impressionism.
He is buried in Bellu cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5989142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989142" title="Mulhall">
Mulhall

Mulhall can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5989149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989149" title="Westin Book Cadillac Hotel">
Westin Book Cadillac Hotel

The Westin Book Cadillac Detroit is a luxurious historic skyscraper hotel located at 1114 Washington Boulevard in Downtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Washington Boulevard Historic District. Designed in the Neo-Renaissance style, and constructed as the Book-Cadillac, it is part of Westin Hotels and embodies Neo-Classical elements and building sculpture, incorporating brick and limestone. Among its notable features are the sculptures of notable figures from Detroit's history—General Anthony Wayne, Antoine Laumet de La Mothe, sieur de Cadillac, Chief Pontiac, and Robert Navarre along the ornate Michigan Avenue façade and copper-covered roof elements. The flagship hotel is tall with 31 floors, and includes 67 exclusive luxury condominia and penthouses on the top eight floors. It reopened in October 2008 after completing a $200-million reconstruction project and contains the Roast restaurant.
History.
The hotel was developed by the Book Brothers—J. Burgess, Frank, and Herbert. The brothers sought to turn Detroit's Washington Boulevard into the "Fifth Avenue of the West." Part of that vision was the creation of a flagship luxury hotel to compete against the Detroit Statler Hotel three blocks to the north. They commissioned architect Louis Kamper, who designed their Book Building in 1917, to design the building. In 1917, the brothers bought the old Cadillac Hotel at the northeast corner of Michigan and Washington Blvd., but World War I material shortages delayed the start of work on their new hotel. Construction finally began in 1923, and the building, which bore part of the name of the old structure, was the tallest in the city and the tallest hotel in the world when it opened in December 1924.
The hotel cost $14 million to build and contained 1,136 guest rooms. Public spaces on the first five floors included three dining rooms, three ballrooms, a spacious lobby, and a ground floor retail arcade. On the hotel's top floor was radio station WCX, the predecessor to WJR. The hotel operated successfully until the Great Depression, when banks foreclosed and the Book brothers lost control in 1931. For much of the period after the Books lost ownership, the hotel was run by hotel industry pioneer Ralph Hitz's National Hotel Management Company.
On May 2, 1939, a meeting took place in the hotel lobby between New York Yankees first baseman Lou Gehrig and team manager Joe McCarthy in which Gehrig told McCarthy to leave him out of the starting line-up from that day's game, ending his 2,130 consecutive games streak.
In 1951, Sheraton bought the hotel, renamed it the Sheraton-Cadillac Hotel, and undertook massive renovations. All public spaces except the ballrooms and Italian Garden were redone and escalators replaced the grand staircase. In 1975, with business declining and the hotel in need of another renovation, Sheraton sold the building to Herbert R. Weissberg and it became the Detroit-Cadillac Hotel. Ownership changed again in 1976, and it became the Radisson-Cadillac Hotel. In 1979 the Radisson chain sold the property, and it became the Book-Cadillac once again. Though it was considered the city's top hotel for many years the owners announced that the hotel would close due to declining occupancy. The city of Detroit, scheduled to host the 1980 Republican National Convention, did not want to face the prospect of losing more downtown hotel space, so in late 1979 the city entered into a partnership through the Detroit Economic Growth Corporation with the owners to keep the hotel open.
By 1983, it was decided that the only way to bring the hotel back to profitability was to convert it into a mixed-use property. The hotel's 1100 rooms were deemed too numerous to fill and were too small by modern standards. The plan would turn the building into the Book-Cadillac Plaza, a 12 floor, 550-room hotel and 11 floors of office space. The hotel closed its doors in October 1984 for the renovation, but those plans were quickly dashed as proposed construction cost soared, and Detroit's economic situation continued to deteriorate. For the next two years developers came and went. But with no one able to take on the increasingly complex renovation, in 1986 the contents were liquidated. After the sale, the hotel's retail tenants who had planned to stay through the renovation moved out and the building was shuttered, a state in which it would remain for the next 20 years. Time passed and the unmaintained property fell victim to time, the elements, vandalism, and urban scavengers.
In July 2003, after years of legal battles to fully acquire the building and to find a developer, the city of Detroit announced a $150 million renovation deal with Historic Hospitality Investments a subsidiary of Kimberly-Clark to turn the building into a Renaissance Hotel. Work started shortly after the announcement but came to a halt in November when construction crews discovered more damage than anticipated. The associated cost overrun caused Kimberly-Clark to back out of the deal. A new renovation plan through the Cleveland-based Ferchill Group was announced in June 2006, with the Book-Cadillac to become a Westin Hotel and Residences. Kaczmar Architects Inc. of Cleveland completed design and historic renovation work on the project from August 2006 through to completion in the fall of 2008, with a grand opening celebration held on October 25, 2008.
Architecture.
Architect Louis Kamper designed the hotel in the Renaissance Revival style at the corner of Washington Boulevard and Michigan Avenue. Abutting the hotel on the north was the headquarters of the Detroit Edison Company. The structure is a steel skeleton faced with beige brick and limestone accents.
The lower six floors are clad in limestone. On the ground floor it is carved into wide horizontal bands while floors two through five are smooth. Corinthian pilasters and columns separate the windows of the public rooms from the second to fifth floors with windows for the second and third floors contained in large arches. Windows on the fourth floor are framed by small balconies. Above the sixth floor, the exterior is beige brick with cornices at floors 7, 16 and 21. Ionic columns frame windows on floors 23 through 25. A large cornice encircled the 27th floor and was removed during an earlier renovation.
Limestone quoins accent three corners of the building which are capped with copper-clad ziggurats. The north and south sides have penthouse towers that extend to the 31st floor. When the north penthouse was reconstructed, it was built shorter to make the zigurrats the highest points of the building. The building sits atop three basements, which contain some inoperable mechanical equipment too large to remove during renovation.
On June 27, 2006, the Ferchill Group agreed to renovate the structure into a mixed-use hotel and condominium building including a 453-room Westin Hotel, and 67 condominium units priced above $280,000. ForrestPerkins completed interior designs for the project which cost $176 million and was completed in fall 2008. As part of the renovation some of the original decor of the Grand Ballroom (renamed the Venetian Ballroom) and Italian Garden was recreated. A three-story addition containing a new ballroom, pool, hot-tub, fitness center, spa, and additional conference space was built north of the hotel on the site previously occupied by the Detroit Edison Headquarters.
Across Shelby Street from the hotel, the Peoples' Outfitting building, also known as the Detroit Commerce Building was demolished and replaced with a 10-story parking garage for hotel guests and residents.
In popular culture.
The Book-Cadillac was Detroit's tallest building, and the tallest hotel in the world, when it opened in 1924. The bar and coffee shop played court to Detroit's notorious Purple Gang, whose leader Abe Bernstein maintained residence on the top floor until his death in 1968. On May 2, 1939, New York Yankee first baseman Lou Gehrig collapsed on the hotel's grand staircase. Gehrig, who would later be diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, decided to sit-out that afternoon's game against the Detroit Tigers, ending his consecutive games played streak. The 1947 Frank Capra movie State of the Union featured scenes that were filmed at the hotel. Scenes in the 1973 cult movie Detroit 9000 were shot at the hotel. The HGTV show House Hunters aired an episode entitled "Settling Down in Detroit" in which a couple searches for a historic home in Detroit. They end up choosing one of the newly restored condos in the hotel. Michael Symon, who has appeared on four Food Network/Cooking Channel shows as a host and a judge, owns and operates the Roast restaurant at the Westin Book Cadillac Hotel in Detroit. He has hosted the shows "Food Feuds" and "Cook like an Iron Chef".

</doc>
<doc id="5989152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989152" title="A.S. Pirae">
A.S. Pirae

AS Pirae is a football (soccer) team from Pirae in Tahiti. They are one of the most successful teams in Tahiti having won the Tahiti Division Fédérale eight times. They are also the first French Polynesian team to have reached the final of the OFC Champions League, which they achieved in 2006.
Oceania Club Championship 2006.
AS Pirae qualified for the Oceania Club Championship 2006 after winning the Division Fédérale. In the group stages they recorded big wins against Marist FC 10-1, and Sobou FC 7-0, which was enough to secure their passage to the Semi Finals despite a 1-0 defeat to Auckland City FC in the last game. In the Semi Finals they pulled off a major shock beating YoungHeart Manawatu 2-1 thanks to early goals from Jose Hmae and Naea Bennett. However in the Final they met Auckland City once again and suffered a 3-1 defeat. This remains the best performance by any French Polynesian side in the premier Oceanian club competition.
Recent Seasons.
Between 2007 and 2010 Pirae have been unable to replicate the form that saw them finish Runners-Up in the Oceania Club Championship and they have not qualified for the competition in its new form the OFC Champions League. In the 2009-10 season Pirae finished 4th in the Division Fédérale and then 4th in the Championship Play-Off.
Current squad.
Squad for the 2013-14 OFC Champions League:

</doc>
<doc id="5989165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989165" title="Pandji Tisna">
Pandji Tisna

Anak Agung Pandji Tisna (11 February 1908 – 2 June 1978), also known as Anak Agung Nyoman Pandji Tisna, I Gusti Nyoman Pandji Tisna, or just Pandji Tisna, was the 11th descendent of the Padji Sakti dynasty of Buleleng, Singaraja, which is in the northern part of Bali, Indonesia. He succeeded his father, Anak Agung Putu Djelantik, in 1944.
On the last page of Pandji Tisna's book, "I Made Widiadi", written in 1955, he wrote his life story in chronological order. He was a writer and a novelist. He refused to be the king of Buleleng, but being the eldest son, the Japanese occupancy troops forced him to be "syucho" after the death of his father in 1944.
During his reign, he became the leader of the Council of Kings of all of Bali from 1946 to 1947 ("Paruman Agung") and the Regent of Buleleng. In 1947, because his uniquely Christian faith did not fit in with the predominant Hindu religion, Pandji Tisna surrendered the throne to his younger brother, Anak Agung Ngurah Ketut Djelantik or I Gusti Ketut Djelantik, also known as Meester Djelantik, until 1949.
He died 2 June 1978 and was buried in the graveyard on the Eastside of his land near the chapel he built years before.
Early years.
Anak Agung Pandji Tisna was born to Anak Agung Putu Djelantik and his wife Jero Mekele Rengga.
Pandji Tisna received his formal education in a primary school in Singaraja and continued his education in a middle school in Batavia.
Career.
Pandji Tisna is best known as a novelist. His novels, which all took place in Bali, especially in Singaraja, his birthplace, were published by Balai Pustaka. Many of his short stories were published in "Terang Bulan" magazine in Surabaya. He also took the time to write poems, such as "Ni Poetri", which was published by Sutan Takdir Alisyahbana in "Poedjangga Baroe" magazine in Jakarta.
Pandji Tisna had a varied career as a merchant, secretary to his father, Headmaster of Elementary School, Editor of Jatayu magazine, and farmer, before succeeding to the throne on the death of his father on 25 July, 1944. He was Chair of the Balinese Council of Kings from 1946–1947, but abdicated in favour of his brother, Meester Djelantik, in 1947.
He was a member of the Provisional Parliament of the State of East Indonesia from 1946-1948.
Development of the Balinese tourist industry.
Pandji Tisna is also remembered as a pioneer of Balinese tourism, especially in the northern beach district. In 1953, he chose Desa Tukad Cebol (now Desa Kaliasem Village) as his holiday home. There he wrote and received both local and foreign guests. He named his holiday home "Lovina", which is an abbreviation of words "Love Indonesia". He then built several guest houses in the western coast in Buleleng. The whole area then became known as "Pantai Lovina", or "Lovina Beach" in English. For this reason, he is accredited as "The Father of Balinese Tourism". In 2003, the Balinese government posthumously awarded him the Karya Karana Award in recognition of his services to the development of Balinese tourism.
Family.
Pandji Tisna had four wives, Anak Agung Istri Manik, with whom he had two sons; Ni Ketut Mayas (Jero Mekele Seroja), with whom he had two sons and 1 daughter; Luh Sayang (Mekele Sadpada), with whom he had two sons ; and Jro Mekele Resmi, with whom he had 4 sons and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="5989174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989174" title="Government Intermediate College">
Government Intermediate College

Government Intermediate Colleges (GICs) are state-run higher secondary schools in the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand and Andhra Pradesh. For instance there are 19 GICs in Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="5989176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989176" title="Alex Shepherd">
Alex Shepherd

Alexander James Shepherd (born 13 October 1946 in Toronto, Ontario) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2004.
Shepherd was a Chartered Accountant based in Port Perry, Ontario when he became the Liberal party candidate for Durham electoral district in the 1993 general election. He won the riding and was re-elected there in the 1997 and 2000 general elections, serving in the 35th, 36th and 37th Canadian Parliaments respectively. He was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Revenue, and on the Finance Committee.
Shepherd did not campaign again for the Durham riding and therefore left federal politics in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5989190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989190" title="Ranch Rescue">
Ranch Rescue

Ranch Rescue is a volunteer organization that assists ranchers and owners of property near the United States-Mexico border in the protection of their property. The organization claims that the protection is necessary due to damages caused by unauthorized border crossers, which it characterizes as terrorist. It also claims that the government has willfully and intentionally failed to protect property owners. 
At one time, Ranch Rescue featured a web site with links to news articles and opinion pieces regarding the U.S.-Mexico border. It also served as a recruitment tool for future members of the group. 
Ranch Rescue has had chapters in the states of Arizona, California, Colorado, Kentucky, New Mexico, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, and Virginia. As of 2003, its largest chapter in Arizona had disbanded. Generally, Ranch Rescue operates on private property at the behest of the owners. When a landowner requests protection from the organization, Ranch Rescue operatives set up a military-style operation on the property and terms it as such. The operatives use electronic surveillance equipment, binoculars, flares, two-way radios, trained dogs, and firearms and other weapons. 
Legal issues.
An operation at Sutton Ranch in Jim Hogg County, Texas, was termed "Operation Falcon". On March 18, 2003, Fatima Del Socorro Leiva Medina and Edwin Alfredo Mancia Gonzales, illegal immigrants from El Salvador, alleged that they were chased, detained, threatened, robbed and assaulted by Ranch Rescue operatives after being caught trespassing on the property. One operative, Henry Mark Conner, allegedly aimed a rifle at Leiva and Mancia during the incident. He and Casey James Nethercott, another operative, were indicted on charges of aggravated assault and unlawful restraint. Nethercott was additionally indicted on charges of unlawful possession of a firearm by a felon. In 2011 the New York Times reported that Nethercott "has a string of assault and weapons convictions, and was once mentioned in Congressional testimony on abuses by bounty hunters for detaining at gunpoint two Southern California high school students on their way home from a football game."
Subsequent to the attacks, Leiva and Mancia sued the Texas chapter of Ranch Rescue. They were represented by attorneys from the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) and the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund, among others. They sued for damages relating to their physical injuries and emotional distress.
The judge in the case ruled in their favor. Joseph Sutton settled for $100,000, but neither Nethercott nor Ranch Rescue leader Jack Foote defended themselves in court. Nethercott was ordered to pay a default settlement of $850,000. Unable to pay the settlement, Nethercott was ordered to surrender his only asset —a ranch near the Arizona-Sonora border. 
In an action considered by some to be in response to this civil award, Arizona voters passed, in a favorable vote of 74.2% of votes cast, the Arizona Standing in Civil Actions, Proposition 102 (2006), preventing illegal immigrants from collecting punitive damages. This law, however, did not aid Ranch Rescue and, in 2011, Nethercott was quoted as saying, "If something happens with an illegal, and they try to sue you and get visas and amnesty, it won't work anymore. Nobody else will lose their home. That's what's important." 

</doc>
<doc id="5989194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989194" title="Ion Jalea">
Ion Jalea

Ion Jalea (; born 19 May 1887 – died 7 November 1983) was a Romanian sculptor, titular member of the Romanian Academy.
Biography.
Artistic studies.
Born on the 19th of May, 1887, in the little town of Casimcea, Tulcea county, Ion Jalea studied first at "The School of Arts and Crafts" (in Romanian, "Școala de Arte și Meserii") and then at the "Academy of Beaux Arts" ("Academia de Arte Frumoase") in București, where he was the pupil of the renowned Romanian sculptors Frederik Storck and Dimitrie Paciurea. The final touch of his artistic education was given in Paris at the Académie Julian, with the sculptor Antoine Bourdelle.
World War One.
During World War One, Ion Jalea was part of the Romanian Army and fought in a series of battles. He was severely wounded and lost his left arm that had to be amputated next to the shoulder. After recuperating, despite being an amputee, he continued to dedicate his life to sculpture, as he did before. He became a well known sculptor by working with his right arm only and his greatest achievements were after he lost his arm.

</doc>
<doc id="5989199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989199" title="Ted Bates (executive)">
Ted Bates (executive)

Theodore Lewis "Ted" Bates (September 11, 1901–May 30, 1972) was an American advertising executive who founded a worldwide advertising agency that bears his name: Ted Bates Inc.
Biography.
Born in New Haven, Connecticut, Bates attended Phillips-Andover Academy, then graduated from Yale University in 1924. He founded Ted Bates & Co. in 1940, which evolved into the 21st-century advertising agency Bates 141. His empire launched in Asia in the early 1960s after acquiring a stake in Cathay Advertising from George Patterson, an Australian advertising executive. Cathay Advertising was used by Bates as a vehicle to drive expansion in the region so that by the late 1960s, Ted Bates Inc. was operating in Manila, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur, Singapore and Hong Kong.
Legacy.
In 1982, the American Advertising Federation (AAF) inducted Bates with Charles H. Brower and Bernice Fitz-Gibbon to the Advertising Hall of Fame. His creative partner, advertising maverick Rosser Reeves, described the reasons for Bates' success at the induction: 
There are two things not commonly known which I want to put on the record today. Very early on at one fell swoop, Ted Bates gave away 90 percent of his agency to his key people. When I asked him why, he said, 'Rosser, I would rather own 10 percent of a success than 100 percent of a failure.' And that leads to the other thing. By making us rich and therefore making us work like demons, Ted built an agency that for the first 26 consecutive years did not lose a client...

</doc>
<doc id="5989200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989200" title="Boots and His Brothers">
Boots and His Brothers

Boots and His Brothers is a Norwegian fairy tale collected by Peter Christen Asbjørnsen and Jørgen Moe in their "Norske Folkeeventyr".
Synopsis.
A king had his castle shadowed by a great oak tree, and had no well that held water year round. He declared that whoever cut down the oak and dug the well would have the princess and half the kingdom. 
Three brothers, who had set out because their father was too poor to give them anything, were going to his palace. The youngest son heard something hewing, and went off. He found an axe that was hewing by itself, and it said that it had been waiting for him. He took it and went back, telling his brother that it had been an axe, and endured their ridicule. Again, he heard something digging, found a shovel digging by itself, and took it as well; then he wondered where a brook came from, and found not a spring but a walnut, which he stopped up with moss.
When they reached the king, he had decreed that whoever tried and failed would have his ears clipped off and be put on a deserted island. The two older tried, failed, and suffered the punishment. The youngest set the axe to cut down the tree, the spade to dig the well, and the nut to fill it.
The story says that it was just as well that the brothers lost their ears, because it spared them hearing people's comments that their youngest brother had not been a fool to wonder.

</doc>
<doc id="5989208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989208" title="Elizabeth Dowdall">
Elizabeth Dowdall

Lady Elizabeth Dowdall (died 1658) was the daughter of Sir John Dowdall, a wealthy landowner in County Limerick Ireland.
In 1629, she married Sir Hardress Waller, who was later to become one of the regicides of Charles I.
In 1641, during the Irish Rebellion, Elizabeth successfully defended Kilfinny Castle against the rebels, and is reputed to have hung several of them during the fighting.
She died in 1658.
One of her daughters was Elizabeth Waller, Baroness Shelburne, the wife of the economist Sir William Petty.

</doc>
<doc id="5989221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989221" title="Administrative divisions of Vladimir Oblast">
Administrative divisions of Vladimir Oblast


</doc>
<doc id="5989244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989244" title="Josef Maleček">
Josef Maleček

Josef "Pepa, Pepi, Joe" Maleček (June 18, 1903 – September 26, 1982) was a very successful Czechoslovak ice hockey player during the period between World Wars.
He was born in Prague and died in Bayport, New York, United States. In 1924 he participated with the Czechoslovak team in the first Winter Olympics ice hockey tournament. Four years later he was a member of the Czechoslovak team which participated in the 1928 Olympics ice hockey tournament. In 1936 he finished fourth with the Czechoslovak team in the Olympic ice hockey tournament. After communist takeover in Czechoslovakia (1948) he emigrated from the country.

</doc>
<doc id="5989245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989245" title="Joice Maduaka">
Joice Maduaka

Joice Maduaka (born 30 September 1973) is a British track and field athlete, who competes over the 100, 200 and occasionally 400 metres. She holds the record for winning the most medals of any athlete at the British Athletics Championships, standing at 19 medals to date, including being the 100 m champion 6 times, and the 200 m champion a further 4 times.
Athletics career.
2006.
As women's sprinting in Britain began to develop again, Maduaka was faced with domestic challenges from athletes such as Abi Oyepitan. In 2006 Maduaka was not selected for the Commonwealth Games, but instead ran in the World Indoor Athletics Championships. In late 2006, she burst back onto the scene, setting new personal bests.
She went on to represent Great Britain at the 2006 European Championships in Athletics, finishing 4th in the final of the 100 m and finishing 2nd in the 4 x 100 m relay.
Maduaka became the British champion over 100 m and 200 m at the British Championships in 2006, beating her opposition by a considerable margin.
At the end of the year Maduaka was ranked as the fastest British athlete over 100 m and the second fastest over 200 m.
2007.
At the 2007 AAA Championships she failed to defend her 100 m crown, finishing third behind Jeanette Kwakye, and also had to pull out of the final of the 200 m, despite winning her heat very convincingly, due to illness. The 200 m was also won by Kwakye.
At the 2007 European Cup first division, Maduaka finished 2nd in the individual 100 m, 1st in the 200 m and anchored the British team home to first place in the relay, winning 23 points altogether, for her team. This is the most any British athlete has ever done for their country at these championships.
Joice Maduaka was later chosen to represent her country at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics. She was excluded from the 100 m list, as Montell Douglas was the only British athlete who had obtained the A-standard whilst, Laura Turner had been selected as an improving athlete. Maduaka and Jeanette Kwakye were to be the only British representatives in the 200 m. However, Turner went on to achieve the A standard for the 100 m, meaning that GBR were permitted another athlete in the event. The committee chose Kwakye, and then replaced her in the 200 m with Emily Freeman.
Controversy.
In late 2006 Maduaka and the rest of the British Women's Relay Team, represented the Europe team at the 2006 World Athletics Cup. However, the officials had placed the Europe team and the USA team in the wrong lanes, so when it came to pass the baton, they would have been passing them to the opposition. Team USA passed the batons, but team GBR (Europe) were unsure, but in the end did make a change. Both teams finished. USA was disqualified, but Europe wasn't. The race was not rerun, despite being rescheduled.
Personal Bests.
100 metres- 11.23 At Manchester on 15 July 2006<br>
200 metres- 22.83 At Birmingham on 25 July 1999
Major Championships History.
Olympic Games.
Athens 2004
Sydney 2000
World Championships.
Osaka 2007
Paris 2003
Seville 1999

</doc>
<doc id="5989254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989254" title="Allegory in Renaissance literature">
Allegory in Renaissance literature

Allegory is used extensively in Renaissance literature. Growing out of the use of allegory in the Middle Ages, Renaissance literature exhibits an increased emphasis on courtly love. 
The most famous example of an allegorical work from the Renaissance is probably Edmund Spenser's The Faerie Queene. In book 4 Agape has three sons, "Priamond" (from one), "Diamond" (from two), and "Telamond" (from "téleios", perfect, but emended by Jortin to "Triamond" in his 1734 edition). The three sons correspond to the three worlds, born of love. Cambell's battle with the three sons is an allegory of ""man's battle with the three worlds to find his place in the universe, to establish harmony in God's creation, and ultimately to achieve salvation"". Furthermore, since any triad may be an analogue of another, the three brothers could also be an allegory of the three worlds of man's soul: the vegetative, the sensitive, and the angelic".
Another example of allegory in Renaissance literature is "Roman de la Rose", a French poem styled as an allegorical dream vision. It is a notable instance of courtly literature. At various times in the poem, the "Rose" of the title is seen as the name of the lady, and as a symbol of female sexuality in general.
Kenneth Borris has argued that Philip Sidney and John Milton were also major allegorists. The theory of allegory is also discussed in Sir John Harington's Apology for Poetry (included in his translation of Ariosto's Orlando furioso, 1591).
By the 16th century allegory was firmly linked to what is known as the "Elizabethan world picture", taken from Ptolemy and Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite. This theory postulates the existence of three worlds:
Pico della Mirandola discusses the interrelations between these three worlds in the introduction to his Heptaplus: 'For euen as the...three worlds being girt and buckled with the bands of concord doe by reciprocall libertie, interchange their natures; the like do they also by their appellations. And this is the principle from whence springeth & groweth the discipline of allegoricall sense' (translated by Pierre de la Primaudaye in "The French Academie", London, 1618, p. 671).

</doc>
<doc id="5989257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989257" title="Dublin Suburban Rail">
Dublin Suburban Rail

The Dublin Suburban Rail () network, (now branded DART/Commuter), is a railway network that serves the city of Dublin, Ireland, most of the Greater Dublin Area and outlying towns. The system is made up of five lines:
Apart from the service to Newry, the lines are owned and operated by Iarnród Éireann. The Luas (light rail) system is not part of this network and is not operated by Iarnród Éireann. As of October 2006 only the Luas Red Line between Connolly and Heuston stations is featured on DART network maps.
Service frequency.
Services run from 05:30 to 00:42 from Monday to Saturday and 08:25 to 00:42 on Sunday. However, frequency varies by line, with the DART service being more frequent (every 15 minutes off peak, every few minutes peak) and services to outer stations being less frequent (maybe one every hour off peak). Less trains run on Sunday than any other day, and special timetables may be made for public holidays. There are no services on Christmas Day.
Rolling stock.
As of 2006, the majority of rolling stock used on the non-DART services are IE 2900 Class diesel multiple units, with IE 2600 Class and IE 2800 Class DMUs also in use for some services. The Class 2900 DMUs are fitted with interior LEDs and automated information systems. CIE 8100 Class electric multiple units form the backbone of the DART services, with IE 8200 Class and IE 8500 Class (and its variations) also in use. Locomotive hauled services are no longer generally used on DART/Commuter services, although these (typically British Railways Mark 1 trains, the "Cravens") were a feature before the delivery of the Class 2800 DMUs in the early 2000s (decade). Currently Commuter services are operated by 2600, 2800, 29000 and 22000 class (note services on Kildare commuter are now operated by 22000 class intercity railcars)
Routes.
Northern Commuter.
Fleet: 29000, 2800 class dmus.
Transport 21 envisages electrification as far as Drogheda by 2015, with the stations between Balbriggan and Malahide incorporated into a new DART service between Balbriggan and Hazelhatch (see below).
South Eastern Commuter.
Fleet 22000 class dmu
The services share track with the mainline service to Rosslare and the DART service as far as Greystones. The line is single track from Bray onwards. This is the least frequent DART/Commuter service, with only a handful of trains daily. Some services will only travel as far as Arklow.
South Western Commuter.
Sometimes called the "Kildare Suburban" or "Kildare Commuter" line. Previously known as the "Arrow" service.
Fleet: 22000 class dmu.
This service is the newest Dublin DART/Commuter line. It was launched in 1994 as the Arrow service, shortly after the delivery of the then Arrow-branded Class 2600 railcars. Cherry Orchard, Clondalkin, Hazelhatch and Celbridge and Sallins and Naas stations were opened on the same day, although stations had previously existed on some of these sites. Newbridge station had previously been an InterCity station, though Commuter trains now mainly serve it. The stations on the line were at the time of launch all "Arrow" branded also, though this branding has now been removed. This line does not connect directly with the rest of the network, being operated out of Dublin Heuston, however it is connected by the Luas and Dublin Bus Route 90.
A station used only occasionally for "special" trains also exists at the Curragh. The station at Cherry Orchard was relocated to Cherry Orchard & Parkwest in July 2008 and Clondalkin was located further west as Clondalkin & Fonthill on the Fonthill Road in October 2008. This work is part of the Kildare Route Project, which includes quadruple-tracking the line between Le Fanu Road (east of the present Cherry Orchard station) to just beyond Hazelhatch. There will also be another new station built between Adamstown and Clondalkin at Kishoge, which will be located adjacent to the Lucan Outer Ring Road.
A special development zone (SDZ) called Adamstown is currently under construction. This borders an area from west Lucan to the Kildare rail line and is approx. 16 km from Dublin. It is expected to have 20,000 inhabitants by the time it is completed. A new station opened on 10 April 2007, built and paid for by the developers.
Transport 21 envisages electrification as far as Hazelhatch by 2015. Under CIÉ's Interconnector project, upon electrification of this line and opening of the Interconnector, the existing Kildare line service, as far as Hazelhatch & Celbridge would be replaced by one of two DART lines, running via the Interconnector from Hazelhatch to Balbriggan/Howth. The service would also be directly connected to the rest of the DART/Commuter network at Dublin Pearse.
Western Commuter.
Fleet: 29000 and 22000 class dmus.
"Docklands branch": Docklands, Broombridge, Ashtown, Navan Road Parkway, Castleknock, Coolmine, Clonsilla, Hansfield, Dunboyne, and M3 Parkway.
This service had been operated as a limited service from November 1981 until 1990, serving Ashtown (opened January 1982), Clonsilla, Leixlip (now Leixlip Louisa Bridge) and Maynooth. In 1990, new stations were opened at Broombridge, Castleknock, Coolmine and Leixlip Confey. Another station at Drumcondra was re-opened in March 1998. Most of the station buildings on this line were a mixture of small block built booking offices and converted steel cabins and there was still a limited service owing to the single track between Clonsilla and Maynooth.
In 2001 a major upgrade project took place, with the upgrading of the line between Clonsilla and Maynooth to double track, the entire line being upgraded to continuous welded rail, the building of permanent station buildings at all stations except Broombridge, the replacement of the semaphore signalling with computerised traffic control, and the provision of real time information displays at stations (these however, apart from at Drumcondra, were not in use until February 2012).
From 12 March 2007, several additional weekday services operate on the Maynooth line. However these only operated from Clonsilla, serving the existing stations to Broombridge, and then terminate at the new Docklands railway station. These did not serve either Drumcondra or the central Dublin stations, or the stations beyond Clonsilla.
On 3 September 2010 the first trains ran from Docklands onto the Dunboyne branch serving Dunboyne and M3 parkway. In June 2013 another station opened on this branch called Hansfield railway station serving Ongar and Clonee areas. It is planned that these services will run eventually to Navan, becoming the proposed Meath Commuter
On 21 January 2008, Phoenix Park railway station opened. This station is located beside the N3 road in Ashtown, and despite its name is not located in the Phoenix Park, but has rather been built to serve the Phoenix Park Racecourse Apartments constructed on grounds of the former racecourse adjacent to the park. To avoid confusion, this station has since been renamed Navan Road Parkway 
Transport 21 envisaged electrification as far as Maynooth. Under CIÉ's Interconnector project, upon electrification of this line and opening of the Interconnector, the existing Maynooth line service would be replaced by one of two DART lines, running from Maynooth to Bray.
Dublin Area Rapid Transit (DART).
See separate Dublin Area Rapid Transit article.

</doc>
<doc id="5989262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989262" title="Kraven the Hunter (Alyosha Kravinoff)">
Kraven the Hunter (Alyosha Kravinoff)

Alyosha Kravinoff, also known as the second Kraven the Hunter, is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe. He is the illegitimate son of Kraven the Hunter. He first appeared in the pages of "Spectacular Spider-Man" #243 (February 1997).
Fictional character biography.
Alyosha Kravinoff is an illegitimate mutant son of the supervillain Kraven the Hunter. Unlike Alyosha's half-brother Vladimir (the Grim Hunter), Alyosha was separated from his family and raised in an African jungle. After Kraven's suicide, Alyosha came to New York City to investigate the father he barely knew. Dressed as Kraven, Alyosha confronted his Uncle Dmitri (AKA Chameleon). Believing his abusive half-brother had returned from the dead, the Chameleon revealed to Alyosha much about the dysfunctional Kravinoff family. Kraven's former lover Calypso Ezili did actually return from the dead and she mistook Alyosha for Kraven. She seduced Alyosha, but afterwards he spurned her affections. Later, riding a bull elephant atop Manhattan's rooftops, Alyosha attacked Spider-Man. He poisoned him with a hallucinogenic dart, but then set him free. While at the Kravinoff estate, Alyosha was learning about his father from Spider-Man when Calypso returned with Kraven's tribesmen. She set the home ablaze and killed all but Gulyadkin the lion. Calypso poisoned Alyosha and Spider-Man and used her hypnotic powers to force the two to fight to the death. Spider-Man resisted and injured Calypso, while Alyosha subdued her with his lion. Despite asking for her forgiveness, Alyosha savagely killed Calypso and all the tribesmen.
He was later hired by the city of New York to help capture the Fantastic Four's enigmatic enormous canid Puppy. Next, he was hired by White Wolf, head of the deposed Wakandan secret police, to capture the Black Panther. The Black Panther turned the battle around, nearly killing Alyosha. The Sandman later invited Alyosha to join Sandman's Sinister Six to hunt Doctor Octopus and Senator Ward (host body for the alien Z'nox). Venom, slighted at his rejection by the Six, hunted each of the team members. Refusing to be "the hunted," Alyosha trapped Venom with fire, but Venom seriously injured him and escaped.
Alyosha then adopted a more relaxed personality as a suave, witty ladies' man. As "Al," he began dating Timber Hughes, an aspiring actress who worked as a waitress at an all-villain bar. Al sought to help Timber's career in Hollywood by becoming a director. Despite celebrity connections, Al's efforts were stonewalled by arrogance, greed, and corruption within the Hollywood elite. Forced out of Hollywood by the powerful Rothstein brothers, Al is beaten while Timber was brutally raped. Both Al and Timber exacted vengeance which involved defeating another half-brother Ned Tannengarden, and left Hollywood to pursue heroics in New York City.
Alyosha is one of few mutants that retained their superhuman powers after the M-Day. He is one of the superpowered beings recruited within the "Beyond!" miniseries.
Alyosha Kraven later eventually becomes fully deranged from experimenting with his father's potions, and in his madness began collecting a zoo of animal-themed superhumans, including Bushmaster II, Gargoyle II, Tiger Shark, Kangaroo II, Aragorn (the version that was owned by the Vatican Black Knight), Vulture, Mongoose, Man-Bull, Dragon Man, Swarm, Mandrill, Grizzly III, Frog-Man, and Rhino. In the end, the Punisher (whom Kraven referred to as "Tiny Monkey") managed to sabotage this zoo. Kraven himself escapes to the Savage Land.
During "The Gauntlet" storyline, Alyosha returned to New York to help his half-sister Ana and stepmother Sasha in the Grim Hunt by hunting Kaine. They then witness Spider-Man's fight with the Lizard. He was present at the ritual where Sasha sacrificed Mattie Franklin as part of a revival ritual that resurrects his half-brother Vladimir as a humanoid lion-like creature. After the Kravinoff Family was defeated, Alyosha alongside the other Kravinoff Family members escaped to the Savage Land. Alyosha soon abandoned his family after Kraven killed Sasha and Vladimir. In an attempt to impress Kraven, Ana pursued Alyosha with the intent of killing him in exchange that he trains her in order to rebuild the Kravinoff Family.
Alyosha later turned up alive where he helped Ana deliver the killing blows to Kaine that lead to his blood resurrecting her father Kraven the Hunter. However, since Kaine himself was resurrected shortly afterwards so that there could be balance between Hunters and Spiders, it remains to be seen what other motives Ana has for Kaine as there are visions of a dark future ahead for the Scarlet Spider.
Powers and abilities.
Alyosha is a mutant who has superhuman strength, speed, agility, dexterity, reflexes/reactions, coordination, balance, endurance, and a healing factor. His five senses are extraordinarily heightened, and when enraged, he may shift into a bestial fury. He inherited these from his father Kraven, who mutated himself through the constant use of mystical potions.
Alyosha revealed to Spider-Man in his limited series that his mother was a natural-born mutant from whom he inherited the ability to communicate with and have control over animals.
Additionally, he is an experienced expert in weaponry such as poisons, guns, darts, axes, spears, whips, and nets, and is an exceptional hand-to-hand combatant. He wore his father's lion vest, with embedded electroshock circuitry. He travels with his pet wolf Nickel and occasionally other exotic animals.
Other versions.
Marvel Zombies.
A zombified Kraven is shown in "Marvel Zombies: Dead Days".
Spider-Man: Reign.
In the dystopian future of "", Kraven leads the Sinner Six.

</doc>
<doc id="5989263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989263" title="Complement component 6">
Complement component 6

Complement component 6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "C6" gene.
Complement component 6 is a protein involved in the complement system. It is part of the membrane attack complex which can insert into the cell membrane and cause cell to lyse.
People with C6 deficiency are prone to bacterial infection.

</doc>
<doc id="5989265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989265" title="15th century in North American history">
15th century in North American history

The 15th century in North American history provides a timeline of events occurring within the North American continent from 1401 CE to 1500 CE in the Gregorian calendar. This time period (from 1000 BCE–present) is known as the Post-archaic period (Post-archaic stage). Although this timeline segment may include some European or other world events that profoundly influenced later American life, it focuses on developments within Native American communities. The archaeological records supplements indigenous recorded and oral history.

</doc>
<doc id="5989268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989268" title="Alexander Shepherd">
Alexander Shepherd

Alexander Shepherd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5989273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989273" title="Ross Bridge">
Ross Bridge

Ross Bridge is an historic bridge in the town of Ross in central Tasmania, Australia, completed in July 1836. It crosses the Macquarie River. 
The sandstone bridge was constructed by convict labour, and is the third oldest bridge still in use in Australia. Commissioned by Lieutenant-Governor Arthur, the bridge was designed by architect John Lee Archer, with the convict work team including two stonemasons, James Colbeck and Daniel Herbert, the latter being credited with the intricate carvings along both sides of the bridge.
The bridge was registered on the Register of the National Estate in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="5989278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989278" title="Sora people">
Sora people

The Sora (alternative names and spellings include Saora, Saura, Savara and Sabara) are a tribe from Southern Odisha, north coastal Andhra Pradesh in India. They are also found in the hills of Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra.
The Souras are the second most prominent tribal community in the Rayagada district of Odisha and specific pockets of Koraput and Gajapati districts. They are also present in Srikakulam, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam districts. They are also sometimes called "Lanjia Souras" due to their dress pattern of wearing a loin cloth hanging from behind and which could be mistakenly identified as a tail by a stranger. They inhabit blocks of Gunupur, Padmapur and Gudari. Their highest concentration is found in the Puttasingi area, approximately 25 km away from Gunupur NAC. Although, they are close to the assimilation process, yet some interior GPs like Rejingtal, Sagada and Puttasingi have Souras who still retain their traditional tribal customs and traditions.
They are known by various names such as "Savara", "Sabara", "Sora", and "Soura". They are concentrated in parts of Gunupur adjoining to the blocks of Gumma, Serango of Gajapati district. The Saoras speak a Munda language. However, written language in Saora is not followed by all. They practice shifting cultivation, with a few gradually taking up settled agriculture. Like Dangaria Kandha they belong to Proto-Australoid racial stock.
They are endogenous and the clan, although absent, is related to "Birinda", which is exogamous. Families are nuclear although joint or extended families are also found. Marriages are made by bride capture, elopement, and by negotiations.
The Sora people are a dwindling jungle tribe with a distinctive shamanic culture. According to an article in Natural History, "a shaman, usually a woman, serves as an intermediary between the two worlds the living and the dead. During a trance, her soul is said to climb down terrifying precipices to the underworld, leaving her body for the dead to use as their vehicle for communication. One by one the spirits speak through her mouth. Mourners crowd around the shaman, arguing vehemently with the dead, laughing at their jokes, or weeping at their accusations.
Occupation.
Instead of clan organization they have their extended families called Birinda, which consists of descendants from a common ancestors of four to five generation. The Saoras' religion is very elaborate and deep rooted. They are polytheist and believe in large number of deities and ancestral spirits. They practice both Podu and terraced cultivation with varieties of cereals. Dance and music constitute part and parcel of their rich aesthetic life.
The Saora family is polygamous. The total household economy revolves around the woman member who is hardworking and who helps her husband in ploughing and harvesting crops in addition to attending household chores exclusively.
Religious beliefs.
The Saoras are highly religious with each and every natural phenomenon attributed to the works of some Gods, deities or spirits. Therefore, the customary law, values, norms are highly respected by all members of the society for the fear of inviting personal or communal harms. 
However, in the last two or more decades many of the traditional Sora beliefs have been superseded by Christianity that was introduced by missionaries. In many areas the shamanic and animist beliefs are distant memories, and in some areas, particularly around Puttasingh the graveyards of the ancestors have been destroyed. There is nowadays a move by nationalist Hindu groups to convert the Sora to Hinduism. This conflict has given rise to great tension in the area.
Social life.
The Saora have a traditional political organization at each village and region, having hereditary post of Gomango (secular head), Buyya (religious head), Mondal, Raito, and Barik (messenger). The Saoras have made history in pre-British and British period and post independence as a community known for their economic and political integrity.
References.
♙ 2. Dr. Chitrasen Pasayat, http://orissa.gov.in/e-magazine/Orissareview/may2006/engpdf/33-36.pdf Lord Jagannath : Symbol of Unity and Integration, 

</doc>
<doc id="5989279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989279" title="Logical machine">
Logical machine

Logical machine is a term used by Allan Marquand (1853-1924) in 1883, perhaps in response to the ideas of Charles Sanders Peirce's "Logical Machines" as appearing for example in "The American Journal of Psychology", 1. Nov. 1887, p. 165-170 (Google Books Eprint page 165).

</doc>
<doc id="5989282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989282" title="Gertrude's Bird">
Gertrude's Bird

Gertrude's Bird (in Norwegian: Gjertrudsfuglen) is a Norwegian fairy tale collected by Peter Christen Asbjørnsen and Jørgen Moe in their "Norske Folkeeventyr". It is also an old name for the Black woodpecker in Norway.
Synopsis.
Jesus and St. Peter came begging one day to a house where a woman named Gertrude lived. She took a tiny piece of dough to make them a bannock, but it covered the whole griddle just the same, and she thought it too large to give to beggars. She tried twice more, each time with less dough, but could not make a bannock small enough. So she refused to give them anything. Jesus turned her into a woodpecker, to seek her food on trees and never drink except when it rains.

</doc>
<doc id="5989283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989283" title="Complement component 7">
Complement component 7

Complement component 7 is a protein involved in the complement system, where its primary task is to bind the C5bC6 complex together. This junction alters the configuration of the protein molecules exposing a hydrophobic site on C7 that allows the C7 to insert into the phospholipid bilayer of the pathogen.

</doc>
<doc id="5989286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989286" title="Francisc Șirato">
Francisc Șirato

Francisc Şirato (August 15, 1877, Craiova - August 4, 1953, Bucharest) was a Romanian painter, graphic artist, art critic, and designer.

</doc>
<doc id="5989293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989293" title="Antonio Tamburini">
Antonio Tamburini

Antonio Tamburini (March 28, 1800 – November 8, 1876) was an Italian operatic baritone.
Born in Faenza, then part of the Papal States, Tamburini studied the orchestral horn with his father and voice with Aldobrando Rossi, before making his debut as a singer, aged 18, in "La contessa di colle erbose" (Pietro Generali). He went on to become one of the finest baritones of his age. He had a beautiful, smooth and flexible voice the quality of which is indicated by the bel canto music written for him. He was renowned also for his good looks and impressive stage presence, often working with the tenor Giovanni Battista Rubini and soprano Giulia Grisi.
Tamburini is famous for his association with the operatic compositions of Bellini such as "I Puritani". Indeed, he was one of the so-called "Puritani Quartet" of leading international singers, along with Grisi, Rubini and the bass Luigi Lablache. The quartet was reunited on stage, albeit with Giovanni Mario replacing Rubini, in 1843 at the premiere of Donizetti's "Don Pasquale".
A particular favourite with London and Paris audiences, Tamburini was married to the contralto Marietta Gioia-Tamburini. They often sang together.
He died at Nice in 1876, aged 76.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5989303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989303" title="14th century in North American history">
14th century in North American history

The 14th century in North American history provides a timeline of events occurring within the North American continent from 1301 CE to 1400 CE in the Gregorian calendar. This time period (from 1000 BCE–present) is known as the Post-archaic period (Post-archaic stage). Although this timeline segment may include some European or other world events that profoundly influenced later American life, it focuses on developments within Native American communities. The archaeological records supplements indigenous recorded and oral history.
Because of the inaccuracies inherent in radiocarbon dating and in interpreting other elements of the archaeological record, most dates in this timeline represent approximations that may vary a century or more from source to source. The assumptions implicit in archaeological dating methods may also yield a general bias in the dating in this timeline.

</doc>
<doc id="5989305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989305" title="Breathless (1983 film)">
Breathless (1983 film)

Breathless is a 1983 American drama film directed by Jim McBride and written by McBride and L. M. Kit Carson, starring Richard Gere and Valérie Kaprisky. It is a remake of the 1960 French film directed by Jean-Luc Godard and written by Jean-Luc Godard and François Truffaut, "À bout de souffle" (known as "Breathless" in English) and was released in France under the title A Bout de Souffle Made in USA. The original film is about an American girl and a French criminal in Paris. The remake is about a French girl and an American criminal in Los Angeles.
Plot.
Jesse Lujack (Richard Gere) is a cocky, nihilistic drifter in Las Vegas, obsessed with Marvel "Silver Surfer" comic books, the rock and roll music of Jerry Lee Lewis and Monica Poiccard (Valérie Kaprisky), a UCLA architecture undergraduate whom he knows only from a weekend fling in Vegas. As the film opens late at night, he steals a Porsche, intending to drive to Los Angeles. As he speeds down the highway and looks through the owner's possessions, he discovers a handgun in the vehicle's glovebox. Seeing his reckless driving, a policeman gives chase and Jesse is forced off the road and becomes stuck. When the policeman orders him to step away from the car, Lujack impulsively grabs the gun and (apparently accidentally) shoots the officer. Fleeing to Los Angeles, Lujack finds his picture splashed all over the newspaper and TV news as the "cop killer."
On the run, under the alias of Jack Burns, he breaks into Monica's apartment and waits for her to return home. She discovers him naked in her bed. She initially declines his advances but later has sex with him in her shower. He then moves in with her. She is captivated by this reckless American and resumes her affair with him. However, she is a star student with big plans and Jesse is jealous of the powerful, successful men in her life.
After Jesse's photograph appears in the newspaper, he is recognized on the street right after dropping Monica off at a groundbreaking ceremony downtown. The police find her and question her on the street. She seems increasingly ambivalent about Jesse, repelled by his instability but drawn to his sense of risk and danger; she does not turn him in. When the police start following her right before Jesse comes back to pick her up, she impulsively accepts his offer to flee to Mexico together.
On the way to Mexico, Monica finds that her picture is on the front page of the national newspaper alongside Jesse's. Realizing the impossibility of her romantic fantasy, she phones the police, but then returns to tell him she did so and plead with him. The police corner them on the street, and he sings Jerry Lee Lewis' "Breathless" to her before grabbing a gun from the ground at his feet as she runs towards him. The film ends in a freeze-frame of Jesse turning to face the police with the gun.
Soundtrack.
There is no official soundtrack released. Along with the incidental music for the movie, provided by Jack Nitzsche, these are the songs that are featured in the film:
Reception.
The film grossed $19,910,002 in the United States.
It received mixed reviews; most critics questioned the wisdom of casting Valerie Kaprisky, a real-life, French UCLA student who had had very limited acting experience.
The film has since gained minor cult status. American director Quentin Tarantino cited it as one of the "coolest" movies, commenting: "Here's a movie that indulges completely all my obsessions - comic books, rockabilly music and movies."
The Silver Surfer poster in Freddy Newandyke's apartment seen in Reservoir Dogs is a homage to Jesse's Silver Surfer-obsession.

</doc>
<doc id="5989309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989309" title="Complement component 9">
Complement component 9

Complement component 9 is a protein involved in the complement system. It is a member of the Complement membrane attack complex (MAC) and induces pores on membranes.

</doc>
<doc id="5989312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989312" title="Robinsons (drink)">
Robinsons (drink)

Robinsons is an English soft drink brand owned by Britvic. Robinsons has a royal warrant from Queen Elizabeth II and was an independent company until 1995 when it was acquired by Britvic. The Robinsons range includes Fruit Shoot, Fruit Squash, No Added Sugar Fruit Squash, Fruit & Barley, Barley Water and Select; the range formerly also included Fruit Spring.For the diamond Jubilee, they added Strawberry and Cream to their list. Robinsons sales for 2009 (across all its ranges) totalled £307 million in 2009. Every summer (May and June), Robinsons runs Wimbledon or tennis-related competitions, linked to the brand's long-running sponsorship of the tournament.
Robinsons Land at Drayton Manor.
Robinsons Land was a themed area at Drayton Manor Theme Park. It was opened in 2001 and it was formerly known as Children's Corner. The themed area had a few rides such as Whirly Copter Wheel, Super Dragon Coaster and Junior Carousel. The park was closed in September 2007 to make way for Thomas Land which opened on 15 March 2008. All of the old rides, except the Veteran Cars (now Sodor's Classic Cars) were removed from the park and sold to Funland at Hayling Island.

</doc>
<doc id="5989317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989317" title="Amir ElSaffar">
Amir ElSaffar

Amir ElSaffar (born 1977 near Chicago, Illinois, United States) was born to an Iraqi father and American mother and is a trumpeter, santur player, and vocalist based in New York City and working within jazz, classical, and Arabic musical styles.
ElSaffar has created new techniques to play microtones and ornaments that are idiomatic to Arab music but are not typically heard on the trumpet. As a composer, ElSaffar has used the microtones found in maqam music to create a unique approach to harmony and melody. 
In 2002 he began studying the "maqam" tradition in Baghdad and London, with Hamid al-Saadi, one of the most renowned "maqam" singers in Iraq and is currently an acknowledged performer of the classical Iraqi "maqam" tradition. He performs actively as a vocalist and "santur" player with his group, "Safaafir", the only ensemble in the US performing Iraqi Maqam in its traditional format.
In 2006, ElSaffar received commissions from the Painted Bride Art Center in Philadelphia and from the Festival of New Trumpet Music (FONT), to compose "Two Rivers", a suite that invokes Iraqi musical traditions and frames them in a modern jazz setting. ElSaffar has since received commissions from the Jerome Foundation, the Jazz Institute of Chicago, and Chamber Music America and has continued developing a singular approach to integrating Middle Eastern tonalities and rhythms into an American jazz context, releasing three albums; "Two Rivers" (2006), "Radif Suite" (2010), and "Inana" (2011) to critical acclaim. He has also composed for theater projects and film soundtracks, and appeared in Jonathan Demme’s Oscar-nominated film, Rachel Getting Married. 
ElSaffar has performed with Cecil Taylor, Simon Shaheen, Randy Brecker, Miya Masaoka, Rudresh Mahanthappa, Vijay Iyer, and Samir Chatterjee.
In addition to his busy performance schedule, ElSaffar curates a weekly concert series at Alwan for the Arts, New York’s premiere center for Middle Eastern arts and culture.

</doc>
<doc id="5989319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989319" title="Molluscum contagiosum virus">
Molluscum contagiosum virus

The Molluscum contagiosum virus (MCV) is a species of virus in the poxvirus family, which causes the disease Molluscum contagiosum in humans. Virions have a complex structure and is consistent with the structure of the poxvirus family: an envelope, surface membrane, core, and lateral bodies. Virus may be contained within inclusion bodies and mature by budding through the membrane of the host cell giving rise to a large amount of viral shedding in a short period of time. Approximate measurements of the virus are 200 nm in diameter, 320 nm in length and 100 nm in height.
Diagnosis is made on the clinical appearance; the virus cannot routinely be cultured.
The diagnosis can be confirmed by excisional biopsy.
There are 4 types of MCV, MCV-1 to -4. MCV-1 is the most prevalent in human infections, and MCV-2 seen usually in adults and often sexually transmitted. Polymerase chain reaction techniques are being developed to help confirm lesions as being caused by MCV, and distinguish between strains.
Genome.
The genome is a non-segmented single molecule of linear, double-stranded DNA of 180000–200000 nucleotides. It is covalently linked at both ends and contain redundant, repeating sequences at both ends. 160 putative genes have been identified.
Animal viruses.
A poxvirus causes a very similar disease in equids (horses and donkeys). DNA studies suggest that this virus and the human virus are very closely related.

</doc>
<doc id="5989332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989332" title="Eddie Sharkey">
Eddie Sharkey

Eddie Sharkey is an American professional wrestling trainer. He is often called "The Trainer of Champions", and has been instrumental in training some of the biggest names in the industry, including the Road Warriors (Hawk and Animal), "Ravishing" Rick Rude, Tom Zenk, Bob Backlund, Jerry Lynn, Sean Waltman, Nord the Barbarian, Barry "Demolition Smash" Darsow, Rick Steiner, Scott Steiner, Madusa, Jesse "The Body" Ventura, and Austin Aries.
Early life.
Growing up in south Minneapolis, Eddie Sharkey was a huge wrestling fan. His father, Tom Shyman, was a first-generation immigrant from Poland who worked in the liquor-display business. Eddie Shyman didn't become "Eddie Sharkey" until he began his professional wrestling career.
Eddie took up boxing in his teens.
In the late 1950s, he joined the carnival circuit as a wrestler. Sharkey was trained by Boris Malenko, Bob Geigel, and Joe Scarpello.
Career.
AWA years.
Eddie made his American Wrestling Association debut in Fargo, North Dakota in 1961 where he was a fairly successful babyface. He had memorable feuds with Danny Hodge, Bob Boyer, and Jack Donovan. Sharkey left the AWA over a disagreement with promoter Verne Gagne.
Pro Wrestling America.
While working at Gramma B's, Eddie recognized the future that four of the bouncers (Hawk, Animal, Rick Rude, and Barry Darsow) could have in wrestling. Sharkey opened his own professional wrestling promotion, Pro Wrestling America, in 1982 and trained the men himself.
After several years of training and showcasing some of the best wrestlers of the 1980s, including epic feuds between Jerry Lynn & The Lightning Kid (Sean Waltman), and The Hater & The Punisher, Sharkey's involvement in the independent scene waned.
He went on to form Midwest Pro Wrestling, as well as joining up with another trainer by the name of Terry Fox to open yet another wrestling school.
In June 2006, Sharkey was presented with the Art Abrams Lifetime Achievement Award at the Cauliflower Alley Club Convention.
Personal life.
Eddie Sharkey married Maryland professional wrestler Princess Little Cloud (Dixie Jordan). When Dixie gave birth to their children, Eddie left the wrestling profession for eight years to spend more time at home. He took a job as a bartender at Grandma B's in the Twin Cities.
Eddie was divorced from Princess Little Cloud (Dixie Jordan). He later married Mary Beth Rivera from Cebu, Philippines, on April 20, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5989337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989337" title="List of Billboard number-one singles of 1947">
List of Billboard number-one singles of 1947

This is a list of number-one songs in the United States during the year 1947 according to "Billboard magazine". Prior to the creation of the Hot 100, "Billboard" published multiple singles charts each week. In 1947, the following three charts were produced:
Shown is a list of songs that topped the Best Sellers in Stores chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5989339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989339" title="Complement component 2">
Complement component 2

Complement C2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "C2" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is part of the classical pathway of complement system.

</doc>
<doc id="5989344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989344" title="Francis Buchanan White">
Francis Buchanan White

Francis Buchanan White (20 March 1842, Perth - 3 December 1894, Perth) was a Scottish entomologist and botanist.
He studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh. After doing a Grand Tour in 1866, he settled in Perth where he would remain his entire life. His main area of interest was the Lepidoptera and the taxonomy of the Hemiptera. He was the author of numerous scientific papers, published in the "Scottish Naturalist", "Journal of Botany", and "The Proceedings and Transactions of the Perthshire Society of Natural Science". White was a Fellow of the Royal Entomological Society and the Linnean Society.
In 1883,Buchanan White redescribed the known species of the Hemiptera genus "Halobates" and he illustrated 11 species in colour, with numerous drawings in black and white of structural details.This was one of the parts of the Challenger Report.

</doc>
<doc id="5989348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989348" title="Howell Davis">
Howell Davis

Captain Howell Davis (or Hywel) (or Davies) (ca. 1690 – 19 June 1719) was a Welsh pirate. His piratical career lasted just 11 months, from 11 July 1718 to 19 June 1719, when he was ambushed and killed. His ships were the "Cadogan", "Buck", "Saint James", and "Rover". Davis captured 15 known English and French ships.
A Short Career.
Born in Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire, Wales, Davis started out in piracy on 11 July 1718 when the slave ship "Cadogan", on which he was serving as a mate, was captured by the pirate Edward England. Deciding to join the pirates, Davis was given command of the "Cadogan" and set out for Brazil on 18 July 1718. However, his crew mutinied and sailed to Barbados instead. Here Davis was imprisoned on the charge of piracy, but was eventually released and sought shelter in the pirate den of New Providence in the Bahamas. With New Providence being cleaned out by Governor Woodes Rogers, Davis left on the sloop "Buck" and conspired with six other crew members, who included Thomas Anstis and Walter Kennedy, to take over the vessel off Martinique. Davis was elected captain and conducted raids from his base at Coxon's Hole.
Subsequently, he crossed the Atlantic to terrorize shipping in the Cape Verde Islands. One of the prizes he took there became the new flagship of Davis' pirate fleet, the 26-gun "Saint James". He then formed a partnership with a French pirate Olivier Levasseur, known as "La Buse", and another pirate captain, Thomas Cocklyn, which lasted until they fell out in a drunken argument. Transferring to the 32-gun "Rover", Davis sailed south and captured more rich prizes off the Gold Coast. One of his prisoners was fellow Welshman Bartholomew Roberts, who was destined to become even more famous as a pirate.
Trickery and Deception.
A clever and charming man as he was, Davis pretended to be a legitimate privateer to deceive the commander of a Royal African Company slaving fort in Gambia. After capturing the commander at a welcoming dinner, Davis held him for ransom and gained 2,000 pounds in gold.
He once seized a more powerful French vessel by flying a black pirate flag from another large but lightly armed ship he had recently taken. The French ship quickly surrendered, thinking she was outgunned.
However, when he tried his pretence of being a Royal Navy pirate hunter in order to kidnap the governor of the Portuguese island of Príncipe, the governor saw through it. Davis was invited to call at the fort for a glass of wine. On the way there, the pirates were ambushed and Davis shot dead on 19 June 1719. Bartholomew Roberts was elected to succeed him and raided the island in retaliation later that night.
Character.
Captain William Snelgrave, the master of the "Bird", a vessel captured by the pirates in 1719, later wrote an account of his experience. His ship was taken by Thomas Cocklyn's men, who abused him. However, when informed of this, Davis protected Snelgrave and obviously made a favourable impression on him. Snelgrave concluded that Davis was a man "who (allowing for the Course of Life he had been unhappily engaged in) was a most generous humane Person".
In popular culture.
The legend of Howell Davis has inspired recent works of fiction such as The Noble Pirates by R.L. Jean.

</doc>
<doc id="5989362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989362" title="Munson">
Munson

Munson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5989366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989366" title="Complement component 5">
Complement component 5

Complement component 5 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "C5" gene.
Complement component 5 is involved in the complement system. It is cleaved into C5a and C5b:
Deficiency is thought to cause Leiner's disease.
Function.
Complement component 5 is the fifth component of complement, which plays an important role in inflammatory and cell killing processes. This protein is composed of alpha and beta polypeptide chains that are linked by a disulfide bridge. An activation peptide, C5a, which is an anaphylatoxin that possesses potent spasmogenic and chemotactic activity, is derived from the alpha polypeptide via cleavage with a convertase. The C5b macromolecular cleavage product can form a complex with the C6 complement component, and this complex is the basis for formation of the membrane attack complex, which includes additional complement components.
Clinical significance.
Mutations in this gene cause complement component 5 deficiency, a disease where patients show a propensity for severe recurrent infections. Defects in this gene have also been linked to a susceptibility to liver fibrosis and to rheumatoid arthritis.
Therapeutic applications.
The drug eculizumab prevents cleavage of C5 into C5a and C5b.

</doc>
<doc id="5989370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989370" title="National Archaeological Museum of Spain">
National Archaeological Museum of Spain

The National Archaeological Museum of Spain () is a museum in Madrid, Spain, which is now open after its renovations. It is located beside the Plaza de Colón ("Columbus Square"), sharing its building with the National Library.
The museum was founded in 1867 by a Royal Decree of Isabella II, and its purpose was to be a depository for numismatic, archaeological, ethnographical and decorative art collections compiled by the Spanish monarchs.
In 1895 all the collections were moved to the current venue, a neoclassical building projected by architect Francisco Jareño and built from 1866 to 1892. In 1968 renovation and extension works considerably increased its area. 
In 2008 the museum closed for renovation. The projected completion date was 2013, but the museum remained closed until April 2014. The remodelled museum concentrates on a core role and releases items from the decorative arts collection.
The collection includes, among others, Pre-historic, Egyptian, Celtic, Iberian, Greek and Roman antiquities and medieval (Visigothic, Muslim and Christian) objects.

</doc>
<doc id="5989389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989389" title="Complement component 1R">
Complement component 1R

Complement component 1R (, "activated complement C1r", "C overbar 1r esterase", "activated complement C1r") is a protein involved in the complement system. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction

</doc>
<doc id="5989401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989401" title="Charles Logan (author)">
Charles Logan (author)

Charles Logan (born 1930) is a British science fiction writer and professional nurse.
He is best known as the author of the book "Shipwreck," first published by Gollancz in 1975, which was the winner of the prize for the best British sci-fi novel that year. The novel tells the story of Tansis, sole survivor after his spaceship shipwreck, who landed on a planet around Capella, the main star of the Virgo constellation. Tansis fights alone against the hostile environment, struggling to survive.
Logan wrote only "Shipwreck" and a couple of short stories that have never been published.

</doc>
<doc id="5989403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989403" title="Elyzabeth Pham">
Elyzabeth Pham

Elyzabeth Pham is a Vietnamese-American beauty queen from Madison, Wisconsin who competed in the Miss USA Pageant.
In late 1998, Pham was crowned Miss Wisconsin USA 1999, the first titleholder of Asian descent. She competed in the nationally televised Miss USA Pageant, where she became the first delegate from Wisconsin to win the Miss Photogenic Award. The pageant was won by Kimberly Pressler, Miss New York USA.
Pham obtained a Bachelor of Arts in English literature from the University of California, San Diego. She speaks four languages and signs.

</doc>
<doc id="5989405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989405" title="Murrine">
Murrine

Murrina (common pluralization murrine) is an Italian term for colored patterns or images made in a glass cane (long rods of glass) that are revealed when cut in cross-sections. Murrine can be made in infinite designs—some styles are more familiar, such as millefiori. Artists working in glass design murrine in a variety of ways from simple circular or square patterns to complex detailed designs to even portraits of people. Murrine are designed by layering different colors of molten glass around a core, then heating and stretching it into a rod. When cool, the rod is sliced into cross-sections of desired thickness with each slice possessing the same pattern in cross-section.
The murrina process first appeared in the Mideast more than 4,000 years ago and was revived by Venetian glassmakers on Murano in the early 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5989416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989416" title="Complement component 1s">
Complement component 1s

Complement component 1S (, "C1 esterase", "activated complement C1s", "complement C overbar 1r ") is a protein involved in the complement system.
C1s cleaves C4, which eventually leads to the production of the C4b-C2a form of C3-convertase.

</doc>
<doc id="5989421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5989421" title="Matthias Steinl">
Matthias Steinl

Matthias Steinl (otherwise Steindel, Staindle, Steindl or Stinle) (c. 1644–18 April 1727) was an Austrian painter, architect and designer, and one of the country's best known Baroque sculptors. Together with Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach (1656–1723) and his rival Johann Lukas von Hildebrandt (1668–1765), Steinl may be considered one of the most influential architects to introduce the High Baroque style to Austria.
He probably originated from the area round Salzburg and probably trained as a craftsman and artist in Austria, although he may have learned to sculpt in the Netherlands and in Prague.
The Victoria and Albert Museum in London has one of his earliest identified sculptures, an ivory statuette of a triton (c.1670-1675).
He was definitely employed in the 1670s as a sculptor in Leubus Abbey (now Lubiąż) in the Lower Silesian Voivodship, where he took over the workshop of the deceased sculptor Matthias Knote, whose widow he married in 1677. Most of his works here (the main altar, side altars, the pulpit and the choir stalls) were destroyed after World War II.
Steinl directed this workshop till 1682, when he moved to Breslau, where the prince-bishop recommended him to the court in Vienna. During his stay in Breslau he provided the sculptures on the high altar of Heinrichau Abbey (now Henryków). He also started as a designer sketching cartouches, garlands and tendrils. 
In 1688 in Vienna he became the ivory engraver for the emperor. From this period dates the exceptional carving "Allegory of the elements water and air", made out of a walrus tusk (c. 1688-1690); and the ivory equestrian statues of Leopold I (1690–1693) and Joseph I (dated 1693)
From the 1690s Steinl also directed an important sculpture workshop in Vienna that produced many religious objects, among them the following:
Around 1688, Steinl became more interested in architecture. The Swedish National Museum of Fine Arts in Stockholm has a design by him of a belvedere for Schönbrunn Palace in Vienna. He also worked on a design for Starhemberg Palace (1702), also near Vienna.
He was one of the first to use the Late Baroque style, in the manner of Francesco Borromini, in Austria, as architect of the church of Laxenburg, close to Vienna, although the level of his contribution here has been disputed. This church was the first building north of the Alps to contain swung façade elements characteristic of the High Baroque. It was built between 1693 and 1703 by Carlo Antonio Carlone and continued between 1703 and 1724 by Steinl. The rich Baroque façade of the Carmelite church in Sankt Pölten, Austria, was built by the famous Baroque architect Jakob Prandtauer (c. 1708), but Steinl seems to have been involved in the design. His tower façade of the Dorotheakirche (1702–1704) in Vienna no longer exists.
His architectonic designs were mostly realised by Josef Munggenast (1680–1741), nephew of Jakob Prandtauer. 
Around this period Steinl seems largely to have ceased his direct participation in his sculpture workshop, but he still produced the occasional piece, as attested by the statues for the crypt altar of the Capuchin church in Vienna (c. 1715). He also continued to work as imperial ivory engraver until at least 1712, producing two further major works : the equestrian statuette of Emperor Charles VI (now in the Schatzkammer (Vienna) and the portrait relief of the Bishop of Breslau Franz Ludwig von Pfalz-Neuburg (now at the Bavarian National Museum, Munich).
After being appointed imperial engineer for buildings and gardens ("Kaiserlicher Bau-und-Hof-Ingenieur") he applied himself to the design of interior decorations for monasteries and churches, including the following:
Among Steinl's later creations as architect were the tower of the Augustine church at Dürnstein (1721–1725) and the tower of the monastery church of Zwettl Abbey (1722–1728). These were constructed in somewhat altered form by Josef Muggenast, after Steinl's death in 1727.
Steinl also created many altars, pulpits and portals in churches in Vienna and other places in Austria, such as Lambach and Gutenstein.

</doc>
