<doc id="5883744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883744" title="Heritage Railway Association">
Heritage Railway Association

Heritage Railway Association (HRA) is an umbrella organisation representing the majority of the heritage and tourist railways, railway museums, steam centres and railway preservation groups in the UK and Ireland.
Groups and individuals involved with the preservation of stations and other railway buildings, and private individuals are also welcomed to join as Friends of the Association.
The HRA organises several annual awards and competitions to further railway preservation in the UK, and also maintains various databases, such as that of preserved locomotives — currently numbering over 2500 items — and others holding the details of every known heritage carriage and wagon.
The trophies awarded for three awards are lent to the HRA by the National Railway Museum (NRM), based at York. The trophy for the Annual Award is a coat of arms from the locomotive of a royal train on the London, Brighton & South Coast Railway. The Small Groups Award is a carved panel from a coach provided for Queen Victoria by the Great Western. The John Coiley Award, for locomotive preservation, is a Hackworth-designed locomotive spring safety-valve, as used on the original Stockton and Darlington Railway in the 1830s.
Although the HRA is not a registered charity, many of its 250 member organisations are.
Mission statement.
The aims and objectives of the HRA are set out in eight items:
Member services.
The HRA provides a number of services to its members, including FEDECRAIL (European Federation of Museum & Tourist Railways) Representation, Overseas and Tourist Board Liaison, information on suppliers, and a regular newsletter.
The HRA also offers advice and guidance on a wide range of topics, such as Catering, Education, Engineering,
Funding, Legal matters, Operating Railways and Safety.

</doc>
<doc id="5883747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883747" title="Saskatchewan Western Development Museum">
Saskatchewan Western Development Museum

The Saskatchewan Western Development Museum is a network of four museums in Saskatchewan, Canada preserving and recording the social and economic development of the province. The museum has branches in Moose Jaw, North Battleford, Saskatoon and Yorkton. Respectively, each branch focuses on a different theme: transportation, agriculture, economy, and people. The Museum is affiliated with the Canadian Museums Association, the Canadian Heritage Information Network, and Virtual Museum of Canada.
History.
Originally started as a grass-roots movement, the museum was founded with the passage of the Western Development Museum Act in 1949. The first home for the museum in 1949 was a refurbished hangar in North Battleford. Later the same year a similar structure in Saskatoon was converted into a second location for the museum. A third hangar was procured in Yorkton in 1951 and was likewise converted. In 1976, the first purpose built building was constructed in Moose Jaw. All branches of the museum have since moved into purpose-built facilities.
Moose Jaw - History of Transportation.
The Moose Jaw location of the museum is dedicated to all facets of transportation.
This branch offers a specific focus on aviation, which is appropriate given its proximity to CFB Moose Jaw. The aviation exhibits include a dedicated Snowbirds aerobatic team display. The aircraft collection includes such exhibits as an American Aerolights Eagle ultralight, an Avro Anson bomber trainer, Canadair CT-114 Tutor in Snowbirds markings, Canadair T-33A Silver Star, Fairchild M63A3 Cornell, and a Canadair T-33 ejection seat.
The museum also has the Western Development Museum Short Line, a narrow gauge railway outdoors on the property that utilizes the only operating steam locomotive in Saskatchewan.
North Battleford - Heritage Farm & Village.
The North Battleford branch of the museum has displays relating to both farm and village aspects of pioneer life. The large barn is home to a number of farm animals. The museum demonstrates how farmers worked the land in the 1920s. The location has a pioneer village, which includes a grain elevator, a co-operative store, several churches, businesses, and homes.
Saskatoon - 1910 Boomtown.
The Saskatoon branch of the WDM was originally located on 11th Street on the city's west side, where it hosted an annual festival called "Pion-Era". The Saskatoon WDM relocated to its current site on the Prairieland Park grounds in the early 1970s. For many years the Saskatoon branch was associated with the Saskatoon Exhibition and was instrumental in the fair being renamed "Pioneer Days", which incorporated Pion-Era. By the 1980s, the WDM and the Exhibition began to distance themselves from each other and by the 1990s the WDM was no longer a part of the exhibition, which in turn all but eliminated any remaining Pion-Era elements; Pioneer Days became "The Ex" and, later, simply "Saskatoon Exhibition".
The Saskatoon WDM is noted for its indoor recreation of a 1910-era "boomtown". Actual buildings from the era, combined with recreations, are kept in a climate-controlled environment and filled with artifacts of the time. Buildings on site include a homestead, a police station, a bank, a newspaper office (with working printing press), a saddle shop, a general store, and a dentist's office, to name a few. The museum also includes displays of vintage automobiles and farm equipment. The Saskatoon branch also has convention facilities and is home to the Saskatchewan Agricultural Hall of Fame. In 2005, the Saskatoon WDM underwent major renovations to its exhibit halls in celebration of Saskatchewan's centennial.
Yorkton - Story of People.
The Yorkton branch of the museum is focused on the immigrant experience. The Yorkton branch includes scenes illustrating the cultural roots of many of the groups who settled in western Canada, such as Ukrainians, English, Swedes, Germans, Doukhobors and Icelanders, among others.
Major Artifacts.
Partial List
See also.
Saskatchewan Railway Museum

</doc>
<doc id="5883751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883751" title="Robi">
Robi

Robi Axiata Limited, DBA Robi (), formerly known as AKTel, is a joint venture between Axiata Group Berhad, Malaysia (92%) and NTT DoCoMo Inc, Japan (8%).
Robi is the third largest mobile phone operator in Bangladesh with more than 20 million subscribers as of August 2012.
Robi boasts of the widest international roaming service in the market, connecting over 500 operators across 207 countries. It is the first operator in the country to introduce GPRS. Robi uses GSM 900/1800 MHz standard and operates on allocated 12.8 MHz frequency spectrum.
History.
Robi Axiata Limited is a joint venture company between Axiata Group Berhad, Malaysia and NTT DOCOMO INC, Japan. It was formerly known as Telekom Malaysia International (Bangladesh) which commenced operations in Bangladesh in 1997 with the brand name AKTEL. On 28 March 2010, the service name was rebranded as ‘Robi’ which means Sun in Bengali.
Numbering scheme.
Robi uses the following numbering scheme for its subscribers:
+88018 N1N2N3N4N5N6N7N8
Where, 880 is the International subscriber dialing code for Bangladesh.
18 is the access code for Robi as assigned by the Government of Bangladesh. Omitting +88 will require to use 0 in place of it instead to represent local call, hence 018 is the general access code.
N1N2N3N4N5N6N7N8 is the subscriber number.
Products offered.
Robi offers an array of different packages. In addition to offering the fundamental pre-paid and post-paid mobile services, it offers a wide range of value-added products and services such as, SMS, GPRS, EDGE, international roaming, Mobile Banking, SMS banking, Caller Ring Back Tone, MMS, Voice Greetings, Welcome Tunes, Call Blocking on 4 August 2008, which give subscriber to control which call he or she receive or not and Bengali SMS. Robi has got the widest international roaming coverage among all the operators in Bangladesh.
Customer care.
Robi has 21 Customer Care Centers and 430 'Robi Care Points'.

</doc>
<doc id="5883753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883753" title="Cryobot">
Cryobot

A cryobot or Philberth-probe is a robot that can penetrate water ice. A cryobot uses heat to melt the ice, and gravity to sink downward. The difference between the cryobot and a drill is that the cryobot uses less power than a drill and doesn't pollute the environment.
Features and technology.
The cryobot is a surface-controlled instrumented vehicle that can penetrate polar ice sheets down to by melting. It can be used to measure temperature, stress, ice movement, and seismic, acoustic and dielectric properties. It can also be used for other investigations with remote instrumentation. The probe consists of a hot point for melt penetration, instrumentation for control and measurement functions, two supply conductor coils to link the probe with the surface for transmission of power and measurement signals, and a reservoir section. The probe is filled with a dielectric fluid.
History.
The cryobot was invented by German physicist Karl Philberth, who first demonstrated it in the 1960s as part of the International Glaciological Greenland Expedition (EGIG), achieving drilling depths in excess of . In 1973 British scientists in Antarctica performed airborne ice-penetrating radar survey and detected a possible lake. In 1991, the European remote sensing satellite ERS-1 confirmed the 1973 discovery of a large lake below four kilometers of ice, now named Lake Vostok. The lake, which is the fifth largest freshwater lake in the world, is thought to be uncontaminated. NASA was planning to use a cryobot to explore the lake, but ultimately Russian scientists ended up using a drill to reach it, which they did on February 5, 2012. The lake’s water, which may have been untouched for 15 to 25 million years, is now undergoing analysis to test for the presence of bacteria.
In 2011, NASA awarded Stone Aerospace $4 million to fund the second phase of project VALKYRIE. This project aims to create an autonomous cryobot capable of melting through vast amounts of ice. Phase 2 of project VALKYRIE will consist of testing a scaled-down version of the cryobot in Matanuska Glacier, Alaska in June 2013 and later Greenland in 2014. The probe will reach a depth of 10 to 50 meters in the first two tests in Alaska and then 200 meters in Greenland. Following the success of these three missions, phase 3 of the project is then planned begin in Antarctica. This phase will use a full-scale version of the cryobot which will melt its way to a subglacial lake, collect samples, and then resurface. This phase of the project will be viewed as a precursor to possible future missions to the icy moons of Europa, a moon of Jupiter, and Enceladus, a moon of Saturn, to explore the liquid water oceans thought to be present below their ice, which may harbor extraterrestrial life.

</doc>
<doc id="5883755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883755" title="Lost Junction">
Lost Junction

Lost Junction is a 2003 thriller film directed by Peter Masterson and written by Jeff Cole.
Plot.
A hitchhiking drifter (Billy Burke) has his life irrevocably changed when he meets a seductive young woman (Neve Campbell) who lures him into disposing of the body of her husband.
DVD.
The region 1 DVD was released November 9, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5883756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883756" title="Common menus in Microsoft Windows">
Common menus in Microsoft Windows

This is a list of commonly used Microsoft Windows menus.
Microsoft menus.
Most Recently Used menu.
Most Recently Used (MRU) is a term used in computing to refer to the list of programs or documents that were last accessed. It is a feature of convenience allowing users to quickly see and access the last few used files and documents, but could also be considered bad in terms of privacy.
Properties menu.
In Microsoft Windows, a properties page is a panel of information in the file properties dialogue (accessed from the File menu, context menu, or by typing alt-Enter, or alt-double-clicking.) It can be a built-in feature of Windows Explorer (for example, the file sharing page), or created by a shell extension (for example MP3ext or WinRAR))
System menu.
The system menu (also called the window menu or control menu) is a popup menu in Microsoft Windows, accessible by left-clicking on the upper-left icon of most windows, or by pressing the Alt and Space keys. This menu provides the user with the ability to perform some common tasks on the window, some in atypical ways. For example, normally a user would move a window by dragging the title bar of the window - but with the option in the system menu the user gets a different cursor and procedure to move the window with.
Some applications customize the system menu, typically through the GetSystemMenu WinAPI function. Cmd.exe is an example of this and offers the user an ability to change its preferences through its system menu (other applications typically offer the user to change their preferences through the normal menu below their window's title bar).

</doc>
<doc id="5883758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883758" title="António de Sampaio da Nóvoa">
António de Sampaio da Nóvoa

António Manuel Seixas de Sampaio da Nóvoa (Grand Cross of the Portuguese Order of Public Instruction November 22, 2005) is a Doctor and full professor at the Faculty of Psychology and Education Sciences of the University of Lisbon and, since May 23, 2006, the rector of the university.

</doc>
<doc id="5883782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883782" title="Beriev MBR-2">
Beriev MBR-2

The Beriev MBR-2 was a reconnaissance flying boat which entered service with the Soviet Navy in 1935.
Design.
The MBR-2 was designed by Georgy Mikhailovich Beriev and first flew in 1931, powered by an imported 373 kW (500 hp) BMW VI.Z engine. Production models, which arrived in 1934, used a licence-built version of this engine, the Mikulin M-17 of 508 kW (680 hp), and could be fitted with a fixed wheel or ski undercarriage.
Beriev also designed a commercial airliner derivation, the MP-1, which entered airline service in 1934, and a freighter version, which followed in 1936.
In 1935, an improved version was developed, the MBR-2bis, powered by the Mikulin AM-34N engine, and fitted with an enclosed cockpit, dorsal gun-turret and enlarged vertical tail. In this configuration, the machine remained in production until 1941. As with the MBR-2, the bis spawned a commercial derivative and the MP-1bis entered service in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="5883785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883785" title="Premio Presidente della Repubblica">
Premio Presidente della Repubblica

The Premio Presidente della Repubblica is a Group 1 flat horse race in Italy open to thoroughbreds aged four years or older. It is run over a distance 2,000 metres (about 1¼ miles) at Capannelle in May.
History.
The event was established in 1879, and it was originally called the Premio Omnium. It was initially open to horses aged three or older and contested over 3,500 metres. The first running was won by Macedonie. It was cut to 2,400 metres in 1882.
The race continued as the Premio Omnium until 1955. It was renamed the Premio Presidente della Repubblica in 1956. This was to commemorate the tenth anniversary of Italy becoming a republic.
The Premio Presidente della Repubblica was run over 2,200 metres in 1966. It was extended to 2,300 metres in 1967. Its present distance, 2,000 metres, was introduced in 1968.
The race was closed to three-year-olds in 1988.
Records.
Most successful horse (3 wins):
Leading jockey (5 wins):
Leading trainer since 1985 (3 wins):
Leading owner (12 wins):
Earlier winners.
1 The 1883 and 1896 races were dead-heats and have joint winners.<br>2 The 1944 running took place at Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="5883793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883793" title="Salso">
Salso

The River Salso (Sicilian: Salsu), also known as the Imera Meridionale (Greek: ; Latin Himera), is a river of Sicily. It rises in the Madonie Mountains (Latin: Nebrodes Mons; Sicilian: Munti Madunìi) and, traversing the provinces of Enna and Caltanissetta, flows into the Mediterranean at the western end of the Gulf of Gela at the seaport of Licata, in the Province of Agrigento. Its small deltaic system there is dominated by marine processes rather than fluvial ones. It is a seasonal torrent, with brief but violent floods during the winter rains (from November to February), and all but dry in summer droughts. In November 1915 the iron bridge across the river's mouth collapsed during floods, and 119 people were swept away in the flood and lost. The Salso, which is the longest river of Sicily (144 km, 89 miles), has a drainage basin area of about 2122 km² (819 mi²).
The river's historically changeable, the second debouching 5 km to the west. The mouth of the Salso has been advancing during historical times, and wind and wave formerly distributed its sand and silt to the beaches of the Gulf of Gela.
Historical significance.
Himera was the ancient name of two rivers in Sicily, the Grande flowing to the north into the Tyrrhenian Sea, and the Salso to the south coast of the island, but which, by a strange confusion, were regarded by many ancient writers as one and the same river, which is in consequence described as rising in the center of the island, and flowing in two different directions, so as completely to divide Sicily into two parts. It is singular that, if we may believe Vibius Sequester, this absurd notion is as old as the time of Stesichorus, who was himself a native of the city of Himera. Mela is, however, the only one of the ancient geographers who adopts it.
The Salso enters the sea at Licata (the ancient Phintias). In the upper part of its course it is composed of two branches, running nearly parallel with one another; the one now called the Fiume Grande rising near Gangi, the other, called the Fiume di Petralia, from the town of the same name: it is only after the junction of the two that it obtains the name of Salso. It is impossible to say which of the two branches was regarded by the ancients as the true Himera; but in either case that river has a course of above 90 km from north to south, and its sources are not above 24 km from the north coast of the island. Hence the expression of Polybius and Livy, that the Himera nearly divides the whole of Sicily into two parts, is by no means inaccurate. But it is evidently this circumstance, coupled with the fact that there was another river of the same name flowing into the Tyrrhenian Sea, which gave rise to the fable above noticed. Strabo, who does not notice the southern Himera, applies (evidently by mistake) very nearly the same words as Polybius to the northern river of the name. (Strab. vi. p. 266.) Diodorus notices the brackish quality of the waters of the Himera, which gives rise to its modern name of Fiume Salso: this is caused by the junction of a small stream near Caltanisetta, that flows from the salt mines in that vicinity. Solinus erroneously ascribes this quality to the northern Himera; while Vitruvius rightly attributes it to the southern river only.
Historically, the southern Himera is remarkable for the great battle fought on its banks between Agathocles and the Carthaginians, in which the latter obtained a complete victory, 311 BCE. The scene of this action was a short distance from the mouth of the river, the Carthaginians occupying the hill of Ecnomus, while Agathocles was encamped on the left bank. At a much earlier period, 446 BCE, it witnessed a defeat of the Agrigentines by the Syracusans; and, again, in the Second Punic War, 212 BCE, became the scene of an action between Marcellus and the Carthaginian forces under Hanno and Epicydes of Syracuse, in which the latter were defeated and driven to take shelter within the walls of Agrigentum (modern Agrigento). By the treaty concluded with Carthage by Hieronymus of Syracuse, it was agreed to divide the whole of Sicily between the two powers, so that the river Himera (Salso) should be the boundary of their respective dominions. But this arrangement was never actually carried into effect. Ptolemy correctly places the mouth of the southern Himera to the east of the emporium of Agrigentum; he is the only one of the geographers who mentions both rivers of the name. An inscription containing a dedication "ΑΣΚΑΗΠΙΩ KAI IMEPA ΠΟΤΑΜΩ", must, from its being found at Caltanisetta, refer to the southern Himera (i.e., the Salso).
The Salso was of importance in antiquity because, according to Diodorus Siculus after a series of conflicts between the Siculi and the Sicani, the River Salso was declared the boundary between their respective territories, the Siculi dwelling to its east, the Sicani to its west.
The name Salso is also given to a tributary of the Simeto, the most important river of Sicily.

</doc>
<doc id="5883800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883800" title="Jebel Uweinat">
Jebel Uweinat

Jebel Uweinat (1,934 m; "" "mountain of sourcelets"; also spelled "Jabal", "Djebel Al Awaynat", "Auenat", "Ouenat", "Ouinat", "Owainat", "Oweinat", "Uwaynat", "Uweinat", "Uwenat", "Uweynat" etc.) is a mountain range in the area of the Egyptian-Libyan-Sudanese border. The mountain lies about 40 km S-SE of Jabal Arkanu. The main spring called Ain Dua lies at the foot of the mountain, on the Libyan side. The W foot (located at according to Hassanein) is 618 m high, and overcast with giant boulders fallen because of erosion. In general, the W slope constitutes an oasis, with wells, bushes and grass. The area is notable for its prehistoric petroglyphs first reported by the Egyptian explorer Ahmed Pasha Hassanein—the discoverer of Uweinat, who in 1923 traversed the first 40 km of the mountain towards E, without reaching the end. Engraved in Sandstone, petroglyphs of Bushmen style are visible, representing lions, giraffes, ostrichs, gazelles, cows and little human figures.
The western part of the massive consists of intrusive granite, arranged in a ring shape of some 25 km diameter, ending in three valleys (wadis) towards the west, named Karkur Hamid, Karkur Idriss and Karkur Ibrahim. Its eastern part consists of sandstone, ending in Karkur Talh. In Karkur Murr there is a permanent oasis ("Guelta"), Ain al-Brins (Bir Murr). In the sandstone part four plateaus emerge from the level of the surrounding desert: the Hassanein plateau, connected to an unnamed plateau through a narrow neck, the Italia plateau and another unnamed plateau. The highest point of Uweinat is on top of the Italia plateau. There are two cairns on the top, the first was erected by R.A.Bagnold and the second by captain Marchesi, both in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="5883813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883813" title="Ron Murphy">
Ron Murphy

Robert Ronald Murphy (April 10, 1933 – March 6, 2014) was a professional ice hockey player who played for the New York Rangers, Chicago Black Hawks, Detroit Red Wings and Boston Bruins over the course of an 889-game NHL career.
He played the better part of 18 years between 1952 and 1970, most notably being on a line with Phil Esposito and Ken Hodge which broke the league record for scoring by a forward line in the 1968–69 NHL season with 263 points (subsequently broken two years later by Esposito, Hodge and Wayne Cashman). That season represented a comeback year for Murphy, who had missed most of the preceding two seasons following multiple operations on a chronically bad shoulder, and he initially retired after that season. His health improving over the summer, he rejoined the Bruins for the beginning of the 1970 season, but recurrences of his chronic injuries reduced him to spot duty over 20 games, and he retired for good in March 1970.
Murphy's career was nearly cut short late in the second period of a New York Rangers' 3–1 victory over the Montreal Canadiens at Madison Square Garden on December 20, 1953. Then a 20-year-old left wing for the Rangers, he sustained a broken jaw and concussion after Boom Boom Geoffrion took a two-handed swing with his stick, which made contact with the left side of Murphy's face. Murphy was suspended for five games, but the injuries from the incident resulted in costing him the remainder of the season. Geoffrion was banned from all matches between the two teams for the rest of the campaign. The incident was recorded on black-and-white film which was used by Rangers coach Frank Boucher. The well-preserved footage was discovered in 2011 when MSG Media moved its film and videotape archive out of its arena while the building was undergoing renovations.
After his retirement he coached the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League. He was with Stanley Cup-winning teams with the Black Hawks in 1961 and the Bruins in 1970.
Murphy died on March 6, 2014 at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="5883822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883822" title="Zupus">
Zupus

Zupus can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883826" title="Lord of Connaught">
Lord of Connaught

The title of Lord of Connaught was used by several Norman barons in Ireland.
During the Norman invasion of Ireland, William de Burgh was apparently granted Connacht, but never took possession of it. It remained in the hands of native kings until 1224, when Richard Mor de Burgh claimed it on the basis of his father's grant. His uncle Hubert de Burgh was then Justiciar of Ireland and upheld the claim in 1227. Richard called upon the feudal levies of Ireland and conquered Connacht in 1235, taking the title Lord of Connaught. Richard's son Walter de Burgh, 1st Earl of Ulster, his son Richard Og de Burgh, 2nd Earl of Ulster, and Richard's grandson William Donn de Burgh, 3rd Earl of Ulster all seem to have used the title, but upon the death of the latter in 1333, civil war broke out over control of the de Burgh lands. Connacht was divided between Sir Ulick Burke and Edmond Albanach de Burgh, and the title fell out of use. It was not recognized in the Peerage of Ireland, and the heirs-general of William Donn, who retained the title Earl of Ulster, did not use it.

</doc>
<doc id="5883827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883827" title="Opéra bouffe">
Opéra bouffe

Opéra bouffe (, plural: "opéras bouffes") is a genre of late 19th-century French operetta, closely associated with Jacques Offenbach, who produced many of them at the Théâtre des Bouffes-Parisiens that gave its name to the form. 
Opéras bouffes are known for elements of comedy, satire, parody and farce. The most famous examples are "La belle Hélène", "Barbe-bleue" ("Bluebeard"), "La vie parisienne", "La Périchole" and "La Grande-Duchesse de Gérolstein".

</doc>
<doc id="5883830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883830" title="Hold Me Back">
Hold Me Back

Hold Me Back may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883833" title="Archaeospheniscus lopdelli">
Archaeospheniscus lopdelli

Lopdell's penguin ("Archaeospheniscus lopdelli") was the largest species of the extinct penguin genus "Archaeospheniscus", standing about 90-120 cm high, or somewhat less than the extant emperor penguin. It is only known from bones of a single individual (Otago Museum C.47.21) which was found in the Late Oligocene Kokoamu Greensand Formation (27-28 MYA) at Duntroon, New Zealand. Bones apparently belonging to this species are now also known from the Late Eocene La Meseta Formation (34-37 MYA) on Seymour Island, Antarctica (Tambussi "et al.", 2006).
As the bird is not very well distinguished except in size from its contemporary congener "Archaeospheniscus lowei" and the size range, an estimated 85-120 cm, is in the upper range of the variation found in modern penguins, it is probable that "A. lopdelli" is a synonym of "A. lowelli". As the recent finds in Antarctica suggest, this is far from certain, however, and there remains much to be learned about the systematics and biogeography of the two larger "Archaeospheniscus" species.
The species' binomen honors J. C. Lopdell, who assisted Marples in recovering the fossils of this bird and others found in the Duntroon excavations.

</doc>
<doc id="5883836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883836" title="Henderson Health Sciences Magnet Middle School">
Henderson Health Sciences Magnet Middle School

Henderson Health Sciences Magnet Middle School is a magnet school in Little Rock, Arkansas, USA.
History.
Henderson Junior High School, on John Barrow Rd, about west of downtown Little Rock, opened in 1964 and was named for G. DeMatt Henderson, Sr., a prominent Little Rock attorney and member of the LRSD Board of Directors from 1918 to 1930.
When it was completed, Henderson was considered modern with its many skylights and courtyards. It offered several extracurricular clubs not usually associated with junior high schools, such as Latin and chess clubs. Henderson contained an orthopedic wing for the special needs of physically challenged students. Most of Henderson Jr. High's student population came from East Side Junior High, which closed in 1964. A classroom addition was completed in 1971.
In 1992 it became a magnet school, and Henderson Magnet Middle School now offers a health sciences magnet program to prepare students in grades 6-8 for careers in health-related fields.
Features.
The Health Sciences Magnet Program at Henderson is uniquely designed to help students understand the concepts and skills associated with the health sciences and to increase students' awareness of health-related careers. The curriculum consists of topics ranging from medical terminology, medical instruments and anatomy to the history of medicine and technology in medicine, with emphasis on human anatomy, diseases and disorders, as well as health-related careers.
Henderson practices interdisciplinary teaming, whereby students and teachers within grades form teams which allows for better communication among teachers and parents, as well as providing students important peer relationships.
Henderson uses a unique three-teacher team approach in the sixth grade, to assist students making the transition from elementary to middle school.
Henderson is a participating school in the Environmental and Spatial Technology (EASTinitiative) program.
In 2007, Henderson had 832 students enrolled.

</doc>
<doc id="5883842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883842" title="Trams in Kiev">
Trams in Kiev

The Kiev Tram () is a tram network which serves the Ukrainian capital Kiev. The system was the first electric tramway in the former Russian Empire and the third one in Europe after the Berlin Straßenbahn (tram) and the Budapest tramway. The Kiev Tram system currently consists of of track, including two Rapid Tram lines, served by 21 routes with the use of 523 tram cars. However, the system is being neglected, the serviced track length is decreasing at a fast rate and is replaced by buses and trolleybuses.
The Kiev Tram system is operated by the "Kyivpastrans" municipal company which also maintains bus, trolleybus and urban rail transport in Kiev.
History.
During the Russian Empire.
Before 1886, projects for the construction of a horse-drawn tramway were planned. However, none of these plans had ever proceeded to the construction stage. In 1886, engineer Amand Struve's project was approved for construction. On July 30, 1891, the first horse-drawn tram wagon was set on a track. By August 1, the tram line stretched from the Tsar's Square to the Demiivska Square.
Soon after tram operations were started, many problems arose. The hilly terrain of Kiev presented the largest problem. On Bohdan Khmelnytsky Street, a pair of horses was not enough to pull the trams uphill. Therefore, another two pairs of horses were added, which did not improve the situation. Thus, mechanizing the tram using a steam-powered engine was attempted as a solution to the problem. However, the steam engines produced a lot of noise, which scared the horses and people, and produced a lot of air pollution.
The slew of problems experienced by the trams shocked Struve, who in 1890, had written a letter to the City Administration of Kiev suggesting that for increased safety and easier use, the trams would need to be powered using electric motors. The administration of the Kiev Telegraph service opposed this move since, in their opinion, the electric motors would interfere with the telephone and telegraph systems.
On May 3, 1892, the first two trams with electric motors arrived in Kiev. They were built by the Struve brothers in a factory located near Moscow, based on American designs. On the same day, the engines were tested on the flat Sahaydachny Street, and once more, on May 8, on the track from Podil Street to Khreshchatyk Street.
In 1893, the money earned by these electric trams exceeded the cost to maintain the trams. Furthermore, the electric trams were used whenever the horse-drawn or steam-powered trams had difficulty. Nevertheless, the system's horse-drawn trams were in use until 1895, and the last steam-powered cars ran until 1904, when a diesel electric station, on the so-called Dachnaya ("Dachna") to Puschya-Vodytsia line was built. This station had lasted until the 1930s. These trams required very little power, which caused any electric trams, which used the line, to move so slowly that the passengers could get on and off the tram, while the tram remained in motion.
A long tram line, about 17 versts (18 kilometres) long, was laid from the Poshtova Square in the Podil neighbourhood, over the Dnieper on the Nicholas Bridge, through the Peredmostna and Nikolska Slobodka neighbourhoods, and to the neighbouring town of Brovary. The line was used until the mid-1930s, and was a one-way line with side-skirts for oncoming trams to drive into. This had made the trip even longer than it really was. The cost was 35 kopecks, a fair amount of money at the time. Nevertheless, the trams were always packed with passengers.
By 1893, the city's trams easily climbed the many steep streets of Kiev, including the Proreznay ("Prorezna"), Karavayevskaya ("Karavaievs’ka," now the "Ploscha L’va Tolstoho Street") and even the Kruglouniversitetskaya ("Kruhlouniversitets’ka") Streets. In 1893, the journal "Elektrichestvo" wrote:
A major problem of the tram drivers at the time was the rolling stock used. When the city's railroad stock holder L. Brodskyi died, the stocks were transferred to the Belgian auction firm, and the tram system began running on the Belgian "Pullman" wagons, with soft, sail-type cloth seats. But not these, nor the earlier seats on the German wagons, gave the tram drivers any comfort while standing in wind, rain, or snow, on the driver's platform on the tram.
In Soviet Ukraine.
After the Russian Revolution and the Russian Civil War, reconstruction of the tram system began. The old and outdated tram wagons required restoration as the industry of the country could not manufacture new wagons. The train wagons' reconstruction was carried out in the main tram depot of the system, the Dombal Depot. From 1928-1932, 80 two-axel motor tram wagons and 65 regular train wagons were manufactured for Kiev, and since 1932, the depot started producing four-axel tram wagons, due to Kiev's geographical relief and climate. On the tram wagons, the conductors place was not warmed during the winter, however, was separated from the passenger part of the wagon.
On March 13, 1961, a major landslide hit the city's Podilske Tram Depot, burying it in clay sludge and killing most personnel on site. Additionally, dozens of people died in the tram cars and buses caught by the landslide and subsequent short circuit on the street intersection immediately next to the depot.
Lines, routes and depots.
There are 21 different tram routes active(including 5 on the Rapid Tram lines) in two networks - on the Right and Left Banks of Kiev, respectively. There are active tram lines in 9 out of 10 city raions (excluding the Holosiiv Raion).
There are 3 rolling stock maintenance depots and dozens of infrastructure units in the system.
Rolling stock.
The Kiev tram system uses many different tram cars and types, with some being designed in Moscow and manufactured in Riga, some being manufactured by the ČKD Tatra company in Prague, and with some being manufactured right in the city of Kiev. The following data incorporates only some tram cars used by the system.

</doc>
<doc id="5883847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883847" title="Old Swansea Central Library">
Old Swansea Central Library

The old Swansea Central Library in Swansea in Britain was a public lending and reference library located in Alexandra Road, in the Swansea city centre. The old library building is now occupied by Swansea Metropolitan University's Welsh School of Architectural Glass.
History.
The library was designed by Henry Holtom of Dewsbury in the Italian classical style and opened in 1887 by the former and future Prime Minister William Ewart Gladstone. The circular reference library, in diameter, has a domed top, feet high in the centre. The collections provided a repository of source material for research on Swansea in particular and Wales in general. The Dylan Thomas Collection, established in the early 1950s, consisted of over 3,000 books and periodical articles written by, or about, the Swansea-born poet and author. 
The library was closed in November 2007. After its closure, the interior of the library building, including the domed reading room, was used extensively by BBC Wales as a location for the "Doctor Who" episodes "Silence in the Library" and "Forest of the Dead". The new Swansea Central Library, opened in March 2008, is located in the Civic Centre alongside the West Glamorgan Archives Service.
Plans.
Swansea Metropolitan University's strategic plan for 2007 stated that "detailed discussions are taking place with the City & County of Swansea with a view to the Institute acquiring the Old Central Library building in Alexandra Road". Swansea Metropolitan University intends to redevelop the building to house the new Institute of Sustainable Design.

</doc>
<doc id="5883860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883860" title="Gaius Porcius Cato">
Gaius Porcius Cato

Gaius Porcius Cato (2nd century BC), was son of Marcus Porcius Cato Licinianus. Gaius was consul 114 BC, obtained Macedonia as his province, and fought unsuccessfully against the Scordisci. He was accused of extortion in Macedonia, and was sentenced to pay a fine. He sought refuge at Tarraco in Spain, and became a citizen of that town.
References.
"This entry incorporates public domain text originally from:"

</doc>
<doc id="5883861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883861" title="Monica Shannon">
Monica Shannon

Monica Shannon (1890–1965) was a Canadian-born American children's author. Her book, "Dobry", published in 1934, received the Newbery Medal.
Life.
Shannon moved to the United States before her first birthday. She grew up on ranches in the American west. The stories told by her father's Bulgarian ranch-hands influenced her writing, as did her love for nature. Even as a child Shannon's writing reflected her love for nature and the shepherds on her family's ranch. For one elementary school assignment to write about her favorite Bible character, Shannon chose Joseph of the Old Testament, who was a shepherd as a young boy. The story so impressed her teacher that Shannon won a special award for it. Shannon worked at the Los Angeles Public Library from 1915 to 1925. She lived at Three Rivers, California.
Shannon's first book, "California Fairy Tales", was published by Doubleday in 1926. It includes stories from the US, Spain, and Ireland. "Dobry" was published in 1934. It tells the story of a young peasant boy who longs to be a sculptor. Dobry's father is dead, and his mother wants him to work the land. His grandfather, however, supports his dream and encourages him to follow his dreams. Some of Dobry's experiences come from the life of Atanas Katchamakoff, the Bulgarian-born sculptor who illustrated the book.
Monica Shannon died August 13, 1965.
Awards.
"Dobry" won the 1935 Newbery Medal for the "most distinguished contribution to American literature for children".

</doc>
<doc id="5883863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883863" title="Domenico Bernini">
Domenico Bernini

Domenico Bernini was the son of the artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.
Born on 3 August 1657, Domenico was the last of the eleven children born to the famed seventeenth-century artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini and his wife, Caterina Tezio. A scholar and author, Domenico Bernini published several works related to the history of the Catholic Church. Published in four volumes, "History of the Heresies" perhaps is the best known of his writings. Domenico's biography of his father, "Vita del Cavalier Gio. Lorenzo Bernini", appeared in Rome in 1713 and is now available in its first English translation and critical edition. It is one of the most important, full-length primary sources for the life of Gian Lorenzo Bernini. Domenico Bernini died in 1723.
Although he had a very brief career as a Jesuit novice (1671–73), Domenico was never ordained a priest; he married sometime after 1686 and had three children. He is frequently confused in older scholarship with his eldest brother, Monsignor Pietro Filippo who became a prelate and canon of Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome. He devoted himself to the study of ecclesiastical history and wrote an extensive history of Catholic heresies.

</doc>
<doc id="5883865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883865" title="St. Dunstan's Basilica">
St. Dunstan's Basilica

St. Dunstan's Basilica is the Cathedral of the Diocese of Charlottetown in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada. It is named for St. Dunstan the Anglo Saxon saint from Glastonbury. The current stone structure was rebuilt in 1916 after a fire and is located on Great George Street, between the harbour and the Confederation Centre of the Arts.
The Basilica was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5883866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883866" title="The Oldershaw Academy">
The Oldershaw Academy

Oldershaw Academy is a secondary school located in the Liscard area of Wallasey, England and is a specialist Business and Enterprise College.
History.
Grammar school.
Dr. John Oldershaw founded the school in 1920, and it opened on 11 September 1920. Extensions to the school were opened on 4 June 1926. The first headteacher was Mr. H.G. Mayo, M.A. It was administered by the County Borough of Wallasey. By 1968 it had 700 pupils. Wallasey Grammar School was a separate establishment based on "Withens Lane", which moved to Leasowe in 1967 and is now the Wallasey School.
Comprehensive.
Initially having separate sections for boys and girls, with segregated teaching except for 'A' Level courses, Oldershaw became a comprehensive school in 1968, initially retaining the name of Oldershaw Grammar School although for ages 13–18.
The school then included four 'houses': Durham, York, Lancaster and Chester. Prior to this the houses of the boys' grammar school were defined as colours: Blue, Gold, Red and Green whilst the girls' high school houses were Oak, Fir, Beech and Elm.
Wirral Education Authority rationalised their middle school system in 1982, and added an extra year to primary schools (Now referred to as Year 6) and two years into secondary schools (Years 7 and 8). To accommodate these two extra years Olderhaw was expanded to include a Lower School (Opening in September in 1982), under K. R. M. Williams, at the site of the old St. Hilda's School in Ormond Street; it was later moved to the same site as the main school in time for the autumn term of 2000, and the Lower School site was demolished to make way for new housing.
The current forms of the school are Fir, Oak, Cedar, Maple, Poplar and Elm although in recent years Poplar has been replaced in favour of the form Beech. The current headteacher is Steven John Peach, who has been at the school for several years.
The school has just undergone major developments. The original sixth form building was demolished to make way for a brand new building. With this new building came a new uniform. The new uniform was designed to give Oldershaw a clear identity within the local community.
The Oldershaw Academy.
In late 2011 The Oldershaw School became an academy, it is the only academy in Wallasey.

</doc>
<doc id="5883879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883879" title="European Journal of Human Genetics">
European Journal of Human Genetics

The European Journal of Human Genetics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group on behalf of the European Society of Human Genetics. It covers all aspects of human genetics.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 4.319, ranking it 7th out of 290 journals in the category "Biochemistry & Molecular Biology" and 34th out of 161 journals in the category "Genetics & Heredity".

</doc>
<doc id="5883910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883910" title="Ray Berres">
Ray Berres

Raymond Frederick Berres (August 31, 1907 – February 1, 2007) was an American catcher and pitching coach in Major League Baseball who played for the Brooklyn Dodgers (1934, 1936), Pittsburgh Pirates (1937–1940), Boston Bees/Braves (1940–1941) and New York Giants (1942–1945). He batted and threw right-handed.
Born in Kenosha, Wisconsin, Berres was a 170-lb, light-hitting catcher who, thanks to his fine glove, managed to play in 11 major league seasons for four National League teams, usually in a backup role. He provided fine catching, quality game-calling, and a respectable throwing arm. Drafted by the Brooklyn Dodgers from the Birmingham Barons (Southern Association) in the 1933 Rule 5 draft, he debuted with Brooklyn in , backing up Al Lopez behind the plate. 
He returned to the minor leagues in 1935, but became Brooklyn's starting catcher when Lopez was traded to Boston in December 1935. His most productive season came as a rookie, when he posted career highs in batting average (.240), hits (64) and doubles (10). The Pittsburgh Pirates, short of catching, signed him a year later.
Before the 1940 season, Berres was traded by Pittsburgh to the Boston Bees in exchange for Lopez. He played in part of two seasons with the Boston franchise, including their first year as the Braves in , when he appeared in a career-high 120 games while hitting .201(56-for-279); he also led the NL in fielding percentage with a .995 mark. After backing up a series of Giants catchers for four seasons, he finished his career with that team in . In an 11-season career, Berres was a .216 hitter with three home runs and 78 runs batted in in 561 games played. 
He was the pitching coach for the Chicago White Sox for nearly two decades (1949 through 1966, then midseason of 1968 through 1969), primarily under manager Lopez, including the American League champions.
Berres died in his hometown of Kenosha, Wisconsin from pneumonia at the age of 99. 
Berres was elected to the Wisconsin Athletic Hall of Fame in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5883919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883919" title="Graduate Teacher Programme">
Graduate Teacher Programme

The Graduate Teacher Programme (GTP) is a programme in England and Wales for graduates who want to gain Qualified Teacher Status while working. A person must work in a school as an unqualified teacher in order to participate in the programme, which can last from three months to a year.
This means that the school must be willing to employ an unqualified teacher, with a minimum wage of £14,751. The Training and Development Agency for Schools (TDA) can pay the school up to £14,000 to cover employment costs, though it is not guaranteed. The TDA can also provide a training grant of up to £4,920 depending on the subject and length of the training.
The Department for Education announced in mid-2012 that The Graduate Teacher Programme was being scrapped, and replaced with a new scheme called School Direct. The last academic year the programme will run in 2012/2013.
Getting a place.
To obtain a GTP place, a candidate must usually secure a training placement themselves at a school willing to support them as an unqualified teacher. However, some institutions organise this for them. The school will then offer to employ the student as a supernumerary teacher (i.e. not being used as substitute for employing a qualified teacher). With the school's backing, a formal application must then be made to a Designated Recommending Body (DRB). These are normally universities, colleges, local authorities or private educational companies. The DRB administers the application process, making the formal selection of successful candidates, and the payment of the TDA grant to the school, and provides tutor support for the student. Numbers are limited by the money made available by the TDA.
In some cases it is possible to make a self-funded application. In these cases, an application must still be made to a DRB but the school provides the entire salary for the trainee.
Applications are normally made towards the end of the calendar year up to February for entry to the school in September, but every DRB has its own arrangements and dates for application deadlines. Sometimes a second competition for places is held within the year if some spaces have not been filled. Places are awarded according to the quality of the candidate, and also the supporting school which the DRB must believe is capable of offering the appropriate standard of support.
Availability of the GTP.
The GTP is not available evenly across England and Wales though places available broadly reflect regional population densities. Competition can be very fierce since the salary-based training is much better paid than a Postgraduate Certificate of Education (PGCE) course, and is especially attractive to mature entrants. Subjects available also vary greatly both regionally and by DRB.
GTP students normally train in a single subject in which they must have a degree. Places for Primary and Secondary Shortage (e.g. Mathematics, Science and English) exceed those available for Secondary Non-Shortage (e.g. History). Some DRBs only offer places for Primary and Secondary Shortage.
The training.
Training commences by working a small portion of a normal timetable (around 30%), and this gradually builds up over the year to 90% in the third term. The GTP will be supernumerary (in all but a very few exceptional circumstances), which means that qualified teachers must already be employed by the school to teach the classes allocated to the student. School policy varies on how day-to-day teaching by the student is allowed. Some schools will leave students to teach whole classes from the outset, supervised at a distance by the qualified teacher whose class it is and by the school-based mentor and senior tutor. Some schools will insist that the student only 'team-teach' with the qualified teacher present at all times until it is felt the student can cope on his or her own.
GTP students are allowed to train on a more limited age range than the PGCE. At secondary level an example would be to train in two Key Stages, such as Key Stage 3 (Years 7-9 ages 11–14) and Key Stage 4 (Years 10-11, ages 14–16), rather than the full age range of 11-18. However, many GTP trainees will teach across the full 11-18 age-range and will invariably teach far more in those Key Stages than a PGCE student would.
Alongside their teaching, the student has to compile dossiers of evidence to record lesson plans, observations and other experiences. These must prove they have reached each of the Training and Development Agency for Schools' 33 Standards required to achieve Qualified Teacher Status. The quantity and quality of evidence considered necessary to fulfil each Standard varies between DRBs, since the DRB has to interpret the TDA's requirements. In England only, the student must also complete the QTS Skills Tests to fulfil Standard 16. This is not required in Wales. 
A placement of several weeks at a second contrasting school is also required to ensure the training is not overly school-specific. for example, a trainee at a single sex grammar school might have a second placement at a mixed comprehensive.
Throughout the training year the student is regularly inspected by the school-based senior tutor and mentor (usually departmental colleagues). A number of inspections of teaching and the portfolio are made by staff from the DRB.
Students also have to produce evidence of research in the form of written assignments. The number of assignments and their individual length and content varies between the DRBs.
Historically, GTP students attended a number of centrally taught days administered by their DRB, which varied from DRB to DRB. Some, for example, offered six taught days distributed throughout the year. Others offered fortnightly taught days. However, since September 2008 there is a standardised requirement for all trainees to undertake 60 days of training, shared between the DRB and the school.
The reason for the change is to make the GTP a more academic-based qualification which will enjoy broader recognition, and also provide a basis for credits towards a Master of Education degree (MEd). The intention is to attract a higher calibre of applicants, especially well-qualified graduates who might otherwise have opted for the costly but better-recognised PGCE course.
Completion of training.
On completion of the training year, the successful student is recommended for Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) by the DRB. This is then normally awarded through the General Teaching Council for England or the General Teaching Council for Wales, allowing the student to work as a teacher in England or Wales. In exceptional instances QTS can be awarded in less time, but this is rare. QTS may be withheld if the relevant teaching council is unhappy about the standard of training offered by the DRB. This, too, is very rare.
International recognition.
Unlike academic-based teaching qualifications such as the PGCE, the GTP is not well recognised outside of England and Wales, with countries such as Scotland, Australia
and New Zealand considering the GTP to be an inadequate qualification for school teachers.
History.
The GTP was first offered in 1998. It was originally aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession, who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE. Because of this, the programme was restricted to those aged 24 and over. However, the age requirement was dropped in 2004 to avoid breaking new European Union discrimination laws.

</doc>
<doc id="5883921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883921" title="Harness (comics)">
Harness (comics)

Harness (Erika Benson) is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics universe. Her first appearance was in "New Mutants Annual #7".
Fictional character biography.
Erika Benson was the mother of Gilbert Benson, the mutant boy named Piecemeal who merged with the resurrected Proteus. She had been employed by A.I.M. to take Piecemeal around the world, absorbing all of the ambient energy of Proteus in their effort to recreate him.
Harness fought various members of the X-Teams when they were attempting to stop A.I.M.'s plan. She was taken into custody after the death of her son.
Powers and abilities.
Harness wore an armored suit that projected a pair of energy handcuffs she could use to mentally control her son Piecemeal. These energy handcuffs were generated by her mutant power, but she may have needed the suit to focus it. The suit enhanced her strength and had a teleportation device, as well as a host of lethal weapons. She also appeared to have cybernetic connections to the suit itself.

</doc>
<doc id="5883922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883922" title="Andreini">
Andreini

Andreini is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5883924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883924" title="Sabra (magazine)">
Sabra (magazine)

Aside from regular publication, "Sabra" also published several one-shot collection books in a magazine format focused on a single model or group of models throughout years. 
Sabra magazine ceased publication in March 2010, only special edition magazine books are being published in print and the members only site.

</doc>
<doc id="5883937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883937" title="Harford Sports Complex">
Harford Sports Complex

Harford Sports Complex, formerly Thomas Run Park, is a multi-purpose sports park in Bel Air, Harford County, Maryland, utilized by Harford Community College. It consists of one lit all-grass regulation baseball field, one turf infield/grass outfield regulation baseball field, two lit 'skin' softball fields, a concession pavilion, stadium, basketball courts, and lit tennis courts. The fields are operated and owned by nearby Harford Community College. The complex is also occasionally used by Harford Technical High School as well as other area high schools, and by community adult baseball and softball teams.
The baseball complex was home to the Atlantic League Aberdeen Arsenal baseball team in 2000, before the Aberdeen IronBirds moved to the completed Ripken Stadium in 2002. The expanded field had a capacity of about 2,000, which has since been dismantled back down to the original bleachers and walkways.
Harford Stadium.
Harford Stadium is a 1,000 seat soccer and lacrosse stadium. Constructed in 1968, a 2007 renovation eliminated a track, and now features an artificial turf field, lights, and press pavilion. 
APGFCU Arena.
The APG Federal Credit Union Arena is a $26 million renovation and expansion of the existing athletic complex that will feature an overhaul of the current building, and the construction of a new arena. The arena will have approximately 2,600 permanent seats, with a capacity of up to 3,200 for floor events. Total size of the facility would be increased to 86,610ft², with construction slated to be completed by Fall 2012. A groundbreaking ceremony for the new arena was held on August 23rd, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5883947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883947" title="Herald and Post">
Herald and Post

The Herald and Post is the name given to various weekly freesheets that deliver to households in much of the United Kingdom. The title is published by a variety of publishers; each edition consisting mainly of advertising and promotional pieces, with news items often sourced from sister publications. In particular, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883948" title="Basile">
Basile

Basile may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5883951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883951" title="Robinson Newspapers">
Robinson Newspapers

Robinson Newspapers is a group of community weekly newspapers that served several neighborhoods and towns in King County, Washington.
The newspapers cover the neighborhoods of Ballard and West Seattle within the City of Seattle. Outside of Seattle, they cover White Center, Burien, and the greater Highline area south of Seattle to the communities of Des Moines, SeaTac In 2013 the newspapers were merged into a single print publication called the Westside Weekly though the individual newspaper "flags" or brands are within sections of the printed product. Each newspaper still operates online individually.
History.
The company is owned by the Robinson family. Its founder is Jerry Robinson (b. 1920). Robinson purchased the White Center News in 1952, founded the Federal Way News in 1954, expanding it into Des Moines in 1963. He acquired the Highline Times and the West Seattle Herald in 1974. With his partner Al Sneed, he developed Rotary Offset Publishing Company in 1956, installing the first web offset style rotary printing press west of the Mississippi River. Robinson sold the papers in 1989 but restarted them in 1998 after the then publisher ceased operations. He had previously acquired the Ballard News Tribune and the Monroe Monitor in 1993.
Today the company is operated by sons Ken and Tim Robinson as Managing Editor and General Manager respectively. Another son, Patrick, is the online editor for WestSeattleHerald.com, as well as functioning as a reporter/photographer and social media manager. Son Scott Robinson is a contributing columnist. Jerry Robinson writes a weekly column for the papers.

</doc>
<doc id="5883963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883963" title="Cynthia Cleese">
Cynthia Cleese

Cynthia Cleese (born 17 February 1971) is an English actress.
The daughter of British actor John Cleese and American actress Connie Booth, she is best known for "A Fish Called Wanda", where she played daughter Portia to Cleese's character Archie Leach. She was credited as Cynthia Caylor, with Caylor being her maternal grandmother's maiden name.
In the film "Fierce Creatures" she again starred with her father. She played the supporting role of Pip, the small-mammals keeper at the Marwood Zoo. In this film, which was co-produced and co-written by John Cleese, she is credited with her own name rather than a stage name. In the film, she repeats her father's well-known Black Knight line, "It's just a flesh wound!"

</doc>
<doc id="5883985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883985" title="All Aboard! 20th Century American Trains">
All Aboard! 20th Century American Trains

In August 1999, the United States Postal Service issued a set of 33¢ postage stamps entitled All Aboard! 20th Century American Trains to ""pay tribute to American industry and design, and specifically to the heritage of our railroads."" Artist Ted Rose created five watercolor images depicting the following celebrated American named passenger trains from the 1930s and 1940s: 
Descriptive text regarding each of the trains was listed on the gummed side of each stamp.

</doc>
<doc id="5883990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5883990" title="Roger Mason, Jr.">
Roger Mason, Jr.

Roger Philip Mason, Jr. (born September 10, 1980) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Currently, Mason is the vice president of the NBA Players Association.
Early career.
Mason lived in Silver Spring, Maryland where he attended primary school at Grace Episcopal Day School. He first attended high school at Sidwell Friends School where he was named MVP at the school as a freshman. He then transferred to Our Lady of Good Counsel High School for his sophomore, junior, and senior years. Mason led Good Counsel to their best basketball year ever, with 29 wins and a number 19 final ranking on the USA Today Super 25 list. At Good Counsel he scored a total of 1,426 points. He was named 1999 All-Metropolitan first team by "The Washington Post", All-Washington Catholic Athletic Conference (WCAC), and all-county by the "Montgomery Journal" newspaper. He was also named 1999 Powerade "Mr. Basketball", awarded to the best player in the Washington, D.C. area.
College career.
Mason played collegiately at the University of Virginia (UVA). In 2001, he was named to the All-Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) third team. Mason set a free throw percentage record in UVA history with 86.0 percent made and is currently third on the ACC's all-time list for free throw percentage.
Professional career.
NBA.
Mason was selected with the 31st overall pick by the Chicago Bulls in the 2002 NBA Draft after his junior year. On August 12, 2002, he signed a multi-year deal with the Bulls.
On December 15, 2003, he was traded to the Toronto Raptors for Rick Brunson. On December 16, 2004, he was waived by the Raptors.
In September 2006, he signed a one-year deal with the Washington Wizards. In September 2007, he re-signed with the Wizards on a one-year deal. His role significantly expanded during the season when Gilbert Arenas and Antonio Daniels were injured. He responded by putting up the best numbers in his NBA career.
On July 11, 2008, Mason was signed to the San Antonio Spurs for a two-year $7.3 million contract. On Christmas Day 2008, he made a buzzer-beating three-point shot to beat the Phoenix Suns. Mason would finish the season with career highs in points, rebounds, and assists per game.
On August 10, 2010, Mason signed a contract with the New York Knicks.
On December 9, 2011, Mason signed a one-year veteran minimum contract with the Washington Wizards. On April 16, 2012, Mason was waived by the Wizards to create a roster spot for Morris Almond.
On August 3, 2012, Mason signed a contract with the New Orleans Hornets.
On September 27, 2013, Mason signed with the Miami Heat.
On February 20, 2014, Mason was traded to the Sacramento Kings in exchange for a future conditional 2015 second-round pick. He was later waived the same day.
On June 27th 2014, Mason announced he would play on the NBA Summer League for the Indiana Pacers.
International.
In January 2005, he signed with Olympiacos of Greece for the rest of the 2004–05 season. Later that year, he signed with Hapoel Jerusalem for the 2005–06 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5884004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884004" title="Leaf Storm">
Leaf Storm

Leaf Storm is the common translation for Gabriel García Márquez's novella La Hojarasca. First published in 1955, it took seven years to find a publisher. Widely celebrated as the first appearance of Macondo, the fictitious village later made famous in "One Hundred Years of Solitude", "Leaf Storm" is a testing ground for many of the themes and characters later immortalized in said book. It is also the title of a short story collection by García Márquez.
The other stories compiled in the English translation are “The Handsomest Drowned Man in the World”, “A Very Old Man with Enormous Wings”, “Blacaman the Good, Vendor of Miracles”, “The Last Voyage of the Ghost Ship”, “The Monologue of Isabel Watching It Rain in Macondo”, and “Nabo”. Several of these short stories appeared elsewhere before being put into this compilation. “The Handsomest Drowned Man in the World” first appeared in "Playboy" magazine in 1971. “A Very Old Man with Enormous Wings” first appeared in New American Review and “Blacaman the Good, Vendor of Miracles” was first published in Esquire Magazine.
The narrative of "Leaf Storm" shifts between the perspectives of three generations of one family as the three characters (father, daughter and grandson respectively) find themselves in a spiritual limbo after the death of a man passionately hated by the entire village yet inextricably linked to the patriarch of the family.
Plot introduction.
The novella takes place in Macondo, the fictional town that would be the future site of more Márquez stories. At this point and time in the little town of Macondo the banana boat company has landed and with it many new people to work. The newcomers are referred to as “la hojarasca”, hence the title of the book. However, the narrative surrounds a colonel, his daughter Isabel, his grandson and the burial of a doctor scorned by the village. The story takes place at the wake of the doctor.
Plot summary.
The Father, an aging, half blind man who carries the title of colonel within the village, has made a promise to bury the recently deceased former doctor in spite of the consensus within Macondo that he should be left to rot within the corner house where he had lived in complete social isolation for the past decade. The daughter, Isabel, is obliged to accompany her father out of respect for traditional values while knowing she and her son will be doomed to face the wrath of her neighbors in Macondo. The narrative of the grandson, on the other hand, is more preoccupied with the mystery and wonder of death.
As with many of his stories, such as "Love in the Time of Cholera" and" Chronicle of a Death Foretold", García Márquez introduces a dramatic scene to begin his narrative and then moves backward, rehashing the past that will lead up to the ultimate conclusion. It is discovered within the narrative that the center of all the conflict (the deceased) is a doctor who came to Macondo with a mysterious past and no clear name. The man's only saving grace is a letter of recommendation from the Colonel Aureliano Buendía, one of the main characters of the later " One Hundred Years of Solitude". It is this letter that leads the stranger to the family that serves collectively as narrator to the drama that unfolds.
The deceased.
After giving up on the practice of medicine and living at the expense of the family for an inordinate amount of time, the reclusive doctor moves two houses down with Meme, the indigenous house maid that had been living with the narrative family at the time. While his reclusive demeanour and lustful attention to the female form do not make him popular with the locals, the former doctor's ultimate banishment only occurs when nearly a dozen men, wounded from one of the country's many civil wars, are brought to his door in search of medical attention. The doctor, having given up the practice of medicine, refuses to save them as he once refused to help an ailing Meme while they had been living with the family of narrators.
Traces of magical realism.
In addition to the themes of cyclicality and inversion that are bedrocks to the narrative fluidity of "One Hundred Years of Solitude"; "Leaf Storm" also demonstrates several other techniques identified with Magical Realism such as manipulation of time and the use of multiple perspectives.

</doc>
<doc id="5884007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884007" title="Dreams (Evermore album)">
Dreams (Evermore album)

Dreams is the debut album by Evermore, released on 27 September 2004 in Australia, 8 October 2004 in New Zealand and 23 May 2006 in the US. The album peaked at #15 on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart and received Platinum accreditation in 2005. The album was nominated for four ARIA Music Awards in 2005.
The first single off the album was "It's Too Late", which was released on 2 August 2004, where it debuted at #38 on the ARIA Singles Chart, eventually reaching #15 in November 2004. The single was also the seventh-most played song in Australia in 2005. The second single "For One Day" was released on 14 February 2005, debuting on the ARIA Singles Chart at #20. The single was also nominated for Single of the Year at the ARIA Music Awards. A third single "Come to Nothing" was released on 23 May 2005.
In the 2004 Triple J Hottest 100, "It's Too Late" came in at #14 and "For One Day" at #57.
In 2005, "Into the Ocean (Calling You)" was adopted as the soundtrack theme for Ghost Hunt, a New Zealand paranormal television show. In 2006, a Dirty South remix of "It's Too Late" reached #1 on the Australian Club Charts. 

</doc>
<doc id="5884009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884009" title="Bagaregården">
Bagaregården

Bagaregården is a district in Gothenburg, Sweden which belongs to Örgryte borough.
Most parts of the district were designed by town planner Albert Lilienberg. He was inspired by the Austrian architect Camillo Sitte. There are many Landshövdingehus in the area.
The term "bagaregård" (the indefinite form of "bagaregården") translates into "baker´s estate".
Close to Bagaregården lie the remains of a medieval church, Härlanda Church Ruins. It was torn down by request from Gustavus I of Sweden. 

</doc>
<doc id="5884021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884021" title="Royal Bafokeng Nation">
Royal Bafokeng Nation

The Royal Bafokeng Nation is the ethnic homeland of the Bafokeng people, a Setswana-speaking traditional community. The monarchy covers in the North West Province of South Africa. The administrative capital is Phokeng, near Rustenburg. "Bafokeng" is used to refer to both the tribal grouping as well as the land its members inhabit. The kingdom's current ruler is "Kgosi" (King) Leruo Molotlegi, who has reigned since 2000.
The nation gained greater international attention in 2010, owing to its Royal Bafokeng Stadium, where six of the FIFA 2010 World Cup games were played, and the Bafokeng Sports Campus, where they hosted the England football team during the World Cup.
Background.
The Bafokeng tribe (Bafokeng meaning 'People of the dew', or 'People of the grass') own a piece of land in South Africa's bushveld on which 150 000 people, not all ethnic Bafokeng, live. Oral tradition suggests that when they settled in the Rustenburg valley, it captured heavy overnight dew, holding the promise that the land would be fertile and hence that the community would prosper. The Bafokeng struggled to buy the land, repelling invaders and imperialists as they did so.
About 100-150,000 ethnic Bafokeng live in an area some 150 km north-west of Johannesburg, South Africa, with the balance scattered primarily throughout South Africa. The Royal Bafokeng Nation (RBN) has retained its unique cultural identity and traditional leadership structures and is led by a hereditary Kgosi (king), currently Kgosi Leruo Molotlegi.
In 1925 the world's largest deposits of platinum group metals, such as platinum, rhodium and palladium were discovered on Bafokeng lands. Mining companies now pay royalties to the RBN in exchange for the right to mine these metals. Also, a court settlement in 1999 with Impala Platinum Mining (Implats), the second-largest platinum company in South Africa, gave the RBN a 22 percent royalty on all platinum taken from their territory and an ownership stake in Implats. The value of the Bafokeng's stake in Impala had tripled to more than $50 million by 2001. The Bafokeng receive annual royalties of approximately $63 million from platinum mining.
The RBN has established a sovereign wealth fund, Royal Bafokeng Holdings, an investment entity in Johannesburg, which is responsible for overseeing the growth and maintenance of the community’s income streams. It is considered to be Africa's most progressive community investment model, with total assets under management at approximately $4 billion. The RBN has invested royalties and dividends in a number of projects, and in civic administration and social services. These include:
RBN has also recruited several manufacturing companies to Phokeng as part of a drive to expand the nation's exports beyond raw materials.
History.
The Bafokeng people trace their history back to the year 1140. Kgosi (King) Sekete III, who ruled in the early 1700s, was the first in the line of kings, of which the current Kgosi Leruo Molotlegi is the 15th direct descendant. Sekete III was followed by kings Diale, Ramorwa, Sekete IV, and Thethe. Then came arguably the most influential king in Bafokeng history: Kgosi August Mokgatle, who reigned from 1834 to 1891. Pooling community resources, he started buying back the land the Bafokeng had occupied for centuries from white colonialists. Thirty-three years after Mokgatle's death, a part of the reef containing the world's largest deposit of platinum group metals were discovered under Bafokeng land. Owing to Mokgatle's purchasing of the land, the Bafokeng were able eventually (post apartheid) to claim royalties from platinum mining industry mines within the nation. 
Mokgwaro George Molotlegi (1936 to 1997) was the brother of Kgosi Edward Patrick Lebone Molotlegi who ruled the Bafokeng from 1988 to 1994. During his reign, South Africa's ruling National Party had created the Bophuthatswana government as the authority over all Batswana people, including the Bafokeng. Kgosi Lebone's opposition to the move brought him into conflict with the then Bophuthatswana president, Lucas Mangope, who detained the Bafokeng king and harassed him until he was forced to flee to neighbouring Botswana. Mangope then recognized Mokgwaro George Molotlegi as Kgosi of the Bafokeng. This situation prevailed until 1994 when Mangope was forced out of power when Bophuthatswana was reintegrated into South Africa. This enabled Kgosi Lebone to return to Phokeng and to once again lead his people. His return was marked by tumultuous celebrations, but they were short lived as Kgosi Lebone died in November 1995. The would-be Kgosi Mokgwaro George Molotlegi returned to his home in the area and remained there until his death in December 1997.
Natural resources.
Much of the terrain is rolling grassland. Farming was the primary occupation until the discovery of the Merensky Reef in 1925. The Merensky Reef, a foot-thick layer of platinum-rich rock, is one of the richest platinum deposits in the world.
Administration.
Kgosi Leruo Tshekedi Moletlegi, the 36th recorded monarch of the Bafokeng people, was enthroned in August 2003. His predecessor was his elder brother, King Lebone II. Kgosi Leruo Molotlegi is the 15th member of the current dynasty.
Vision 2020
Before his enthronement as King of the Royal Bafokeng Nation, Kgosi Leruo Molotlegi set in motion the next phase in the development of his people. His brother, Kgosi Mollwane Lebone Boikanyo Molotlegi, paved the way for the initiative by proclaiming Vision 2020. This challenges the Bafokeng people to reduce their dependency on their diminishing mineral assets and to become a self-sufficient community within the first 20 years of this century, whilst also maintaining the Bafokeng culture.
The main areas of emphasis of Vision 2020 fall into the following areas:
Royal family.
List of the most recent kings and their periods of reign:
Totemic tradition.
Most Setswana tribes, like other South African tribes, have an animal that symbolises the nation. The crocodile is the genealogical totem of the Basotho-Batswana people, who include the Bafokeng, and hence the Royal Bafokeng Nation. Thus the crocodile is an element in the RBN's flag. In the flag, the crocodile is moving towards water, which the Bafokeng people believe to be a sign of contentment. The crocodile is depicted by other Basotho-Batswana groups with its mouth open whereas the Bafokeng have always depicted their crocodile with its mouth shut.
The Royal Bafokeng's motto is " a e wele metsing" (idiomatically translated as "let there be peace"). The Royal Bafokeng Nation praise idiom is “MaNape a Tshukudu E naka le nthla E tlhabang e itlhabela” (literally translated as "Nape the Rhino, with a sharp horn, that pierces as it pierces for itself"
Sister cities.
Among Royal Bafokeng Nation's sister cities as designated by Sister Cities International are:

</doc>
<doc id="5884024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884024" title="Ramanujan's sum">
Ramanujan's sum

In number theory, a branch of mathematics, Ramanujan's sum, usually denoted "cq"("n"), is a function of two positive integer variables "q" and "n" defined by the formula
where ("a", "q") = 1 means that "a" only takes on values coprime to "q".
Srinivasa Ramanujan introduced the sums in a 1918 paper. In addition to the expansions discussed in this article, Ramanujan's sums are used in the proof of Vinogradov's theorem that every sufficiently-large odd number is the sum of three primes.
Notation.
For integers "a" and "b", formula_2 is read ""a" divides "b"" and means that there is an integer "c" such that "b" = "ac". Similarly, formula_3 is read ""a" does not divide "b"". The summation symbol 
means that "d" goes through all the positive divisors of "m", e.g.
formula_6 is the greatest common divisor,
formula_7 is Euler's totient function,
formula_8 is the Möbius function, and
formula_9 is the Riemann zeta function.
Formulas for "c""q"("n").
Trigonometry.
These formulas come from the definition, Euler's formula formula_10 and elementary trigonometric identities.
and so on (, , , .., ...) They show that "cq"("n") is always real.
Kluyver.
Let formula_12 Then is a root of the equation . Each of its powers ζ"q", ζ"q"2, ... ζ"q""q" = ζ"q"0 = 1 is also a root. Therefore, since there are "q" of them, they are all of the roots. The numbers ζ"q""n" where 1 ≤ "n" ≤ "q" are called the "q"-th roots of unity. is called a primitive "q"-th root of unity because the smallest value of "n" that makes ζ"q""n" = 1 is "q". The other primitive "q"-th roots of are the numbers ζ"q""a" where ("a", "q") = 1. Therefore, there are φ("q") primitive "q"-th roots of unity.
Thus, the Ramanujan sum "cq"("n") is the sum of the "n"-th powers of the primitive "q"-th roots of unity.
It is a fact that the powers of are precisely the primitive roots for all the divisors of "q".
Example. Let "q" = 12. Then
Therefore, if 
is the sum of the "n"-th powers of all the roots, primitive and imprimitive,
and by Möbius inversion,
It follows from the identity "x""q" − 1 = ("x" − 1)("x""q"−1 + "x""q"−2 + ... + "x" + 1) that
and this leads to the formula
published by Kluyver in 1906.
This shows that "c""q"("n") is always an integer. Compare it with the formula
von Sterneck.
It is easily shown from the definition that "c""q"("n") is multiplicative when considered as a function of "q" for a fixed value of "n": i.e.
From the definition (or Kluyver's formula) it is straightforward to prove that, if "p" is a prime number,
and if "p""k" is a prime power where "k" > 1,
This result and the multiplicative property can be used to prove 
This is called von Sterneck's arithmetic function. The equivalence of it and Ramanujan's sum is due to Hölder.
Other properties of "c""q"("n").
For all positive integers "q",
For a fixed value of "q" the absolute value of the sequence 
for a fixed value of "n" the absolute value of the sequence 
If "q" > 1
Let "m"1, "m"2 > 0, "m" = lcm("m"1, "m"2). Then Ramanujan's sums satisfy an orthogonality property:
Let "n", "k" > 0. Then
known as the Brauer - Rademacher identity.
If "n" > 0 and "a" is any integer, we also have
due to Cohen.
Ramanujan expansions.
If "f"("n") is an arithmetic function (i.e. a complex-valued function of the integers or natural numbers), then a convergent infinite series of the form
or of the form
where the , is called a Ramanujan expansion of "f"("n").
Ramanujan found expansions of some of the well-known functions of number theory. All of these results are proved in an "elementary" manner (i.e. only using formal manipulations of series and the simplest results about convergence).
The expansion of the zero function depends on a result from the analytic theory of prime numbers, namely that the series 
converges to 0, and the results for "r"("n") and "r"′("n") depend on theorems in an earlier paper.
All the formulas in this section are from Ramanujan's 1918 paper. 
Generating functions.
The generating functions of the Ramanujan sums are Dirichlet series:
is a generating function for the sequence "cq"(1), "cq"(2), ... where "q" is kept constant, and
is a generating function for the sequence "c"1("n"), "c"2("n"), ... where "n" is kept constant.
There is also the double Dirichlet series
σ"k"("n").
σ"k"("n") is the divisor function (i.e. the sum of the "k"-th powers of the divisors of "n", including 1 and "n"). σ0("n"), the number of divisors of "n", is usually written "d"("n") and σ1("n"), the sum of the divisors of "n", is usually written σ("n").
If "s" > 0,
and
Setting "s" = 1 gives
If the Riemann hypothesis is true, and formula_38
"d"("n").
"d"("n") = σ0("n") is the number of divisors of "n", including 1 and "n" itself.
where γ = 0.5772... is the Euler–Mascheroni constant.
"φ"("n").
Euler's totient function φ("n") is the number of positive integers less than "n" and coprime to "n". Ramanujan defines a generalization of it, if 
is the prime factorization of "n", and "s" is a complex number, let
so that "φ"1("n") = "φ"("n") is Euler's function.
He proves that
and uses this to show that
Letting "s" = 1,
Note that the constant is the inverse of the one in the formula for σ("n").
Λ("n").
Von Mangoldt's function unless "n" = "pk" is a power of a prime number, in which case it is the natural logarithm log "p".
Zero.
For all "n" > 0,
This is equivalent to the prime number theorem.
"r"2"s"("n") (sums of squares).
"r"2"s"("n") is the number of way of representing "n" as the sum of 2"s" squares, counting different orders and signs as different (e.g., "r"2(13) = 8, as 13 = (±2)2 + (±3)2 = (±3)2 + (±2)2.)
Ramanujan defines a function δ2"s"("n") and references a paper in which he proved that "r"2"s"("n") = δ2"s"("n") for "s" = 1, 2, 3, and 4. For "s" > 4 he shows that δ2"s"("n") is a good approximation to "r"2"s"("n").
"s" = 1 has a special formula:
In the following formulas the signs repeat with a period of 4.
If "s" ≡ 0 (mod 4),
If "s" ≡ 2 (mod 4),
If "s" ≡ 1 (mod 4) and "s" > 1,
If "s" ≡ 3 (mod 4),
and therefore,
"r"′2"s"("n") (sums of triangles).
"r"′2"s"("n") is the number of ways "n" can be represented as the sum of 2"s" triangular numbers (i.e. the numbers 1, 3 = 1 + 2, 6 = 1 + 2 + 3, 10 = 1 + 2 + 3 + 4, 15, ...; the "n"-th triangular number is given by the formula "n"("n" + 1)/2.)
The analysis here is similar to that for squares. Ramanujan refers to the same paper as he did for the squares, where he showed that there is a function δ′2"s"("n") such that "r"′2"s"("n") = δ′2"s"("n") for "s" = 1, 2, 3, and 4, and that for "s" > 4, δ′2"s"("n") is a good approximation to "r"′2"s"("n").
Again, "s" = 1 requires a special formula:
If "s" is a multiple of 4,
If "s" is twice an odd number,
If "s" is an odd number and "s" > 1,
Therefore,
Sums.
Let
Then for ,

</doc>
<doc id="5884036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884036" title="Ace (Bob Weir album)">
Ace (Bob Weir album)

Ace was the first solo album by Grateful Dead rhythm guitarist Bob Weir, released in 1972.
Its origins come from an offer by the Dead's Warner Bros. Records label to have band members cut their own solo records, and it came out the same year as Jerry Garcia's "Garcia" and Mickey Hart's "Rolling Thunder". However, in the case of "Ace", Weir's backing band was essentially the Dead itself (minus Ron "Pigpen" McKernan), and all songs except "Walk in the Sunshine" became concert staples of the Dead.
"Greatest Story Ever Told" and "Playing In The Band" also appear on Hart's "Rolling Thunder", as "The Pump Song" and "The Main Ten" respectively, both of which were also sung by Weir.

</doc>
<doc id="5884037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884037" title="2006 reasons of the Supreme Court of Canada">
2006 reasons of the Supreme Court of Canada

The table below lists the reasons delivered from the bench by the Supreme Court of Canada during 2006. A total of 59 judgments were published. The table illustrates what reasons were filed by each justice in each case, and which justices joined each reason. This list, however, does not include reasons on motions.
The Globe and Mail remarked that this year was the lowest number of judgments released in at least 25 years. It was noted that this appears to be a part of a similar trend seen in the US Supreme Court and House of Lords.

</doc>
<doc id="5884042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884042" title="Astrosoniq (band)">
Astrosoniq (band)

Astrosoniq (sometimes spelled A5tro5oniq) is a band from Oss, the Netherlands. They are also known as the "wizards of Oss."
All of their album covers feature hair growing out of skin. Sometimes a woman, sometimes a man, or sometimes a circle of flesh surrounded by hair. [http://devildollrecords.com/E_Store/product_info.php?cPath=21_29&products_id=110]
Musical style.
Their musical style is characterized by extremely psychedelic guitar riffs which always push the boundaries of normal rock. The result is stoner rock with a space flavor. "Astrosoniq knows no musical bounds, and there's no sonic trip too far out for them."[http://www.astrosoniq.com/bio.php] They integrate sound clips from old movies, Wonder Woman episodes and other sources. Most continue the themes of fantasy and space, but some discuss the music itself.
Musical influences.
The band cites classic heavy rock artists as their influences, which can be seen in the heavy guitar riffs and drums. However, the band has progressed light years past the style of legendary bands, such as Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, Hawkwind, Funkadelic, Thin Lizzy and KISS.
Line-up.
Willum Geerts does the artwork for the band.
Bidi is their manager.

</doc>
<doc id="5884045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884045" title="Gazeta Sot">
Gazeta Sot

Gazeta SOT is a daily newspaper published in Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="5884046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884046" title="Benedetti">
Benedetti

Benedetti is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5884049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884049" title="Aneurysmal bone cyst">
Aneurysmal bone cyst

Aneurysmal bone cyst, abbreviated ABC, is an osteolytic bone neoplasm characterized by several sponge-like blood or serum filled, generally non-endothelialized spaces of various diameters. 
Etymology.
The term is a misnomer, as the lesion is neither an aneurysm nor a cyst. 
Causes.
Aneurysmal bone cyst has been widely regarded a reactive process of uncertain etiology since its initial description by Jaffe and Lichtenstein in 1942. Many hypotheses have been proposed to explain the etiology and pathogenesis of aneurysmal bone cyst, and until very recently the most commonly accepted idea was that aneurysmal bone cyst was the consequence of an increased venous pressure and resultant dilation and rupture of the local vascular network. However, studies by Panoutsakopoulus "et al." and Oliveira "et al." uncovered the clonal neoplastic nature of aneurysmal bone cyst. Primary etiology has been regarded arteriovenous fistula within bone.
The lesion may arise de novo or may arise secondarily within a pre-existing bone tumor, this is because of the abnormal bones changes in hemodynamics. An aneurysmal bone cyst can arise from a pre-existing chondroblastoma, a chondromyxoid fibroma, an osteoblastoma, a giant cell tumor, or fibrous dysplasia. A giant cell tumor is the most common cause, occurring in 19% to 39% of cases. Less frequently, it results from some malignant tumors, such as osteosarcoma, chondrosarcoma, and hemangioendothelioma.
Pathology.
Histologically, they are classified in two variants. 
According to Buraczewski and Dabska, the development of the aneurysmal bone cyst follows three stages.
They can also be associated with a "TRE17"/"USP6" translocation.
Aneurysmal bone cysts may be intraosseous, staying inside of the bone marrow. Or they may be extraosseous, developing on the surface of the bone, and extending into the marrow.
Clinical features.
The afflicted may have relatively small amounts of pain that will quickly increase in severity over a time period of 6–12 weeks. The skin temperature around the bone may increase, a bony swelling may be evident, and movement may be restricted in adjacent joints.
Spinal lesions may cause quadriplegia and patients with skull lesions may have headaches.
Sites.
Commonly affected sites are metaphyses of vertebra, flat bones, femur and tibia. Approximate percentages by sites are as shown:
Diagnosis.
On a radiograph, well-defined, expansile, lytic lesion is observed. Expansion of cortex gives the lesion a balloon-like appearance. Larger lesions may appear septated
Differential diagnosis.
Following conditions are excluded before diagnosis can be confirmed: 
Treatment.
Curettage is performed on some patients, and is sufficient for inactive lesions. The recurrence rate with curettage is significant in active lesions, and marginal resection has been advised. Liquid nitrogen, phenol, methyl methacrylate are considered for use to kill cells at margins of resected cyst.
Prognosis.
Recurrence rate of solid form of tumour is lower than classic form.
Epidemiology.
It is common in age group of 10-30 years. It is second most common tumor of spine and commonest benign tumor of pelvis in pediatric population. Incidence is slightly more in males than females (1.3:1).
References.
Missing references

</doc>
<doc id="5884065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884065" title="Pierre Bertrand">
Pierre Bertrand

Pierre Bertrand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884066" title="Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh">
Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh

The Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh is a diocese in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. Geographically, it encompasses several counties in Western Pennsylvania, and its cathedral is located in downtown Pittsburgh. It was formed in 1865 by dividing the Episcopal Diocese of Pennsylvania. Dorsey McConnell was ordained and consecrated as its current bishop in the fall of 2012.
Early history.
The Diocese of Pittsburgh covers the southwestern corner of Pennsylvania and includes the current counties of Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler, Cambria, Fayette, Greene, Indiana, Somerset, Washington, and Westmoreland. In the mid-18th century this rich transmontane area drew the first Indian traders, exploring surveyors, military men and later settlers, many of whom were at least nominal Anglicans primarily from Maryland, eastern Pennsylvania, and Virginia.
The earliest penetration of the southwest corner of the state, then sparsely populated with Indians, was made by Episcopalians who set up posts in the 1740s along the Allegheny, Youghiogheny and Ohio rivers. Maryland surveyor Christopher Gist crossed the mountains to survey large claims of the best farm land. On Christmas Day in 1750, Gist read Prayers and delivered a homily to Indians and traders near what is now the town of Coshocton.
Young George Washington, already a Virginia vestryman, was guided by Gist when he came west to warn the French to withdraw from this region claimed by the British. The French's refusal to leave led to invasion and capture of the tiny stockade built by Virginians at the future site of Pittsburgh in 1754. Washington read the burial office from the 1662 Prayer Book in 1755 when British churchman General Edward Braddock, fatally wounded while attempting to drive the French from Fort Duquesne at the Forks, was carried back over Chestnut Ridge and buried in the middle of the wagon tracks of US 40 in Fayette County. The successful 1758 campaign of British churchman General John Forbes marked the end of French control of the region.
When the first new migrating settlers arrived in the 1760s, there were no settled Episcopal clergy. Laity read Morning Prayer, mainly in farm cabins but sometimes at Fort Burd or Fort Pitt, or in public houses as those were established. Before the American Revolution there were no organized Episcopal churches left anywhere in this corner of the state. Some of the more dedicated laity maintained Prayer Book worship in their homes until after the first convention of 1789, but they kept no records, elected no vestries, and built no houses for worship. From then until the 1820s, the leadership of the scattered congregations established was mainly in the hands of the few early ministers who sought ordination as Episcopalians and rode wide itinerant circuits
The first known Episcopal services led by ordained clergy were conducted by the Rev. Francis Reno. In 1794 he officiated alternately at Pittsburgh and Chartiers.
Other clergy resident in this western third of what was then Diocese of Pennsylvania included Robert Ayres, a Methodist ordained in 1789, residing at Brownsville, Fayette County; and Joseph Doddridge, a Methodist ordained in 1792, residing in Independence, Washington County. John Taylor, raised in Ireland and originally a Presbyterian, was ordained to the Episcopal ministry in 1794. He moved to Washington County in 1797 to teach school, and was soon invited to lead a small congregation in Pittsburgh.
In 1865, the Episcopal Diocese of Pennsylvania was divided, and the western part became known as the Diocese of Pittsburgh. John Barrett Kerfoot was the first bishop of the diocese, which then included 24 counties and 28 parishes. In 1910 approval was granted for the division of the Diocese of Pittsburgh into two dioceses, and the northern part became the Diocese of Erie (now the Diocese of Northwestern Pennsylvania). The Diocese of Pittsburgh took its current shape, covering the nine counties of southwestern Pennsylvania.
History.
The Diocese of Pittsburgh was a theologically conservative diocese within the Episcopal Church. Bishop Robert Duncan in particular had a prominent role in the conservative position within the national church. In 2003, he and a group of other conservative bishops walked out of General Convention after the House of Bishops approved Gene Robinson's election as Bishop of New Hampshire. In January 2004, Duncan was elected the first moderator of the Anglican Communion Network.
In 2003, Calvary Episcopal Church in East Liberty sued the diocese and Bishops Duncan and Scriven specifically over actions taken by a special convention the diocese held after the Episcopal Church's 2003 General Convention. At the special convention, the diocese had passed a resolution that asserted that all property of individual parishes belonged to the parishes themselves, rather than to the diocese. In the suit, Calvary claimed that the diocese could not take such an action, as it violated the Dennis Canon which states that parish property is held in trust for the diocese and the national church. The parties signed a court-approved settlement in October 2005. The settlement confirmed that all diocesan property would remain the property of "The Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh of the Episcopal Church U.S.A." even if a majority of parishes left the Episcopal Church. It also created a process by which the diocese agreed to make decisions about property and assets should a congregation wish to leave the diocese.
On November 2, 2007, the Diocese of Pittsburgh voted to change its constitution to remove accession to the constitution and canons of the Episcopal Church. The vote was 118 to 58 in the lay order and 109 to 24 in the clergy order. As a result of this action, a September 18, 2008, session of the House of Bishops deposed Bishop Duncan from ordained ministry on charges of abandoning the communion of the church.
To take effect, however, constitutional changes require votes at two successive annual conventions, and at its annual convention on October 4, 2008, 119 of 191 lay deputies and 121 of 160 clergy deputies voted on the second reading of constitutional changes intended to facilitate withdrawal from the Episcopal Church. In additional votes, canonical changes were approved that were intended to move the diocese into the Province of the Southern Cone. This is similar to what happened in the Episcopal Diocese of San Joaquin in 2007.
Reorganization.
One member of the diocese's Standing Committee, the ecclesiastical authority in the absence of a bishop, remained in the Episcopal Church. That member, the Rev. James Simons, appointed two additional members to the Standing Committee and informed Presiding Bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori of the situation. On October 9, 2008, the Presiding Bishop acknowledged the reorganized Standing Committee as the legitimate ecclesiastical authority of the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh.
Bishop David Jones, a suffragan bishop of the Diocese of Virginia, began serving as a consulting bishop on October 23 to assist the diocese in its rebuilding efforts. A special meeting of the diocesan convention was held on December 13. Twenty-seven congregations actively participated in the convention. The convention voted unanimously to reject the recent canonical changes and affirm the diocese's communion in the Episcopal Church. The Rt. Rev. Robert Hodges Johnson, the retired Bishop of Western North Carolina, accepted the call to serve as assisting bishop and to lead the diocese, for the near term. At the October 2009 convention, the Episcopal Diocese approved the call of Bishop Kenneth Price of Southern Ohio as provisional bishop.
On October 5, 2009, a Pennsylvania court ruled that the diocese in communion with the Episcopal Church is the legal successor, and on October 29, the rival diocese announced it had changed its name to the Anglican Diocese of Pittsburgh.
Calvary Episcopal Church had returned to court in December 2006 asking for enforcement of the stipulation paragraph guaranteeing that diocesan property would remain with a diocese in the Episcopal Church. Following the 2008 diocesan convention, the Episcopal Diocese and the Episcopal Church joined in that legal action. In October 2009, the Commonwealth Court ruled that all diocesan property belonged to the Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh that was part of the Episcopal Church. In January 2010 the court received a schedule of property including an investment portfolio of over $20 million and the deeds to 49 properties including 22 occupied by congregations participating in the Anglican Church of North America. The Commonwealth Court of Appeals affirmed the award of property February 2011 and refused to reconsider its ruling in March 2011.
The same day that the Commonwealth Court of Appeals issued its opinion, the Episcopal Diocese announced it had reached a property settlement with St. Philip's Church, Moon Township. One week later they announced a second settlement with Somerset Anglican Fellowship. On October 9, 2012 a third congregation announced a unique settlement with the Episcopal Diocese in which the diocese invested its equity in the building in the ministry to homeless veterans that constitutes the focus of Shepherd's Heart Fellowship. Shepherd's Heart remained a member of the Anglican diocese.
Trinity Cathedral was shared by both the Anglican diocese and the Episcopal diocese until December 2011, when the cathedral chapter voted to align only with the Episcopal Diocese. In 2012 three of the parishes that originally chose to participate in the Anglican diocese resumed participation in the Episcopal Diocese. A fourth parish returned in 2013. Since the court decision ten Anglican congregations whose property was included in that decision have returned their buildings to the Episcopal Diocese and found other quarters. The diocese is rebuilding congregations at three of those buildings, plus one re-opened empty building recovered in the court decision. At the end of 2013 the diocese had 37 parishes and slightly over 9000 baptized members.

</doc>
<doc id="5884073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884073" title="Fantasy General">
Fantasy General

Fantasy General is a hex-based fantasy game published by Strategic Simulations in 1996. Its structure was taken from the computer wargame "Panzer General" with some modifications to the base system. It was the second in the Five Star General series. It allows gaming against other human players by email.
Overview.
"Fantasy General" is a turn-based game situated in a high fantasy world. The player can play either a single scenario against a computer or human opponent or a campaign. There are two sides, Good and Evil, each with unique units, though they share unit equivalents.
In campaign mode, the player selects one of four heroes and sets out to defeat the Shadowlord and his four generals, evil counterparts to the heroes. It concludes with the liberation of four continents and final defeat of the Shadowlord at the Fire Isle.
Gameplay is based on a traditional hex map, with a wide variety of units available. "Fantasy General" is an operational-level game. Unlike "Panzer General", where units represent battalion-size groups, "Fantasy General" units approximate squads, with most units consisting of fifteen soldiers, though some (e.g. heroes, mechanical forces) represent single entities.
Units.
There are four unit categories: Mortal, Magical, Beast and Mechanical. Non-mortal units are usually stronger, but cannot be upgraded and will eventually become obsolete as the player researches new units.
In Campaign mode, the player allocates gold toward researching new grades of units. Units range in grade from 0 to 5, though not all categories of units have a unit available for every grade. Mechanical units, for example, are only available in grades 0, 1, 3, and 5.
Units are further divided into classes. The classes are Heavy Infantry, Light Infantry, Skirmishers, Cavalry, Light Cavalry, Archers, Bombardiers, Sky Hunters, Siege Engines, and Spell Casters. There are Mortal units available from grades 0 to 5 for every class. Other unit categories vary, though every category has Heavy Infantry, Cavalry, and Sky Hunter units available.
Music.
The soundtrack to Fantasy General was composed by Rick Rhodes and Danny Pelfrey and featured soprano Marisa Lenhardt. The game's music featured original settings of Strife is O'er, the Dies Irae, the Easter sequence Victimae Paschali Laudes, Let All Mortal Flesh Keep Silence, Dona Nobis Pacem and two works by Johann Sebastian Bach, Komm, süßer Tod, komm selge Ruh and Wir essen und leben.

</doc>
<doc id="5884078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884078" title="Eubulus (poet)">
Eubulus (poet)

Eubulus (, "Euboulos") was an Athenian "Middle Comic" poet, victorious six times at the Lenaia, first probably in the late 370s or 360s BC ("IG" II2 2325.144; just before Ephippus)
According to the "Suda" (test. 1), which dates him to the 101st Olympiad (i.e. 376/2) and identifies him as "on the border between the Middle and the Old Comedy", he produced 104 comedies and won six victories at the Lenaia. An obscure notice in a "scholium" on Plato (test. 4) appears to suggest that some of his plays were staged by Aristophanes’ son Philippus. He attacked Philocrates, Callimedon, Cydias, and Dionysius the tyrant of Syracuse.
Eubulus's plays are chiefly on mythological subjects and often parodies other tragic poets, especially Euripides.
Surviving work.
150 fragments (including three "dubia") of his comedies survive, along with fifty-eight titles: 
The standard edition of the testimonia and fragments is found in Kassel-Austin, "Poetae Comici Graeci" Vol II; Kock numbers are outdated and should no longer be used. Richard L. Hunter offers a careful study of Eubulus’ career and the fragments of his plays in "Eubulus: The Fragments" (Cambridge, 1983).

</doc>
<doc id="5884079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884079" title="Bangkok Dangerous (2008 film)">
Bangkok Dangerous (2008 film)

Bangkok Dangerous is a 2008 crime thriller film written and directed by the Pang Brothers, and starring Nicolas Cage. It is a remake of the Pangs' 1999 debut "Bangkok Dangerous", a Thai film, for which Cage's production company, Saturn Films, purchased the remake rights.
Known by its working title, "Big Hit in Bangkok", and also as "Time to Kill", it began filming in Bangkok in August 2006. The film was financed by Initial Entertainment Group, with Lionsgate Films acquiring its North America distribution rights. The film was released in North America on September 5, 2008.
Plot.
After completing a hit in Prague, contract killer Joe (Cage) goes to Bangkok for an assignment, to kill four people for Bangkok ganglord Surat. Joe occasionally provides insight via voiceover narration throughout the film. He hires a local pickpocket, Kong, as his go-between in Bangkok, a condition of the contract being that the gang will never meet Joe. Contracts from the Bangkok gangsters are passed to Kong one by one via a nightclub dancer, Aom.
Joe's first execution in Bangkok is done on motorcycle; when the target car stops at a red light, Joe kills all the passengers with a machine pistol. Kong retrieves information about the second target, again via Aom, and the pair become friendlier with every contact. Joe's second target is a sex trafficker who buys young girls from impoverished parents. Joe sneaks into the target's penthouse and drowns him in his pool. Unsatisfied with Kong's assistance, Joe contemplates killing him, but, after a brief confrontation, he instead decides to act as Kong's mentor.
Midway through the movie, Joe meets Fon, a deaf pharmacist, with whom he becomes intrigued after a brief consultation. Joe later returns to the pharmacy to invite Fon out for dinner. Soon after Joe falls for Fon and meets her mother. The affair is cut short when he shoots and kills two assailants in Fon's presence. Blood splatters on Fon, and she runs off, trembling and traumatized by the violent deaths. Feeling betrayed Fon cannot forgive Joe and it appears that their relationship is over. 
Before the third kill, the gang attempts to identify Joe, and he warns them off. For the third execution, Kong assists Joe. The kill does not go as planned, and the target nearly gets away. Joe catches and shoots him after a boat chase in front of many shocked onlookers.
Before beginning his last mission Joe visits Fon, presumably to say goodbye. She initially ignores him but as Joe begins to drive away she runs after his car. 
His fourth target is the Prime Minister of Thailand. Joe is about to make the kill when he has second thoughts, is spotted, and escapes through a panicking crowd. Meanwhile the Gang has abducted Aom and Kong with plans to execute them. Joe, now a target, is attacked at his house by four gang members. He uses explosives to take them out and is faced with the choice of rescuing Kong or leaving the country unharmed. Joe decides to rescue Kong, so he sets off to the gang's headquarters with one of the half-alive attackers.
Joe goes to the gang's headquarters, kills most of the gang, and saves Kong and Aom. The fearful gang leader flees to his car with three other accomplices. Joe spots him and shoots the gang members. Joe gets into the back seat with Surat, the gang leader. As the police arrive at the location, Joe realizes he has only one bullet. He puts his head adjacent to Surat's, puts the gun up to his temple and pulls the trigger, killing himself and Surat.
Production.
The original film's main character is a deaf hitman, whose disability makes him a fearless, unflinching gunman. That character has been changed in the remake.
"We'd like to keep him the same, but we understand that from a marketing point of view Nic needs to have some lines," Oxide was quoted as saying in the "New York Times". "So what we’re going to do is transform his girlfriend instead into a deaf-mute. This switch will maintain the drama of communication between the two main characters."
The Soi Cowboy entertainment district was among Thai locations used for filming.
Release.
Box office.
The film grossed US$42,487,390, of which $15,298,133 was from the US. However, the film grossed US$7.8 million on its opening weekend making this the first film since "" to debut at number 1 with such a low gross. Lionsgate distribution topper Steve Rothenberg said, "It will be a nicely profitable film for us." When compared to the film's $45 million budget, "Bangkok Dangerous" was a box office disappointment.
Home media release.
"Bangkok Dangerous" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on January 6, 2009. As of December 1, 2009, 760,178 units have been sold, gathering US$15,058,164 in revenue.
Alternate ending.
An alternate ending to the theatrical version shows that before Joe is about to kill himself, Kong arrives in a car to rescue him. Joe then gives money to Kong and leaves.
Reception.
The film received mostly negative reviews. As of April 7, 2013, the film has a 9% approval rating based on 94 reviews from critics at the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, with its site summary saying: "With murky cinematography, a meandering pace, a dull storyline and rather wooden performances, the Pang Brothers' Hollywood remake of "Bangkok Dangerous" is unsuccessful." At the website Metacritic, which utilizes a normalized rating system, the film earned a rating of 24 out of 100 based on 16 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="5884085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884085" title="Bando Electronic Systems">
Bando Electronic Systems

Bando Electronic Systems Co, Ltd. (hangul:반도일렉트로닉시스템스) is a South Korean musical instrument, music engineering, electronics company. headquartered in Nakwon-Dong Jongno-gu Seoul, Korea. It is a music and electronic stand, music and electronic accessory, musical instrument products. corporate as manufactured based on Seongsu-Dong Seongdong-gu Seoul, Korea. and Korea's first stand in engineering and electronics manufacturer. by brand name is Bando Stand. The "Bando Electronic Systems Co, Ltd" CEO is Kang Kyeong ho (강경호) & CFO is Jeong In Nyeom (정인념).

</doc>
<doc id="5884091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884091" title="Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund">
Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund

The Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund (abbreviated RMV) is the transport network of the Frankfurt Metropolitan Area in Germany. Its head office is located in Hofheim im Taunus. It is currently the second largest transport network in terms of area covered (coming 2nd to the Verkehrsverbund Berlin-Brandenburg) and was the largest in the world at the time of its foundation in 1995.
The RMV is a transportation association operated by 15 counties, 11 independent cities and the Bundesland of Hesse. Its area covers large parts of Southern Hesse, Central Hesse and parts of Eastern Hesse. The "Frankfurter Verkehrsverbund" (FVV), covering the Rhine-Main area, was incorporated into the RMV.
It manages investment in and fares for the Frankfurt U-Bahn and the Rhein-Main S-Bahn.

</doc>
<doc id="5884114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884114" title="Heart of Cash">
Heart of Cash

Heart of Cash is the 29th overall album released by country singer Johnny Cash in 1968 (see 1968 in music). In essence, it is a compilation album, though a handful of new recordings were included. Three songs from the album became moderately successful singles, while a version of "Girl in Saskatoon" was released on "Personal File" in 2006. The album has not been released on CD.
Charts.
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5884121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884121" title="Registered Teacher Programme">
Registered Teacher Programme

The Registered Teacher Programme (RTP) is a programme in England and Wales for non-graduates to complete a degree, and gain Qualified Teacher Status. The programme is designed for people that have completed two years of higher education, and have gained a qualification such as a Higher National Diploma or Foundation degree. 
To be on the Registered Teacher Programme, a person is required to work in a school as an unqualified teacher, usually for two years. The minimum wage for a person on the programme is £15,461, with the school getting a grant of £9,100 from the Training and Development Agency for Schools to help towards the cost of employment.

</doc>
<doc id="5884131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884131" title="Gelli">
Gelli

Gelli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884142" title="Teusaquillo">
Teusaquillo

Teusaquillo is the 13th locality of Bogotá, capital of Colombia. It is located in the geographic center of the city, to the northwest of downtown. It is an urbanized locality with several green zones in its parks, avenues, and the campus of the National University of Colombia. It is located on the former site of an indigenous reserve known as Pueblo Viejo ("Old Village"), which existed until urbanization in the 20th century.
General information.
Area.
The total area of the locality is 14.19 square kilometres, making the locality at 11th of 20 in terms of size.
Borders.
"North": Calle 63, with the locality of Barrios Unidos
"South": Diagonal 22, Avenida El Dorado, and Avenida de Las Américas, with the localities of Los Mártires and Puente Aranda
"East": Avenida Caracas, with the localities of Chapinero and Santafé
"West": Avenida Carrera 68, with the localities of Engativá and Fontibón.
Hydrology.
The locality is located in the Salitre and Fucha river basins. The Simón Bolívar park system also includes several large lakes. Teusaquillo is also crossed by various canals, which form part of the rainwater-management system of Bogotá. They are extensions of streams that start in the eastern mountains.
Salitre River system: 
Fucha River system:
Topography.
Teusaquillo is relatively flat due to its location on the savannah of Bogotá. It slopes slightly to the northwest.
History.
Pre-Columbian, colonial, and post-colonial.
The name Teusaquillo, like the name of Bogotá itself, dates to pre-Columbian times. Similar to the city, the name corresponded to a different location that is located near to the present-day municipality of Funza. That, in turn, was known as Bacata and was the capital of the Chibcha Empire. Within that kingdom was Teivzaquillo, the summer home of the Zipa—the leader of the Muiscas of Bacata.
Located in the foothills of the Cordillera Oriental, it was discovered by Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada. It was conquered by the Spanish who founded the town of Nuestra Señora de la Esperanza on August 6, 1538, located in present-day La Candelaria. It was renamed Santafé in 1539 and was made the capital of Nueva Granada. At that time, the name Teivzaquillo fell out of use.
During the post-colonial period, the locality remained a rural area with a largely agrarian economy. It was known as Pueblo Viejo.
Modern times.
On September 7, 1902, Football Club opened the city's first football field in the Pueblo Viejo area and named it Teusaquillo, a Spanish translation of Teivzaquillo, as an homage to the indigenous Chibcha people who had lived in the area. That field saw the first game between Colombian football teams, the Red Team and the White Team—both belonging to Football Club. The following year, another field was built and named Marly. The area quickly became the capital city's football destination.
It was not until the 1920s that large-scale urbanization took place north of the Santa Fe neighborhood. As neighborhoods were constructed between Santa Fe and the still-small village of Chapinero, it was decided the area should be named Teusaquilo. The naming occurred in 1927 and the neighborhood quickly became one of the more modern and elegant of the era; a symbol of the city's flourishing after its fourth century of existence.
The neighborhood saw new architectural tendencies, especially the English Victorian style. Many of these buildings exist to the present day. It was considered the most fashionable neighborhood in Bogotá, a title that was passed to the Chicó neighborhood around 1985. Many notable Colombians lived there during its prime, including Jorge Eliécer Gaitán, Enrique Santos Montejo, Laureano Gómez, Gustavo Rojas Pinilla, and Mariano Ospina Pérez
Construction on the National University began in May 1937 and was completed in 1945. In 1938, construction of El Campín football stadium was begun on land donated by Luis Camacho Matiz. It was reconstructed in 1951 to hold 40,000 and is the current home of the city's Millonarios and Independiente Santa Fe football clubs. Also in 1938, the area played host to the Bolivariano Games.
In 1961, work began on Simón Bolívar park. Included in the park land are several recreational centers, including a covered colesseum, a tennis center, and a smaller football stadium.
In 1972, the Special District of Bogotá was formed out of the Cundinamarca Department and the city was split into 16 localities. The Teusaquillo neighborhood and its surroundings were named the 13th zone of the capital city and its official borders were set.
With the visit of Pope John Paul II in 1986, a national shrine was built near the site of Pope Paul VI's 1968 visit to Colombia. These two visits make the locality the place most-visited by the papacy in all of Colombia.
The Special District of Bogotá became the Capital District with the ratification of the constitution of 1991. Teusaquillo was made a locality as part of this transition.
Today.
El Campín Stadium was remodled again in 2000 for the World Cup qualifiers and the 2001 Copa América. It was expanded to hold 48,310 spectators.
Additions were also made to Simón Bolívar Park, including:
Teusaqillo was briefly a center of relocation for demobilized members of the Self-Defense Forces of Colombia, who were given a living stipend and placed in several unoccupied houses throughout the eastern part of the locality. This led to concern from the residents of the largely middle-class, residential area, and confrontations between the largely unemployed former fighters and their neighbors. After a bomb was set off on July 15, 2005 in front of one of these houses, injuring three residents, the program was ended and the ex-paramilitaries moved to other locations.
Population.
In the census of 1973, Teusaquillo had 127,521 inhabitants. Growth was slow over the next decade, and by 1985 the number was 132,501. By the time of the 1993 census, the population had dropped to 126,125 people, but the 1990s saw a population boom to 149,189. As of 2005, the locality was home to 157,884, making up 2.5% of the total urban population of the city.
Economy.
While primarily a residential area, the locality has various commercial centers focusing on services and entertainment. The government and education sectors are among the largest employers in the area.
Transportation.
The locality is served by the following major roads: Avenida Carrera 68, Calle 63, Diagonal 53, Carrera 24, Avenida El Dorado, Avenida NQS, and Avenida Caracas. All of these routes are well served by various fleets of private busses that run throughout all of the city.
It has two major bridges: one over NQS at Calle 63 and a more complex crossing at Avenida Carrera 68 leading into Engativá. There is also a large traffic circle at the border with Barrios Unidos, on which the Virgilio Barco Library and the Aquatic Complex are located.
The TransMilenio has two lines passing through the locality on Avenida Caracas and Avenida NQS serving nine stations.
The locality has an extensive bike-path network, with over 5 km within Simón Bolívar Park alone. A rail line crosses it and runs along Avenida NQS to the north.
Points of interest.
While the major points of interest are Teusaquillo's parks and recreation centers, it is also home to several government departments. Included in these are the National Citizenship Registry ("Registraduria Nacional"), the National Statistics Department ("DANE - Departamento Nacional de Estadíistica), the National Administration Center, the Solicitor General ("Fiscalía General de la Nación), the Ministries of Education and Defense, and the Government of Cundinamarca department.
The Embassy of the United States of America takes up several city blocks of the Quinta Paredes neighborhood. One of the top-five US embassies in terms of size, it is an important employer in the area.
Centro Ferial de Convenciones, or CORFERIAS, is the largest exposition center in the country. With a large arch at its entryway, it serves as one of the city's cultural and commercial centers. Its uses include the International Book Fair, artisan expositions, and Bogotá largest polling station during elections.
Teusaquillo's parks are home to several festivals, including November's Rock in the Park festival and August's Summer Festival. The majority of the city's large concerts are held in the locality in three main venues: El Campín, the Sports Palace, and the parks.
Museo Gaitan - Dedicated to the leftist political leader Jorge Eliecer Gaitan assassinated in 1948. The museum contains information on his life, and Gaitan is buried on the premises.
El Parkway - A two-kilometer park.
Neighborhoods.
The most important neighborhoods in the locality are:<br> Teusaquillo, La Magdalena, La Soledad, Cundinamarca, Palermo, Marly, Galerías, El Campín, Nuevo Campín, Quesada, Belalcázar, Nicolás de Federman, Rafael Nuñez, Ciudad Universitaria, Acevedo Tejada, Quinta Paredes, Centro Antonio Nariño, La Esmeralda, Pablo VI, Quirinal, San Luis, Simón Bolívar, Ortezal, Camavieja, Ciudad Salitre Oriental y CAN (Centro Administrativo Nacional).
The city government splits the locality into six Zonal Planning Units ("Unidades de Planeación Zonal" or "UPZ"). They are as follows, with year 2000 populations:
UPZ Parque Central is one of three UPZ in which Simón Bolívar is contained. UPZ Parque El Salitre is the portion of the park that lies in the Barrios Unidos locality, and UPZ Jardín Botánico is in Engativá locality.
The neighborhood known as Ciudad Salitre is also made up of three UPZ, with only UPZ Ciudad Salitre Oriental located within Teusaquillo. The western part of this neighborhood is officially part of the Fontibón locality.

</doc>
<doc id="5884143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884143" title="Denise Pence">
Denise Pence

Denise Pence is an American actress, who began her career on Broadway as a gypsy dancer in the Michael Kidd production of "The Rothschilds" and "Pippin", directed by Bob Fosse. She and her husband, Director, Steve Boockvor, were immortalized in "A Chorus Line" as "Al" and "Kristine" 
Pence went on to appear in the film, "Jesus Christ Superstar" directed by Norman Jewison, appeared briefly in Threesome, a movie of the week for CBS.
Born in Texas, Pence moved to New York to pursue a career as an actress and dancer. She moved into the Rehearsal Club and lived there for a number of years before receiving her first big break.
Pence is probably best known for her role as "Katie Parker," R.N., on the soap opera "Guiding Light" appearing as a contract player from June 1977 through April 1985.
She subsequently went on to appear in Irma La Douce at the now defunct Darien Dinner Theater. Other roles include: "Connie" in Come Blow Your Horn opposite Lyle Waggoner (Wonder Woman's husband), "Lina Lamont" in Singing in the Rain at Theater by the Sea, RI, and "Ms Cratchett" and "Tesse Tura" in , directed by Stephen Schwartz at Candlewood Playhouse, CT.
Although known as an actress, Pence also devotes time to produce, working on projects such as VintAGE: Celebrating Women Artists Over 40 for the Women in Arts & Media Coalition and Union Women @ Work: Inspiration in Motion for Equity's Equal Employment Opportunity Committee, both in New York. Her work with The Rehearsal Club Alumnae Association, has served to launch the writing of a new musical and the production of a documentary and two books about the life and times of living in this legendary residence.

</doc>
<doc id="5884145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884145" title="Sampo (film)">
Sampo (film)

Sampo () is a Russian and Finnish language 1959 joint Finnish and Soviet production based loosely on the events depicted in the Finnish national epic Kalevala. A significantly edited version called The Day the Earth Froze was released internationally. This version was later featured in the American series "Mystery Science Theater 3000".
Plot.
The people of Kalevala are a peaceful hard working people, they have everything they need and want bar the mystical Sampo, a magical mill which will make grain, salt and gold and give prosperity to whoever possesses it.
The only person in Kalevala able to make a Sampo is the smith Ilmarinen, however he cannot make it until his sister Annikki has fallen in love. Annikki eventually falls in love with the young hard working Lemminkäinen.
All is not perfect however. There is a dark dismal land called Pohjola ruled over by a wicked witch called Louhi, and she wishes for a Sampo, but her wizards are unable to forge one. Louhi is advised that only Ilmarinen is able to forge a Sampo. Louhi sends her enchanted cloak to bring Annikki to Pohjola as ransom.
Lemminkäinen runs to Ilmarinen to inform him that his sister has been taken and vows to return her, Ilmarinen agrees to come with him and they set off on a boat constructed of an ancient oak tree.
On arrival Louhi demands they complete a simple task each, Lemminkäinen is asked to plow a field of snakes, which he does with the aid of a steel horse made by Ilmarinen.
The final task is set to Ilmarinen; he is to forge a Sampo. He sets to work and, after some failed bargaining for another task, and with the aid of the trolls of Pohjola on the bellows and the fire from heaven itself, he forges a beautiful Sampo, which immediately begins to make gold, grain and salt.
Lemminkäinen and Ilmarinen are reunited with Annikki and they set sail for Kalevala. Lemminkäinen is upset when he is informed that the people of Kalevala will never be able to reap the benefits of the Sampo and dives into the sea to swim back and recover it.
Back in Pohjola, Lemminkäinen releases the mist from the prison Louhi has placed it in and it covers the whole land. When the mist clears the Sampo has gone and Lemminkäinen is on a boat heading back to Kalevala. His boat is wrecked on the ocean surface when Louhi orders that the wind be set free, and the Sampo is destroyed and Lemminkäinen presumed lost.
Lemminkäinen manages to swim back to Kalevala and manages to return a small piece of the Sampo, which Väinämöinen announces will bring great prosperity and joy to the people of the land. Lemminkäinen and Annikki marry and a great feast and dance is arranged. However, Louhi, angry at the betrayal, comes to Kalevala and steals their sun. Returning it to Pohjola, she locks it in a deep mountain cave.
As Kalevala is plunged into perpetual darkness things look very bleak. However, Lemminkäinen is still hopeful, he asks Ilmarinen to forge a new sun, which he begins work on. But wise old Väinämöinen informs him it's futile and that they must go to Pohjola and recover the sun by force. Väinämöinen tells the people this battle will be fought using kantele and not bladed weapons. The people of Kalevala prepare by cutting trees and bringing all precious metals to Ilmarinen to forge the strings.
When the two people (Kalevala and Pohjola) meet on a frozen lake for battle, Väinämöinen begins playing and the trolls of Louhi begin to drift to sleep. Louhi tries in vain to get them to fight, but she fails and her trolls fall down unconscious. Louhi then sends her magic cape to kill the people of Kalevala but it is beaten down into a hole in the ice. Lemminkäinen marches up to the mountain which contains the sun, and Louhi turns herself into stone in fear. Lemminkäinen slices the stone door of the mountain open with his sword, releasing the sun to shine over the lands of Kalevala.
The film ends with scenes of the people of Kalevala looking to the bright sky in wonder and happiness.
Deleted and edited scenes in the US version.
The US version "The Day the Earth Froze" had its credits heavily altered: the original credits were replaced with English language titles. For example, Ptushko was credited as 'Gregg Sebelious', Andris Oshin was listed as 'Jon Powers', and Eve Kivi was listed as 'Nina Anderson'.
The film was reduced in length by 24 minutes from the versions released in other countries. This difference can be explained by the cutting out of the scenes involving Lemminkainen's death and resuscitation by his mother.
The first missing scene depicts Lemminkäinen confronting Louhi and her trolls, being escorted to the Sampo and standing in awe. While he is in awe of the Sampo's beauty he is murdered by a serpent bite and thrown into the sea.
The second missing scene shows Lemminkäinen's mother searching for her son, asking a birch tree, the mountain path and the sun. She then walks across the sea to Pohjola and confronts Louhi, who tells him he has left his tribesmen behind. Lemminkäinen's mother refuses to believe this and Louhi reluctantly tells her the truth. Lemminkäinen's mother asks the gods for help and Lemminkäinen is washed up on the shore, she carries him back to Kalevala. Upon arrival Lemminkäinen's mother rubs soil into his lips and the birch tree gives her its sap, then the Sun glows brightly and Lemminkäinen is restored to life.
Production.
Each scene in the film was shot 4 times total (using two cameras), as the film was produced in both Finnish and Russian (with dialogue dubbed afterwards) and in both standard and anamorphic widescreen aspect ratios. The film used the Sovcolor color film process. Sampo was the first Finnish film to feature surround sound, with 4 channels.
The Finnish version has been released on DVD in 2014. It was restored by Finnish National Audiovisual Institute in 2014 to digital 4K format.
The Russian version has not been released on video tape or DVD.
Mystery Science Theater 3000.
Episode 422 of "Mystery Science Theater 3000", produced in the 1992-93 season, featured "The Day the Earth Froze". Though the movie does explain what a Sampo is, the "MST3K" characters are talking during the explanation, and miss it, and are therefore none the wiser. After a Sampo is made, however, one of the jokes indicates that the characters finally understand. In Episode 506, "Eegah", they receive a letter from a fan which includes a photograph of a portable television set with the brand name "Sampo." The Sampo was thus thrust into modern-day Internet folklore as a terribly important and useful artifact which nobody understands the importance or use of.

</doc>
<doc id="5884148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884148" title="Baladi">
Baladi

Baladi (Arabic: بلدي / ALA-LC: "baladī"; nisba-adjective meaning "native", "indigenous", "of the country", "rural", comparable to English "folk", with a lower-class connotation) can refer to an Egyptian musical style, the folk style of Egyptian bellydance (Raqs Baladi), or the Masmoudi Sogheir rhythm, which is frequently used in baladi music. It is also sometimes spelled in English as 'beledi'.
In Arabic, the word baladi does not only apply to music and dance, and can also apply to many other things that are considered native, rural, rustic or traditional, for example 'baladi bread'. It is also applied to kinds of food and mostly to fruits and vegetables.
Baladi music.
Baladi music is an urban folk style, which developed from traditional Egyptian musical styles in the early 20th century, as large numbers of people migrated to Cairo from rural areas. The sounds of the accordion and saxophone are hallmarks of baladi music - both are Western instruments that have been adopted by Egyptian musicians and modified to play Arabic scales.
Baladi can take the form of traditional songs, often with a verse-chorus structure - some popular examples include 'Taht il Shibbak' and 'Hassan ya Koulli'. There is also an improvised musical form in the baladi style.
Baladi Improvisation.
This is a structured form of musical improvisation, most usually between a tabla player and an accordionist or saxophonist (although occasionally the ney may be the primary instrument). It is sometimes referred to as a baladi taqsim, ashra baladi, or a baladi progression.
A baladi taqsim consists of a number of distinct sections. Each section has a traditional structure, and the ordering of the sections follows a loose pattern, although this is not always followed. The musicians will not generally include all of the possible sections, but will choose some of them to build a structure for the piece.
Most baladi improvisations will begin with an instrumental solo (taqsim) by the primary instrument. Following this, there is usually a call and response between the instrument and the drummer, flowing into a slow rhythmic section. Further call and response sections and quicker rhythmic sections may follow. The middle part of the piece may include melodies from popular songs, or a section in the Saidi style. The final section is normally the 'tet', which has a quick tempo, and staccato accents on the off-beat.
Raqs Baladi.
Raqs baladi is the folk/social form of bellydance. It is more stationary than raqs sharqi, with little use of the arms, and the focus is on hip movements. Baladi dance has a 'heavy' feeling, with the dancer appearing relaxed and strongly connected to the ground. It is performed to baladi or folk music.
Typical costuming for performances of this dance style is a long dress covering the midriff, which may be plain and traditional, or heavily embellished. Traditionally, a baladi dress would resemble a theatrical version of traditional Egyptian clothing. The most common version has a straight skirt with side slits, long sleeves which may be slit to the elbows, and a scooped or shirt-style neckline. Striped fabrics or tulle bi-telli are popular. A sash may be worn around the hips, and a headscarf is often also worn. A baladi-style performance may include the use of sagat, or the dancer may perform with a cane (assaya).
Fifi Abdou, one of the legends of 20th-century Egyptian bellydance, is often described as a baladi-style dancer.
'Baladi' rhythm.
In the West, the Masmoudi Sogheir ('small Masmoudi') rhythm in Arabic music is often referred to as 'baladi', because it is commonly used in baladi music. This is somewhat misleading, as there are several other rhythms commonly found in the baladi style (including Maqsoum, Saiidi and Fellahi), and this rhythm is also found in other musical styles.
The basic structure of the baladi rhythm, played on the darbuka, is as follows:
What is perhaps the most common beledi version is more correctly called Masmoudi Saghir ("small masmoudi") as it is really a masmoudi contracted into 4/4 time. The drummer has freedom to “fill” in between these stressed beats as he/she sees fit to interpret the music. A common fill is:
Baladi fruits and vegetables.
In some middle eastern countriess, in the markets, some fruits and vegetables are sold and announced as "baladi" products, i.e. native, natural, fresh, un-cultivated and un-engineered fruits or vegetables, as opposed to the other kinds of fruits and vegetables.

</doc>
<doc id="5884153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884153" title="Chris Armstrong">
Chris Armstrong

Chris Armstrong or Christopher Armstrong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884157" title="Łukasz Kuropaczewski">
Łukasz Kuropaczewski

Łukasz Kuropaczewski was born in Poland, in 1981. He started playing the guitar at the age of 10. Since 1992 his musical education was conducted by Professor Piotr Zaleski from Poland. In 2003 Łukasz entered the prestigious Peabody Conservatory of Music of the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, MD, USA, where he is still studying under the tutelage of renowned world famous musician – Manuel Barrueco.
Mr. Kuropaczewski has toured extensively in Europe, USA, Canada, South America and Japan. He has appeared in music centers in Poland, Czech Republic, Belarus, Germany, France, Spain, Hungary, Canary Islands, Iceland, Greece, England, Japan, Panama, Canada and the USA.
He has performed as a soloist in such halls and festivals as: National Philharmony Hall, National Polish Radio Hall in Warsaw, Poland; Royal Festival Hall in London, England; Cactus Pear Music Festival in San Antonio, TX, USA; Manuel Barrueco Masterclass in Baltimore, USA; Nurtingen Guitar Festival in Nurtingen, Germany; Gitarren Konzerte Ansbach in Ansbach, Germany; International Guitar Festival in Tychy, Poland to name only a few.
As a chamber musician he has performed with many Polish Orchestras, which include National Polish Radio Symphony Orchestra. He performed famous "Concierto de Aranjuez with this orchestra conducted by British conductor Mark Fitz-Gerald on a special "Last Night of the Proms" concert in Cracow, Poland. He has also performed Vivaldi Concerti and Boccherini Quintets with many string quartets. He has collaborated with musicians from Poland, Los Angeles Symphony Orchestra, Cleveland Orchestra and San Antonio Symphony Orchestra. Lukasz also maintains an active duo partnership with 
a virtuoso flutist Anastasia Petanova and the Baltimore Symphony Assistant Concertmaster Igor Yuzefovich
Mr. Kuropaczewski has recorded four CDs. "Łukasz Kuropaczewski - Recital", "Kuropaczewski plays Spanish Music", "Concierto de Aranjuez", "Łukasz Kuropaczewski: Portrait". All have received great critics from around the world.
In addition to his busy concert schedule he is also an active teacher. He gives masterclasses worldwide and assists Barrueco at the Peabody Concervatory, where he teaches guitar lessons and the repertorie class.
In 2007 Łukasz is scheduled to give many recitals in Poland, Germany, Spain, Canada, USA as well as at the prestigious Carnegie Hall in New York (22.10.) and at the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam, Netherlands (17.11.).
Łukasz Kuropaczewski plays Bogusław Teryks guitars.

</doc>
<doc id="5884160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884160" title="Dave Torbert">
Dave Torbert

Dave Torbert (June 7, 1948 – December 7, 1982) was a Bay Area musician, best known for his associations with the Grateful Dead and the New Riders of the Purple Sage. He played bass for the latter group, replacing Phil Lesh during the sessions for their first album. He also played on "Box of Rain", a song from "American Beauty", and on "Greatest Story Ever Told" from Bob Weir's solo album "Ace". Additionally, he was a founding member, with Matthew Kelly, of the band Kingfish. Torbert died of a heart attack in 1982.
Among the songs that Torbert wrote and sang lead with the New Riders were "California Day", "Contract", "Gypsy Cowboy", "Groupie", "On My Way Back Home", "It's Alright with Me", "Important Exportin' Man", and "Thank the Day".

</doc>
<doc id="5884162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884162" title="Lit">
Lit

Lit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884176" title="Vasastan">
Vasastan

Vasastan or Vasastaden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884181" title="Iosif Constantin Drăgan">
Iosif Constantin Drăgan

Iosif Constantin Drăgan (; June 20, 1917 – August 21, 2008) was a Romanian and Italian businessman, writer and historian. In 2005, he was the second wealthiest Romanian, according to the Romanian financial magazine "Capital", having a wealth estimated at $850 million. According to the same financial magazine, in 2006, he became the wealthiest Romanian, at $ 1.3-1.6 billion.
Drăgan was involved in a series of controversies, including some alleged deals with the Securitate, his admiration of Romanian Fascist leader Ion Antonescu and being one of the main figures in the Protochronist current of Romanian historiography.
Biography.
Early life.
Born in Lugoj, he graduated from Law School at the University of Bucharest in 1938, and earned in 1940 a scholarship at the University of Rome, where he studied political science and economics, earning a Ph.D. in law. At the time, Drăgan was attracted to fascist ideals and the Iron Guard, representing a corporatist trend inside the latter. 
Drăgan explained his views on the Fascist Iron Guard in 1940 in the pro-Mussolini newspaper "Conquiste d'Impero" in two articles entitled "The Mistique of Codreanu's Legionnaires" and "Romanian Corporatism: Pieces of Legionnaire Doctrine". In 1987, based on these articles, the Italian magazine "Il Panorama" called him "a Legionnaire", but Drăgan sued them and won the trial, as they were not able to bring a proof that he was an actual member of the organization.
Business in Italy.
In 1941, he started a company which exported Romanian petroleum products to Fascist Italy. After World War II, in 1948, he established a gas distribution company in Italy, Butan Gas. After the war, with the Romanian Communist Party gaining power in Romania, he was not allowed for 30 years to return to Romania.
Protochronism and the relation with Ceaușescu.
In 1967, he started the "European Foundation Drăgan", a foundation which has the goal to promote the "values of the Romanian civilization". He is also the founder of two publishing houses ("Nagard" in Italy and "Europa Nova" in Romania), a privately owned university, "Universitatea Europeană Drăgan" (founded in 1991 in Lugoj), a TV station, a radio station ("Radio NovaFm") and a weekly newspaper ("Redeșteptarea") and a daily local newspaper ("Renașterea Bănățeană"), all in Romania. He also funded the construction, near Orşova, of the Statue of Decebalus, a 40-meter high statue that is the tallest rock sculpture in Europe.
He has written many historical works associated with the Protochronism nationalist movement in Romanian history, which was later promoted by Nicolae Ceauşescu's regime. Despite being a sympathiser of the Iron Guard, Drăgan became a semi-official collaborator of Ceaușescu and the Communist regime, and as a result, he had access to some documents never published before on Ion Antonescu, using them in a four volume-book which put him in a good light.
After 1989.
After the Romanian Revolution of 1989, it was alleged that he supported financially Eugen Barbu and Corneliu Vadim Tudor to launch their far right "România Mare" newspaper. Nevertheless, in 2008, Vadim denied that he got any funding from Drăgan. Together with Vadim Tudor, he was the founder of "Liga Mareșal Ion Antonescu" in 1990, later renamed to "Liga Mareșalilor" following the changes in the Romanian legislation which disallowed the praise of the pro-Nazi dictator. 
At age 78, Drăgan married Daniela Veronica Gușă, aged 22 at the time, the daughter of Ştefan Guşă, a Romanian Army General involved in the 1989 Revolution who died of cancer in 1994. Drăgan also has an older son, Mike Fink, born in 1971, who, in 2005, announced he could not contact by any means his father in the previous three years. "Ziua" reached the conclusion that Drăgan was being held captive by his younger wife and his business partners. However, he was seen dining in a restaurant only a few days later in Bucharest, together with his wife.
He died on August 21, 2008, at his house in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="5884206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884206" title="Wildlife tourism">
Wildlife tourism

Wildlife tourism can be an eco and animal friendly tourism, usually showing animals in their natural habitat. Wildlife tourism, in its simplest sense, is watching wild animals in their natural habitat. Wildlife tourism is an important part of the tourism industries in many countries including many African and South American countries, Australia, India, Canada, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Malaysia and Maldives among many. It has experienced a dramatic and rapid growth in recent years world wide and is closely aligned to eco-tourism and sustainable-tourism. 
Wildlife tourism is also a multi-million dollar industry offering customized tour packages and safaris.
Negative impacts.
Wildlife tourism can cause significant disturbances to animals in their natural habitats. The growing interest in traveling to developing countries has created a boom in resort and hotel construction, particularly on rain forest and mangrove forest lands. Wildlife viewing can scare away animals, disrupt their feeding and nesting sites, or acclimate them to the presence of people. In Kenya, for example, wildlife-observer disruption drives cheetahs off their reserves, increasing the risk of inbreeding and further endangering the species.
Direct impacts.
The effect that wildlife tourism will have on wildlife depend on the scale of tourist development and the behavior and resilience of wildlife to the presence of humans. When tourists activities occur during sensitive times of the life cycle (for example, during nesting season), and when they involve close approaches to wildlife for the purpose of identification or photography, the potential for disturbance is high. Not all species appear to be disturbed by tourists even within heavily visited areas.
Disturbing breeding patterns.
The pressures of tourists searching out wildlife to photograph or hunt can adversely affect hunting and feeding patterns, and the breeding success of some species. Some may even have long-term implications for behavioral and ecological relationships. For example, an increase in boat traffic has disturbed the feeding of giant otters in Manú National Park, Peru. Further disturbance to wildlife occurs when tourist guides dig up turtle nests and chase swimming jaguars, tapirs, and otters to give clients better viewing opportunities. On the shores of Lake Kariba in Zimbabwe, the number of tourist boats and the noise generated as disrupted the feeding and drinking patterns of elephants and the black rhinoceros - it is feared that further increases in boat traffic will affect their reproductive success.
Disturbing feeding patterns.
Artificial feeding of wildlife by tourists can have severe consequences for social behavior patterns. Artificial feeding by tourists caused a breakdown of the territorial breeding system of land iguanas on the South Plaza in the Galápagos Islands. Territories were abandoned in favor of sites where food could be begged from tourists, and this has had a negative effect on the breeding success of iguanas. Artificial feeding can also result in a complete loss of normal feeding behaviors. In the Galápagos Islands, overfeeding by tourists was so extreme that, when stopped, some animals were unable to locate their natural food sources. Similarly, until the early 1970s, the diet of some grizzly bears in Yellowstone National Park consisted, to a large extent, of food wastes left by visitors at park refuse sites. When these sites were closed, the bears showed significant decreases in body size, reproductive rate, and litter size.
Disruption of parent-offspring bonds.
Wildlife tourism also causes disruption to intra-specific relationships. Attendance by female harp seals to their pups declined when tourists were present and those females remaining with their pups spent significantly less time nursing and more time watching the tourists. There is also a risk of the young not being recognized, and being more exposed to predator attacks. A similar concern has been expressed over whale watching, whale calves normally maintain constant body contact with their mothers but, when separated, can transfer their attachment to the side of the boat.
Increased vulnerability to predators and competitors.
The viewing of certain species by wildlife tourists makes the species more vulnerable to predators. Evidence of this phenomenon has been recorded in birds, reptiles and mammals. Problems have occurred in breeding colonies of pelicans .
Positive impacts.
Habitat restoration by eco-lodges and other tourism operations.
Many owners of eco-accommodation or wildlife attractions preserve and restore native habitats on their properties
Conservation breeding.
Many wildlife parks (e.g. David Fleay Wildlife Park, Gold Coast, Australia) and zoos breed rare and endangered species as a major part of their activities, and release the progeny when possible into suitable habitat.
Financial donations.
Some wildlife tourism contributes monetary donations to conservation efforts e.g. Dreamworld, Gold Coast, has a display of Sumatran tigers, and money from visitor donations and from their 'tiger walk' goes to Sumatra to assist in-situ conservation of wild tigers.
Quality interpretation.
A good wildlife guide will impart a deeper understanding of the local wildlife and its ecological needs, which may give visitors a more informed base on which to subsequently modify their behaviour (e.g. not throw out plastic bags that may be eaten by turtles) and decide what poiltical moves to support.
Research and monitoring.
Some wildlife tourism operations contribute to monitoring of wildlife numbers or general research relevant to conservation
Anti-poaching.
Bringing tourists regularly into some areas may make it more difficult for poachers of large animals or those who collect smaller species for the black market

</doc>
<doc id="5884207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884207" title="List of German transport associations">
List of German transport associations


</doc>
<doc id="5884211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884211" title="KMKE">
KMKE

KMKE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884218" title="Litr">
Litr

In Norse mythology Litr (often anglicized as Lit, confer Icelandic "litur"), which means "colour", is a name borne by a dwarf and a giant.
A dwarf.
In Snorri Sturluson's "Gylfaginning" (49), Litr is kicked into Baldr's funeral pyre by Thor:
Litr is also listed as a dwarf in "Völuspá" (12).
A dwarf named Litr also appears in "Áns saga bogsveigis", where he is coerced by the protagonist Án to build him a bow.
A giant.
But in a stanza by Bragi Boddason quoted in Snorri's "Skáldskaparmál" (42) Litr is also mentioned in a kenning for Thor: "Lit's men's fight-challenger" (""Litar flotna fangboði""). Given that Thor is the enemy of giants, it is generally assumed that, in this kenning, Litr must refer to a giant. Litr is also a giant in one version of the poem about Thor by Þorbjörn dísarskáld, where the skald lists giants and giantesses killed by the god (but Litr only appears in one manuscript, the others mentioning Lútr instead).
This led John Lindow to suggest that there may have been originally only one Litr, a giant, for "it would not have been inappropriate for Thor to have killed a giant in some earlier version of the funeral of Baldr".

</doc>
<doc id="5884229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884229" title="Gran Premio di Milano">
Gran Premio di Milano

The Gran Premio di Milano is a Group 1 flat horse race in Italy open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Milan over a distance of 2,400 metres (about 1½ miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in June.
The event was established in 1889, and during the early part of its history it was contested over 3,000 metres. It was run over 2,600 metres in 1971, and it reverted to its former length the following year. It was cut to its present distance in 1974.
Records.
Most successful horse (2 wins):
Leading jockey since 1970 (2 wins):
Leading trainer since 1986 (2 wins):
Leading owner since 1986 (2 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="5884230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884230" title="Jerome Kitzke">
Jerome Kitzke

Jerome Kitzke (born 1955) is a composer who grew up along the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
History.
He received his B.F.A. from the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, and moved to New York City in 1984. In 1992 Kitzke formed his performing group Mad Coyote. His music has also been performed by the Milwaukee Symphony, the New Juilliard Ensemble, Essential Music, Present Music, Earplay, Zeitgeist, Guy Klucevsek, Margaret Leng Tan, and Kathleen Supové. Kitzke has received grants from the National Endowment for the Arts, American Music Center, Meet the Composer, ASCAP, and BMI. In 2004 and 2006 he vistied the Randolph School in Wappingers Falls, New York to compose music for their shows. He even put music to Allen Ginsberg's poem "Green Automobile". He is a quarter Persian.

</doc>
<doc id="5884231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884231" title="CJOY">
CJOY

CJOY is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 1460 AM in Guelph, Ontario. Its sister station is CIMJ-FM.
History.
Wally Slatter and Fred Metcalf opened Guelph's first radio station CJOY, on June 14, 1948 on 1450 kHz with 250 watts power, non-directional with transmitter using one tower in Guelph Township, Wellington County.
On April 1, 1960, CJOY moved to 1460 kHz powered at 10,000 watts day and 5,000 watts night (full-time) from a new site on the south half of a Lot in Puslinch Township, Wellington County. This required the use of four 164 foot (overall height) towers. The station had originally proposed to move to 1430 kHz with 5,000 watts but it was decided that 1460 kHz would provide a better service.
On July 26, 1972 CJOY-AM and FM received approval to move to new studios and offices at 75 Speedvale Avenue E where it continues to broadcast from today. In 1980, the transmitter site was updated and the FM station co-sited on the same property. The combined system uses three and one towers, designed by P.Eng George Mather. Only one other co-sited AM/FM site existed in Canada when this was done. On April 28, 1987 Kawartha Broadcasting Co. Ltd. (which was indirectly controlled by Paul Desmarais) purchased CJOY Ltd and the Galt Broadcsting Co. Ltd. (CJOY, CKLA-FM and by then AM96 Cambridge) from principals Wally Slatter and Fred Metcalf. Other partners in AM96 were Neil Stilman, Kay Metcalf, Nancy Slatter, Bill Dawkins and Larry Smith.
The corporate name changed to Power Broadcasting Inc. in 1989.
Wally Slatter, co-founder of CJOY, died on June 2, 1995. Partner Fred Metcalf died in February 1996. They were also the founders of the first cable TV system in Canada called 'Neighborhood TV' in Guelph (1952). Fred's interests moved into the growing cable TV market expanding to twenty cable operations which he sold to Maclean Hunter Ltd. in 1967. He was president of that company between 1977 and 1984.
Well-known broadcasting alumni of CJOY include Norm Jary, former Mayor of Guelph and broadcaster of New York Ranger Hockey, Gordie Tapp, Lloyd Robertson, Al Shaver, Bob Bratina, and Bob McAdorey. Bratina was on the air March 23, 1965 when the huge black-out occurred in North-Eastern North America. The station interrupted programming to provide emergency information, but the station manager insisted the commercials for the regular Italian Language program run as scheduled during the emergency broadcast.
The current owner is Corus Entertainment, who purchased the stations in 1999 from Power Broadcasting. The CRTC approved the deal on March 24, 2000. CJOY underwent major studio renovations in the fall of 2006 and the studios are completely digital. (AES 44.1 standard) The studio to transmitter radio link and processing was replaced with a digital system in early 2009, leaving only the exciter and transmitter as analog.
From the very start of the station, CJOY has been a vital part of the community. It provides live coverage of charity fundraisers, and 'on the spot' reporting of breaking news, weather, and sports. The station also sends out its CJOY Jeep Compass to do on-site, on-air live event coverage.
AM to FM.
On August 21, 2008, CJOY applied to move from the AM dial to the FM dial on 95.7 MHz. This application to move from the AM dial to the FM dial on 95.7 MHz was denied on January 23, 2009. On July 30, 2009, CJOY has yet again applied to convert to the FM dial, again at 95.7 MHz. CJOY's AM to FM application was once again denied on January 28, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5884232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884232" title="Vasastan, Gothenburg">
Vasastan, Gothenburg

Vasastan is a district in Gothenburg, Västra Götaland County, Sweden. While nearby Haga was a suburb for the working class with wooden houses Vasastan was built in stone in neo-renaissance and baroque style for the wealthy middle class. Vasastan was built in the latter half of the 19th century when the city expanded outside the city walls.

</doc>
<doc id="5884234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884234" title="Kurt Nielsen">
Kurt Nielsen

Kurt Nielsen (19 November 1930 – 11 June 2011) was a Danish tennis player. He was born in Copenhagen, and is the only Danish tennis player ever to have played in a Men's Singles final in a Grand Slam tournament.
Nielsen reached the singles finals of Wimbledon in 1953 (losing to Vic Seixas, having defeated Ken Rosewall in the quarterfinal) and 1955 (losing to Tony Trabert). Before this, he won the Boys' Singles at Wimbledon in 1947 (defeating Sven Davidson). Besides his successes at Wimbledon, he won the Boys' singles at the French Open, and reached senior quarterfinals in the French Open (twice) and the US Open.
With Althea Gibson, Nielsen won the US Open mixed doubles in 1957, thereby becoming the first Dane to have ever won a Grand Slam event as a senior. During his long career he won around 30 international titles, played 96 Davis Cup matches for Denmark (with a 53–43 record), and holds the record of having won the most Danish national tennis championships (50). Nielsen turned professional in 1960, and played on the pro circuit.
After ending his active career, Nielsen held numerous honourable positions in leading international tennis associations, as well as being supervisor and referee at many Grand Slam events. He was a commentator on the Danish version of the TV channel Eurosport until late 2006.
Nielsen was the grandfather of Danish tennis player Frederik Løchte Nielsen. He followed his grandfather and became the second Dane to win a Grand Slam tournament at the 2012 Wimbledon men's doubles.
Singles performance timeline.
The following lists main draw appearances for Grand Slam and pre-Open Era Professional Major tournaments only.
Note: 1 First round bye

</doc>
<doc id="5884241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884241" title="Tarmo Neemelo">
Tarmo Neemelo

Tarmo Neemelo (born 10 February 1982 in Paide) is an Estonian professional footballer, who plays in Estonian Meistriliiga, for JK Nõmme Kalju. He plays the position of striker and is also a member of the Estonia national football team.
Club career.
Tarmo Neemelo was born in Paide, Estonia. He began playing football in local club FC Lelle and was noticed by FC Flora Tallinn, one of the major clubs in Estonia. He did not manage to get into the first team and decided to move from Flora Tallinn to FC Kuressaare. He then moved to FC TVMK Tallinn in 2004.
In the 2005 season, for FC TVMK Tallinn, he scored 41 goals in 33 games, which put him in 12th place in the ESM Golden Shoe.
In 2006 he has moved to Sweden for the coming season, to potentially partner fellow striker Henrik Larsson at Helsingborgs IF. In the previous season, he scored 13 goals in 25 games for his club. He soon moved back to FC TVMK Tallinn though on a short loan spell to gain match practice. At the start of the 2007 Allsvenskan season, he was again loaned out to Superettan club GIF Sundsvall.
In February 2008, he signed a two-year contract with Finnish Veikkausliiga club MYPA. On 1 January 2009 joined to Belgian club S.V. Zulte Waregem, with teammate Eetu Muinonen, but he was often a substitute being a part of the starting eleven just twice. On 31 July 2009 S.V. Zulte Waregem officials released the Estonian forward by mutual consent, he returned to FC Levadia Tallinn.
When his contract ran out at Levadia after the 2010 season, he trained with JK Nõmme Kalju and joined the club on 7 February 2011 on a two-year contract, despite league rival FC Flora Tallinn's attempts to sign him as a replacement for Sander Post. He finished the season as the club's top league goalscorer with 22 goals in 32 matches.
Club career.
This statistic includes domestic league only
"Last update: 8 December 2013 "
International career.
For Estonia, Neemelo is capped 22 times, scoring 1 goal. He debuted internationally in 20 April 2005 against Norway in a friendly match. He scored his first and only goal on 28 May 2006 against Turkey also in a friendly match. That goal won the Silverball.

</doc>
<doc id="5884255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884255" title="Mahbubul Alam (author)">
Mahbubul Alam (author)

Mahbubul Alam, also spelled Mahbub-ul, (1898–1981), was a renowned Bengali author. He was born in Fatehpur, Chittagong, Bangladesh on May 1, 1898. His father was Moulavi Nasih Uddin and mother was Azimunnessa Begum. He was the second son of his parents. While he was pursuing his studies at Chittagong college, following the family tradition of early marriage, he married Julekha, who was a distant relative of his. On returning home Mahbub secured a job with the Government Registration Department and served until retirement in 1955 as an Inspector of Registrations. Mahbub's first wife died leaving seven children behind (three of whom died as infants), and Mahbub then married Rahela Khatoon, who gave birth to eleven children, and survived him by 26 years. On retirement, Mahbub took interest in social welfare and published a weekly newspaper, titled "Zamana" (meaning the current days), which he later on converted into a daily. Mahbub died in his own house at Kazir Dewry, Chittagong on 7 August 1981.
First World War.
In 1917 he recruited himself in the 49th Bengali Paltan, (which the British Raj in India raised on an emergency basis to send reinforcements to the allied forces fighting in the Middle East) of British Indian Army, thereby becoming one of the two Muslims who joined the First World War and then became famous as writer. The other person was the famous Bengali poet Kazi Nazrul Islam, later on to become the national poet of Bangladesh. Though Kazi Nazrul Islam didn't go beyond Karachi during the wartime, Mahbub went to the warfront. He served in the Signal Corps and Mahbub spent about three years at different stations in Mesopotomia (present day Iraq) before being finally released in 1920, when the Paltan was broken up.
Family background.
Mahbubul Alam was born in Khandaker family in Fatehpur, Chittagong. His father Moulavi Nasih Uddin was the youngest of three brothers (Sabih Uddin and Mali Uddin) was widely known as "Sodo Moulavi" (which means Youngest Moulavi in Chatgaya). Even though Moulavi Nasih Uddin was an Imam of a mosque, his progressive thinking and ultra moderate views were stunningly advanced for his era.
Works.
In Bangla prose, Mahbubul Alam is a writer of fiction and historian. His literary works were included in the curriculum of school level, secondary, higher secondary and graduation level Bengali Literature in Bangladesh.
Novels: 'Mofizon'(after the name of the heroin): Mahbub Ul Alam can be said to have written one novella, titled "Mofizon,"and one novel, "Momener Jabanbondi' Mofizon is on a theme of the suppressed libidinal instinct in human nature. This short fiction provides a bold treatment of feminine sexual arousal and suppression working simultaneously at a time when Bengali society was not ready for it. It was, therefore, criticized by the conservative section of the Muslim society, but Poet Sufia Kamal, a noted female contemporary writer of Mahbub's wrote very succinctly that everybody blamed ""Mofizon""but nobody understood Mofizon's pains. The superstitious male attitude towards marriage and women is also criticized in this novella. 
Momener JabanbandiMahbub's most well-known work, translated into English by Lila Roy as "The Confession of a Believer" is a novel—as the title suggests, on autobiographical elements—that portrays the central character as having gone through the continuous biting of the conscience mainly on moral grounds. As is Mahbub's habit to approach critical issues, the beginning of the novel contains a fictional discourse run by the child-protagonist about the existence of God. The later part of the novel shows the adult-protagonist as having overcome the temptation of seductive attractions from a married woman. This novel is rich in Mahbub's style of writing in bold, clear and precise sentences.
Short story collections.
"Tajia":(the name for the replica of Prophet's two grandsons' graves carried on vans in the streets by the mourning Muslims on the Ashura, 10th Muharram)is a collection of short-stories, which mainly deals with religious bigotry, whilePancha Anna"(meaning a co-mixture of themes), another volume, which has short stories dealing with supernaturalism, famine, domestic affairs and marriage. After his death, four volumes of humorous short stories were published, which are: 'Pradhan Otithi and Taza Singhi Macher Jhol (The chief guest and the gravy of the freshly cooked catfish), Rongberong" (Varieties, ""Paltan,"" (Warfront), and "Sat Satero" (multiplicities).
Other works.
'Paltan Jiboner Smriti'(Memories of the War Front) is the book with the publication of which in 1935 Mahbub arrived on the literary scene of the undivided Bengal. The book was first serialized in the monthly "Mohammadi" published from Kolkata, and it at once caught the attention of the readers for Mahbub's extraordinary verve in story-telling. Recollecting his days of war in Mesopotamia, Mahbub brings to life in bold humorous strokes his encounters with people in the kind of his Scottish boss, a lieutenant general, who presented him with a Robert Burns volume for his honesty, his co-mates and their pranks, cooks and guards of the camp, his sickness, the malaria epidemic in the quarters, and Iraqi date-tree gardens and their women. 
Gomf Sandesh (news about mustache)is a delightful reading, as all the stories in this book throw a mocking but serene blow at the complicated relationship between Muslims and Hindus in the Bengal society. This book proves that Mahbub's major forte as writer lies in creating humor at the most unsuspecting moment.
Bangalir Muktijudhdher Itibritta (the complete history of the Liberation War of the Bangalees)is a mammoth task drawing up a documentary history of the Liberation War that ended in the creation of Bangladesh. A 670-page long 4-volume history, this book, compiled over two years by an elderly Mahbub at the age of 73 to 75, is often considered as the first documented history on the subject. Mahbub visited hundreds of villages all over Bangladesh and interviewed several hundred people in order to collect information about the guerrilla warfare as well as the conventional war. 
Another book along this line, titled Bangaleer Samorik Oitijhya (The Military Tradition of the Bangalees), published recently contains unpublished writings of Mahbub as well as old entries from Paltan Jiboner Smriti.
Besides, under a UNESCO project, Mahbub produced a number of books describing the flora and fauna of the then East Pakistan (present day Bangladesh) and their habitat. These picturesque books on plants, birds and animals of Bangladesh are, unfortunately, not available now.
Award.
"Adamjee Award for Literature (1963)
Bangla Academy Award(1964)
President's Pride of Performance (1965)
"Ekushey Padak" for literature (1978)
Tours
Mahbub Ul Alam visited the United States of America for eight weeks as a state guest in 1959. While returning from there he also performed the Holy Hajj.
His American writer-friend Robert C. Hammock wrote a chapter on Mahbub in his book "Below the Llano Estakado."

</doc>
<doc id="5884261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884261" title="House of Deputies">
House of Deputies

The House of Deputies is one of the legislative houses of the bicameral General Convention of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. The other is the House of Bishops.
Membership.
Each diocese of the Episcopal Church, as well as the Navajoland Area Mission and the Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe, are entitled to representation in the House of Deputies by four clergy deputies, either presbyters or deacons, canonically resident in the diocese and four lay deputies who are confirmed communicants in good standing.
Each diocese chooses the manner in which deputies are chosen. They are generally elected by diocesan conventions. If a special meeting of the General Convention occurs, the deputies elected to the preceding General Convention continue to serve as deputies. If a vacancy occurs in a diocesan delegation, the diocese determines how a new deputy is chosen.
Officers.
President and vice president.
The House of Deputies elects a president from among its members as its presiding officer. The president can be of either order. Presidents are elected every three years, taking office at the adjournment of the General Convention at which they were elected and continuing until the adjournment of the following General Convention. Individuals can be elected for up to three consecutive terms. The president appoints an advisory council and a chancellor educated in secular and ecclesiastical law for advice and consultation. A vice president, who must be from a different order than the president, is also elected. In cases of resignation, death, or inability of the president, the vice president performs the duties of the office until a new president is elected.
The president since 2006 is Bonnie Anderson of the Diocese of Michigan. She is the second woman to hold this position, the first being Pamela P. Chinnis of the Diocese of Washington (D.C.) (1991–2000). The first layman to be elected to the office of President of the House of Deputies was former Supreme Court Justice Owen Roberts who served in that capacity in 1946. The office of vice president, as of February 13, 2010, is vacant following the ordination of former vice president Brian N. Prior as Bishop of Minnesota. According to precedent, the president will nominate a replacement at the next meeting of the House of Deputies in 2012.
Secretary.
The secretary of the House of Deputies is elected every three years by majority vote at the start of each General Convention. The secretary certifies deputies and keeps minutes and records of the house. In addition, the secretary also notifies the bishops and secretaries of every diocese to actions of General Convention, especially alterations to the "Book of Common Prayer" and the constitution of the Episcopal Church. If the offices of president and vice president become vacant during the triennium, the secretary performs the duties of president until the next meeting of General Convention. With the approval of the house, the secretary may appoint assistant secretaries.
At each regular meeting of General Convention, the secretary of the House of Deputies is by concurrent action of both houses made the secretary of the General Convention. In this capacity, the secretary oversees the publishing of the Journal of the General Convention. Gregory S. Straub was elected secretary of the House of Deputies and the General Convention in 2006.
Procedure.
In many cases, a simple majority vote of all deputies is sufficient for a motion to pass. However, the lay or clerical representation of any three dioceses may require a "vote by orders". In some cases, the constitution and canons require a vote by orders. In a vote by orders, the votes of the clerical and lay orders are counted separately. Each diocese has a single vote in each order and a majority of dioceses must vote in favor in each order for a motion to pass.

</doc>
<doc id="5884272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884272" title="Failure (The Posies album)">
Failure (The Posies album)

Failure is the debut album of The Posies. It was first released independently in 1988 on cassette only. In 1989 it was reissued on cassette, LP and CD in 1989 on PopLlama Records. Due to time playing time restrictions imposed by the LP manufacturer the band was forced to drop one song from the PopLlama LP edition. The CD version had no time restrictions and includes the same content as the cassette.
It was later remastered and reissued again in 2004 on Houston Party Records. "I May Hate You Sometimes" appears in "", and was also featured in the 2000 "Daria" telemovie "Is It Fall Yet?" as the ending-credits song.
Track listing.
All songs by Jon Auer and Ken Stringfellow.

</doc>
<doc id="5884285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884285" title="Capital Area Transit (Raleigh)">
Capital Area Transit (Raleigh)

"There is another bus system called Capital Area Transit in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania."
Raleigh CAT, or Capital Area Transit operates 43 public transit routes to serve the city of Raleigh, North Carolina.
History.
Early days.
Previous to the CAT system CP&L (Carolina Power & Light, now known as Progress Energy) provided public transit to the city, starting in 1886 with mule-drawn vehicles and covering routes in of central Raleigh. In 1891, the mule-drawn service came to an end, and the electric streetcar service began. The streetcars served several routes, covering about of the city. Due to rapid advances in automotive technology at that time, in 1933 all electric streetcar services ended, replaced by gasoline-powered buses. Ridership remained strong until the 1950s, when the popularity of private vehicles began to reduce transit ridership nationwide.
Current system.
In the mid- to late 20th century, CP&L ended its operation of transit services in the city, and the current publicly owned CAT system was created.
The Raleigh Trolley.
The Raleigh Trolley was created to attract people to the restaurants and clubs in downtown Raleigh at night. Using trolley-replica buses, the service originally linked Moore Square/City Market area to the Glenwood South entertainment district, but the route was altered to link Moore Square with the Progress Energy Center for Performing Arts after Progress Energy became a sponsor of the trolley service. In 2005, CAT purchased 2 new hybrid trolleys (first hybrid public transit vehicles ever to be used in North Carolina) to serve the trolley route. The Raleigh Trolley was quietly phased out, first serviced with regular CAT buses rather the trolley-replica buses, and then completely ended when the R-Line began service on February 13, 2009. Raleigh Parks and Recreation has Historic Raleigh Trolley Tours every Saturday in March through December. These tours depart from Mordecai Historic Park http://www.raleighnc.gov/mordecai.
The R-Line.
The R-Line - created to connect business in Downtown Raleigh with residents, employees, and visitors - began service on February 13, 2009. The route is served by three specially designed Hybrid-Electric buses, powered by bio-diesel fuel. The buses, operating in a counter-clockwise loop, stop at 20 specially designed bus-stops throughout Downtown Raleigh. Service frequency is every 12 minutes. In order to maximize frequency two buses operate on the circulator route at all times, while one bus serves as back-up in the event of mechanical failure.
Routes and services.
Hours and levels of operation.
CATs current service level is based upon year 2 of the 5-year plan. 
CAT currently operates 43 public transit routes (CAT also provides the vehicles for Triangle Transits Wake Forest Express, Zebulon - Wendell Express and Knightdale Express lines). During regular service hours (5:30 am – 7:00 pm Monday-Saturday) there are eighteen routes that serve Moore Square Transit Station, seven connector routes, which do not serve Moore Square Transit Station, and two express routes, one of which serves Moore Square Transit Station. CAT also operates the Wake Forest Loop route and the R-Line.
During the hours of 4:30 am – 5:30 am Monday-Saturday, 7:00 pm – midnight Monday-Saturday and 8:00 am – 8:00 pm Sunday, the number of routes serving the city is reduced to a total of five to eighteen routes depending on the day and time. 
Three additional routes (one serving downtown and two express from Park and Ride Lots) operate from 7:00 am to midnight during all the dates of the NC State Fair.
+ Some bus routes operate more or less frequently during these times
 Some bus routes operate more frequently during these times. Route 70e is designed as a job access route and operates from approximately 6:15 – 9:15 a.m., 3:10 – 6:10 p.m. and 7:30 – 10:30 p.m.
Some bus routes are combined and have their own name/number during extended hours (before 5:30 am and after 7:00 pm Monday through Saturday and all day Sunday), there is no time during the day where all 43 bus routes operate simultaneously. Some bus routes may only operate during early mornings only (4:30 am – 5:30 am), evenings only (7:00 pm – midnight), and/or Sundays only. Only a portion of the regular 27 CAT bus routes operate during extended hours.
Five-year plan.
In 2002, Capital Area Transit (CAT) spent $200,000 to hire consultants to come up with a five-year plan to improve public transit in the City of Raleigh, NC. At that time, most bus schedules were 10 years out of date. It wasn't until fiscal year 2006 that the city council gave CAT the additional funding needed to begin implementing year one of a five-year plan. At the start of the fiscal year 2007, Raleigh City Council gave CAT the additional funding need for year two of the five-year plan (which took effect on bus routes in January, 2007). 
Despite the city budget providing CAT additional funding for year three of the five-year plan for the fiscal year 2008 (July 2007-June 2008) and additional funding for year four of the five-year plan for the last quarter of the fiscal year 2009, these changes were never implemented because tax revenues have been lower than expected and the funds were not available.
The current city budget, for the fiscal year 2010 notes that "The FY 2010 budget represents the implementation of delayed transit services from last year... year three of the Transit Plan will begin January 2010 and will result in reduced headways on Route 15 Wake Med, a new route in Southeast Raleigh, and a series of other small service changes." However, the implementation of these changes continues to be delayed due to budget shortfalls.
At the present time, CAT is burdened with an overcrowded garage. CAT currently operates out of a garage originally designed for a maximum of 56 buses, which has been modified to hold CAT’s 98 buses. In May 2008, the North Carolina Board of Transportation awarded CAT with $3.5 million for 13 additional buses (which CAT received in June, 2009) and $2.8 million to purchase land and design a new administration building and garage, which will be located on off of Poole Road. Additionally, $7.6 million of stimulus money has been awarded to CAT towards the garage.
Funding.
For FY 2010, CAT's operating budget is $15,439,636, a 1% decrease from last fiscal years budget of $15,596,444. This ends a four-year streak in which CAT had seen an increase in funding to meet the demands of the five-year plan. Of CATs budget, $10,369,966 is from the city, with additional funding coming from the state, passenger Revenue (estimated farebox revenue for FY 2010 is $2,480,623, but it is unclear whether this includes bus pass sales or GoPass contracts, as in past city budgets this was seperted), and miscellaneous sources (such as grants and advertising).
Ridership.
According to the Raleigh City budget for the fiscal year 2010 ridership levels average over 14,000 each business day, up from 13,000 for the fiscal year of 2008, 11,000 in September 2005 (when gas prices began to climb after Hurricane Katrina), and 8,000 in the year 2002.
Response to the threat of terrorism.
There have been no serious terrorist threats or attacks on Raleigh public transit in the city's history, however, on May 4, 2007 a bomb threat was received at the CAT regional transit call center at about 9:00 am. Buses in the Triangle, including an estimated 55 CAT buses, were pulled over, evacuated, and searched. The caller indicated there was a bomb on an unspecified bus, although a Raleigh transit official said the caller mentioned numbers that did not match any CAT buses or routes. The bomb threat was cleared, but left buses operating after that time anywhere from 5 to 90 minutes behind schedule for the day.
Transit Watch is a new public awareness program launched by the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) in collaboration with the "Department of Homeland Security's" Transportation Security Administration (TSA). The program encourages people to be vigilant and watch for and report safety (e.g. strange smells, smoke, or other potential hazards) and/or security threats (such as abandoned bags or suspicious behavior) on public transit vehicles or public transit properties. The motto of this program is "If You See Something...Say Something." In early 2006 CAT joined the campaign.
Other transit services operating in Raleigh.
Accessible Raleigh Transportation.
Accessible Raleigh Transportation (ART), is the Americans with Disabilities Act mandated service that complements fixed route transit service. It serves residents living within 3/4 of a mile of a fixed bus route who are unable to use regular transit service due to a disability.
C-TRAN.
C-Tran provides one route that connects downtown Cary with western portions of Raleigh also served by a CAT bus route. Additionally, C-Tran provides paratransit service to residents of Cary traveling to Raleigh as well as public transit routes and paratransit in Cary.
Durham Area Transit Authority.
The Durham Area Transit Authority (DATA) operates one route that extends to the Brier Creek area of northwest Raleigh, in addition to its many routes serving the city of Durham.
Triangle Transit.
Triangle Transit (formerly the Triangle Transit Authority), is a regional transit service that connects Raleigh with neighboring cities, suburbs, Raleigh-Durham International Airport and Research Triangle Park. Triangle Transit also organizes a vanpool program serving the Research Triangle metropolitan region.
Wolfline.
The Wolfline operates nearly a dozen routes that serve the NCSU (North Carolina State University) community and surrounding areas in west Raleigh. In addition to serving NCSU students, faculty and staff, the Wolfline system is available for use by the general public.
Long distance transit services.
The city of Raleigh is served by Amtrak (rail service), RDU international Airport (air service), Carolina Trailways (bus service), Greyhound (bus service), Sky Express (bus service, direct to China Town, NYC), Tornado (bus service, targeting primarily the Hispanic population), and Jacksonville Airporter, Inc(bus service, between RDU and Jacksonville, NC)

</doc>
<doc id="5884286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884286" title="Cornish Guardian">
Cornish Guardian

The Cornish Guardian (founded 1901) is a weekly newspaper in Cornwall, England, UK, which is part of the Cornwall & Devon Media group. Its head office is in Truro and it is published in 7 separate editions:
In 2012, Local World acquired Cornwall & Devon Media owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="5884300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884300" title="Stefan Lundin">
Stefan Lundin

Stefan Lundin (born May 7, 1955) is a former Swedish football player and manager. He became the youngest manager in the "Allsvenskan" in 1982 when he took over at Gefle IF aged 27.
Career.
As player
As manager

</doc>
<doc id="5884314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884314" title="Robert Alexander Rankin">
Robert Alexander Rankin

Robert Alexander Rankin (27 October 1915 – 27 January 2001) was a Scottish mathematician who worked in analytic number theory.
Rankin's father, the Revd Oliver Shaw Rankin, was a minister who later became Professor of Old Testament Language, Literature and Theology in the University of Edinburgh.
Rankin was born in Garlieston, Wigtownshire, Scotland, attended Fettes College and graduated from Clare College, Cambridge in 1937. In Cambridge he was particularly influenced by J.E. Littlewood and A.E. Ingham. 
He was elected a fellow of Clare College in 1939, but his career was interrupted by the Second World War, during which he worked on rocketry research at Fort Halstead. In 1945 he returned to Cambridge, and then moved to the University of Birmingham in 1951 as Mason professor of mathematics. In 1954 he became Professor of Mathematics, Glasgow University, retiring in 1982.
He had a continuing interest in Srinivasa Ramanujan, working initially with G.H. Hardy on Ramanujan's unpublished notes. His research interests lay in the distribution of prime numbers and in modular forms. In 1939 he developed what is now known as the Rankin–Selberg method. In 1977 Cambridge University Press published Rankin's "Modular Forms and Functions". In his review, Marvin Knopp wrote:
In 1987 Rankin received the Senior Whitehead Prize from the London Mathematical Society.
He died in Glasgow in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5884317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884317" title="Carbylamine reaction">
Carbylamine reaction

The Carbylamine reaction is a chemical test for detection of primary amines. In this reaction, the analyte is heated with alcoholic potassium hydroxide and chloroform. If a primary amine is present, the isocyanide is formed.
For example, the reaction with ethylamine:
The reaction with aniline:
The carbylamine test does not give a positive reaction with secondary and tertiary amines.
References.
Carbylamine reaction

</doc>
<doc id="5884322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884322" title="Palaeeudyptes antarcticus">
Palaeeudyptes antarcticus

Palaeeudyptes antarcticus, also referred to as the narrow-flippered penguin, is the type species of the extinct penguin genus "Palaeeudyptes". It was a huge species, albeit probably with a large size variation. Although the size range can only be loosely estimated, the birds seem to have stood between 43 to 55 inches high in life ("i.e." somewhat larger than an emperor penguin), placing this species and its congener "Palaeeudyptes marplesi" among the largest penguin species known. It was the last known "Palaeeudyptes" species, and although the exact time when it lived is not precisely determined, it may have evolved from "P. marplesi", or they might even have been a single species which slightly decreased in size over time.
"P. antarcticus" was the first fossil penguin to become known to science. It was described from a single, slightly damaged, tarsometatarsus (BM A.1084) found in the Late Oligocene Otekaike Limestone (23-28, possibly up to 34 MYA) at Kakanui, New Zealand. An older date seems quite possible in fact as other bones have now been recovered from the Late Eocene (34-37 MYA) of the La Meseta Formation on Seymour Island, Antarctica (Tambussi "et al.", 2006), but given the considerable distances in age and range involved, it is not completely certain that the bones belong to a single species.
This remains the only fossil unequivocally assigned to this species, but numerous other bones have been found that may belong to it too. These fossils were once uncritically considered as being from "P. antarcticus", merely because other large penguins were not known at that time, but have not been subject to scientific review according to modern standards. While some of these bones are now known to belong to other species, a large number are not unequivocally assignable to either "P. antarcticus" or "P. marplesi", being intermediate in size (Simpson, 1971), lending support to the theory that these taxa were in reality a single species.

</doc>
<doc id="5884329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884329" title="Dramatic School (film)">
Dramatic School (film)

Dramatic School is a 1938 American romantic drama film directed by Robert B. Sinclair and starring Luise Rainer, Paulette Goddard, Alan Marshal, Lana Turner, and Gale Sondergaard. Based on the play "School of Drama" by Hans Székely and Zoltan Egyed, the screenplay was written by Ernest Vajda and Mary C. McCall. The film was produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Plot.
Aspiring actress Louise Mauban (Luise Rainer) attends the Paris School of Drama while working at a dreary factory job. Her fellow students begin to suspect that her stories of a luxurious life and her wealthy, handsome boyfriend, Marquis Andre D'Abbencourt (Alan Marshal), are just fantasies that she weaves to relieve her humdrum life. One of them, Nana (Paulette Goddard), maliciously invites Louise to her "birthday party", having arranged for Andre to attend. However, the plan backfires. Andre is enchanted by Louise and the lie turns into the truth. He showers her with gifts and takes her out every night.
Andre eventually becomes enamored of another woman and breaks up with Louise by letter. When Louise's friends show up, she tells them to take their pick of the fabulous clothes Andre has given her. However, to a late-arriving Nana, she shows the letter, as her "gift". Nana's heart is softened to her rival and they become friends.
Meanwhile, Madame Therese Charlot (Gale Sondergaard), an aging star and teacher at the school, is upset to learn from Monsieur Pasquel, Sr. (Henry Stephenson) that she will not get the leading role in a new play about Joan of Arc because she is no longer young enough. In her bitterness, she lashes out when Louise is late to class once again; she informs Louise that she will demand her expulsion. Louise follows her and, to Charlot's surprise, thanks her. Louise explains that she believes that to be a great star, she must suffer, as Madame Charlot herself had suffered early in her own career.
The next day, Louise defiantly returns to class. Madame Charlot announces that she has accepted another, more mature role in the play and recommended Louise for the lead. Louise gets the part and is a great success on opening night, receiving a standing ovation.
Box Office.
According to MGM records the film earned $433,000 in the US and Canada and $231,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $206,000.

</doc>
<doc id="5884335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884335" title="1957 NBA draft">
1957 NBA draft

The 1957 NBA draft was the 11th annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The draft was held on April 17, 1957 before the 1957–58 season. In this draft, eight NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players. Prior to the draft, the Fort Wayne Pistons and the Rochester Royals relocated to Detroit, Michigan and Cincinnati, Ohio, and became the Detroit Pistons and the Cincinnati Royals respectively. In each round, the teams select in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season. The draft consisted of 14 rounds comprising 83 players selected.
Draft selections and draftee career notes.
Rod Hundley from West Virginia University was selected first overall by the Cincinnati Royals. However, the Royals immediately traded his draft rights to the Minneapolis Lakers. Eight pick of the draft, Sam Jones from North Carolina Central University, have been inducted to the Basketball Hall of Fame. Woody Sauldsberry, who was selected in the eighth round, went on to win the Rookie of the Year Award in his first season. Jim Brown from Syracuse University was selected in the ninth round by the Syracuse Nationals, but he opted for a professional football career and eventually playing nine successful seasons in the National Football League (NFL). Brown was later inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered as one of the greatest professional football players ever.
Other picks.
The following list includes other draft picks who have appeared in at least one NBA game.

</doc>
<doc id="5884336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884336" title="CIMJ-FM">
CIMJ-FM

CIMJ-FM, or Magic 106.1, is a Canadian radio station based in Guelph, Ontario. Its sister station is CJOY.

</doc>
<doc id="5884338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884338" title="Batak pony">
Batak pony

The Batak Pony is a pony breed from Indonesia. Originating in Central Sumatra, it is thought to have descended from Mongolian Horse and Arabian blood, and has continually been infused with additional Arabian blood to improve its quality. The Batak is selectively breed by the Indonesians, and is often used to upgrade the quality of the horses and ponies on nearby islands.
Characteristics.
The ponies are slender, but still strong and sturdy. In general, they are well-conformed, and most of their faults are partly to blame on the poor forage to which they have access. The only other breed of the country which is of better quality is the Sandalwood Pony. The ponies have a fine head with a straight or slightly convex profile. The neck is short and thin, the withers are prominent. The chest and frame are narrow, the back is usually long, and the quarters sloping. The tail is set and carried quite high. The Batak pony is considered a very willing breed, and is quite hardy. They usually average about 11.3 hh but may stand up to 13 hands, and are generally brown, but can be any color.
The Batak pony was once used as sacrificial animals for the gods, but is now employed in a less-gruesome occupation as a riding pony. The Arabian blood makes it spirited when needed, but the pony is generally quiet enough for children to ride, with an excellent temperament. Their speed also makes them popular for racing among the local population.
The Batak pony is one of eight breeds native to Indonesia, the others are the Gayoe, Deli pony, Bali Pony, Java Pony, Sumba and Sumbawa Pony (and closely related Sandalwood Pony) and Timor Pony. The Batak pony and the Deli pony are the most closely related.

</doc>
<doc id="5884341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884341" title="Osni Neto">
Osni Neto

Osni Purificação Neto (born April 16, 1979 in São Paulo) is a retired football (soccer) player from Brazil.
Playing career.
Before moving to North America, Neto had spells with Vasco da Gama and SE Palmeiras where he won the Copa do Brasil in 1998. He also played for the Brazilian U-20 national team.
Neto joined the Toronto Lynx from Inter de Limeira and debuted on April 29, 2006 versus the Vancouver Whitecaps. Neto played an important role for the Lynx: he scored their first goal of the season against the Portland Timbers and in total he scored 5 goals. When the Lynx dropped to the PDL he signed as a free agent for the Serbian White Eagles of the Canadian Soccer League for the 2007 season. With the Eagles, he appeared in sixteen games and scored 5 goals. He was released half-way through the season and signed for the New Jersey Ironmen of the MISL and retired from football in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5884364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884364" title="An Old Captivity">
An Old Captivity

An Old Captivity is a novel by British author Nevil Shute. It was first published in the UK in 1940 by William Heinemann.
Plot summary.
The principal character is a young Scottish pilot with bush-flying experience in Canada, Donald Ross, who is hired by an Oxford don, Cyril Lockwood, to pilot an air survey mission of Greenland. Lockwood's interest is in the early Viking seafarers and their exploits, and although he appears to have little knowledge of the needs of such a project, he insists on their starting as soon as possible, with his elder brother David, a businessman, providing finance.
Ross, as the hired expert, then has to contend with the 'helpful' suggestions from both the financier and Lockwood's young daughter, Alix. This causes early tensions in the preparatory stages.
While the preliminary dig is ongoing Ross shoulders much responsibility including keeping the aircraft safe in a tidal zone. Worn out with the expedition's work - all of which has fallen solely on him - and a prolonged lack of sleep induced by worry over the expedition, he enters a coma induced by the sleeping tablets he has been forced to take to keep going, and in it dreams that he and Alix were once Scottish slaves aboard Leif Ericson's vessel on its voyage of discovery to Greenland. A part of this dream includes the leaving behind by the two slaves of a stone, with their names carved on it, at the Viking explorers' landing point in North America.
Ross recovers and tells Alix and the don of his dreams. The last remnant of photographic survey is successfully completed, and the three complete their air crossing to North America, making landfall in eastern Canada. Flying down the coast towards New York Ross recognizes where he dreamed Lief Erickson's expedition landed on the coast of Cape Cod; they land to investigate and find the stone with the slaves' names on it.
The technical details of a trans-Atlantic flight of this period (late 1930s) are accurate and of interest. The type of aircraft is a fictional radial-engined floatplane intended for bush use, made by a fictional Detroit firm named Cosmos. It corresponds roughly to the performance of a Noorduyn Norseman.
This was Shute's first attempt at re-incarnation as a plot, a second later work on this theme is "In the Wet".

</doc>
<doc id="5884367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884367" title="Devarim (parsha)">
Devarim (parsha)

Devarim, D’varim, or Debarim ( — Hebrew for “words,” the second word, and the first distinctive word, in the parashah) is the 44th weekly Torah portion (, "parashah") in the annual Jewish cycle of Torah reading and the first in the book of Deuteronomy. It constitutes The parashah is made up of 5,972 Hebrew letters, 1,548 Hebrew words, and 105 verses, and can occupy about 197 lines in a Torah Scroll (, "Sefer Torah").
Jews generally read it in July or August. It is always read on "Shabbat Chazon", the Sabbath directly before "Tisha B'Av".
The parashah recounts how Moses appointed chiefs, the episode of the Twelve Spies, encounters with the Edomites and Ammonites, the conquest of Sihon and Og, and the assignment of land for the tribes of Reuben, Gad, and Manasseh.
Readings.
In traditional Sabbath Torah reading, the parashah is divided into seven readings, or , "aliyot". In the masoretic text of the Tanakh (Hebrew Bible), Parashah Devarim has no "open portion" (, "petuchah") divisions (roughly equivalent to paragraphs, often abbreviated with the Hebrew letter ("peh"), roughly equivalent to the English letter “P”), and thus can be considered one whole unit. Parashah Devarim has five subdivisions, called "closed portions" (, "setumah") (abbreviated with the Hebrew letter ("samekh"), roughly equivalent to the English letter "S"). The first closed portion (, "setumah") spans the first four readings (, "aliyot"), the fifth reading (, "aliyah") contains the next three closed portions (, "setumah"), and the final closed portion (, "setumah") spans the sixth and seventh readings (, "aliyot").
First reading.
The first reading (, "aliyah") tells how, in the 40th year after the Exodus from Egypt, Moses addressed the Israelites on the east side of the Jordan River, recounting the instructions that God had given them. When the Israelites were at Horeb — Mount Sinai — God told them that they had stayed long enough at that mountain, and it was time for them to make their way to the hill country of Canaan and take possession of the land that God swore to assign to their fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and their heirs after them.
Then Moses told the Israelites that he could not bear the burden of their bickering alone, and thus directed them to pick leaders from each tribe who were wise, discerning, and experienced. The first reading (, "aliyah") ends with 
Second reading.
In the second reading (, "aliyah"), Moses appointed the leaders as chiefs of thousands, chiefs of hundreds, chiefs of fifties, and chiefs of tens. Moses charged the magistrates to hear and decide disputes justly, treating alike Israelite and stranger, low and high. Moses directed them to bring him any matter that was too difficult to decide.
The Israelites set out from Horeb to Kadesh-barnea, and Moses told them that God had placed the land at their disposal and that they should not fear, but take the land. The second reading (, "aliyah") ends here.
Third reading.
In the third reading (, "aliyah"), the Israelites asked Moses to send men ahead to reconnoiter the land, and he approved the plan, selecting 12 men, one from each tribe. The scouts came to the wadi Eshcol, retrieved some of the fruit of the land, and reported that it was a good land. But the Israelites flouted God’s command and refused to go into the land, instead sulking in their tents about reports of people stronger and taller than they and large cities with sky-high walls. Moses told them not to fear, as God would go before them and would fight for them, just as God did for them in Egypt and the wilderness. When God heard the Israelites’ loud complaint, God became angry and vowed that not one of the men of that evil generation would see the good land that God swore to their fathers, except Caleb, whom God would give the land on which he set foot, because he remained loyal to God. Moses complained that because of the people, God was incensed with Moses too, and told him that he would not enter the land either. God directed that Moses’s attendant Joshua would enter the land and allot it to Israel. The third reading (, "aliyah") ends here.
Fourth reading.
In the fourth reading (, "aliyah"), God continued that the little ones — whom the Israelites said would be carried off — would also enter and possess the land. The Israelites replied that now they would go up and fight, just as God commanded them, but God told Moses to warn them not to, as God would not travel in their midst and they would be routed by their enemies. Moses told them, but they would not listen, but flouted God’s command and willfully marched into the hill country. Then the Amorites who lived in those hills came out like so many bees and crushed the Israelites at Hormah in Seir.
The Israelites remained at Kadesh a long time, marched back into the wilderness by the way of the Sea of Reeds, and then skirted the hill country of Seir a long time. The fourth reading (, "aliyah") ends here, with the end of the first closed portion (, "setumah").
Fifth reading.
In the fifth reading (, "aliyah"), God then told Moses that they had been skirting that hill country long enough and should now turn north. God instructed that the people would be passing through the territory of their kinsmen, the descendants of Esau in Seir, and that the Israelites should be very careful not to provoke them and should purchase what food and water they ate and drank, for God would not give the Israelites any of their land. So the Israelites moved on, away from their kinsmen the descendants of Esau, and marched on in the direction of the wilderness of Moab. The second closed portion (, "setumah") ends in the middle of 
God told Moses not to harass or provoke the Moabites, for God would not give the Israelites any of their land, having assigned it as a possession to the descendants of Lot. The Israelites spent 38 years traveling from Kadesh-barnea until they crossed the wadi Zered, and the whole generation of warriors perished from the camp, as God had sworn. concludes the third closed portion (, "setumah").
Then God told Moses that the Israelites would be passing close to the Ammonites, but the Israelites should not harass or start a fight with them, for God would not give the Israelites any part of the Ammonites’ land, having assigned it as a possession to the descendants of Lot.
God instructed the Israelites to set out across the wadi Arnon, to attack Sihon the Amorite, king of Heshbon, and begin to occupy his land. Moses sent messengers to King Sihon with an offer of peace, asking for passage through his country, promising to keep strictly to the highway, turning neither to the right nor the left, and offering to purchase what food and water they would eat and drink. But King Sihon refused to let the Israelites pass through, because God had stiffened his will and hardened his heart in order to deliver him to the Israelites. The fifth reading (, "aliyah") ends here, with the end of the fourth closed portion (, "setumah").
Sixth reading.
In the sixth reading (, "aliyah"), Sihon and his men took the field against the Israelites at Jahaz, but God delivered him to the Israelites, and the Israelites defeated him, captured all his towns, and doomed every town, leaving no survivor, retaining as booty only the cattle and the spoil. From Aroer on the edge of the Arnon valley to Gilead, not a city was too mighty for the Israelites; God delivered everything to them.
The Israelites made their way up the road to Bashan, and King Og of Bashan and his men took the field against them at Edrei, but God told Moses not to fear, as God would deliver Og, his men, and his country to the Israelites to conquer as they had conquered Sihon. So God delivered King Og of Bashan, his men, and his 60 towns into the Israelites’ hands, and they left no survivor. Og was so big that his iron bedstead was nine cubits long and four cubits wide.
Moses assigned land to the Reubenites, Gadites, and half-tribe of Manasseh. The sixth reading (, "aliyah") ends with 
Seventh reading.
In the seventh reading (, "aliyah"), Moses charged the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh that even though they had already received their land, they needed to serve as shock-troops at the head of their Israelite kinsmen, leaving only their wives, children, and livestock in the towns that Moses had assigned to them, until God had granted the Israelites their land west of the Jordan. And Moses charged Joshua not to fear the kingdoms west of the Jordan, for God would battle for him and would do to all those kingdoms just as God had done to Sihon and Og. The maftir () reading concludes the parashah with and concludes the fifth closed portion (, "setumah").
Ancient parallels.
The parashah has parallels in these ancient sources:
Inner-Biblical interpretation.
The parashah has parallels or is discussed in these Biblical sources:
Deuteronomy chapter 1.
Exodus and both tell the story of appointment of judges. Whereas in Moses creates the impression that he decided to distribute his duties, makes clear that Jethro suggested the idea to Moses and persuaded him of its merit.
Deuteronomy chapter 2.
Both and report the Israelites’ interaction with Edom and Moab. reports that the Israelites sent messengers to the kings of both countries asking for passage through their lands, but both kings declined to let the Israelites pass.
Deuteronomy chapter 3.
The blessing of Moses for Gad in relates to the role of Gad in taking land east of the Jordan in and In Moses commended Gad’s fierceness, saying that Gad dwelt as a lioness and tore the arm and the head. Immediately thereafter, in Moses noted that Gad chose a first part of the land for himself.
In classical rabbinic interpretation.
The parashah is discussed in these rabbinic sources from the era of the Mishnah and the Talmud:
Deuteronomy chapter 1.
The Mishnah taught that when fulfilling the commandment of to “assemble the people . . . that they may hear . . . all the words of this law,” the king would start reading at 
The school of Rabbi Yannai interpreted the place name Di-zahab () in to refer to one of the Israelites’ sins that Moses recounted in the opening of his address. The school of Rabbi Yannai deduced from the word Di-zahab that Moses spoke insolently towards heaven. The school of Rabbi Yannai taught that Moses told God that it was because of the silver and gold (, "zahav") that God showered on the Israelites until they said “Enough” (, "dai") that the Israelites made the Golden Calf. They said in the school of Rabbi Yannai that a lion does not roar with excitement over a basket of straw but over a basket of meat. Rabbi Oshaia likened it to the case of a man who had a lean but large-limbed cow. The man gave the cow good feed to eat and the cow started kicking him. The man deduced that it was feeding the cow good feed that caused the cow to kick him. Rabbi Hiyya bar Abba likened it to the case of a man who had a son and bathed him, anointed him, gave him plenty to eat and drink, hung a purse round his neck, and set him down at the door of a brothel. How could the boy help sinning? Rav Aha the son of Rav Huna said in the name of Rav Sheshet that this bears out the popular saying that a full stomach leads to a bad impulse. As says, “When they were fed they became full, they were filled and their heart was exalted; therefore they have forgotten Me.”
The Sifre read to indicate that Moses spoke to the Israelites in rebuke. The Sifre taught that Moses rebuked them only when he approached death, and the Sifre taught that Moses learned this lesson from Jacob, who admonished his sons in only when he neared death. The Sifre cited four reasons why people do not admonish others until the admonisher nears death: (1) so that the admonisher does not have to repeat the admonition, (2) so that the one rebuked would not suffer undue shame from being seen again, (3) so that the one rebuked would not bear ill will to the admonisher, and (4) so that the one may depart from the other in peace, for admonition brings peace. The Sifre cited as further examples of admonition near death: (1) when Abraham reproved Abimelech in (2) when Isaac reproved Abimelech, Ahuzzath, and Phicol in (3) when Joshua admonished the Israelites in (4) when Samuel admonished the Israelites in 1 Samuel and (5) when David admonished Solomon in 1 Kings 
A Midrash taught that and call the Euphrates “the Great River” because it encompasses the Land of Israel. The Midrash noted that at the creation of the world, the Euphrates was not designated “great.” But it is called “great” because it encompasses the Land of Israel, which calls a “great nation.” As a popular saying said, the king’s servant is a king, and thus Scripture calls the Euphrates great because of its association with the great nation of Israel.
Rabbi Samuel bar Nahmani, citing Rabbi Johanan, noted that in God told Moses, “Get you from each one of your tribes, wise men and understanding, and full of knowledge,” but in Moses reported, “So I took the heads of your tribes, wise men and full of knowledge.” Rabbi Samuel bar Nahmani thus concluded that Moses could not find men of “understanding” in his generation. In contrast, Rabbi Samuel bar Nahmani noted that 1 Chronicles reports that “the children of Issachar . . . had understanding.” Rabbi Samuel bar Nahmani noted that reports that Jacob and Leah conceived Issachar after “Leah went out to meet him, and said: ‘You must come to me, for I have surely hired you.’” Rabbi Samuel bar Nahmani thus concluded that a woman who solicits her husband to perform the marital obligation, as Leah did, will have children the like of whom did not exist even in the generation of Moses.
Rabbi Berekiah taught in the name of Rabbi Hanina that judges must possess seven qualities, and mentions three: They must be “wise men, and understanding, and full of knowledge.” And enumerates the other four: “Moreover you shall provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating unjust gain.” Scripture does not state all seven qualities together to teach that if people possessing all the seven qualities are not available, then those possessing four are selected; if people possessing four qualities are not available, then those possessing three are selected; and if even these are not available, then those possessing one quality are selected, for as says, “A woman of valor who can find?”
Interpreting the Rabbis taught in a Baraita that since the nation numbered about 600,000 men, the chiefs of thousands amounted to 600; those of hundreds, 6,000; those of fifties, 12,000; and those of tens, 60,000. Hence they taught that the number of officers in Israel totaled 78,600.
Rabbi Johanan interpreted the words “And I charged your judges at that time” in to teach that judges were to resort to the rod and the lash with caution. Rabbi Haninah interpreted the words “hear the causes between your brethren, and judge righteously” in to warn judges not to listen to the claims of litigants in the absence of their opponents, and to warn litigants not to argue their cases to the judge before their opponents have appeared. Resh Lakish interpreted the words “judge righteously” in to teach judges to consider all the aspects of the case before deciding. Rabbi Judah interpreted the words “between your brethren” in to teach judges to make a scrupulous division of liability between the lower and the upper parts of a house, and Rabbi Judah interpreted the words “and the stranger that is with him” in to teach judges to make a scrupulous division of liability even between a stove and an oven.
Rabbi Judah interpreted the words “you shall not respect persons in judgment” in to teach judges not to favor their friends, and Rabbi Eleazar interpreted the words to teach judges not to treat a litigant as a stranger, even if the litigant was the judge’s enemy.
Resh Lakish interpreted the words “you shall hear the small and the great alike” in to teach that a judge must treat a lawsuit involving the smallest coin in circulation (“a mere "perutah"”) as of the same importance as one involving 2 million times the value (“a hundred "mina"”). And the Gemara deduced from this rule that a judge must hear cases in the order that they were brought, even if a case involving a lesser value was brought first.
Rabbi Hanan read the words “you shall not be afraid of . . . any man” in to teach judges not to withhold any arguments out of deference to the powerful.
Resh Lakish (or others say Rabbi Judah ben Lakish or Rabbi Joshua ben Lakish) read the words “you shall not be afraid of the face of any man” in to teach that once a judge has heard a case and knows in whose favor judgment inclines, the judge cannot withdraw from the case, even if the judge must rule against the more powerful litigant. But before a judge has heard a case, or even after so long as the judge does not yet know in whose favor judgment inclines, the judge may withdraw from the case to avoid having to rule against the more powerful litigant and suffer harassment from that litigant.
Rabbi Eliezer the son of Rabbi Jose the Galilean deduced from the words “the judgment is God's” in that once litigants have brought a case to court, a judge must not arbitrate a settlement, for a judge who arbitrates sins by deviating from the requirements of God’s Torah; rather, the judge must “let the law cut through the mountain” (and thus even the most difficult case).
Rabbi Hama son of Rabbi Haninah read the words “the judgment is God's” in to teach that God views the action of wicked judges unjustly taking money away from one and giving it to another as an imposition upon God, putting God to the trouble of returning the value to the rightful owner. (Rashi interpreted that it was as though the judge had taken the money from God.)
Rabbi Haninah (or some say Rabbi Josiah) taught that Moses was punished for his arrogance when he told the judges in “the cause that is too hard for you, you shall bring to me, and I will hear it.” Rabbi Haninah said that reports Moses’s punishment, when Moses found himself unable to decide the case of the daughters of Zelophehad. Rav Nahman objected to Rabbi Haninah’s interpretation, noting that Moses did not say that he would always have the answers, but merely that he would rule if he knew the answer or seek instruction if he did not. Rav Nahman cited a Baraita to explain the case of the daughters of Zelophehad: God had intended that Moses write the laws of inheritance, but found the daughters of Zelophehad
worthy to have the section recorded on their account.
Rabbi Eleazar, on the authority of Rabbi Simlai, noted that says, “And I charged your judges at that time,” while similarly says, “I charged you Israelites at that time.” Rabbi Eleazar deduced that meant to warn the Congregation to revere their judges, and meant to warn the judges to be patient with the Congregation. Rabbi Hanan (or some say Rabbi Shabatai) said that this meant that judges must be as patient as Moses, who reports acted “as the nursing father carries the sucking child.”
A Baraita taught that when hedonists multiplied, justice became perverted, conduct deteriorated, and God found no satisfaction in the world. When those who displayed partiality in judgment multiplied, the command of “You shall not be afraid of the face of any man,” was discontinued; and the command of “You shall not respect persons in judgment,” ceased to be practiced; and people threw off the yoke of Heaven and placed upon themselves the yoke of human beings. When those who whispered to judges (to influence the judges in favor of one party) multiplied, the fierceness of Divine anger increased against Israel, and the Divine Presence ("Shechinah") departed, because, as Psalm teaches, “He judges among the judges” (that is, God abides only with honest judges). When there multiplied people of whom says, “Their heart goes after their gain,” there multiplied people who (in the words of ) “call evil good, and good evil.” When there multiplied people who “call evil good, and good evil,” woes increased in the world.
Resh Lakish interpreted the words “Send you” in to indicate that God gave Moses discretion whether or not to send the spies. Resh Lakish read Moses’ recollection of the matter in that “the thing pleased me well” to mean that sending the spies pleased Moses well but not God.
Rabbi Ammi cited the spies’ statement in that the Canaanite cities were “great and fortified up to heaven” to show that the Torah sometimes exaggerated.
Reading the words, “And how I bore you on eagles’ wings,” in the Mekhilta of Rabbi Ishmael taught that eagles differ from all other birds because other birds carry their young between their feet, being afraid of other birds flying higher above them. Eagles, however, fear only people who might shoot arrows at them from below. Eagles, therefore, prefer that the arrows hit them rather than their children. The Mekhilta compared this to a man who walked on the road with his son in front of him. If robbers, who might seek to capture his son, come from in front, the man puts his son behind him. If a wolf comes from behind, the man puts his son in front of him. If robbers come from in front and wolves from behind, the man puts his son on his shoulders. As says, “You have seen how the Lord your God bore you, as a man bears his son.”
The Mishnah taught that it was on Tisha B'Av (just before which Jews read parashah Devarim) that God issued the decree reported in that the generation of the spies would not enter the Promised Land.
Noting that in the incident of the spies, God did not punish those below the age of 20 (see ), whom described as “children that . . . have no knowledge of good or evil,” Rabbi Samuel bar Nahmani taught in Rabbi Jonathan’s name that God does not punish people for the actions that they take in their first 20 years.
Deuteronomy chapter 2.
Interpreting the words “You have circled this mountain (, "har") long enough” in Rabbi Haninah taught that Esau paid great attention to his parent ("horo"), his father, whom he supplied with meals, as reports, “Isaac loved Esau, because he ate of his venison.” Rabbi Samuel the son of Rabbi Gedaliah concluded that God decided to reward Esau for this. When Jacob offered Esau gifts, Esau answered Jacob in “I have enough (, "rav"); do not trouble yourself.” So God declared that with the same expression that Esau thus paid respect to Jacob, God would command Jacob’s descendants not to trouble Esau’s descendants, and thus God told the Israelites, “You have circled . . . long enough (, "rav").”
Rav Hiyya bar Abin said in Rabbi Johanan's name that the words, “I have given Mount Seir to Esau for an inheritance,” in establish that even idolaters inherit from their parents under Biblical law. The Gemara reported a challenge that perhaps Esau inherited because he was an apostate Jew. Rav Hiyya bar Abin thus argued that the words, “I have given Ar to the children of Lot as a heritage,” in establish gentiles’ right to inherit.
Rabbi Hiyya bar Abba, citing Rabbi Johanan, taught that God rewards even polite speech. In Lot’s older daughter named her son Moab (“of my father”), and so in God told Moses, “Be not at enmity with Moab, neither contend with them in battle”; God forbade only war with the Moabites, but the Israelites might harass them. In in contrast, Lot’s younger daughter named her son Ben-Ammi (the less shameful “son of my people”), and so in God told Moses, “Harass them not, nor contend with them”; the Israelites were not to harass the Ammonites at all.
Reading “And the Lord spoke to me, ‘Distress not the Moabites, neither contend with them in battle,’” Ulla argued that it certainly could not have entered the mind of Moses to wage war without God’s authorization. So we must deduce that Moses on his own reasoned that if in the case of the Midianites who came only to assist the Moabites (in ), God commanded (in ), “Vex the Midianites and smite them,” in the case of the Moabites themselves, the same injunction should apply even more strongly. But God told Moses that the idea that Moses had in his mind was not the idea that God had in God’s mind. For God was to bring two doves forth from the Moabites and the Ammonites — Ruth the Moabitess and Naamah the Ammonitess.
Even though in and God forbade the Israelites from occupying the territory of Ammon and Moab, Rav Papa taught that the land of Ammon and Moab that Sihon conquered (as reported in ) became purified for acquisition by the Israelites through Sihon’s occupation of it (as discussed in ).
Explaining why Rabban Simeon ben Gamaliel said that there never were in Israel more joyous days than Tu B'Av (the fifteenth of Av) and Yom Kippur, Rabbah bar bar Hanah said in the name of Rabbi Johanan (or others say Rav Dimi bar Joseph said in the name of Rav Nahman) that Tu B'Av was the day on which the generation of the wilderness stopped dying out. For a Master deduced from the words, “So it came to pass, when all the men of war were consumed and dead . . . that the Lord spoke to me,” in that as long as the generation of the wilderness continued to die out, God did not communicate with Moses, and only thereafter — on Tu B'Av — did God resume that communication. Thus God’s address to Moses in (in which he instructed Moses to speak to the rock to bring forth water) may have been the first time that God had spoken to Moses in 38 years.
A Baraita deduced from that just as the sun stood still for Joshua in , so the sun stood still for Moses, as well. The Gemara (or some say Rabbi Eleazar) explained that the identical circumstances could be derived from the use of the identical expression “I will begin” in and in Rabbi Johanan (or some say Rabbi Samuel bar Nahmani) taught that this conclusion could be derived from the use of the identical word “put” ("tet") in and And Rabbi Samuel bar Nahmani (or some say Rabbi Johanan) taught that this conclusion could be deduced from the words “the peoples that are under the whole heaven, who, when they hear the report of you, shall tremble, and be in anguish because of you” in Rabbi Samuel (or some say Rabbi Johanan) taught that the peoples trembled and were in anguish because of Moses when the sun stood still for him.
A Midrash interpreted the Israelites’ encounter with Sihon in and Noting the report of that “Israel sent messengers to Sihon king of the Amorites, saying: ‘Let me pass through your land,’” the Midrash taught that the Israelites sent messengers to Sihon just as they had to Edom to inform the Edomites that the Israelites would not cause Edom any damage. Noting the report of that the Israelites offered Sihon, “You shall sell me food for money . . . and give me water for money,” the Midrash noted that water is generally given away for free, but the Israelites offered to pay for it. The Midrash noted that in the Israelites offered, “We will go by the king's highway,” but in the Israelites admitted that they would go “until shall pass over the Jordan,” thus admitting that they were going to conquer Canaan. The Midrash compared the matter to a watchman who received wages to watch a vineyard, and to whom a visitor came and asked the watchman to go away so that the visitor could cut off the grapes from the vineyard. The watchman replied that the sole reason that the watchman stood guard was because of the visitor. The Midrash explained that the same was true of Sihon, as all the kings of Canaan paid Sihon money from their taxes, since Sihon appointed them as kings. The Midrash interpreted which says, “Sihon king of the Amorites, and Og king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan,” to teach that Sihon and Og were the equal of all the other kings of Canaan. So the Israelites asked Sihon to let them pass through Sihon’s land to conquer the kings of Canaan, and Sihon replied that the sole reason that he was there was to protect the kings of Canaan from the Israelites. Interpreting the words of “and Sihon would not suffer Israel to pass through his border; but Sihon gathered all his people together,” the Midrash taught that God brought this about designedly so as to deliver Sihon into the Israelites’ hands without trouble. The Midrash interpreted the words of “Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwelt at Heshbon,” to say that if Heshbon had been full of mosquitoes, no person could have conquered it, and if Sihon had been living in a plain, no person could have prevailed over him. The Midrash taught that Sihon thus would have been invincible, as he was powerful and dwelt in a fortified city. Interpreting the words, “Who dwelt at Heshbon,” the Midrash taught that had Sihon and his armies remained in different towns, the Israelites would have worn themselves out conquering them all. But God assembled them in one place to deliver them into the Israelites’ hands without trouble. In the same vein, in God said, “Behold, I have begun to deliver up Sihon . . . before you,” and says, “Sihon gathered all his people together,” and reports, “And Israel took all these cities.”
Even though in God told Moses to “begin to possess” the land of Sihon, nonetheless in Moses “sent messengers . . . to Sihon.” Rashi explained that even though God had not commanded Moses to call to Sihon in peace, Moses learned to do so from what God did when God first was about to give the Torah to Israel. God first took the Torah to Esau and Ishmael, although it was clear to God that they would not accept it, because God wished to begin with them in peace. Nachmanides disagreed, concluding that Moses sent messengers to Sihon before God instructed Moses to go to war with Sihon.
Deuteronomy chapter 3.
A Midrash taught that according to some authorities, Israel fought Sihon in the month of Elul, celebrated the Festival in Tishri, and after the Festival fought Og. The Midrash inferred this from the similarity of the expression in “And you shall turn in the morning, and go to your tents,” which speaks of an act that was to follow the celebration of a Festival, and the expression in “and Og the king of Bashan went out against them, he and all his people.” The Midrash inferred that God assembled the Amorites to deliver them into the Israelites’ hands, as says, “and the Lord said to Moses: ‘Fear him not; for I have delivered him into your hand.” The Midrash taught that Moses was afraid, as he thought that perhaps the Israelites had committed a trespass in the war against Sihon, or had soiled themselves by the commission of some transgression. God reassured Moses that he need not fear, for the Israelites had shown themselves perfectly righteous. The Midrash taught that there was not a mighty man in the world more difficult to overcome than Og, as says, “only Og king of Bashan remained of the remnant of the Rephaim.” The Midrash told that Og had been the only survivor of the strong men whom Amraphel and his colleagues had slain, as may be inferred from which reports that Amraphel “smote the Rephaim in Ashteroth-karnaim,” and one may read to indicate that Og lived near Ashteroth. The Midrash taught that Og was the refuse among the Rephaim, like a hard olive that escapes being mashed in the olive press. The Midrash inferred this from which reports that “there came one who had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew,” and the Midrash identified the man who had escaped as Og, as describes him as a remnant, saying, “only Og king of Bashan remained of the remnant of the Rephaim.” The Midrash taught that Og intended that Abram should go out and be killed. God rewarded Og for delivering the message by allowing him to live all the years from Abraham to Moses, but God collected Og’s debt to God for his evil intention toward Abraham by causing Og to fall by the hand of Abraham’s descendants. On coming to make war with Og, Moses was afraid, thinking that he was only 120 years old, while Og was more than 500 years old, and if Og had not possessed some merit, he would not have lived all those years. So God told Moses (in the words of ), “fear him not; for I have delivered him into your land,” implying that Moses should slay Og with his own hand. The Midrash noted that in God told Moses to “do to him as you did to Sihon,” and reports that the Israelites “utterly destroyed them,” but reports, “All the cattle, and the spoil of the cities, we took for a prey to ourselves.” The Midrash concluded that the Israelites utterly destroyed the people so as not to derive any benefit from them.
Rabbi Phinehas ben Yair taught that the 60 rams, 60 goats, and 60 lambs that reports that the Israelites sacrificed as a dedication-offering of the altar symbolized (among other things) the 60 cities of the region of Argob that reports that the Israelites conquered.
Abba Saul (or some say Rabbi Johanan) told that once when pursuing a deer, he entered a giant thighbone of a corpse and pursued the deer for three parasangs but reached neither the deer nor the end of the thighbone. When he returned, he was told that it was the thighbone of Og, King of Bashan, of whose extraordinary height reports.
A Midrash deduced from the words in “only Og king of Bashan remained . . . behold, his bedstead . . . is it not in Rabbah of the children of Ammon?” that Og had taken all the land of the children of Ammon. Thus there was no injustice when Israel came and took the land away from Og.
Noting that and both use the same expression “at that time” (, "ba’eit ha-hiv"), a Midrash deduced that the events of the two verses took place at the same time. Thus Rav Huna taught that as soon as God told Moses to hand over his office to Joshua, Moses immediately began to pray to be permitted to enter the Promised Land. The Midrash compared Moses to a governor who could be sure that the king would confirm whatever orders he gave so long as he retained his office. The governor redeemed whomever he desired and imprisoned whomever he desired. But as soon as the governor retired and another was appointed in his place, the gatekeeper would not let him enter the king’s palace. Similarly, as long as Moses remained in office, he imprisoned whomever he desired and released whomever he desired, but when he was relieved of his office and Joshua was appointed in his stead, and he asked to be permitted to enter the Promised Land, God in denied his request.
Commandments.
According to Maimonides.
Maimonides cited verses in the parashah for three negative commandments:
According to Sefer ha-Chinuch.
According to Sefer ha-Chinuch, there are two negative commandments in the parashah.
Liturgy.
Some Jews recite the blessing of fruitfulness in among the verses of blessing recited at the conclusion of the Sabbath.
“Mount Lebanon . . . Siryon,” another name for Mount Hermon, as explains, is reflected in which is in turn one of the six Psalms recited at the beginning of the Kabbalat Shabbat prayer service .
The Weekly Maqam.
In the Weekly Maqam, Sephardi Jews each week base the songs of the services on the content of that week's parashah. For parashah Devarim, Sephardi Jews apply Maqam Hijaz, the maqam that expresses mourning and sadness. This maqam is appropriate not due to the content of the parashah, but because this is the parashah that falls on the Shabbat prior to Tisha B'Av, the date that marks the destruction of the Temples.
Haftarah.
Devarim is always read on the final Shabbat of Admonition, the Shabbat immediately prior to Tisha B'Av. That Shabbat is called "Shabbat Chazon", corresponding to the first word of the haftarah, which is Many communities chant the majority of this haftarah in the mournful melody of the Book of Lamentations due to the damning nature of the vision as well as its proximity to the saddest day of the Hebrew calendar, the holiday on which Lamentations is chanted.
Bibliography.
The parashah has parallels or is discussed in these sources:

</doc>
<doc id="5884371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884371" title="Paul W. Hodge">
Paul W. Hodge

Paul W. Hodge (born 1934) is an American astronomer.
He was born in Washington. He earned an undergraduate degree in Physics from Yale and a doctorate in Astronomy from Harvard. In 1965 he and George Wallerstein created the astronomy department at the University of Washington, and he has been a professor there ever since. He was the Editor of the "Astronomical Journal" from 1984-2004. His recent research has focused on the star formation properties of nearby galaxies including the Andromeda Galaxy. His research into Barnard's Galaxy resulted in his 1977 paper wherein he identified 16 star forming H II regions, which have designations Hodge 1 to Hodge 16.

</doc>
<doc id="5884384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884384" title="José Inocencio Alas">
José Inocencio Alas

José Inocencio "Chencho" Alas was born in Chalatenango, El Salvador, in 1934, one of ten children. He was a Catholic priest for many years, a friend to Archbishop Óscar Romero, and an advocate of peasant rights. Alas founded the Foundation for Self Sufficiency in Central America [http://www.fssca.net], and is currently the director of the Foundation for Sustainability and Peacemaking in Mesoamerica. He lives in the U.S. state of Texas with his wife. His brother is Monseñor Higinio Alas, a well known bishop in Costa Rica.
Biography.
Following study of theology and philosophy in El Salvador, Canada, Rome, and Belgium, he began working as a priest in his native country in 1961. While working in the Mejicanos slum of San Salvador, he founded the Cursillos de Cristiandad movement in El Salvador.
In 1968, he became parish priest of Suchitoto, and founded the first Christian base communities, rooted in Liberation Theology and the reforms of the Second Vatican Council of 1965 in Medellín Conference of Latin American Bishops of 1968.
During the 1980s, Chencho continued working on behalf of the poor of Central America through a variety of different institutions, including the Inter American Development Bank and Capp Street Foundation. 
The signing of the Peace Accords in 1992 brought an end to El Salvador's civil war. Chencho returned to El Salvador to help found ITAMA, the Institute of Technology, Environment, and Self-Sufficiency. As that organization's international representative, he relocated to the United States to facilitate fundraising in this country. In 1996, in order to better work for social justice and economic development, he helped to found the Foundation for Self-Sufficiency in Central America as an independent US-based non-profit.
In 2000, the Tanenbaum Center for Interreligious Understanding awarded Alas its Peace Activist Award "in recognition of his dedication to human rights, and notably for his efforts to preserve peace in El Salvador during the violent aftermath of its civil war."
Alas was most recently awarded the Don Antonio Amaya Award from the Foundation for Self-Sufficiency in Central America as well as" Catholic Digest"'s Twelve Catholic Heroes for America and the World (October 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="5884393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884393" title="2004 reasons of the Supreme Court of Canada">
2004 reasons of the Supreme Court of Canada

The table below lists the reasons delivered from the bench by the Supreme Court of Canada during 2004. The table illustrates what reasons were filed by each justice in each case, and which justices joined each reason. This list, however, does not include decisions on motions.
Of the 80 reasons released in 2004, 8 were oral reasons, 55 were unanimous, and 2 motions.

</doc>
<doc id="5884401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884401" title="River phenomenon">
River phenomenon

River phenomenon describes distinctive, deeply incised river valleys in the landscape of Central Europe in the sense of their biotic, geomorphologic and climatic features. This term is used mainly in the Czech Republic, where it was introduced by several studies in 1960s. Distinctiveness of deep river valleys is based on their sharp contrast to softly undulating landscape, prevailing in middle elevations of Czech. Steep slopes, exposed rocks pronouncing the effect of geological substrate on vegetation, contrast between the sunny and warm southerly oriented slopes and shaded cold northerly oriented slopes, high diversity of various extreme habitats situated next to each other, specific microclimatic conditions causing frequent temperature inversions, the main feature for existence of river phenomenon. The main biotic consequences are: (1) high biodiversity located in deep river valleys, (2) concentration of relict species, resulting from the fact, that deep river valleys served as a refugia for plant and animal species during the era of ice age, (3) function of river valley as a corridor for migration of plants and animals, connecting mountain areas with lowlands, and (4) preservation of the vegetation relatively unaffected by human activities for its inaccessibility.
Although river phenomenon has been applied mainly to Central Europe, it could be related to riverine landscapes, with the view focused specifically on rivers with deep, narrow valleys.

</doc>
<doc id="5884414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884414" title="Cyathea fulgens">
Cyathea fulgens

Cyathea fulgens is a species of tree fern native to Cuba, Jamaica and Hispaniola. It forms part of the complex centered around "Cyathea woodwardioides" comprising six very similar taxa from the Greater Antilles. The other five species are "Cyathea crassa", "Cyathea grevilleana", "Cyathea portoricensis" and "Cyathea tussacii". Large and Braggins (2004) note that this group is known to cross with members of the "Cyathea minor" complex. In the wild, "C. fulgens" also forms hybrids with "Cyathea brooksii".

</doc>
<doc id="5884416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884416" title="Gavin Hamilton (archbishop of St Andrews)">
Gavin Hamilton (archbishop of St Andrews)

Gavin Hamilton was an early modern Scottish prelate, coadjutor of the Archdiocese of St. Andrews, and Archbishop of St. Andrews.
Gavin was the son of James Hamilton of Raploch. He had been Abbot of Kilwinning. In 1555, he was appointed as the coadjutor, i.e. successor, of Archbishop John Hamilton of St Andrews. Archbishop John Hamilton died on 7 April 1571; Gavin's name is mentioned in the record of a parliament held at Edinburgh on 13 June, as "Gawan Hamilton, archbishop of St. Andrews". Although there is no record of his formal appointment, the parliament notice appears to tell us that Gavin indeed ruled as bishop for a few months. Gavin died in a skirmish a few days after this parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="5884428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884428" title="Naming conventions of the International Phonetic Alphabet">
Naming conventions of the International Phonetic Alphabet

The International Phonetic Alphabet requires specific names for the symbols and diacritics used in the alphabet.
It is often desirable to distinguish an IPA symbol from the sound it is intended to represent, since there is not a one-to-one correspondence between symbol and sound in broad transcription. The symbol's names and phonetic descriptions are described in the "Handbook of the International Phonetic Association". The symbols also have nonce names in the Unicode standard. In some cases, the Unicode names and the IPA names do not agree. For example, IPA calls "epsilon", but Unicode calls it "small letter open E".
The letters.
The traditional names of the Latin and Greek letters are used for unmodified symbols. In Unicode, some of the symbols of Greek origin have Latin forms for use in IPA; the others use the symbols from the Greek section.
Examples:
Note
The IPA standard includes some small capital letters, such as , although it is common to refer to these symbols as simply "capital" or "cap" letters, because the IPA standard does not include any full-size capital letters.
Cursive-based letters.
A few letters have the forms of cursive or script letters. Examples:
Note
Ligatures.
Ligatures are called precisely that, although some have alternate names. Examples:
Rotated letters.
Many letters are "turned", or rotated 180 degrees. Examples:
A few letters are "reversed" (flipped on a vertical axis):
One letter is "inverted" (flipped on a horizontal axis): "inverted capital small R". ( could also be called an "inverted w", but "turned w" is more common.)
Letters with extra lines, curls and serifs.
When a horizontal stroke is added, it is called a "crossbar": "barred h", "barred o", "reversed barred glottal stop" or "barred ayin", "barred dotless j" or "barred gelded j" (apparently never 'turned f'), "double-barred pipe", etc.
One letter instead has a "slash" through it: "slashed o".
The implosives have "hook" tops: "hook-top b", as does "hook-top h".
Such an extension at the bottom of a letter is called a "tail". It may be specified as "left" or "right" depending on which direction it turns: "right-tail n", "right-tail turned r", "left-tail n", "tail z" (or just "retroflex z"), etc. But note: "eng" or "engma", "meng", "heng". 
When the tail loops over itself, it's called "curly": "curly-tail j", "curly-tail c".
There are also a few unique modifications: "belted l", "closed reversed epsilon" (there was once also a "closed omega"), "right-leg turned m", "turned long-leg r" (there was once also a "long-leg r"), "double pipe", and the obsolete "stretched c".
Several non-English letters have traditional names: "c cedilla", "eth" (also spelled "edh"), "engma" or "eng", "schwa" (also spelled "shwa"), "exclamation mark", "pipe".
Other symbols are unique to the IPA, and have developed their own quirky names: "fish-hook r", "ram's horns", "bull's eye", "esh" (apparently never 'stretched s'), "ezh" (sometimes confused with "yogh"), "hook-top heng".
The is usually called by the sound it represents, "glottal stop". This is not normally a problem, because this symbol is seldom used to represent anything else. However, to specify the symbol itself, it is sometimes called a "gelded question mark". This latter name is derived from its original form as a dotless question mark in a fashion reminiscent of gelding.
The diacritic marks.
Non-traditionally named diacritics.
Diacritics are alternately named after their function: The bridge is also called the "dental sign," the under-stroke the "syllabicity sign," etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5884437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884437" title="Sandalwood Pony">
Sandalwood Pony

The Sandalwood Pony originated in Indonesia, on the Sumba and Sumbawa Islands. It is named after the Sandalwood trees, which are a major export of the country. The Sandalwood pony is one of the finest in the country, partly due to the great amount of Arabian blood. They make suitable children's ponies, and have been exported to Australia for this purpose. They have also been exported to other Southeast Asian countries for use as racing ponies.
The Sandalwood is used for light draft, pack, farm, and riding work. They are especially popular in horse racing, both on the flat and in harness. They are also used in the bareback races held on the islands, which are often over three miles long.
Sandalwoods have incredible endurance, and are very easy to manage. They should have a nice head with small ears, a short, muscular neck, and a deep chest with a sloping shoulder. The back is usually long, and the croup is sloping. The ponies are usually 12-13 hh, and may be any color.
There are eight breeds native to Indonesia, the Batak Pony, Gayoe, Deli pony, Bali Pony, Java Pony, Sumba and Sumbawa Pony (and closely related Sandalwood Pony) and Timor Pony. 

</doc>
<doc id="5884440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884440" title="Ronald Gurner">
Ronald Gurner

Stanley Ronald Kershaw Gurner M.C. M.A. (1890-1939) was a headmaster and writer who was born in London.
Early years.
Educated at Merchant Taylors' School, London, Gurner went to Oxford University, where he was a classics scholar at St. Johns. He gained a First in honour moderations and won a university Latin prize. After illness in his final year he was awarded an aegrotat degree.
He took up part-time teaching positions at Haileybury College in 1912, before moving to Clifton College in 1913, and to a permanent post at Marlborough College in September 1913. In 1914 he was commissioned into the Rifle Brigade and served two years in the trenches before being wounded at Arras (where he won the Military Cross) in 1917 by a sniper.
Headships.
He became Headmaster of Strand School, Brixton, in 1920 at the age of thirty, and was appointed Headmaster of King Edward VII School (Sheffield) in spring 1926.
In the summer of 1927, he resigned to take up the vacant Headship at Whitgift School in Croydon.
Writings.
He published poems (including war poems) and several novels. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="5884447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884447" title="White warehou">
White warehou

The white warehou, "Seriolella caerulea", is a medusafish of the family "Centrolophidae" found in the southern Pacific and southern Atlantic oceans, at depths of between 500 and 800 m. Its length is up to about 75 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="5884448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884448" title="Western Morning News">
Western Morning News

The Western Morning News is a daily regional newspaper founded in 1860, and covering Devon, Cornwall and parts of Somerset and Dorset.
Organisation.
The "Western Morning News" is published by South West Media Group (formerly known as Westcountry Publications), a division of Local World. Its main office is based in Plymouth and it has journalists based in newsdesks in Exeter, Truro, Penzance and Plymouth. It also has a London editor based in Westminster. Bill Martin is editor of the "Western Morning News", while Philip Bowern is head of content and Scott Harrison is head of news.
History.
The "Western Morning News" was founded by William Saunders and Edward Spender, father of Sir Wilfrid Spender, on 3 January 1860. It has been published continuously since the first edition, including throughout the 1926 General Strike and the Plymouth Blitz. By 1920, the Devon newspaper market was getting cramped, with all papers running into financial difficulties. In the same year, Sir Leicester Harmsworth acquired the "Western Morning News"; from 1 February 1921, the "Western Daily Mercury" and "Western Evening Herald" were also taken over, with the papers continuing to be published from the old "Mercury" offices in Frankfort Street. Shortly before World War II, new offices were constructed on the same site after the demolition of the previous premises; the modern construction allowed the offices to survive the Blitz and publishing continued there until the move to Derriford.
On 8 February 1997, the "Western Morning News" followed most local newspapers in the UK and changed format from broadsheet to tabloid. In 2012, Local World acquired owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust, and on 22 June 2014 the paper was published on a sunday for the first time.
Readership and website.
The "Western Morning News" is published seven days a week, with the aim to provide readers with regional, national and international news with a consistent editorial standpoint. The paper prides itself on the supplements it provides, which cover a range of topics, including:
It also operates a 24-hour news service through its website [http://www.westernmorningnews.co.uk].

</doc>
<doc id="5884449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884449" title="The Jerks">
The Jerks

The Jerks is a rock band from the Philippines, formed in 1979 and is perhaps the original alternative rock and blues band in the Philippines. The band has undergone a lot of member changes and notably a lot of the previous members of the band are now certified icons themselves in the music scene. Members like Chickoy Pura, Nitoy Adriano, Jun Lupito, Angelo Villegas, and others have carved names in their respective niches. Other performers who have played with the Jerks is former Put3ska drummer Brutus Lacano as a session musician, and drummer Benjie Santos.
Despite having been formed in 1979, they only released their debut record in 1994 entitled "The Jerks Live", released under Gary Granada's Backdoor Records. It was recorded live at the legendary Mayric's bar and showcases the raw, passionate musicality of the band never before put into record. The Jerks also released a self-titled album in the late '90s.
By 1997, Star Records managed to convince the band to record a major label album called "Haligi Ng Maynila", produced by ABS-CBN's Gabby Lopez, which gave the band the opportunity to reach a wider audience. This paved the way to the band winning the 1998 NU Rock Award for Best Album and the 1998 Katha Award for Best Rock Song, "Reklamo ng Reklamo".
The Jerks still perform regularly around Manila in bars like The 70s Bistro, Tiendesitas and Route 196 in Katipunan Extension.

</doc>
<doc id="5884452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884452" title="Brittany Lincicome">
Brittany Lincicome

Brittany Grace Lincicome (born September 19, 1985) is an American professional golfer playing on the LPGA Tour. She currently resides in Seminole, Florida. 
Lincicome is one of the longest drivers in women's golf. In her rookie year, 2005, she led the LPGA in driving distance with an average of . In 2006, her driving average increased to , second among all LPGA players. Her prodigious length off the tee has earned her the nickname "Bam-Bam."
Amateur career.
Lincicome was born in St. Petersburg, Florida, and participated in more than 100 amateur events. Her wins included the American Junior Golf Association Chateu Elan in 2001 and 2003 and the Avilla Junior Classic in 2003. In 2004, she won the Harder Hall Invitational. Lincicome competed in both the 2004 U.S. Women's Open and the 2004 State Farm Classic on the LPGA Tour as an amateur, even leading the former after the first round.
Professional career.
Lincicome turned professional in December 2004 at age 19, after finishing in 20th place at the LPGA Final Qualifying Tournament in to earn her tour card for 2005. Home-schooled, she had graduated from high school the previous spring. Her first victory was in the 2006 HSBC Women's World Match Play Championship, where she defeated Michelle Wie in the quarterfinals, Lorena Ochoa in the semifinals, and Juli Inkster in the final match. She captured her second win in April 2007 at the Ginn Open, again holding off Ochoa to capture the victory on the 72nd hole.
In 2007, Lincicome became a member of the U.S. Solheim Cup team for the first time. In singles play, she lost to Laura Davies. Years earlier, as a 12 year-old, Lincicome had carried the scoring sign for Davies at the JCPenney Classic LPGA event, leading Davies to good-naturedly refer to Lincicome as "Sign Girl."
In 2009, Lincicome won the Kraft Nabisco Championship, an LPGA major, after making an eagle on the final hole to leap frog Kristy McPherson, who held a one shot lead going into the final hole.
Professional wins (5).
LPGA Tour (5).
LPGA major is shown in bold.
LPGA Tour playoff record (0–2)
Major championships.
Results timeline.
"Results not in chronological order before 2014."
^ The Evian Championship was added as a major in 2013
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
T = tied <br>
Green background for a win. Yellow background for a top-10 finish.
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="5884453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884453" title="Ghost of Tom Joad Tour">
Ghost of Tom Joad Tour

The Ghost of Tom Joad Tour was a lengthy, worldwide concert tour featuring Bruce Springsteen performing alone on stage in small halls and theatres, that ran off and on from late 1995 through the middle of 1997. It followed the release of his 1995 album "The Ghost of Tom Joad".
Itinerary.
The tour began on November 21, 1995 at the State Theatre in New Brunswick, New Jersey. The first group of shows ran through the end of the year in major media centers such as Los Angeles, the San Francisco area, Washington, Philadelphia, New York, and Boston.
After a winter holiday break, the show visited other North American cities in January 1996, including a stop in Youngstown, Ohio due to "Youngstown" being the album track most (relatively) played on radio.
February and March saw shows in Western Europe, followed by a three-week break during which Springsteen attended the Academy Awards show in Los Angeles. The tour resumed in Europe through earlyish May.
A family man with three small children at the time, Springsteen took off the summer of 1996 and then started up again in the U.S. in mid-September, now playing smaller markets and colleges, as well as local stops in Asbury Park and his old St. Rose of Lima School in Freehold, and finishing up in mid-December.
Another winter holiday break was taken, then in late January 1997 Springsteen took the show for three weeks in Japan and Australia. In May the final leg started up; first Springsteen went to Stockholm to accept the Polar Music Prize, then he toured Central Europe for perhaps the first time, seeing Austria, Poland, and the Czech Republic, before concluding with additional shows back in Western Europe. The 128th and final show of the tour was on May 26, 1997 at the Palais des Congrès in Paris and was attended by hundreds of fans from around the world.
The show.
While the "Ghost of Tom Joad" album was in the more acoustic, somber vein of his earlier "Nebraska", it did contain some limited additional instrumentation and arrangements. However, Springsteen decided to perform the new material completely by himself, using only acoustic guitar and harmonica. (In actuality, a couple of the dourest "Joad" numbers did have a hidden offstage synthesizer being played, by Springsteen's guitar technician Kevin Buell.)
Given that Springsteen was famous for his full-band, high-energy, crowd-rousing concerts, this tour was sure to be a surprising departure. Advertisements tried to make this clear, and all show tickets were printed with Solo Acoustic Tour on them [http://www.brucebase.org.uk/gig1996.htm#1] to give audiences a firm understanding of what to expect (and leading some to call the tour by that name, although it would become ambiguous in light of the later Devils & Dust Tour; Springsteen's publicists did not give this tour any formal name).
In any case, after an opening rendition of "The Ghost of Tom Joad", which featured audience members whooping and "Brooocing" by habit, Springsteen regularly addressed this audience with some variation of this speech:
Sometimes Springsteen felt the need to reiterate parts of the message after subsequent songs, especially if Brooocing continued. The whole bit created quite an impression among Springsteen fans, some of whom would always refer to this as the Shut the Fuck Up Tour as a result, and others of whom would wish the same rules were in effect for slower songs at future Springsteen E Street Band concerts.
The performance style of the tour varied greatly depending upon song. Some older numbers such as "Darkness on the Edge of Town" and the recently-exhumed "Murder Inc." were vigorously strummed on guitar and bellowed in voice. Slide work also sometimes lent musical dynamism. But most selections, including almost all of the "Joad" material, were indeed arranged with silence as the leading accompaniment. Even normal fan favorite "Born in the U.S.A." was recast into a snarling attack mostly bereft of its anthemic title line. "The Promised Land" was transformed into a ghostly echo of its usually-rousing self, propelled by percussive slapping of Springsteen's Takamine guitar body.
The typical all-"Joad" six-song closing sequence of the main set - "Youngstown", "Sinaloa Cowboys", "The Line", "Balboa Park", "The New Timer", and "Across the Border" - was especially stark and quiet. Based on the fates of lost American workers and Mexican immigrants in California, it suffered from some of same lack of melodic interest and forced didactic purpose that the album had been criticized for.
As the tour wore on, shows became a little looser. Springsteen introduced some humorous songs he had recently written, including "In Freehold", a ribald homage to his growing up, "In Michigan", a homage about the folks in Michigan, "Sell It and They Will Come", a tribute to the insanity of late-night infomercials, and "Pilgrim in the Temple of Love", a tale of Santa Claus doing something naughty. Indeed explicit sexual mentions became something of a theme of the tour, with Springsteen telling any children in the audience that words they didn't understand were Latin for "doing your homework." Springsteen also engaged the faithful by unearthing some old numbers that had not seen concert action in a long time, or most famously in the case of "Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J."'s "The Angel", ever, a song Springsteen once swore he would never perform live (it wasn't performed again until 2009 during full performances of the album). The tour also marked the first time that Springsteen did not perform anything from the "Born to Run". In fact, nothing from the album was even soundchecked although on the third to final date of the tour, Springsteen treated fans in Italy to a post-show singalong performance of "Thunder Road" from the venue's balcony. Two songs written for the Joad album that did not make the final cut, "The Hitter" and "Long Time Comin'", made their tour debuts although Springsteen would not release the two songs for another ten years until the 2005 "Devils & Dust" album.
Critical and commercial reaction.
Due to the small venues played on the tour, often in the 2,000-to-3,000 capacity range, tickets were often hard to get, creating a "ticket scalpers' heaven." [http://select.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=F60F13FA3B5D0C758EDDA80994DD494D81] Dave Marsh's "Two Hearts" biography assessed the tour as not expanding Springsteen's audience any, but helping to solidify it, especially in Europe.
The "Asbury Park Press" characterized a November 1995 Count Basie Theatre show as Springsteen "spinning his acoustic tales of desperation and hope ... he played with power and poise ... The lyrics are bleaker than usual for Springsteen and the music reflects the solemn mood." "The New York Times" said a December 1995 Beacon Theatre show "easily qualifies as the most earnest concert of the year," that "Where once saw open highways, he now sees roads to nowhere," and that "Springsteen turned in a painstaking and convincing performance. But with that material, he has turned himself into nearly a one-note performer."[http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9C03E3DE1739F937A25751C1A963958260 "The Washington Post", on the other hand, found a December 1995 DAR Constitution Hall performance showing strains of the "sense of triumph" that Springsteen's previous work had evoked, although his physical appearance made him "look more like the custodian at Constitution Hall than the star attraction."[http://pqasb.pqarchiver.com/washingtonpost/access/19493136.html?dids=19493136:19493136&FMT=ABS&FMTS=ABS:FT&date=Dec+6%2C+1995&author=Richard+Harrington&pub=The+Washington+Post+(pre-1997+Fulltext)&edition=&startpage=C.01&desc=Springsteen%2C+An+Austere+Power]
The biography "Hard Travelin': The Life and Legacy of Woody Guthrie" by Robert Santelli and Emily Davidson found praise for the tour, saying the album's songs gained onstage and that the shows, "although hushed and void of the anthemic rockers that made him the greatest performer that rock has ever known, managed to bring Woody Guthrie back to life again." Jimmy Gutterman's "Runaway American Dream: Listening to Bruce Springsteen" criticized the first leg of the tour for producing "the most dour performances of his career," but praised later legs that incorporated new material that was "sly, low-key, and funny."
Broadcasts and recordings.
Portions of the December 8 and December 9, 1995 shows from Philadelphia's Tower Theater were later broadcast on the syndicated "Columbia Records Radio Hour" on U.S. album oriented rock stations. The April 19, 1996 show from Internationales Congress Centrum Berlin was recorded live and a decade later aired on E Street Radio.
Songs performed.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="5884470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884470" title="Herbert B. Cohen">
Herbert B. Cohen

Herbert B. Cohen was an American lawyer from York County, Pennsylvania. He attended the University of Pennsylvania where he received his Bacceleureate degree. He later became a lawyer and was appointed to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court in 1957.
Cohen was active in the gubernatorial campaign of George Leader and became his Attorney General in 1955. Cohen later earned distinction as York’s only homegrown member of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, serving from 1956 to 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="5884474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884474" title="Kidwelly Town Council">
Kidwelly Town Council

Kidwelly Town Council (Welsh - Cyngor Tref Cydweli) is the community council serving the town of Kidwelly and the village of Mynydd-y-garreg in the county of Carmarthenshire, Wales. The council appoints a Mayor, known as the "Mayor of Kidwelly" and takes care of local issues, more notably tourism it also manages a large estate. In January 2014 the residents called a public meeting calling the Council to account over the bad management of the Council's finances and estate.

</doc>
<doc id="5884487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884487" title="Docter">
Docter

Docter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884495" title="Stephen Montague">
Stephen Montague

Stephen Montague (born March 10, 1943 in Syracuse, New York) is a composer who grew up in West Virginia and Florida.
Education.
After studying piano, conducting and composition at Florida State University B.M 1965 with Honors, M.M 1967, he received a doctorate in composition from Ohio State University in 1972. He did additional study in conducting at the Mozarteum, Salzburg, Austria, 1966, computer music at IRCAM, Paris, 1981, and at Stanford University, California, 1984. He was awarded a Fulbright Fellowship/Polish Cultural Grant to work at the Experimental Music Studio of Polish Radio, Warsaw, Poland, 1972 -74.
Career.
Montague was born and educated in the US, but lived in Warsaw, Poland (1972–74) on a Fulbright Fellowship, and since 1974 in London working as a freelance composer, pianist, conductor and touring worldwide. His music has been performed at numerous international festivals, including the BBC Proms at the Royal Albert Hall in London, the Warsaw Autumn festival, the Paris Festival d'Automne, the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., and the Hong Kong and Singapore Festivals.
He has been commissioned by such sources as the BBC Proms, the Royal Festival Hall (London), the National Portrait Gallery (London), the Royal Ballet (UK), British Telecom (for the London Symphony Orchestra), the Trans Atlantic Arts Consortium (UK/US), the Calgary Philharmonic (Canada), the Hilliard Ensemble, the Smith Quartet (UK), pianist Stephen Kovacevich, percussionist Evelyn Glennie, harpsichordist Elisabeth Chojnacka, and the International Computer Music Association.
As a pianist, he has recorded for many European radio networks and has performed at Carnegie Hall in New York, the Queen Elizabeth Hall in London, and the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris. In 1985 he formed a duo with pianist Philip Mead, Montague/Mead Piano Plus which tours internationally. His conducting specialty is 20th and 21st century music. In addition, Montague has created multi-channel electroacoustic sound environments in collaboration with the sculptor, Maurice Agis, and composed a number of music theatre works for outside spaces such as his Horn Concerto for klaxon horn and an orchestra of automobiles.
Although a long term British resident (dual national - US/UK since 2000) his compositional influences are transatlantic. He comments: "I have lived in Britain since 1974 but my musical heroes remain American: I admire Charles Ives's unapologetic juxtaposition of vernacular music and the avant-garde, Henry Cowell's irreverent use of fist and arm clusters, the propulsive energy of minimalism, and John Cage's radical dictum that 'all sound is music'. And, like Henry Cowell, I want to live in the whole world of music, not just one corner. I am equally at home writing for a large professional symphony orchestra, chamber groups, dance, music theatre or experimental works, for example, motorcycles, brass, percussion and piano".
In the UK, Montague was a founder of Sonic Arts Network in 1980, served as Chair of the SPNM (Society for the Promotion of New Music) during 1993-97, and was Associate Composer with The Orchestra of St. Johns, Smith Square, London, 1995 - 97. He has been a Guest Professor at the University of Texas - Austin, 1992, 1995, 2000 and at the University of New Zealand in 1997. Recent Composer Portraits of his music have taken place in London, New York, Chicago, Columbus, Houston, Mexico City, Vienna and Budapest.
His awards include first prize at the Bourges International Electroacoustic Music Competition (France) in 1994, the Ernst von Dohnányi Citation for Excellence in Composition in 1995, and the Ohio State University Distinguished Alumnus Award in 2000, Honorary Fellow Trinity College of Music 2001, Fellowship of Leeds College of Music, 2004, and the International Piano Magazine Award: "Best Contemporary Piano Music Recording 2006" for the CD of his piano music Southern Lament on the NMC label (UK).
In addition to his freelance work Montague also teaches composition and orchestration at Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance London, and is the New Music Associate at Cambridge University's Kettle's Yard Art Gallery, 2010 -2012 (UK). Publisher United Music Publishers - UMP Composers - Stephen Montague [http://www.ump.co.uk/composer]
Montague's works appear on CDs from NMC Records (UK), Signum (UK), ASV Records (UK), Continuum (New Zealand), Centaur (US), Point Records (US), Starkland (US) and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5884503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884503" title="Maccabi Los Angeles">
Maccabi Los Angeles

Maccabi Los Angeles (, MAH-KAH-Bee), also known as "Maccabee Los Angeles," were a semi-professional soccer club based out of the Maccabee Athletic Club in Los Angeles, California, the team played at Jackie Robinson Stadium located in the West Los Angeles area. The team competed in the National Soccer League of Los Angeles and other national soccer competitions, including the National Challenge Cup (US Open Cup), most notably becoming only one of two teams (alongside Bethlehem Steel FC) to win the competition five times.
History.
Maccabi Los Angeles was formed by a group of Israeli expatriates to serve as a recreational Sunday soccer team, the primary activity of the Maccabee Athletic Club in Los Angeles, California. The team began playing competitively in 1971, with the addition of former Israeli national team players who had recently immigrated to the Los Angeles area. They were Triple Crown winners twice in 1977 and 1978 winning the National Soccer League Title, California State Cup and the National Challenge Cup.
Maccabi played Bridgeport Vasco da Gama from Connecticut in the 1978 National Challenge Cup Final at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey in front of a crowd of over 30,000 people. The game was part of a double header with the New York Cosmos and the Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League, which featured Cosmo's players Pele, Franz Beckenbauer, Giorgio Chinaglia and Tampa's Rodney Marsh. The team ceased operations after the 1982 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5884515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884515" title="Buddhadeb Bosu">
Buddhadeb Bosu

Buddhadeva Bose (also spelt Buddhadeb Bosu) () (1908–1974) was a major Bengali writer of the 20th century. Frequently referred to as a poet, he was a versatile writer who wrote novels, short stories, plays and essays in addition to poetry. He was an influential critic and editor of his time. He is recognized as one of the five poets who moved to introduce modernity into Bengali poetry. It has been said that since Tagore, perhaps, there has been no greater talent in Bengali literature.
Biography.
Buddhadeva Bose (BB) was born in Comilla, on 30 November 1908. His ancestral home was in the village of Malkhanagar in the Vikrampur region (in Munshiganj District, Bangladesh). His father's name was Bhudeb Chandra Bose and mother's name was Benoy Kumari. His mother died just few hours after his birth and his father for a year became a bereaved wanderer. He remarried few years later and settled down. So, Buddhadeva was brought up and raised by his maternal grandparents Chintaharan Sinha and Swarnalata Sinha. Literally they remained his soul parents. He was schooled at the Dhaka Collegiate School in Dhaka, in addition to high schools in Comilla and Noakhali. He passed the Matriculation examination in 1925. He secured the second place in the Intermediate examination. His early life was associated with Dhaka where he lived in a simple house at 47 Purana Paltan.
BB went to the University of Dhaka for studying English language and literature. He was a resident of the Jagannath Hall. After completing his MA in English from the University of Dhaka with distinction marks that remains unsurpassed as yet (2007), he moved to Calcutta in 1931. Initially he had no regular job and resorted to 'private tuition' for livelihood.
While a student he became associated with the famous poetry magazine "Kallol". The modernist literary movement of 1930s is often referred to as the "Kallol" era. He was also worked as an editor of the literary magazine "Progoti" (started 1926).
He married Pratibha Basu (1914/1915 - 4 October 2006) (née Shome) in 1934. They had three children, Meenakshi Dutta (b. 1936), Damayanti Basu Singh (b. 1940) and Suddhashil Bose (1945–1987). Pratibha Bosu was an accomplished singer in her teens but later concentrated on literature and became a distinguished writer in her own right.
Buddhadeva Bose taught at the Ripon College (now Surendranath College) an affiliated college of the University of Calcutta. In 1956 he set up the Department of Comparative literature in Jadavpur University, and was on its faculty for a number of years. He was also a visiting professor at many universities in the United States.
One of his most important contributions to the Bengali literary scene was the establishment of the "Kavita" (tr. Poetry) - the flagship poetry magazine in Bengali, which he edited and published for 25 years.
BB has been described a disciplined, almost obsessed, worker by Nabaneeta Dev Sen. After meeting Buddhadeva Bose, Clinton B. Seely remarked that Buddhadeva was a very intense person. He spoke quickly, with emotion. He laughed wonderfully. He was interested in everything... He was what I would come to refer to as "jyanto," "alive," "vibrant," "energetic." Conversations were often at fever pitch. He was bubbling over with things to say.
BB who grew up almost as an orphan showed deep since of love and care for his children. In a letter to his daughter Damayanti Basu Singh who just flew to the USA for studies he wrote: “Rumi, since this morning, I am really worried. Have you kept your money and traveler’s cheques in a safe and handy place? I should’ve checked everything at the airport, but just didn’t remember to do so. Exchange the pounds I gave you in England. For your small expenditures spend the loose change that you have in dollars. With the money I gave you and the first installment of your scholarship, open an account in Bloomington. Don’t deposit the traveler's cheques in the account. You’ll need those for your trips across the country. And make sure you don’t lose the slip with the cheque numbers written on it. ...Baba.” Damayanti wrote that '... And I remember that Dad used to write late into the night. He used to place books beside the table lamp to block the light so that it wouldn’t disturb our sleep.'
Literary life.
His first book of poetry, namely, "Bandir Bandona" was published when he was only seventeen years old. Although he worked as a teacher at different colleges and universities, he devoted his whole life to literature. This is symbolized by the name of his residence in Calcutta which was "Kavita Bhavan" (tr. 'The House of Poetry'). His first novel, "SaDa", was published when he was 18, in 1930. He wrote more than 40 novels, but his epic novel "Tithidore", published in 1949, became his most admired novel which is now considered a classic. He published more than 160 titles during his lifetime. So far 200 books have been published. However, many pieces remain to be anthologized as yet. He was a hard worker and writing was his life. He began his day at 9 in the morning and would regularly work until 10 at night. Work, for him, meant writing.
Literary style.
Without undermining his genius, it can be said that Buddhadeva Bose wrote poetry essentially under the influence of Western literature. But, in his early works he showed clear influence of Rabindranath Tagore. But both in terms of theme and style, he reflected marked influence of renowned Western poets of whom Baudelaire should be named foremost. He was also influenced by Ezra Pound, William Butler Yeats, Rilke and T. S. Eliot. Allegedly, he believed in ‘arts for arts sake’. He was a perfectionist as a writer and emphasized on technical perfection of his works. Although he mostly wrote in free verse, his command on rhyme and rhythm was great. As an excellent editor of his historical magazine "Kavita" (Poetry), the first magazine in India devoted only to the cause of modern Bengali Poetry,he demonstrated his amazing ability to identify the best talents of the 20th century Bengal.
His prose style was also established on a diction developed by himself. His novels remain modern even by standards of the 21st century. He established a style of appreciative literary criticism that remains unparalleled. Also, his verse plays, written at the end phase of his life, created a poetic style all his own.
Accusation of obscenity.
"Raat bha're brishhti", 1967; M.C. Sarkar, Calcutta, 1st Ed. 1967; (7th Reprint 1990.)
While the literary circles of Bengal did not hesitate to recognize him as a leading post-Tagore literary personality, Buddhadeva Bose achieved mass popularity when his novel "Raat bha're brishhti" was banned by the government on charges of obscenity. It depicted a love triangle which explicitly allowed sex to play a critical role in human relationship. Eventually, the High Court absolved the novel of the charges of obscenity. "Raat bha're brishhti" has been translated by Clinton B. Seely. with the title "Rain through the Night"
Literary organizations.
In his school days BB took various literary initiatives. He was the editor, principal contributor and scriptor of the "Pataka", a hand-written literary magazine published by the school students. Since then he was continuously engaged and involved in many literary organizations including publications of literary journals and books. While studying at the Dhaka University he was elected as the literary secretary of the students' association of his hall of residence, namely the Jagannath Hall. In this capacity he edited the "Bashontika", the annual literary magazine of the Jagannath Hall. BB published one of his memorable poems, namely, 'Kankaboti' in the "Bashontika".
BB actively participated in the Progressive Writers' Association in the late 1930s. He also joined the Anti-Fascist Writers and Artists' Association in the early 40s.
Pragati.
The "Pragoti" was first published as an occasional hand-written literary journal. The print-version was launched as a literary monthly in 1929 when BB received a monthly scholarship of 20 rupees for distinctive result in the pre-university examination. The first issue was the June–July issue of 1927. Cost of publishing a literary magazine was estimated to be 100 rupees per month. So, BB organized a group of ten like-minded fellows who agreed to pay ten rupees a month for publishing the "Pragoti". The "Pragoti" was published from Dhaka. At that time BB was residing at 47 Purana Paltan which became the office of the "Pragoti". BB distinguished himself by his commitment to modernity as reflected in the post-first-World War western literature. At the same time he firmly asked his colleagues to refrain from following Rabindranath Tagore and to cultivate their own creativity. He published a number of poems of poet Jibanananda Das in the "Pragoti". Also, he published a highly appreciative article on this promising poet to draw attention of the literary circle. The "Pragoti" was continued for about two years. The last issue was published in 1929.
Kavita.
Four years after migrating from Dhaka to Calcutta in 1931, BB again embarked upon publishing a literary magazine. He was then living in 'Golam Mohammad Mansion' in Calcutta city. The first issue of the "Kavita" was published from there in the month of October 1935. For the first two years, "Kavita" was co-edited by BB and Premendra Mitra while poet Samar Sen worked as an assistant editor. Kavita was a poetry magazine styled after the Poetry published by Harriet Monroe from Chicago. While discussing Bengali poetry, Edward Thomson referred to the first issue of "Kavita" in the Times Literary Supplement of 1 February 1936. "Kavita" continued for twenty-five long years. Its last issue was brought out in March, 1961.
Kavita Bhavan.
Literally "Kavita Bhavan" (tr. 'The House of Poetry') is the name of the house at 202 Rasbihari Avenue where BB lived for a long time since 1937 (till 1966). 'Kavita Bhavan' which soon became a coveted hang-out for literary personalities including poets, novelists, magazine editors, publishers, intellectuals and professors, eventually emerged as a publishing house. After settling in Calcutta in 1931 BB realized that hardly there was any publishing house that was eager to publish a book of poetry. He himself published two poetry books, one of his own and the other of Achintyakumar Sengupta. Then he introduced a publishing house styled "Granthakar Mandoli". However, books published later on by BB carried the name "Kavita Bhavan" as the publishing house. Books published from Kavita Bhavn included BB's "Kankaboti", "Padatik" of Subhas Mukhopadhyay, "Koyekti Kobita" of Samar Sen and "Avijnan Basanta" by poet Amiya Chakravarty. While Kavita Bhavan published many other books, most remarkable was the slim poetry books of the "Ek poishay Ekti" series. These were a 16-page poetry book, the price being 1 rupee (16 poisha). The series continued for three years from 1942 to 1944 and published as many as 18 poetry books. The first version of "Banalata Sen" by Jibanananda Das belonged to this series, sponsored by BB.
Translation of Baudelaire.
In 1961, BB published a carefully selected poems of French poet Charles Baudelaire translated by him into Bengali. It was titled "Charles Baudelaire O Taar Kobita". In the introduction to the translations, BB made a notable analysis of modernism in Western literature.
Bengali gastronomy.
It may sound bizarre that a scholar like BB could write a book on Bengaly gastronomy. In fact it was a long essay that BB wrote in the "Ananda Bazar Patrika", serialised in 1971 (1–4 January) under the title "Bhojon Rashik Bangali". It is his daughter Damayanti Basu Singh who in 2005 published the essay in the form a small book and herself provided recipes of the dishes referred to by BB. Damayanti said, 'My father, Buddhadeva Bose, was a small man and a frugal eater. He was never greedy for food, but used to be upset if there wasn’t a generous spread on the dining table.' Quoting Goethe, BB would say, 'my eyes are larger than my appetite'. So there was always both variety and excess of food even for the daily meals. The essay was translated by BB himself into English and was published in "Hindustan Standard", published from Calcutta.
Playwright.
In his early days in the school in Noakhali, BB with his fellow mates had formed a 'drama group'. No wonder that he took special interest in writing plays. He wrote more than five plays. However, recognition as a playwright came late, after the death of the playwright in 1974. It is Salil Bhandopadhyaya of Theatron Theatre Group, Calcutta, who produced some of BB's plays like "Tapaswi-O-Tarangini", "Kolkatara Electra" and "Anamni Angana" and drew attention of people to BB as a playwright. The Hindi translation of BB's "Protham Partho", produced by Circle Theatre Company, has been described to be one of the best presentations on the Delhi theatre.
Recognition.
Apart from formal recognition mentioned below, BB remains one of the most important literary personalities of the 20th century Bengali literature. Buddhdaeb became the central figure in a cluster of poets who came to embody Bengali modernism in early 20th century. In emphasizing BB's importance, Ashok Mitra commented, 'These days we buy tickets to hear a poet. There was a time 60–70 years ago when a poet was considered to be unemployed and mad. If Buddhadeva Bose had not come up with a poetry magazine, things would not have been the same. There would have been no Jibanananda Das but for Buddhadeva Bose.'
Buddhadeva Bose received the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1967 for his verse play "Tapaswi-O-Tarangini", received the Rabindra Puraskar in 1974 for "Swagato Biday"(poetry) and was honoured with a Padma Bhushan in 1970.
Works.
So far about 200 titles have been published, including 'collected works' in several volumes. Some of them are mentioned below.
Short story collections.
Ovinoy, Ovinoy Noy, Rekhachitro, Era Ar Ora, Abong Aro Oneke, Odrisho Satru, Misses Gupta, Premer Bichitra Goti, Ghorete Bhromro Elo, Notun Nesha, Feriwala O Onnano Golpo, Khatar Shhesh Pata, Ekti Sokal O Ekti Shyandhya, Golpo Songkolon, Shreshtho Golpo, Hridoyer Joyogan, Vashao Amar Vela.
Plays.
Mayamalancha, Taposhi O Torongini, Kalshandhya(from Mahabharat), Punormilon, Kolkatar Electra
Essay.
Hothat Alor Jhalkani, Uttor Tirish, Kaler Putul, Sahityacharcha, Rabindranath: Kotha Sahitya, Sanga Nishangata Rabindranath, Prabandha Sonkolon, Mohavarater Kotha, An acre of green grass - a review of modern Bengali literature, Tagore - portrait of a poet.
Works of translation.
Kalidasa's Meghdut, Charles Baudelaire O Tar Kobita.
Bose also translated works by Friedrich Hölderlin, and Rilke into Bengali.

</doc>
<doc id="5884517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884517" title="John McCombe">
John McCombe

John Paul McCombe (born 7 May 1985) is an English professional footballer who plays for York City as a defender.
A centre back, he graduated through the Huddersfield Town Academy to make his senior debut in May 2003. Unused in 2003–04, he also rarely featured in 2004–05, 2005–06, and 2006–07. During this time he spent brief periods on loan at Torquay United and Boston United, though he never took to the field for either outfit. He spent the 2007–08 campaign with Hereford United, helping the club to win promotion into League One. He joined Port Vale in May 2008, and after establishing himself in the first team in 2008–09 and 2009–10, he managed to win the club's Player of the Year Award in 2011. He helped the club to secure promotion out of League Two in 2012–13. After leaving Port Vale in May 2013, he signed for Mansfield Town on a free transfer. He left Mansfield for York City in January 2014.
Career.
Huddersfield Town.
Born in Pontefract, West Yorkshire, McCombe joined Huddersfield Town as a trainee, and was converted from playing as a centre-forward to become a centre-back. He made his league debut on 3 May 2003, coming onto the pitch as a late substitute for Jon Stead in a 1–1 draw with Oldham Athletic at the Alfred McAlpine Stadium. Unused in 2003–04, he had to wait until September 2004 for his next first team appearance. He made a total of seven appearances in 2004–05.
McCombe's only appearances 2005–06 were against Blackburn Rovers in the League Cup – where he only played because of injuries and suspensions, against Boston United in the Football League Trophy – when manager Peter Jackson rested all his first-team players, and on the last game of the season against Swindon Town. In between these appearances he spent February on loan at Torquay United, but didn't appear in the first team for John Cornforth's struggling side.
On 15 March 2007, he, along with Hartlepool United's Michael Proctor, agreed to join Boston United on loan. However due to Boston's financial state, Boston Chairman Jim Rodwell was unable to sanction the deals and the players returned to their clubs. He was released by Huddersfield in May 2007, and two months later he signed for Hereford United, ending his eleven-year association with the club.
Hereford United.
He began the 2007–08 season as third choice centre-back, but an injury to Dean Beckwith gave McCombe his chance. He turned in a number of impressive performances, preserving Hereford's unbeaten record and scoring his first professional goal from a Kris Taylor cross in a 2–0 FA Cup victory against Hartlepool United. McCombe made 27 league appearances as Hereford gained promotion from League Two, but was dropped for the run-in, in favour of Karl Broadhurst. This coincided with McCombe's mistake in a key fixture against Chester City when he conceded a penalty kick in the last minute for handball, which enabled Chester to draw the match 2–2. He was to make only one more appearance for the club, as a second-half substitute on the final day of the season. In May 2008 manager and chairman Graham Turner confirmed that out-of-contract McCombe would not be offered a new deal.
Port Vale.
On 29 May 2008, McCombe agreed a two-year contract to join Port Vale. He claimed one of the reasons he put pen to paper was that having met manager Lee Sinnott 13 years previously, he knew that Sinnott could help improve his game. However he established himself as a first choice centre-back under new boss Dean Glover, but was also told he was too 'nice' and needed to be more aggressive in his defending. Nevertheless, his performances in 2008–09 earned him the chairman's Player of the Year award, as well as the nickname 'Boom Boom McCombe' from fans.
Retaining his first team place in 2009–10, he was transfer listed in late September 2009, along with the entire Port Vale squad, after manager Micky Adams saw his team slip to a third consecutive defeat. However by the end of October 2009 he had played in the opening 18 games of the season, picking up a goal on the way, and was confident of earning a new contract by the season's end. On 12 December 2009, he received the first sending off of his career, following a professional foul on Northampton Town's Adebayo Akinfenwa. This brought to an end his run of 29 consecutive starts, and kept him out of the team for the next six weeks, as manager Micky Adams switched his tactics during McCombe's absence, moving from a 3–5–2 to 4–4–2 formation. He was offered a new two-year contract by the club at the end of the season, which he quickly signed.
He started the 2010–11 campaign in fine form, and his strong performances in November 2010 saw him nominated for the League Two player of the month award. His strong performances continued throughout the season, and he was rewarded with the club's Player of the Year award.
Adams continued to use McCombe in the heart of the Vale defence at the start of the 2011–12 season, however he dropped him from the first team after 11 games in favour of loan signing Liam Chilvers. He marked his return to the first team on 14 October 2011 with the second goal of a 3–0 win over Northampton Town. However he was dropped after the next match, a 4–0 defeat at home to Morecambe, only to win back his first team place the following month after turning down the chance to leave the club on loan. With the loanees back at their parent clubs, Gareth Owen out injured and Clayton McDonald in court, McCombe helped to guide teenage centre-back Joe Davis through the final stages of the season. He agreed to sign a new two-year deal with the club in June 2012.
He formed a solid centre-back partnership with Clayton McDonald at the start of the 2012–13 season. On 27 October 2012 he was sent off for the second time in his career, again against Northampton at Sixfields, as he put in a late challenge on midfielder Alex Nicholls, who managed to score the opening goal of the game just before McCombe made his challenge; it was later confirmed that the tackle had broken Nicholls's leg. Opposition boss Aidy Boothroyd accepted McCombe's apology, and Northampton player Akinfenwa also stated that McCombe was "not a malicious character". McCombe himself picked up an injury on 1 January 2013, damaging knee ligaments in a defeat to Fleetwood Town, and was ruled out of action for several weeks. Vale secured promotion with a third-place finish at the end of the season, with McCombe playing 37 games in a regularly changing four back. Despite still being under contract, he chose to leave the club in the summer.
Mansfield Town.
McCombe signed for Mansfield Town on a free transfer in June 2013, and was described by manager Paul Cox as a "a commanding player who will add knowledge and experience to our defence". He left Field Mill by mutual consent in January 2014, having made only seven starts for Mansfield in the 2013–14 campaign.
York City.
McCombe signed for League Two team York City on a two-and-a-half-year contract on 12 January 2014, after his release from Mansfield. He made his debut as an 85th minute substitute for Ryan Jarvis in a 2–0 away defeat to Hartlepool United on 25 January 2014.
Personal life.
In January 2009, he was attending Manchester Metropolitan University, studying for a sports science qualification. He is a Sheffield Wednesday fan.
His elder brother Jamie is also a professional footballer.
Honours.
Hereford United
Port Vale
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="5884532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884532" title="Elizabeth Enright">
Elizabeth Enright

Elizabeth Enright, (1909–1968), was an American writer of children's books, an illustrator, writer of short stories for adults, literary critic and teacher of creative writing. Perhaps best known as the Newbery Medal winning author of "Thimble Summer" and the Newbery Honor book "Gone-Away Lake", she also authored the popular Melendy Quartet series. A multiple winner of the O. Henry Award, her short stories and articles for adults appeared in many popular magazines and have been reprinted in anthologies and textbooks.
Life and Death.
Elizabeth Enright was born September 17, 1909, in Oak Park, Illinois. Her father, Walter J. Enright, was a political cartoonist. Her mother, Maginel Wright Enright, (the younger sister of American architect Frank Lloyd Wright), was a book and magazine illustrator, a shoe designer for Capezio, and authored the memoir, "The Valley of the God-Almighty Joneses." The Enrights divorced when Elizabeth was eleven, and after that she attended boarding school in Connecticut. Her mother remarried, becoming Maginel Wright Barney. Originally Enright intended to be a dancer, and for a time she studied under Martha Graham. Her summers were spent in Nantucket, a location she later used in some of her books.
Preparing for a career as an illustrator, Enright studied at the Art Students League of New York in 1927–1928, and at the Parsons School of Design in Paris, France. Enright also reviewed children's literature for "The New York Times", taught creative writing at Barnard College, (1960–1962), and led writing seminars at colleges across the US.
Enright married Robert Gillham, an advertising executive with J. Walter Thompson, April 24, 1930. They had three sons: Nicholas, Robert and Oliver (1948–2008). On May 12, 2008, her son, Oliver Gillham, took his own life despondent over his wife's death from cancer.
There is some confusion surrounding the circumstances of her early death aged 58, with some claiming that she took her own life at her home in Wainscott, Long Island, on June 8, 1968. Her obituary in the New York Times on June 9, 1968 states that she "died in her sleep at her home... after a short illness."
She is buried in Wainscott Cemetery in Suffolk County, New York next to her husband and mother. There is also a flat stone commemorative tablet for Elizabeth Enright, her husband and mother in Unity Chapel Cemetery in rural Spring Green, Wisconsin, where many members of her mother's family, the Lloyd-Joneses, are buried. The cemetery is adjacent to Uncle Frank Lloyd Wright's home, Taliesin.
Career.
Beginning as a magazine illustrator, in 1930 Enright illustrated Marion King's "Kees". At one point Enright developed a series of sketches with an African flair. She then wrote a story to go with them, and in 1935 her first book, "Kintu: A Congo Adventure" was published. It is significant that reviewers sometimes preferred the story over the pictures, as this encouraged Enright to turn more and more to writing. After 1951 her children's books were illustrated by other artists.
Her next book, "Thimble Summer", blended memories of summers spent on Frank Lloyd Wright's farm in Wisconsin and family stories from her mother and grandmother. It received the Newbery Medal for 1939, making Enright, at thirty, one of the youngest writers ever to win the award.
Enright's "Gone-Away Lake" appeared in 1957 and became a Newbery Honor book. It also received the New York Herald Tribune's Children's Spring Book Festival Award. In 1963 the American Library Association named "Gone-Away Lake" as the U.S. nominee for the international Hans Christian Andersen Award, and in 1970 it received the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award. The first editions of "Gone-Away Lake" and its sequel, "Return to Gone-Away", were illustrated by Joe and Beth Krush. The most recently reissued American editions of the "Gone-Away" books featured cover art by "Harry Potter" illustrator Mary GrandPre, but retained the Krushes' interior illustrations.
Enright also wrote the popular Melendy Quartet, a series of four children's novels published between 1941 and 1951: "The Saturdays", "The Four-Story Mistake", "Then There Were Five", and "Spiderweb for Two." This series tells the adventures of four siblings who live in New York with their father, a writer, and a housekeeper named Cuffy.
"Tatsinda", a traditional fairy tale, was named an Honor Book in the 1963 New York Herald Tribune's Children's Spring Book Festival. Enright's final children's book, the story of a naughty fairy named "Zeee", appeared in 1966.
Enright's short stories for adult readers were published in "The New Yorker", "Ladies Home Journal", "Cosmopolitan", "The Yale Review", "Harper's Magazine" and "The Saturday Evening Post". They have been reprinted in anthologies, including "The Best American Short Stories" (1951, 1952) and "O. Henry Prize Stories" (1946, 1949, 1950, 1960); and were collected in "Borrowed Summer and Other Stories", "The Moment Before the Rain", and "The Riddle of the Fly". Her final book, "Doublefields: Memories and Stories", is a combination of short fiction and tales from her own life experiences.
Reception and legacy.
According to children's literature expert May Hill Arbuthnot, "Elizabeth Enright has a gift for realism" and her style is "forthright and lively". Speaking of the Melendy series, Anita Silvey wrote, "These cosmopolitan children are intelligent, artistic, affectionate, and, most of all, interesting." Reviewer Irene Haas says Enright's "Keen perception of childhood and her remarkable gifts as a writer place her books among the select few that are timeless and enduring." She goes on to say her books are ones to "become deeply involved in, to absorb easily and happily and to remember always."
According to Charisse Gendron, "Enright's most original contribution to children's literature remains her humorous and lyrical description of characters... They are ardently individual, each one, and... fascinating to read about."

</doc>
<doc id="5884542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884542" title="Amblyornis">
Amblyornis

The genus Amblyornis of the family Ptilonorhynchidae consists of four species of bowerbirds endemic to New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="5884553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884553" title="Cheng Chih-Lung">
Cheng Chih-Lung

Cheng Chih-Lung (鄭志龍; born August 29, 1969 in Taipei County (now New Taipei City), Taiwan) is a retired Taiwanese professional basketball player, a former member of the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China, and an active basketball coach. Cheng played small forward for the Chinese Taipei men's national basketball team and started as shooting guard for his professional clubs in Taiwan and Shanghai mostly in the last decade of the 20th century. During his prime, he was widely recognized as one of the best offensive players in Asia. After a brief but controversy-packed political career following his retirement as a player in 2001, Cheng has returned to courtside to coach in Taiwan's Super Basketball League (SBL) since 2007.
Playing career.
As a member of the Chinese Taipei youth team, teen-aged Cheng Chih-Lung was two-time scoring champion in the FIBA's Under-18 Asian Championship. At the age of 19, he became the then-youngest player on the Chinese Taipei adult team and helped his team to a third-place finish in FIBA Asia Championship 1989—Taiwan's best record in the tournament since its resumption of international sports participation in the mid-1980s. From then through 1999, Cheng played for the national team in various international tournaments and helped set the team's best records in all major tournaments in the region including winning Taiwan's first gold medal in men's basketball in the 1997 East Asian Games. As the representative star player of Taiwan, Cheng was selected to All-Tournament Team for the William Jones Cup international tournament for numerous times and to the FIBA Asian All-Star roster in 1998.
Initially nicknamed "Doctor" after Dr. J by his American coach, John Nealon, due to his jumping ability, Cheng Chih-Lung subsequently derived another nickname, "the Loach-Dragon" (泥鰍龍), from his shrewd playing style. A stable mid- and long range shooter, Cheng was also acclaimed for his smart offensive running, crafty moves, and great body coordination in the air that enabled him to "bore" through the defense like a slippery dojo loach and score from various angles and distances. As a Hung Kuo Elephant, he became the then-highest-paid basketball player in Taiwan and was the cornerstone of the "Hung Kuo dynasty" from 1996 through 1998 when the team won three consecutive championships of Taiwan's professional Chinese Basketball Alliance (中華職業籃球聯盟). He was named the most valuable player (MVP) for the 1995-1996 season and for the 1998 championship series where he almost single-handedly brought his team to its third title out of an 1-3 plight in the best-of-seven series against the powerful challenger, the Kaohsiung Mars.
After the Taiwanese professional league, as well as his home club, the Hung Kuo Elephants, came to disbandment due to financial difficulties in 1999, Cheng moved to play for the Shanghai Sharks of the Chinese Basketball Association in mainland China. Teamed up with the then-adolescent Yao Ming, Cheng helped the young Sharks advance to the finals for the first time in franchise history before they were defeated by the nearly invincible Bayi Rockets. First Taiwanese player to join the top-tier Chinese league, Cheng was selected to play in the postseason all-star game and received the league's sporting ethics award. After one rather successful season in China, Cheng returned to Taiwan to play for Dacin Tigers in the amateur Division-A conference (甲組聯賽) where he ended his playing career in the following year (2001).
After retirement as a player.
Under the arrangement of his sponsor Wang Jen-ta (王人達), the then-president of the executive board of the Republic of China Basketball Association (中華民國籃球協會) and a political ally of James Soong, Cheng Chih-Lung ran for and won the 2001 legislative election as the People First Party (PFP) nominee in the first district of Taipei County. His political career, however, was overshadowed by the scandal of extramarital affair with legislative colleague, Kao Chin Su-mei, and public censures for inaction. He divorced his wife in 2002 and did not seek another office at the termination of his only term as legislator.
In the capacity of legislator, nevertheless, Cheng Chih-Lung was given the credit of working with the government's Sports Affairs Council to give birth to the Super Basketball League, which started to function in 2003. In the fifth season of the league's existence, Cheng Chih-Lung accepted the commission to coach Taiwan Mobile Clouded Leopards and brought the losing team to an improved 15-15 record in the 2009-2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5884576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884576" title="Unforgettable (song)">
Unforgettable (song)

Unforgettable is a popular song written by Irving Gordon. The song's original working title was "Uncomparable". The music publishing company asked Irving to change it to "Unforgettable". The song was published in 1951.
The most popular version of the song was recorded by Nat King Cole in 1951, with an arrangement written by Nelson Riddle. A non-orchestrated version of the song recorded in 1952 is featured as a bonus track on the CD reissue of 1955's completely instrumental (save the bonus material) "Penthouse Serenade". Cole recorded the tune anew in 1961, in a stereo version of the Riddle arrangement, for the album "The Nat King Cole Story".
In 1991, after Elvis Presley's musical director Joe Guercio had the idea, Cole's original 1951 recording of the song was edited and remixed to create a duet with his daughter, Natalie, which won three awards at the Grammy Awards of 1992: Song of the Year, Record of the Year and Best Traditional Pop Vocal Performance.
Nat Cole's original recording was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2000.
Notable cover versions.
A partial list includes:

</doc>
<doc id="5884577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884577" title="Jacki Piper">
Jacki Piper

Jacqueline Crump (born 3 August 1948), known professionally by her stage name Jacki Piper, is an English actress, best known for her appearances as the female juvenile lead in the British film comedies "Carry On Up the Jungle" (1970), "Carry On Loving" (1970), "Carry On at Your Convenience" (1971), and "Carry On Matron" (1972).
Born in Manchester, Cheetham Hill her career began on stage in the mid-1960s, playing in repertory theatre in Rhyl, Wales, where she was billed as Jackie Crump. Her film career began with an appearance with Roger Moore in the film The Man Who Haunted Himself in 1970. For her film roles she decided to use a stage name, becoming Jacki Piper.
As well as her appearances in the "Carry On" films, she has had roles in several television series, including "Z-Cars", the situation comedy "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin" (in which she played the recurring role of market researcher Esther Pigeon), and "Dangerfield".
Her other UK television roles include - 
"Thriller" (1973), playing the Bride in the episode "Night Is the Time for Killing" (18 Jan 1975); 
"Return of the Saint" (1978), playing Sally in the episode "Tower Bridge Is Falling Down" (10 Dec 1978); 
"Backup" (1995), playing Jury Foreman in the episode "Touched" (11 June 1997); 
"Barbara" (1999), playing Angela Croft in the episode "Neighbours" (2 March 2003); 
"Wire in the Blood" (2002), playing Mrs Davis in the episode "Still She Cries" (19 January 2004). 
She still acts in TV, film and theatre. Her latest TV appearance to date was "Wire in the Blood" in 2004. She currently lives with her husband in Ordsall, Salford, Greater Manchester; they have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="5884581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884581" title="Palaeeudyptes marplesi">
Palaeeudyptes marplesi

Marples' penguin ("Palaeeudyptes marplesi") was a large species of the extinct penguin genus "Palaeeudyptes". It stood between 105 and 145 cm high in life, larger than the present emperor penguin. The precise relationship between this species and the slightly smaller narrow-flippered penguin ("Palaeeudyptes antarcticus") from somewhat younger rocks is not resolved; possibly, "P. marplesi" is a synonym or subspecies of "P. antarcticus".
This species is known from a partial skeleton, mainly leg bones (Otago Museum C.50.25 to C.50.45), recovered from Middle or Late Eocene Burnside Mudstone rocks (34-40 MYA) at Burnside, Dunedin. Many other bones are often assigned to this species. However, as most of them are only roughly dated and intermediate in size between this species and "P. antarcticus", they should not be referred to either taxon pending a comprehensive review of the New Zealand material of "Palaeeudyptes" (which will probably result in recognizing that "P. marplesi" was a larger progenitor species or subspecies of "P. antarcticus").
The binomen of this species honors Brian J. Marples, one of the foremost researchers of fossil penguins in the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="5884583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884583" title="Hugh Marwick">
Hugh Marwick

Dr Hugh Marwick (30 November 1881, Rousay, Orkney – 21 May 1965, Kirkwall) was an Orcadian scholar noted for his research on the Orkney Norn.
His MA was from the University of Edinburgh, who awarded his D.Litt in 1926 after he had worked many years on his doctoral thesis, the basis for his book "The Orkney Norn". While researching and writing, he was also headmaster of Kirkwall Grammar School (then called the Burgh School). He was appointed in 1914 after some years teaching in Lancashire, and continued as headmaster until 1929, when he was made director of the Orkney Education Committee, a post he held until 1946.
Dr Marwick was one of the founders of the Orkney Antiquarian Society in 1922 and was its Secretary for 17 years, during which he contributed papers to its "Proceedings". He was also a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland.
He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="5884588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884588" title="Scott Sanders (baseball)">
Scott Sanders (baseball)

Scott Gerald Sanders (born March 25, 1969 in Hannibal, Missouri) is a former Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher who played from –. In his career, Sanders played for the San Diego Padres (1993–, ), Seattle Mariners (), Detroit Tigers (1997–1998), and Chicago Cubs (1999). Sanders also started one game for the Cleveland Indians in , but performed poorly. After a few innings, rain caused the game to be cancelled, and all stats from the game were wiped out. Immediately after, Sanders was released. In , Sanders pitched in Japan for the Nippon Ham Fighters.
In his career, Sanders compiled a 34-45 record with 632 strikeouts and a 4.86 ERA.

</doc>
<doc id="5884618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884618" title="John Webb (judge)">
John Webb (judge)

John Webb (September 18, 1926 – September 18, 2008) was an American jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court (1986–1998). Prior to serving on North Carolina's highest court, Justice Webb had been a Superior Court (trial) judge and a judge of the North Carolina Court of Appeals. 
Webb was born in Nash County, North Carolina but lived most of his life in Wilson, North Carolina where one of his law partners was future Governor Jim Hunt. He was a veteran of the United States Navy, graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and from law school at Columbia University.
Near the end of his tenure on the Supreme Court, Justice Webb wrote the sole dissent in a case in which the Court upheld a trial court taking custody of children away from a gay father because of the father's relationship with a male. Justice Webb wrote: "There is virtually no showing that these acts by the defendant have adversely affected the two children. The test should be how the action affects the children and not whether we approve of it" (Pulliam v. Smith, 348 N.C. 616, 631 1998).
Webb died on September 18, 2008, on his 82nd birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="5884620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884620" title="Bumboo">
Bumboo

Bumboo is a 2012 Bollywood film. "Bumboo" is based on an original play/film "L'emmerdeur" written by Francis Veber.
Plot.
Professional hitman Mangal Singh takes a contract to kill stock market scammer Manu Gupta in front of the Goa High Court where he is to stand on trial. Mangal Singh plans to do the job from a hotel room which is opposite to the court.
Suresh Sudhakar, a press photographer is sent to Goa to cover Manu Gupta's trial and checks-in at the same hotel next to Mangal Singhs room.
Sudhakar tries to meet his ex-wife Pinky who is living in Goa. Pinky refuses to meetup or even talk and confers with her new boyfriend Dr D'Souza. Sudhakar threatens Pinky that he might commit suicide, but she does not believe him.
A depressed Sudhakar tries to commit suicide by hanging from the bathroom shower but fails. Bellboy Vincent (who is in Mangal Singh's room at that moment) hears the ruckus and opens the connecting-door between Mangal Singh & Sudhakar's room precipitating all characters to interact with each other.
Mangal Singh scared that cops might come to the room, assures Vincent that he will take care of Sudhakar. Assured by this promise Vincent leaves Sudhakar in the care of Mangal. Sudhakar in the meanwhile assumes that Mangal is a truly good Samaritan and taking fancy for his friendship does not let Mangal go anywhere or let him do his job.
Pinky's boyfriend Dr D'Souza (a psychiatrist) comes to the hotel to counsel Sudhakar not to commit suicide, but ends up meeting Mangal & mistakes him to be Sudhakar and gives him a sedative, preventing him from performing any work. Completely baffled by this turn of events, Mangal forces Sudhakar to call the Dr back who now comes with Pinky and wakes Mangal up but not before Pinky and Sudhakar have a conversation. This distresses the Dr.
Pinky has a major showdown with both Dr D'Souza and Sudhakar and leaves only to return and speak again to Sudhakar and convince him to go away.
During the course of the story Manu Gupta's entourage can be seen, travelling from Bombay to Goa in a police van disguised as a milk van with a group of commandos in it.
Manu Gupta finally reaches Goa but before he can be shot by Mangal, tremendous ruckus follows in the room where Mangal, Sudhakar, a cop and others fight it out and end up dangling from the hotel while a shot is accidentally fired from Mangal's gun and hits Manu Gupta's behind. Despite this, Manu Gupta reaches the court and gives his witness account. Mangal Singh retires to an Ashram due to the shock of forced friendship thrust upon him. Sudhakar gets Pinky back.
Reception.
"Bumboo" was released in 30 Mar 2012.
The film was not a great hit. It was a low-budget film and garnered a low response.

</doc>
<doc id="5884622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884622" title="The Runaway Bride (film)">
The Runaway Bride (film)

The Runaway Bride is a 1930 comedy film starring Mary Astor, Lloyd Hughes and Paul Hurst. It was directed by Donald Crisp, from a screenplay by Jane Murfin, adapted from the play, "Cooking Her Goose", by Lolita Ann Westman and H. H. Van Loan.
Plot.
Mary Gray and Dick Mercer are racing to Atlantic City, where they intend to elope, since Mary's wealthy parents would never approve of the marriage. In Atlantic City, they arrive at the humble efficiency hotel room Mary has rented. Dick is not impressed, and would prefer they stay in a fancier hotel. An argument ensues, ending with George storming out, leaving Mary alone. 
While waiting for Dick's return, a jewel thief, Red Dugan, arrives at the hotel room, with a policeman, Sergeant Daly in hot pursuit. Desperate, Dugan secretes a stolen necklace in Mary's purse, before being shot and killed by Daly, who is himself wounded in the gun battle. 
A chambermaid at the hotel, Clara Muldoon, suspects that the jewels have been passed to Mary. The police pick up Mary, Dick and Clara, but Mary is released. Attempting to flee from both Dick and the police, Mary seeks a job as a cook under an assumed name at the home of the wealthy bachelor, George Blaine. While there, a mutual attraction begins to develop between Mary and George. Clara, and the rest of the thieves' gang, trace Mary to Blaine's house, and abduct her while they recover the stolen jewels. 
The gang takes Mary to a fake hospital, where they hold her against her will. Blaine tracks Mary down and rescues her, just before the police arrive to arrest the jewel thieves. 
Notes.
Although Donald Crisp was a seasoned director, with dozens of silent films under his belt, this would be the first and last talking film he ever directed.
Reception.
The film made a profit of $15,000.

</doc>
<doc id="5884627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884627" title="A Problem from Hell">
A Problem from Hell

"A Problem from Hell": America and the Age of Genocide is a book by Samantha Power, at that time Professor of Human Rights Practice at Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government, which explores America's understanding of, response to, and inaction on genocides in the 20th century from the Armenian genocide to the "ethnic cleansings" of the Kosovo War. It won the J. Anthony Lukas Book Prize and the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 2003.
Power observes that American policymakers have been consistently reluctant to condemn mass atrocities as genocide or take responsibility for leading an international military intervention. She argues that without significant pressure from the American public, policymakers avoid the term "genocide" altogether. Instead, they appeal to the priority of national interests or argue (without merit, she contends) that a U.S. response would be futile and accelerate violence as a justification for inaction.
Summary.
Power begins with an outline of the international response to the Armenian Genocide (Chapter 1), and then describes Raphael Lemkin's efforts to lobby for American action against Nazi atrocities in Europe (Chapter 2). Then she describes further the difficulties of individuals' efforts to convince Americans and other members of the Allied Powers to recognize the Holocaust, which she explains were compounded by the focus on World War II and anti-Semitic indifference (Chapter 3). She continues in Chapter 4 to describe how Lemkin brought genocide to the forefront of foreign policy issues, leading to the 1948 U.N. Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. Chapter 5 describes Lemkin's mounting disappointments and multiplying adversaries until his death in 1959, whereupon Senator William Proxmire and others picked up the torch. She shows how Senator Proxmire and President Ronald Reagan worked to gain support for the ratification of the Genocide Convention (Chapter 7). In the rest of the book, she mainly focuses on individual genocides and the U.S. response in Cambodia, Iraq, Bosnia, Rwanda and Kosovo.
Reception.
Reviews.
Martin Woollacott reviewed the book, along with the book "We Did Nothing" by Linda Polman, for "The Guardian". He concluded: "We have yet to work out properly how the post-twin towers interventions relate to those that went before. But there is obvious irony in the fact that while previously, as these books illustrate so clearly, determination was often lacking to deal with crises that most people agreed were serious, there was no shortage of it when the Bush administration moved to deal with a crisis on which there was no global consensus at all."
Stephen Holmes reviewed the book, along with "" by David Halberstam, for the London Review of Books. Holmes wrote: "Putting an end to atrocities is a moral victory. But if the intervening force is incapable of keeping domestic support back home for the next phase, for reconstructing what it has shattered, the morality of its intervention is ephemeral at best. If political stability could be achieved by toppling a rotten dictator or if nations could be built at gunpoint, this problem would not be so pressing. Human rights cannot be reliably protected unless a locally sustained political authority is in place."
Charles V. Peña, then affiliated with the Cato Institute, reviewed the book for "Reason", concluding: "That is exactly the point of Power’s compelling narrative: The horror and tragedy of genocide is a moral issue that transcends national interest. But to prevent another Rwanda, the United States must also have the wisdom to avoid another Somalia."
Laura Secor reviewed the book for the "New York Times". The book was also reviewed in "Publishers Weekly".
Study guides.
Bookrags.com has published a detailed study guide of the book.

</doc>
<doc id="5884647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884647" title="Fillmore Street">
Fillmore Street

Fillmore Street is a street in San Francisco, California, named after American President Millard Fillmore which starts in the Lower Haight neighborhood, and travels northward through the Fillmore District and Pacific Heights and ends in the Marina District. It serves as the main thoroughfare and namesake for the Fillmore District neighborhood. 
Fillmore Street that runs through the Fillmore neighborhood reflects the neighborhoods diversity: family-owned neighborhood-serving retail mixes with chain stores, jazz clubs, ethnic restaurants of many varieties, and empty storefronts. Some of the stores, restaurants, and clubs lost to redevelopment are memorialized by plaques on the sidewalk. Other ties to the neighborhood's past remain as well; for example, the building that once housed Jimbo's Bop City—a nightclub frequented by noted jazz musicians of the 40's and 50's—was moved during redevelopment to Fillmore Street, where it now houses an Afrocentric book store, Marcus Bookstore.
Fillmore street is also known for "The Triangle", which is where Fillmore meets Greenwich street. Triangle is an infamous area, describing 3 corners of the intersection with the bars Balboa Cafe, East Side West and City Tavern.

</doc>
<doc id="5884653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884653" title="Kibirige Mayanja">
Kibirige Mayanja

Muhammad Kibirige Mayanja is the founder and first President of the Justice Forum party in Uganda. His first attempt at Politics was in 1994 when he contested for a Constituent Assembly (CA) seat in Kawempe North constituency, where he finished in second position. In 1996, the then little known Kibirige Mayanja took the country by surprise when he rose up to challenge President Yoweri Museveni for the country's presidency [http://um-bs.com/2011/11/15/evaluation-of-jeema-party-the-1st-to-be-headed-by-a-muslim/]. True to his promise, he traversed the country in a three-man presidential bid, putting up a spirited campaign to the end of the race in which he obtained at least 2.5 percent of the valid votes cast, and finishing behind the leading two candidates, Yoweri K. Museveni and Ssemwogerere Paul Kawanga. A director of Planning and development at Makerere University at the time, Mayanja returned to his University job, and laid new strategies for recruiting supporters to his newly found Party, Justice Forum, famously called JEEMA by most Ugandans. He bounced back in the presidential race in 2001, which attracted a double number of candidates than the earlier one of 1996. In the 2001 elections, he completed in the fourth position. Ugandan Presidency .
Given his humble background and the courage to challenge the present leadership, Mayanja inspired many Ugandans at all levels who were hitherto political spectators to stand up to the challenge. He brought several youths into his Justice Forum party. Two of these eloquent youths Asuman Basalirwa and Yususf Kiranda became guild presidents at Makerere University, under his party sponsorship. After 14 years of steering the young party, Kibirige stepped down, handing over the party leadership to the youthful Asuman Basalirwa in 2005. Before working for Makerere University, where he spent ten years as a Planner, he had worked with the Ministry of Education for twelve years. He is now the Chairman of Justice Forum (JEEMA), and a Consultant in the East African region under a private company called Alphabeta project consultants for which he is the Chief Executive Officer.

</doc>
<doc id="5884659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884659" title="Myrmica">
Myrmica

Myrmica is a genus of ants within the subfamily Myrmicinae. It is widespread throughout the temperate regions of the Holarctic and high mountains in Southeast Asia. The genus consists of around 200 known species, and additional subspecies, although this figure is likely only to rise as soon as Chinese and Neartic fauna lists are revised. The genus contains a number of inquiline species (commensal symbionts), other "Myrmica" species that manage to invade the nest of their host. Subsequently, they use hormones to manipulate the host colony in such a way that eggs of the host queen develop into workers, and parasite brood into sexuals. Hence, the parasite is not able to sustain a colony of its own, but uses host resources instead. This parasitism is employed primarily by "Phengaris" butterflies with specific species such as "Phengaris arion" forming predatory relationships.
Similarly, larvae of the butterfly genus "Maculinea" (Lepidoptera, family Lycaenidae) live inside "Myrmica" nests where they are either directly fed by ants or prey upon ant brood. The five European large blue butterfly species are facing extinction and are subject to large conservation efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="5884663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884663" title="Kibuli Secondary School">
Kibuli Secondary School

Kibuli Secondary School is a mixed boarding secondary school in Uganda. Located in the Kibuli suburb in Kampala, the Muslim faith-based but non-sectarian school sits on one of Kampala’s seven hills, Kibuli Hill enjoying a reputation as a leading academic centre with a rich history of sporting achievements.
According to Prince Lukanga Khalifan Kakungulu, himself an alumnus of Kibuli Secondary School, his father Prince Badru Kakungulu donated on Kibuli Hill, where the school was constructed.
Alumni.
"Politics and government"
badru kiggundu 
Bakshi Asuman- Executive Director CHAIN AFRICA
Information Technology
Engineering
"Military"

</doc>
<doc id="5884665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884665" title="Robert Martin (Oklahoma)">
Robert Martin (Oklahoma)

Robert Martin (1833–1897) served as Acting Governor of Oklahoma Territory from 1891 to 1892.
Biography.
Robert Martin was born in Frankfort Springs, Beaver County, Pennsylvania. He read law and began practice in Ohio. Moving from Wichita, Kansas, he settled in Harrison, Oklahoma Territory, in 1889. He worked for the adoption of the Organic Act. 
Career.
After a move to El Reno, Martin was appointed Secretary of Oklahoma Territory in 1890. at the same time US President Benjamin Harrison appointed George Washington Steele as Oklahoma Territory's first Governor. Serving as Governor Steele's second-in-command of the Territory, Martin assumed the governorship when Steele resigned on May 22, 1890. Martin would serve as acting governor until President Harrison appointed Abraham Jefferson Seay on February 1, 1892. He later moved to Guthrie where he was elected Mayor. 
Death.
Martin died in Guthrie and is buried in Summit View Cemetery, Guthrie, Logan County, Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="5884675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884675" title="K. Velayudham Nayar">
K. Velayudham Nayar

K. Velayudham Nayar was an Indian politician. He was born in Kerala, but was politically active in Tamil Nadu. He belonged to the All India Forward Bloc. After the demise of the AIFB stalwart and Lok Sabha member U. Muthuramalingam Thevar, Nayar contested the Lok Sabha bye-election for Thevar's seat from the Aruppukottai constituency in 1964. His candidature was supported by the Swatantra Party, the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and the Indian Union Muslim League. Nayar was however defeated by the Congress candidate R.K. Dorai (brother of the Raja of Ramnad).
In 1968 Nayar (then a central committee member of the party), together with S. Andi Thevar broke away from AIFB and founded the Revolutionary Forward Bloc. Nayar accused the Forward Bloc of deviating from its socialist principles through its cooperation with the rightwing Swantantra Party. Nayar became the chairman of RFB. The RFB was, however, reunified with AIFB in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="5884694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884694" title="Poecilia wingei">
Poecilia wingei

Poecilia wingei, known to aquarists as Endler's guppy or Endler's livebearer, in the genus "Poecilia", is native to the Paria Peninsula in Venezuela.
History.
"Poecilia wingei" is a very colorful guppy species, similar to the Fancy guppy often found in pet shops. The species was first collected from Laguna de Patos in Venezuela by Franklyn F. Bond in 1937, and rediscovered by Dr. John Endler in 1975. The latter were the first examples of this fish to make it to the aquarium trade. More have been collected since then, notably by Armando Pou, to expand the captive breeding stock. The original Laguna de Patos population is threatened by runoff from a municipal garbage dump. Though it is rare in pet shops, this species is seen occasionally in the aquaria of enthusiasts.
Although not yet taken up into the IUCN Red List of endangered species, they are in danger of extinction in the wild, as humans enter their natural habitat, polluting and destroying it.
According to Stan Shubel, the author of "Aquarium Care for Fancy Guppies", the Endler guppy is, in fact, not a separate species; it has the same genetic makeup as the common guppy, yet is given its own name, "Poecilia wingei", for conservation purposes. However, in 2009 S. Schories, M. K. Meyer and M. Schartl published on the basis of molecular data that "Poecilia wingei" is a separated taxon from "P. reticulata" and "P. obscura". Because of this, their taxonomy is greatly controversial.
In the aquarium.
Endler's livebearers are hardy and undemanding in the aquarium, though they prefer hard, warm water. The warmer the water, the faster they will grow; however, this also seems to shorten their lifespans. They can be kept at 18–29°C (64–84°F), but their optimum temperature seems to be 24–27°C (75-81°F). This is slightly higher than their guppy cousins, which prefer 23–25°C (73-77°F). They do best if kept in tanks with plants (preferably live plants, but fake will do) to give them hiding places and (although they may be less likely than guppies to eat their own young) give the fry a better chance at survival. Some of them are determinedly suicidal jumpers, so a cover on the tank is a must.
Endler's may be fed any of a variety of dried, frozen, or freeze-dried foods, as long as the food will fit into their relatively small mouths. They are particularly fond of frozen bloodworms, and will often attempt to consume worms nearly as long as they are.
Endler's are very responsive to light and movement. After they learn that humans equate to food, human movement will trigger frantic "begging", regardless of whether the fish are actually hungry or not. Darkness will signal it is time to sleep. Most Endler's will sink to the bottom of the tank and lie there until the light returns, although in community tanks with larger fish that inhabit the depths, some Endler's will "sleep" near the top.
Breeding.
The colors of Endler's livebearer males are very intense, especially the black, orange, and metallic green colors. Their natural patterns are highly variable, though many display a double sword tail. Breeders have developed numerous lines displaying specific patterns and colors, such as red chest, black bar, peacock, yellow sword, etc.
They are prolific breeders like their guppy relatives. They give birth to live young approximately every 23 days. Fry "drops" can range in size from one to 30 babies (or possibly more, depending on several variables, including the age and size of the mother). Their first few hours of life will primarily be spent on the bottom of the tank, where they consume their yolk sacs. At this time they are most vulnerable to predators, including their own mothers and other Endler females (males seem less interested in cannibalism).
The fry can be fed powdered fry food, baby brine shrimp, and crushed flake food. They will also nibble on the layer of algae and microorganisms that forms on aquatic plants. Even adult brine shrimp are not beyond their capability, as several fry will gang up on a brine shrimp their own size and tear it apart.
The males will start to show color in approximately three to four weeks, but it can be several months before they develop the full depth and richness of color that characterizes Endlers. The colors of a male Endler will gradually intensify over the first six months of their lives. Tail extensions similar to that seen in a swordtail are not uncommon, but are much shorter. Most often, what appears to be a sword extension can be seen as intense coloring along the edge of an otherwise transparent tail. While giving the impression of a sword it turns out to just be good coloring.
Females will spend their entire lives with rather unexciting coloring. Depending on their environments, females will range from a pale silver to a dull, dark gold, but have the ability to change their coloring somewhat if they are moved from a light environment to a dark one (or vice versa). When full-grown, adult females can be as much as twice the size of males.
The birth process can be stressful for the females, and some will not survive long after large births. The ones that do not do well will often turn grey and will start to "wither away" until they eventually die.
Hybrids.
Endler guppies ("P. wingei") can be crossed with other guppy species ("P. reticulata", "P. obscura" guppies), and the hybrid offspring are fertile. This is considered to dilute the gene pool and therefore is avoided by fish breeders who wish to maintain pure strains. Many fish sold in pet stores as Endler's livebearers are actually these hybrids. In addition, as "P. reticulata" has been found in the same bodies of water as "P. wingei", natural hybridization may also occur in the wild.

</doc>
<doc id="5884697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884697" title="Hexplore">
Hexplore

Hexplore is a 1998 role-playing video game from Infogrames (Atari) and Doki Denki Studio.
Premise.
Set in 1000 AD, the player explores the world as MacBride, the adventurer. Early in the game you are joined by three party members, an archer, a warrior and a sorcerer. The player must track down Garkham, the black magician, to free the main characters' companions that were taken prisoner.
The game continues the story from there, and characters may leave or join the party (of a maximum of four members) in subsequent missions. Most of the characters are optional, which means the user may or may not recruit them for future quests.
The game features over 200 levels with puzzle-solving and combat, and allows up to 4 players in cooperative multiplayer mode.
Technical details.
The game's engine utilises voxels for creating 3-D shapes and the level, being then relatively fast at the time it was released. The game world is seen from a top-down, isometric perspective, and the player is allowed to rotate the camera round the centre of view.

</doc>
<doc id="5884707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884707" title="It's Only a Paper Moon">
It's Only a Paper Moon

"It's Only a Paper Moon" is a popular song written by Harold Arlen and published in 1933, with lyrics by E. Y. Harburg and Billy Rose. It was written originally for an unsuccessful Broadway play called "The Great Magoo", set in Coney Island. It was subsequently used in the movie "Take a Chance", in 1933, and Paul Whiteman recorded a successful version, sung by Peggy Healey. But its lasting fame stems from recordings by popular artists during the last years of World War II, when versions by Ella Fitzgerald and the Nat King Cole Trio became popular. It has endured as a vehicle for improvisation by many jazz musicians.
There was a resurgence of interest in the song when the Paul Whiteman Orchestra's recording was used in the 1973 Oscar-winning film "Paper Moon". The song also featured in and lent its name to the "" episode , being performed in that episode by James Darren.
A verse from this song was used by the Japanese author Haruki Murakami as the theme for his prize-winning epic "1Q84".

</doc>
<doc id="5884726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884726" title="Holy Cross Catholic School, Marine City, Michigan">
Holy Cross Catholic School, Marine City, Michigan

Holy Cross Catholic School is a K-8 School in Marine City, Michigan. It is part of Holy Cross Catholic Church which is connected to the school. Many students later go to Cardinal Mooney College Preparatory High School which is right next door. Cardinal Mooney and Holy Cross share a cafeteria, gym, and rec area.

</doc>
<doc id="5884733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884733" title="William 'Bill' Corbett">
William 'Bill' Corbett

William 'Bill Dup' Corbett (born 10 September 1965, Surbiton, Surrey) is an English disk jockey, photographer, historian and former musician who lives in London, England. He has also written a book on the Shakespeare authorship question.
"The Apostles".
Corbett was one of the founding members and original vocalist of "The Apostles", an anarcho-punk band that formed in Hackney in 1979. He published many anarchist diatribes and fanzines in the early 1980s, such as "Precautions essentiales pour la bonne" and "Luz y Fuerza", and promoted gigs for "Crass", "Zounds", "The Mob", "Rudimentary Peni", "Flux Of Pink Indians", "Primal Chaos" and "Hagar the Womb". For several years he was the 'key-holder' for the Wapping Autonomy Centre.
Corbett studied art and photography at Chelsea College of Art from 1982 until 1984, when he dropped out and formed the band "Savage Eden" with ex Apostle Julian Portinari and Seamus Brady (Crux and ex-IRA H-Block resident). The band were hounded by authorities until their demise in 1987, when Corbett and Portinari formed "Pallor" with Ben Bethell and Dan Macintyre (another ex-Apostle). The band released one album "Four more cunts on the road to nowhere" which achieved cult status on the anarcho-punk scene in the late 80's.
"Bill Dup".
He was married in July 1987 to Bodil Magdalena Hortlund, the same year he appeared in two of film director Alex Chandon's horror films, "Bad Karma" and "Drillbit", both of which won several awards, and Chandon has gone on to become one of UK's premier horror film directors with the films Pervarella and Inbred to his name. In 1990 Corbett became a DJ at the London nightclub Spoon, and from 1992–2004 travelled the world under the name DJ Bill Dup, playing at the Full Moon Party in Ko Pha Ngan, Thailand. The punk connection continued in to the new techno scene, seeing Corbett work with D.A.V.E The drummer aka Henry Cullen on the ground-breaking single 'The Big G'. In 1996 he moved to Hong Kong and spent two years working for The Triads as resident DJ in the seedy Wan Chai district at The Big Apple. Bill Dup played an eclectic mix of Trance and Techno dance music six nights a week, working from midnight until 10am or beyond and he released remixes for local band, EXP. In 1999 he released the album "Dusted Down" and played at the Ministry of Sound, Cream, Renaissance and Filthy Society. In 2002 he played at Tate Britain for the young British artists exhibition and followed this with a tour in 2003 of the United States and Mexico. From 2004-7 he was resident DJ at Propaganda nightclub in Soho, London. In 2007 he attended the Gnaoua festival in Essaouira Morocco and played at Pacha in Marrakesh. He is currently resident DJ at Thirst Soho, London and Salvador and Amanda, Bloomsbury, London.
Photography.
Corbett's photographic work has been widely published. In August 2006, his portrait of Bella Freud appeared in "Harper's Bazaar". In 2008 he was interviewed by the "New York Times" while shooting on location in Essaouira, Morocco. He photographed the band Alabama 3 of The Sopranos fame in 2008 for their album, "M.O.R." and, in 2010, he photographed Zodiac Mindwarp and the Love Reaction for their CD, "We Are Volsung".
Although he is not a member of the Colony Room or Gerry's club, he has photographed extensively in both, releasing a book of smokers portraits before the smoking ban came into force in 2007 called; "Gerry-Go-Round". This was followed in 2011 by a book of photographs documenting the demise of the Soho drinking establishment, the Colony Room Club, entitled "Behind the Green Door" exhibited as part of the 'One More for The Road' show at Soho's Reading Room Gallery.
Shakespeare authorship.
In 2013 Corbett published his biography of Sir Lewes Lewkenor, Master of the Ceremonies to James I and translator of Gasparo Contarini's "The Commonwealth and Government of Venice", considered by scholars to be the basis of the Venetian settings for "The Merchant of Venice" and "Othello". Corbett claims to have demonstrated that Lewkenor was the true author of the plays attributed to William Shakespeare. His initial insight came about when he noticed the similarity between Lewkenor's use of the phrase "the stings and terrors of a guilty conscience" in 1594 and Hamlet's famous "the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune".
His book, "Master of the Ceremonies", details the relationship between Lewkenor and Shakespeare, arguing that there is a coded Catholic message that underlies the plays and that Lewkenor's stylistic fingerprints can be found in them.

</doc>
<doc id="5884736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884736" title="The Washington Daily News">
The Washington Daily News

The Washington Daily News was an afternoon tabloid-style newspaper serving the Washington, DC, metropolitan area. In this case, the term "tabloid" is merely a reference to the paper format and does not imply a lack of journalistic standards.
History.
"The Washington Daily News" was owned by the E. W. Scripps Company. The newspaper was born on November 8, 1921 and competed with four established local daily newspapers, the "Washington Post", the "Washington Times" (not to be confused with the current "Washington Times"), the "Washington Herald", and the "Washington Star" ("The Evening Star"). The newspaper's masthead had "The News" printed in large, bold letters, with "Washington Daily" printed in small letters between them, over a rendering of the U.S. Capitol dome. In August 1972, "The Washington Daily News" was purchased by and merged with the competing" Washington Star". The newspaper was soon renamed the "Washington Star News". By the late 1970s the word "News" completely disappeared from the title. During the 1960s and early 1970s, their offices were located across the street from DCFD Engine Company 16, which was the odd side of the 1000 block of 13th St. NW.
Personalities.
"The Washington Daily News" was the home newspaper for Ernie Pyle, the famed war correspondent. People who gained recognition while working at the "Daily News" include Judy Mann, who was part of an early Vietnam protest sit-in at Columbia. Others who gained recognition from the "News" included Bill Beall who won a Pulitzer for a photo of trust between a child and a police officer; and Samuel A. Stafford - Heywood Broun Award winner (and Pulitzer runner-up for investigative reporting) famous for stories that unmasked the Surplus Food program abuses which led to the modern SNAP and WIC programs; and horse racing analyst Andrew Beyer.
The paper was the favored newspaper of the D.C-majority African-American population in Washington at a time when this market for newspapers was secondary. When it finally closed its doors in 1972, the huge letters outside the printing presses and offices were removed and given to the reporters and others as keepsakes, some of which were turned into coffee tables.

</doc>
<doc id="5884738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884738" title="Ivey Wingo">
Ivey Wingo

Ivey Brown Wingo (July 8, 1890 – March 1, 1941) was an American professional baseball player. He played all or part of seventeen seasons in Major League Baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals and Cincinnati Reds, primarily as a catcher.
Early life.
It is not known exactly where Ivey Wingo was born, with some accounts say Gainesville, Georgia and others Norcross, Georgia. Regardless, he spent the entirety of his life as a resident of the state of Georgia.
Playing days.
Wingo spent the first four years of his career (1911–14) with the Cardinals and last thirteen years with the Reds. He also managed the Reds for two games during the 1916 season. He led the National League in at bats per strikeout (30.7) in 1917.
Wingo is best known for being the backstop for the 1919 World Series Championship Reds team. That team is known for winning the a series fixed by, amongst others, Arnold Rothstein and Abe "Little Champ" Attell. He played with the Reds until 1926, then continued with the team as a coach before getting in one final major league appearance on the last day of the 1929 season, replacing regular catcher Johnny Gooch in the late innings of a game against the Cardinals.
Overview.
At the time of his retirement, he held the National League record for games caught in a career at 1,233. He still holds the post-1900 major league records for most career errors by a catcher (234).
Honors.
Wingo was selected to the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5884748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884748" title="E (film)">
E (film)

E (Tamil: ஈ, English: "The Fly") is a 2006 Tamil Medical Thriller film directed by S.P.Jananathan, who won the Indian National Award in 2004 for his debut, "Iyarkai". Jiiva, Nayantara, Karunaas and Pasupathy play lead roles. The film's music is composed by director, Vidyasagar son of Deva.The film was appreciated for its fresh storyline. This film has some similarities with English film V for Vendetta
Plot.
The movie revolves around Easwaran alias E (Jiiva), an orphan brought up in the musty, teeming slums of Chennai by an old woman. For him money is the thing in life, he does anything for that. He Comes across Jothy (Nayantara), a bar dancer, who settles down in the same locality. After a few encounters they get acquainted with each other. E's simple ways attract Jothy.
Coming to know of his past, Jothy tries desperate to correct his ways and set him on the right path. Meanwhile Dr Ramakrishnan (Ashish Vidyarthi) takes up the task of testing a medicine devised by a foreign company, which may come handy in killing people in thousands especially during times of wars. Dr Ramakrishnan chooses Jothy's sister and E's grandmother as specimen for the test. He cashes in on the ignorance to slum-dwellers. Things take a turn, when E rescues Dr Ramakrishnan from a murder bid by Nellai Mani (Pasupathy).
A sequence of events brings Nellai Mani and E together. Without knowing his motive, E hides him in a secret place and decides to hand him over to Dr Ramakrishnan for a huge sum. Slowly E gets attracted by good ways of Nellai Mani. Through him, E comes to know of Ramakrishnan's ulterior motives. Nellai Mani, a revolutionary fighting for a cause, tries to bring about a change in E's heart. Succeeding in his attempt, Nellai Mani lays down his life leaving E to complete his task. The rest is all about E's show all the way in putting an end to Ramakrishnan and his evil ways.
Box office.
The film was a commercial success grossing $2 million at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="5884753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884753" title="Porth yr Ogof">
Porth yr Ogof

Porth yr Ogof is a cave located near the village of Ystradfellte, near the southern boundary of the Brecon Beacons National Park in Wales. In 1998 the cave's passageways had been measured as over 2.25 km in length. Among the cave's fifteen entrances is the largest cave entrance in Wales and one of the largest in the UK standing at nearly 20m wide and 8m tall (but many of those entrances are only accessible to cave divers). The cave was used as a show cave many years ago, but it does not have the attractions of more decorated caves such as Dan yr Ogof, and so today the cave is more often used to introduce people to the enjoyment of the exploration of caves.
Inside the cave.
Entry to Porth yr Ogof is most often made through the wide Main Entrance, either using a dry ledge on the left or by wading through the knee-deep river to the centre and right. Cavers are presented various challenges inside, including The Wormhole (a curving crawl tube on the right wall of the Main Entrance), The Letterbox (a rectangular space in the passage) and The Creek, home to Death Ledge on its nearside wall. There are also two features named the Washing Machine - both feature large expanses of water.
Porth yr Ogof is now uncommercialised, and is also invaluable as a learning resource for caving. Along with the other attractions in the cave, two short potholes are easily accessible by amateur potholers. The cave is generally wet, however; White Horse Pool, named so because of the shape of the calcite deposit on the back wall, is several metres in depth despite the shallowness of the edges, and there are many sumps (completely flooded passageways), the majority of which exist in the portions of the cave north of the Trademan's Entrance.
Deaths.
There have been eleven deaths at Porth yr Ogof since 1957, and all but one have lost their lives in the cold, fast-flowing and 4-5 metre deep Resurgence Pool at the far end of the cave, where the river Mellte resurges (emerges). 
No one should attempt to cross this pool or leave the cave by this route unless they are properly equipped, are excellent swimmers, and have the training and experience to do so safely.
Geological and human history.
'Porth yr Ogof' means 'the mouth of the cave' in Welsh, most notably because of the gaping maw that is the Main Entrance. The cave lies on the Afon Mellte and is located in a comparatively narrow band of carboniferous limestone. The river bed is dry from Ystradfellte onwards, the river only rising to the surface again just before the cave.
The cave has been known to humans for many centuries , as it is not easily overlooked once one is in the valley, but because of the passageway's susceptibility to severe flooding there has been no evidence found of any prehistoric human habitation. The cave and its many visible fossils was mentioned in the writings of Edward Lhuyd, and in the 19th century it was mentioned again by the first pioneers of caving.

</doc>
<doc id="5884755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884755" title="Frantz Hunt Coe">
Frantz Hunt Coe

Frantz Hunt Coe (1856–1904) was a Seattle physician, public official and educator.
Coe was born November 28, 1856, in St. Charles, Illinois to Matthew Daniel Coe, M.D., and his wife Susan Farwell. He first attended the University of Michigan, where he graduated with an AB in 1879, and became a teacher. Shortly afterward, on August 17, 1880, he married Carrie Everett of Chelsea, Michigan.
With his father a physician, and not being quite satisfied on a teacher's salary, he went to medical school in 1884. (He is listed as a student in the Ann Arbor, Michigan address directory in 1886.) He graduated in 1888 with an M.D.
Coe and his wife promptly moved to Seattle, where in 1890 he is listed as partners with Gideon A. Weed "Physicians & Surgeons" at 606 Pike Street. A family researcher states that he was also surgeon for the Northern Pacific Railway and Seattle Traction Company and secretary of the Washington State Medical Society. He was Seattle's Public Health Officer in 1898.
"He wrote in his journal, 'I am absolutely satisfied women make better principals than men and wish to open up a new era in Seattle schools.'"
He served on the Seattle School Board from 1901 to 1904, his term ending with his death on July 16, 1904, in Seattle. Due to his prominence in the community and his enduring work for education, the Coe Elementary School was named after him in 1907.
Coe and his wife had two sons, Herbert and Harry, and one daughter, Francel (Frances?).

</doc>
<doc id="5884761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884761" title="Osteochondrodysplasia">
Osteochondrodysplasia

Osteochondrodysplasia is a general term for a disorder of the development (dysplasia) of bone ("osteo") and cartilage ("chondro").
Types.
Achondroplasia.
"Achondroplasia" is a type of autosomal dominant genetic disorder that is a common cause of 
dwarfism. Achondroplastic dwarfs have short stature, with an average adult height of 131 cm (4 feet, 3.8 inches) for males and 123 cm (4 feet, 0.6 inches) for females. 
The prevalence is approximately 1 in 25,000.
Cleidocranial dysostosis.
"Cleidocranial dysostosis" is a general skeletal condition named for the collarbone (cleido-) and cranium deformities which people with it often have. Common features include:
Fibrous dysplasia.
"Fibrous dysplasia" causes bone thinning and growths or lesions in one or more bones of the human body.
These lesions are tumor-like growths that consist of replacement of the medullary bone with fibrous tissue, causing the expansion and weakening of the areas of bone involved. Especially when involving the skull or facial bones, the lesions can cause externally visible deformities. The skull is often, but not necessarily, affected, and any other bone(s) can be involved.
Langer-Giedion syndrome.
"Langer-Giedion syndrome" is a very rare genetic disorder caused by a deletion of chromosomal material. Diagnosis is usually made at birth or in early childhood.
The features associated with this condition include mild to moderate learning difficulties, short stature, unique facial features, small head and skeletal abnormalities including bony growths projecting from the surfaces of bones.
Maffucci syndrome.
"Maffucci syndrome" is a sporadic disease characterized by the presence of multiple enchondromas associated with multiple simple or cavernous soft tissue hemangiomas. Also lymphangiomas may be apparent.
Patients are normal at birth and the syndrome manifests during childhood and puberty. The enchondromas affect the extremities and their distribution is asymmetrical.
Osteosclerosis.
"Osteosclerosis", an elevation in bone density, is normally detected on an X-ray as an area of whiteness, and is where the bone density has significantly increased. Localized osteosclerosis can be caused by injuries that compress the bone, by osteoarthritis, and osteoma.

</doc>
<doc id="5884765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884765" title="Sumba and Sumbawa Pony">
Sumba and Sumbawa Pony

The Sumba Pony and Sumbawa Pony are named after the islands on which they are bred -- Sumba and Sumbawa Island respectively. However, the two breeds are very similar. The ponies descended from Mongolian Horses and ancient Chinese stock. A closely related breed also developed in these islands is the Sandalwood Pony, which came from crossing the native ponies on horses of Arabian breeding. 
Uses.
Sumba and Sumbawa ponies are today used for pack, riding, and light draft work. They are incredibly strong, and many are ridden by men in games of lance throwing despite never reaching 13 hands high. Young boys also ride the ponies bareback in traditional dance competitions, manuveuring them in patterns as instructed. The knee of the ponies are decorated with bells, that chime in rhythm to the drumming.
Characteristics.
The ponies are quick, agile, athletic, and fast, with great endurance, and a willing temperament. They usually have primitive coloring, being dun with a dorsal stripe and black points, although they may be any color. The Sumba and Sumbawa have a heavy head, short, muscular neck, and low withers. The back is usually long, although it is still strong, and the legs are fine but tough with good hooves. Most ponies do not exceed 12.2 hh, and the average height is around 12 hh.
There are eight pony breeds native to Indonesia, the others are the Batak Pony, Gayoe, Deli pony, Bali Pony, Java Pony, and Timor Pony. 

</doc>
<doc id="5884770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884770" title="Amelia Bloomer Project">
Amelia Bloomer Project

The Amelia Bloomer Project is an annual book list published by the Feminist Task Force of the American Library Association's Social Responsibilities Round Table for the purpose of honoring children's books with feminist themes published during the award year. The project organizers state the criteria for a book's inclusion in the list as:
The list has been published annually since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5884794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884794" title="Joseph Branch">
Joseph Branch

Joseph Branch (1915–1991) was an American jurist who served as Associate Justice (1966–1979) and then Chief Justice (1979–1986) of the North Carolina Supreme Court. He was a native of Halifax County, North Carolina and earned his law degree from Wake Forest University.
Branch served in the state House of Representatives from 1947 through 1954. He was a close advisor to Governor Luther Hodges in the 1950s and managed the successful 1964 campaign of Governor Daniel K. Moore. Moore appointed Branch to fill a Supreme Court vacancy in 1966. Branch was then elected by the voters in 1966, 1968, and 1976. Governor Jim Hunt appointed Branch to replace Susie Sharp as Chief Justice in 1979, making him the state's twentieth Chief Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="5884797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884797" title="George Elliot">
George Elliot

George Elliot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884802" title="Bridgeland Community, Texas">
Bridgeland Community, Texas

Bridgeland Community is an master-planned community under construction in unincorporated Harris County, Texas to the northwest of Houston between U.S. Highway 290 and Interstate 10. Bisecting Bridgeland will be Segment E of the Grand Parkway, a 15.2-mile thoroughfare that broke ground in 2011 and is expected to open in late 2013.
Planned for 20,000 homes and approximately 65,000 residents, Bridgeland is being developed by The Howard Hughes Corporation, which also develops The Woodlands, Columbia, and Summerlin. Bridgeland was named Community of the Year in 2009 by the National Association of Home Builders and was Developer of the Year in 2011 by the Texas Association of Builders.
History.
The parcel of land now known as Bridgeland is located along the eastern boundary of the Katy Prairie and traversed by a portion of the Cypress Creek riparian corridor. In the mid-1800s, European settlers began to establish small farms within the Katy Prairie, growing corn, potatoes and cotton and raising cattle. The land primarily became used for rice farming during the 1940s and through the next two decades. After rice production ceased, the fields were converted to improved pastures to provide foraging areas for cattle. Approximately 10,167 acres were purchased for development in 2003 and sales of new homes in Bridgeland began in 2006. An addition of 1,234 acres acquired in 2007 increased the development’s total acreage to 11,401 acres.
Geography.
Bridgeland comprises 11,401 acres of flat to gently rolling terrain in northwest Harris County. It is located on and along the eastern margins of the Katy Prairie. The property’s northern boundary abuts the Cypress Creek Corridor. In addition to Cypress Creek, other existing natural and constructed features of note include Mallard Lake and Ramey Lake, Longenbaugh Pond, Langham Creek and the K-150 Canal. Developers follow a detailed conservation plan to protect the area’s natural features, many of which are being incorporated into the community’s amenity plan. The Bridgeland master plan details 3,000 acres of open and/or recreation space, including 900 acres of lakes.
Recreation.
Bridgeland’s master plan provides for abundant recreational choices for residents. Already open is the first of four planned recreation complexes — Lakeland Activity Center, which includes a freeform pool, junior Olympic-size pool, spray park, tower slides and diving platforms, as well as tennis courts, a playground and a 6,000-square-foot clubhouse that offers meeting rooms and a full fitness center.
More than 60 miles of trails are planned for the community, with many miles already open, including the first phase of Cypress Creek Nature Trail, a wooded trail in the Cypress Creek Corridor that has educational signage and wildlife observation areas.
Bridgeland residents can enjoy catch-and-release fishing and non-motorized boating on Lake Bridgeland and the 200-acre Cypress Lake. Residents have complimentary use of seasonally available canoes, kayaks, sailboats, fishing equipment and other recreational items.
Dozens of parks already exist in Bridgeland, with the master plan providing park space no more than a quarter mile from each homesite. The 30-acre Oak Meadow Park includes a 10-acre disc golf course and Festival Park offers a concert pavilion. Bridgeland’s array of parks also includes themed parks, such as Butterfly Garden, Central Park, Maze Garden and a formal Rose Garden.
Bridgeland also has planned sites for churches within the community including "The Crossing At Cypress" which launches in 2014. The Crossing will meet in the Bridgeland Elementary School right in the heart of the Bridgeland Community. Learn more at www.crossingchurch.tv
Special Events.
Bridgeland hosts several large-scale events each year attended by residents and others from the surrounding area. Nature Fest began in 2008 and has been attended by more than 16,000 people since its inception. Each year, proceeds have benefited the Katy Prairie Conservancy and Habitat for Humanity Northwest Harris County, with the event raising approximately $18,000 for the two organizations through 2011. The event moved from a fall activity to the spring in 2011. The 2012 event takes place April 28.
The development debuted Howl-O-Ween Fest in 2009, an annual event for dogs, dog owners and other animal lovers. To date, more than 9,000 people have attended the Howl-O-Ween Fest, which has raised thousands for local pet rescue groups. The community embarks on the next event Oct. 27, 2012.
Nearly 3,000 athletes have competed in the annual Bridgeland Triathlon, a USA Triathlon-sanctioned race that began in 2009. The next triathlon is scheduled for Aug. 5, 2012.
Education.
Students in Bridgeland’s first village to be developed, Lakeland Village, attend schools in the Cypress-Fairbanks Independent School District. For the 2010-2011 school year, campuses serving the community are Warner Elementary School, Smith Middle School and Cypress Ranch High School. District trustees have approved the 2012 construction start of Elementary No. 53, to be built on a 14.5-acre parcel of land located in Bridgeland. When it opens in 2013, it will be the first of nine on-site schools planned. Bridgeland’s master plan also includes on-site preschools and childcare facilities.
Future phases of Bridgeland will be served by Katy Independent School District and the Waller Independent School District.
Villages.
Lakeland Village.
Bridgeland’s master plan comprises four distinct villages: Lakeland Village (under development now), Creekland Village, Prairieland Village and Parkland Village. Each village will have clusters of neighborhoods anchored by a village center with amenities, retail, restaurants and more. Schools and parks also will be strategically located within each village.
Central to all villages will be Bridgeland Town Center, offering residents a convenient place to shop, work and have fun. The town center may include hospitals, schools, retail, entertainment, employment and more.
Lakeland Village consists of the following sections (neighborhoods):

</doc>
<doc id="5884813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884813" title="Vander">
Vander

Vander may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884822" title="Southwest Effect">
Southwest Effect

The Southwest Effect is the increase in airline travel originating from a community after service to and from that community is inaugurated by Southwest Airlines or another airline that improves service or lowers cost.
Original 1993 Description.
The term was coined in 1993 by the U.S. Department of Transportation to describe the considerable boost in air travel that invariably resulted from Southwest's entry into new markets, or by another airline's similar activity.
The Southwest Effect was said to have three elements:
Other Carriers with Similar Effects: The JetBlue Effect.
In recent years, new airlines have had a greater "Southwest Effect" than Southwest itself. A study released in August 2013 found newer, smaller airlines were having a greater impact on lowering the average price of a ticket where they fly. According to an MIT analysis of ticket statistics, between 2007 and 2012, Southwest's ability to lower fares had weakened from $36 per one-way fare to only $17 per one-way fare. At the same time, JetBlue, Allegiant, and Spirit Airlines were associated with dips of $32, $29, and $22, respectively, in markets that they entered.
USA Today, in noting the trend to where the competitive effect on prices continued to be seen, but that JetBlue's impact on prices was now largest, suggested, "You might want to start calling it the "JetBlue effect.""

</doc>
<doc id="5884826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884826" title="Bridgeland">
Bridgeland

Bridgeland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884833" title="Gerard Troost">
Gerard Troost

Gerard Troost (March 5, 1776 – August 14, 1850) was an American-Dutch medical doctor, naturalist, mineralogist, and founding member and first president of the Philadelphia Academy of Natural Sciences.
Biography.
Troost was born Den Bosch, Netherlands, to Anna Cornelia (Van Heeck) and Everhard Joseph Troost. He received the degree of Doctor of Medicine from the University of Leyden, and of Master in Pharmacy, in 1801, from the University of Amsterdam. After a brief practice in at Amsterdam and the Hague, he was enlisted in the army as a private soldier, and then as an officer of the first class in the medical department. During these periods of service he was wounded in the thigh and in the head.
In 1807 Troost went to Paris, under the patronage of Louis Napoleon, King of Holland. There he studied at the School of Mines with renown mineralogist René Just Haüy. While in Paris, he translated into the Dutch language one of the earlier works of Alexander von Humboldt, "The Aspects of Nature". This service brought him the cordial thanks of the author, with whom he maintained a friendly correspondence to the last.
In 1825 he joined the New Harmony experiment, in New Harmony, Indiana, with Thomas Say. In 1827 he moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where he became a professor of mineralogy and chemistry at the University of Nashville. From 1831 until 1850 he served as the State Geologist of Tennessee. While there he sent animal specimens to John Edwards Holbrook. His most enduring contribution to science was his method of doing geological surveys, which was carried on by David Dale Owen, son of Robert Owen, who went on to do several surveys of the American northwest.
Troost died in Nashville in August 1850 from cholera, which was epidemic in that city.
Work and legacy.
Troost is credited with describing new species, such as the Western Cottonmouth ("Agkistrodon piscivorus leucostoma") and is honored by having a subspecies of turtle named after him, the Cumberland Turtle ("Trachemys scripta troostii"). The reddish-colored crystals of a variety "willemite" found in New Jersey are known as "troostite".

</doc>
<doc id="5884844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884844" title="Vandiver">
Vandiver

Vandiver may refer to:
People
Places

</doc>
<doc id="5884870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884870" title="Detention (imprisonment)">
Detention (imprisonment)

Detention is the process when a state, government, or citizen lawfully holds a person by removing their freedom of liberty at that time. This can be due to (pending) criminal charges being raised against the individual as part of a prosecution or to protect a person or property. Being detained does not always result in being taken to a particular area (generally called a detention centre), either for interrogation, or as punishment for a crime (see prison).
The term can also be used in reference to the holding of property, for the same reasons. The process of detainment may or may not have been preceded or followed with an arrest. The prisoners in Guantánamo Bay are for example referred to as "detainees".
Detainee is a term used by certain governments and their military to refer to individuals held in custody, such as those it does not classify and treat as either prisoners of war or suspects in criminal cases. It is used to refer to "any person captured or otherwise detained by an armed force." More generally, it is "someone held in custody."
Article 9 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that, "No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile." In wars between nations, detainees are referenced in the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Definition of detention.
Any form of imprisonment where a person's freedom of liberty is removed can be classed as detention, although the term is often associated with persons who are being held without warrant or charge before any have been raised. Being detained for the purposes of a drugs search is tantamount to a temporary arrest, as it is not yet known whether charges can be brought against an individual, pending the outcome of the search. The term 'detained' often refers to the "immediacy" when someone has their liberty deprived, often before an arrest or pre-arrest procedure has yet been followed. For example, a shoplifter being pursued and restrained, but not yet informed he/she is under arrest or read his rights would be classed as 'detained'.
Detention of a suspect.
The detention of suspects is the process of keeping a person who has been arrested in a police-cell, remand prison or other detention centre before trial or sentencing.
The length of detention of suspected terrorists, with the justification of taking an action that would aid counter-terrorism, varies according to country or situation, as well as the laws which regulate it.
The Terrorism Act 2006 in the United Kingdom lengthened the 14-day limit for detention without an arrest warrant or an indictment from the Terrorism Act 2000 to 28 days. A controversial Government proposal for an extension to 90 days was rejected by the House of Commons. English criminal law requires the detainer/arrestor to have reasonable grounds to suspect (reasonable suspicion) when detaining (or arresting) someone.
Indefinite detention.
Indefinite detention of an individual occurs frequently in wartime under the laws of war. This has been applied notably by the United States after the September 11, 2001 attacks. Before the Combatant Status Review Tribunals, created for reviewing the status of the Guantanamo detainees, the United States has argued that they are engaged in a legally cognizable armed conflict to which the laws of war apply, and that it therefore may hold captured al Qaeda and Taliban operatives throughout the duration of that conflict, without granting them a criminal trial.
The U.S. military regulates treatment of detainees in the manual , last revised in 1997.
The term "unlawful combatant" came into public awareness during and after the War in Afghanistan (2001–present), as the U.S. detained members of the Taliban and al-Qaeda captured in that war, and determined them to be unlawful combatants. This had generated considerable debate around the globe. The U.S. government refers to these captured enemy combatants as "detainees" because they did not qualify as prisoners of war under the definition found in the Geneva Conventions.
Under the Obama administration the term enemy combatants was also removed from the lexicon and further defined under the 2010 Defense Omnibus Bill:
Section 948b. Military commissions generally: (a) Purpose-This chapter establishes procedures governing the use of military commissions to try alien unprivileged enemy belligerents for violations of the law of war and other offenses triable by military commission.

</doc>
<doc id="5884882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884882" title="Even Hitler Had a Girlfriend">
Even Hitler Had a Girlfriend

Even Hitler Had a Girlfriend is a 1991 black comedy film about a lonely security guard who spends his life savings on call girls in less than two weeks. It was directed by artist/filmmaker Ronnie Cramer and is based on a story by T. G. Baker. Shot in Denver, Colorado, Omaha, Nebraska and at Mount Rushmore in South Dakota, "Even Hitler" is celebrated in cult film circles for its extremely dark sense of humor and its copious amount of female nudity.
Plot.
Marcus Templeton (Scott) is a thirty-year-old, unmarried security guard who describes himself as "a lonely, desperate man." He works at night and spends his days looking at pornography and takes to peeping into windows in the hopes of seeing naked women. Marcus is slightly overweight and spends a fair amount of screen time obsessing about his physical health, finally resorting to wearing a corset and using questionable weight-loss products such as Reduce-O-Creme, which promises to "melt, melt, melt your fat away" upon application. 
After several disastrous attempts at dating women, Marcus resorts to seeing prostitutes. He begins to secretly record his encounters with the call girls, first with a small tape recorder and then with a hidden video camera. He quickly spends his entire life savings and contracts sexually transmitted diseases, all the while losing his grip on reality (his father "appears" on the television screen and berates Marcus). 
When a disagreeable prostitute discovers she is being surreptitiously videotaped, she pulls a handgun out of her purse, shoots Marcus and steals his video equipment. As Marcus lies bleeding to death he grabs the nearby bottle of Reduce-O-Creme and applies it to his belly in a final, futile gesture.

</doc>
<doc id="5884929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884929" title="Vass">
Vass

Vass can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884938" title="John Stearns">
John Stearns

John Hardin Stearns (born August 21, 1951) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) catcher who played for the New York Mets from to after playing a single game for the Philadelphia Phillies in . Stearns was a two-sport star in college, and he entered professional baseball after being selected in both the MLB and National Football League drafts. He struggled with injuries in the latter portion of his career. He served as the catching coordinator for the Seattle Mariners and the interim manager of the minor league Tacoma Rainiers before being named third base coach under Lloyd McClendon for the season. However, Stearns underwent surgery for a hiatal hernia prior to spring training and his slower-than-expected recovery compelled him to resign on March 7, 2014. He remained in the Mariners' organization, however, as a scout for the 2014 season.
Early career.
John Stearns was drafted by the Oakland Athletics in the 13th round of the 1969 Major League Baseball Draft at 17 years old, but he chose to attend the University of Colorado at Boulder instead. His older brother, Bill, was a late-round draft pick in 1971 and played in the New York Yankees organization, also as a catcher, but never reached the majors.
John became a two-sport star at Colorado and was drafted as a defensive back by the Buffalo Bills in the 17th round of the 1973 NFL Draft. When the Philadelphia Phillies made him the second overall pick in the 1973 Major League Baseball Draft behind pitcher David Clyde (who was out of the majors with arm problems at age 24), he chose baseball. Stearns was drafted just ahead of two eventual Hall of Famers, Robin Yount and Dave Winfield. Coincidentally, Stearns was also drafted ahead of Winfield in the NFL draft, as the Minnesota Vikings drafted Winfield in the 17th round six picks after the Bills drafted Stearns.
Stearns's professional career started with Philadelphia's Eastern League affiliate, the Reading Phillies in , but did not start particularly well. After batting just .241 in double A, he was sent to the high-A Carolina League's Rocky Mount Phillies for and improved drastically. Mid-season, he was promoted directly to the AAA Toledo Mud Hens. Although his hitting statistics were not fantastic at Toledo, he was called up to the Phillies that September. On September 22, 1974, Stearns made his major league debut and picked up his first hit, going 1-for-2 off the bench.
Trade to the Mets.
Stearns's first game with the Phillies turned out to be his last. With budding prospect Bob Boone firmly entrenched behind the plate for Philadelphia, Stearns became expendable. The Phillies struck an off season trade with the New York Mets to acquire ace relief pitcher and New York fan favorite, Tug McGraw on December 3, 1974. In return for McGraw, outfielders Don Hahn and Dave Schneck, the Mets received Stearns, outfielder Del Unser, and relief pitcher Mac Scarce.
With McGraw, the Phillies had two 101-win seasons and their first World Series championship. The Mets, meanwhile, had two mediocre seasons, then descended to the bottom of the National League for seven years. In his first season as a Met, Stearns spent as the backup catcher behind veteran Jerry Grote. Grote had been the Mets' regular catcher since , including every inning of every postseason game for both the 1969 World Series champions and the 1973 NLCS champions. As Grote's backup, Stearns batted only .189 in 1975.
In , Stearns hit poorly in limited time and was soon replaced in backup duties by lefty hitter Ron Hodges. Stearns was sent back to the Tidewater Tides and hit very well while Hodges struggled in the majors. He was brought back to the majors for September and continued his hot hitting. With 18 hits in his first 13 games back, including seven hits in two games, Stearns not only ousted Hodges, but even took over the starting duties from Grote for most of the rest of the season.
Mets' lone All-Star.
Stearns made his Mets debut wearing number 16. For the start of the season, he and Mets center fielder Lee Mazzilli traded uniform numbers, and Stearns began wearing number 12. After his torrid finish to 1976, Stearns was the starting catcher for most of , with Grote and Hodges relegated to backup and pinch-hitting duty. On August 31, 1977, the Mets traded Grote to the Los Angeles Dodgers for two players to be named later.
In June, Stearns posted two four-RBI games, including the only grand slam of his career. On July 1, his average stood at .314, with a slugging average of .554. With his good mid-season statistics and the Mets firmly in last place in the National League East, Stearns was chosen as the team's sole representative to the All-Star Game, catching the bottom of the ninth inning.
His second half was terrible, with a .125 average in August and .167 average in September. Although his final statistics were mostly at or below the league average, they looked very good compared to the rest of the team which lost 98 games and had the worst offense in the majors in 1977. His 25 doubles were tops on the team and 12 home runs tied Steve Henderson and John Milner for the team lead. Still, the most indellible image of Stearns for the season had to be when he became irritated at the Atlanta Braves mascot, Chief Noc-A-Homa, and chased him off the field before the game.
Stearns quickly became a Mets fan favorite for his defensive back-like hard physical play. On June 30, , the Mets defeated the Pittsburgh Pirates with Stearns tagging out Dave Parker to end the game. Parker, who had run over two other catchers in the previous two weeks, suffered a broken cheekbone in the collision with Stearns. When the Pirates in-state rivals (also the Mets' own division rivals), the Philadelphia Phillies, next came to New York, they thanked Stearns for standing up to Parker.
Despite a poor average and only two RBIs in April, Stearns set career highs in home runs, RBIs, runs and total bases in 1978. He also led the team with a career high 25 stolen bases, and in the process broke the National League record for catchers, which had been held by Johnny Kling since . (Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Jason Kendall has since set a new National League record for catchers). The Mets were again near the bottom of the National League, and with his slow start, Stearns was bypassed for the All-Star team, with Pat Zachry representing the Mets instead. The Mets finished with a National League-worst 96 losses.
Stearns got the season started for the Mets by getting into a bench clearing brawl in the fourth game of the season. With the Montreal Expos at Shea on April 11, Stearns and Expos catcher Gary Carter collided at home when Carter tried to score from first on a throwing error by Mets pitcher Pete Falcone. Right fielder Elliott Maddox made a perfect throw to the plate to get Carter. Following the play, a fight broke out when Stearns felt that Carter unnecessarily threw an elbow at him. Both benches and bullpens emptied, and both players were ejected from the game. The Expos won the game in extra innings 3-2.
Stearns set career highs in games played in 1979, but at age 27, it was his last season with 100 or more games. He also set personal highs in at-bats, hits and doubles. Although he struggled to get above .200, a good June resulted in selection to his second All-Star Game (although he did not play). The Mets finished 1979 with 99 losses, and 35 games behind the division champion Pittsburgh Pirates. Between and , no season was worse for the Mets. Well out of contention in the second half, they experimented by playing Stearns at both first base and third base, as well as in the outfield, but he finished out the season back behind the plate.
The football player in Stearns, however, was still evident. On June 12, 1980, two inebriated spectators jumped onto the playing field. While police were unable to catch them, Stearns grew frustrated and ran from behind the plate onto the third base side of the infield, tackling and subduing one of them. At Shea Stadium on July 4, 1980, Montreal Expos Rookie Bill Gullickson sailed a pitch over Mets first baseman Mike Jorgensen's head in the second game of a doubleheader. Jorgensen didn't appreciate this as he had been the victim of one of the worst beanball injuries in baseball history the previous season with the Texas Rangers, and motioned toward Gullickson his disapproval. Stearns, who wasn't even in the line-up for this game, charged out of the dugout and welcomed Gullickson to the majors by slamming him to the ground.
Stearns was selected to his third All-Star Game and even logged his first All-Star Game at bat, grounding out in the fifth inning. A three-hit, three-RBI game highlighted his July, but just a week later, on July 26, a broken finger on a foul tip ended his season. He was also on pace to hit over 40 doubles, which would have easily been his career high.
Injuries.
The injury that ended his 1980 season was the first of several injuries that would plague the rest of his career. Stearns started the same way he ended 1980: on the disabled list. After missing the first two weeks, he was eased back with pinch-hitting duty and play at first and third base. He finally started catching regularly again in late May and was hitting fairly well, when the 1981 Major League Baseball strike canceled two months of the season starting in mid-June. Play resumed in mid-August and Stearns finished with a respectable .271 average, but his run production dropped quite a bit from 1980 and he had only 14 extra base hits all season.
The elbow injury that ended Stearns's 1982 season ultimately ended his career. In , he was unable to start the season and was put on the disabled list in mid-April. Unable to throw, he played in only four games, all as a pinch-runner. In , he spent some time with triple A Tidewater and logged only one big league game in the first five months. He was finally well enough to play in September, but only played sporadically. After the season, the Mets traded Hubie Brooks, Mike Fitzgerald, Herm Winningham and Floyd Youmans to the Montreal Expos for Gary Carter. Stearns became a free agent and attempted a comeback with the Winter League's Ponce Lions, until re-injuring his elbow. Another comeback with the Cincinnati Reds' AAA Denver Zephyrs in was going well, until he was hit by a pitch in mid-May. After one final attempt at a comeback with the Texas Rangers in spring training , John Stearns retired.
Post-retirement.
Career-ending injuries did not keep Stearns away from baseball for long. In late , he was hired as a scout and minor league instructor by the Milwaukee Brewers. In , he was the New York Yankees' bullpen coach. He was then hired by the Toronto Blue Jays as the manager of the AA-level Knoxville Blue Jays for and , reaching the post-season in the latter season.
Stearns spent as a Cincinnati Reds scout, and as an ESPN broadcaster. He returned to the Reds as the manager of their rookie-level team, the Princeton Reds, in . The team won the Appalachian League championship and Stearns was named Manager of the Year. Afterwards, Stearns managed the Peoria Javelinas of the Arizona Fall League and won his second minor league championship of the year. Stearns then spent to as a scout and first base coach in the Baltimore Orioles organization.
In , Stearns returned to the New York Mets as an advance scout. He was then made the Mets' bench coach in 2000. He was dismissed after the season, but re-hired as the third base coach. Younger fans witnessed Stearns's enthusiasm and excitability while he was a Mets coach in . He was wearing a microphone for Fox television when the Mets' Mike Piazza hit a run-scoring double in Game 1 of the 2000 NLCS against the St. Louis Cardinals. Stearns's audible reaction of ""The monster is out of the cage!"" became a rallying cry for the entire series, which the Mets won four games to one.
After two years coaching the major league Mets, Stearns was let go, but hired as a scout for . In , he returned to the dugout as Manager of the Binghamton Mets. Despite a poor record with AA Binghamton, he was made the manager of the AAA Norfolk Tides for . Stearns spent as a roving catching instructor for the Mets.
On January 11, , Stearns cut ties with the Mets, and became a coach in the Washington Nationals farm system. He spent one season as manager of their triple A affiliate, the Columbus Clippers, and spent two seasons as manager of the Nationals' double A team, the Harrisburg Senators. 
Stearns joined the Mariners as minor-league catching coordinator (2011) then served as a professional scout in 2012. On May 2, 2013, was named the interim manager for the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers after Daren Brown replaced third-base coach Jeff Datz at his position due to Datz's cancer diagnosis. Stearns was named the Mariners' third base coach for the 2014 season, but stepped down before the season began to recover from his surgery. He was replaced by Rich Donnelly.
Career statistics.
Stearns caught 37% of attempted base stealers.

</doc>
<doc id="5884939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884939" title="United States gubernatorial elections, 2002">
United States gubernatorial elections, 2002

The United States gubernatorial elections of 2002 were held on November 5, 2002, in 36 states and 2 territories. The Republicans won 8 seats previously held by the Democrats, as well the seat previously held by Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura, who was elected on the Reform Party ticket but had since renounced his party affiliation. The Democrats won 10 seats previously held by the Republicans, as well as the seat previously held by Maine governor Angus King, an independent. Overall, the Republicans suffered a net loss of one seat while the Democrats made a net gain of three. The Republicans managed to maintain their majority of state governorships, but it was reduced to a margin of only two seats. The elections were notable for the sheer number of state governorships that changed parties - 20 in total, constituting more than half of the seats up for election. The elections were also notable for the inroads that both major parties made in regions where their support had historically been low or waning.
In addition to the elections held in 36 states, elections were also held in the unincorporated territories of Guam and the United States Virgin Islands. The Democrats held their seat in the United States Virgin Islands, while the Republicans won an open seat in Guam previously held by the Democrats.
The elections were held concurrently with the other United States elections of 2002.
Election results.
A bolded state name features an article about the specific election.

</doc>
<doc id="5884941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884941" title="The Very Thought of You">
The Very Thought of You

"The Very Thought of You" is a pop standard published in 1934, with music and lyrics by Ray Noble. In addition to Noble's own hit recording of the song with his orchestra, featuring the vocals of Al Bowlly, there was also a popular version recorded that same year by Bing Crosby. A decade later, the song was on the charts again in a version by Vaughn Monroe. In 1946, Luis Russell recorded the song, which went to number three on the Most-Played Juke Box Race Records charts.
Doris Day sang the song in the 1950 movie "Young Man with a Horn", a fictional tale partly based on the life of early jazz trumpeter Bix Beiderbecke. An instrumental version of the song is featured in the movie "Casablanca" and is played in Rick Blaine's club in the scene where Sascha kisses Rick Blaine on the cheek just before Ilse Lund and Victor Lazlo enter Rick's for the first time.
In 1961, "The Very Thought of You" was on the charts again, in a rhythm & blues version recorded by Little Willie John, and three years later a rock and roll version by Ricky Nelson reached #26 on the "Billboard" chart, lasting 7 weeks in the Hot 100 and crossing to #11 on "Billboard"'s Easy Listening chart.
There have also been numerous recordings of the song by jazz and pop standards artists, including Nancy Wilson, Ella Fitzgerald, Frank Sinatra, Nat "King" Cole (in his 1958 album of the same name), Carmen McRae, Billie Holiday, the Hi-Lo's and Elvis Costello; and a blues version on Albert King's "Born Under a Bad Sign" album. More recently, Tony Bennett and Paul McCartney recorded a duet version of the song for the former's album, "".
Sinatra's recording was on the 1962 LP "Sinatra Sings Great Songs from Great Britain". The LP was recorded in London, England, arranged and conducted by the legendary Canadian composer/arranger Robert Farnon. It is the only Sinatra studio session recorded outside the United States. Farnon told musician/journalist Harry Currie that "The Very Thought of You" was his favourite track on the LP. Currie himself has sung the song with both the Kitchener-Waterloo Symphony and the Victoria Symphony using Farnon's original Sinatra arrangement with Farnon's permission. Currie has also adapted the arrangement for vocal with large wind ensemble including piano.
1962 also saw versions released by both Ella Fitzgerald and the Hi-Lo's, the latter with an orchestral accompaniment arranged and conducted by Clare Fischer, on the group's final Columbia LP, "This Time It's Love". For her part, Fitzgerald recorded the tune at least twice - both in 1962, on her Verve LP "Ella Swings Gently with Nelson" (the "Nelson" being arranger Nelson Riddle), and again, live, on her 1974 Pablo release "Ella in London", with Joe Pass on guitar.
Andy Williams released a version in 1966 on his album, "In the Arms of Love".
One of the more recent releases of the song was by Rod Stewart in his successful "Great American Songbook" trilogy of albums. "'"s Brent Spiner recorded it on his 1991 album "Ol' Yellow Eyes Is Back".
Etta James covered the song for her 1994 album "".
In Mitch Albom's best-selling book "Tuesdays With Morrie", Mitch's wife, Janine, sings this song to Morrie Schwartz.
Country singer David Slater recorded the song on his 2005 album "Nice And Easy".
Perry Como recorded it on his 1977, "The Best of British" album.
A female Canadian jazz singer, Emilie-Claire Barlow, also recorded this song on her album, "The Very Thought of You".
The SuperJazz Big Band of Birmingham, Alabama recorded the song on the CD, "UAB SuperJazz, Featuring Ellis Marsalis."
"The Very Thought of You" performed by Billie Holiday was played in the Mel Gibson hit movie "Forever Young". The original Ray Noble version appears in the 1999 movie Bicentennial Man.
Richard Thompson references the song in "Al Bowlly's in Heaven," the closing track on his "Daring Adventures" album. Norma Waterson performs a medley of the two songs on her album "The Very Thought of You".
In 2007, Chris Botti covered the song from album "Italia."
Jeri Southern covered the tune in her "Romance in the Dark" album (2009)
It is the opening track on Nellie McKay's 2009 album "Normal as Blueberry Pie - A Tribute to Doris Day".

</doc>
<doc id="5884951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884951" title="Varick">
Varick

Varick, a prominent Dutch family in the colony of New York, can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5884952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884952" title="Chunky Pandey">
Chunky Pandey

Suyash 'Chunky' Pandey (born 26 September 1962) is an Indian film actor who has appeared in various Bollywood films. He has appeared in over 80 movies in a career that has spanned over two decades and has been nominated once for his supportive role in "Tezaab". He was a lead hero in Hindi films from 1987-1994 but his movies were more successful in the period 1987-1992. He is best known for playing supporting "sidekick" roles for lead heroes like Rajesh Khanna, Anil Kapoor, Sunny Deol and Govinda. After numerous flops as the lead hero since 1993, his demand in Bollywood began to fade. Chunky then worked in Bangladeshi Cinema from 1995 and most of his movies in Bangladesh were successful. Chunky Pandey returned to Bollywood in 2003 as a character actor, being cast mainly in supporting comedic roles.
Career.
1989–93: Debut and breakthrough.
Pandey started out his Bollywood career in 1987, with the film "Aag Hi Aag" opposite Neelam Kothari, Pandey shot to the spotlight with his memorable supporting role as Munna's (Anil Kapoor) friend in the movie "Tezaab" in 1988 which was the biggest blockbuster of the year. This was the first big break for Pandey as he received a Filmfare award nomination for the Best Supporting Actor for his performance in the film. 
Pandey appeared in many successful multi-hero films between 1987 to 1993: with his peak period being from 1987-1991. His pairing opposite actress Neelam was appreciated and the pair had a string of 5 hits like Aag Hi Aag (1987), Paap Ki Duniya (1988),Khatron Ke Khiladi (1988),Ghar Ka Chiraag (1989), Mitti Aur Sona (1989). But after 1990 their next 3 films as a pair were failures.
Most of his films where he had the leading role did not fare well at the box office. Subsequently, Pandey starred alongside male lead actors such as Rajesh Khanna, Govinda, Sunny Deol, Sanjay Dutt and Jeetendra as the second lead hero in the film. Some of the hit films of his are "Paap Ki Duniya" (1988), "Khatron Ke Khiladi" (1988), "Ghar Ka Chiraag"(1989), "Zahreelay" (1990), Rupaye Dus Karod, "Vishwatma" (1992), "Lootere" (1993) and Aankhen (1993).
In 1993, he starred as the second lead to Govinda in the David Dhawan directed blockbuster "Aankhen". Aankhen was the biggest box-office movie of 1993. Unfortunately, the credit of the movie's success went to Govinda and Kader Khan and Pandey could not capitalize on the mega success of the film.It was his last successful film with him as the hero.
1994–2003: Career slump and hiatus.
The advent of the 90s saw a new wave of actors such as Aamir Khan, Salman Khan, Rahul Roy and Shahrukh Khan taking on roles as "romantic heroes" while Akshay Kumar, Sunil Shetty and Ajay Devgan grabbed the "action hero" roles. Pandey found it difficult to slot himself in either category. 
Chunky grew increasingly tired of playing second fiddle to more prominent actors but had difficulty being seen as marketable outside of supporting household names. "I was offered hero ke bhai ka (brother of the hero) role and some shit," Chunky said. "I (told them), ‘Boss, not happening.’" 
Frustrated with the lack of meaningful roles and lack of faith from producers Pandey's career in Bollywood as lead hero began to fade.Pandey took an hiatus from Bollywood in the late 90s and then he moved to Bangladeshi Cinema. Because he didn't speak Bengali, his voice were dubbed in most of his movies there. Notable films he acted in were "Shami Keno Asha Me" and "Besh Korechi Prem Korechi".
2003 to Present: Return to Bollywood.
Chunky Pandey returned to Bollywood in 2003 playing minor supporting roles in ', "Elaan", '.
In 2005, Pandey was critically acclaimed for his dark role as a underworld gangster in the Ram Gopal Varma film "D - Underworld Badshah". Director Ram Gopal Varma was so impressed with Chunky that he roped him in for "Darwaza Bandh Rakho" a dark comedy thriller where he played one of four robbers who hold a family hostage.
Currently, Pandey has carved a niche in playing comic relief roles, usually as outlandish characters. This is most notable in his memorable role as the Indo-Italian "Aakhiri Pasta" in the 2010 comedy hit "Housefull" which was lauded by critics and fans. He reprised his role as Aakhri Pasta in the sequel "Housefull 2" in 2012 which also was a blockbuster.
Though he has recently been starring in films as a character actor, Chunky doesn't want to be pigeonholed into just doing comic roles. "I don't think I am restricting myself to doing only comedy. I am hoping that someone offers me something else," Pandey said. "It requires a lot of guts for someone to cast me in something else. I am just hoping that someone sees something else in me other than comedy." 
Pandey has also gained notoriety as either a celebrity judge or host on various reality TV game shows like the dance competition "Zara Nachke Dikha" and comedy contest shows like "Laugh India Laugh" and the "The Great India Laughter Challenge".
Personal life.
Chunky married Bhavna Pandey in 1998 and has two daughters. He decided to make a comeback to Bollywood during 2002 and ended up appearing in over a dozen movies. Apart from appearing in movies, Chunky is also involved in a business 'Bollywood Electric' which hosts stage shows. He and his wife Bhavna also run a health food restaurant in Mumbai, India.

</doc>
<doc id="5884956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884956" title="Short rib – polydactyly syndrome">
Short rib – polydactyly syndrome

Short rib – polydactyly syndrome is a family of four closely related dysplasias:

</doc>
<doc id="5884971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884971" title="John Trevor (died 1410)">
John Trevor (died 1410)

John Trevor (Welsh Ieuan Trefor) (died April 10, 1410), or John Trevaur, was Bishop of St. Asaph in Wales before becoming nominal Bishop of St Andrews in Scotland. He was provided to the see of St Asaph on October 21, 1394. He was translated to St Andrews in 1408. As Bishop of St. Andrews, he was an anti-Bishop and never took possession of the see. This situation was the product of the Western Schism, in which the Scots supported the Avignon Popes, and so only candidates of the Avignon Popes could take possession of the see.
His original name was Ieuan, which he later anglicised to John and took on the surname Trevor. Trevor's brother Adda was married to the sister of Owain Glyndŵr, who appointed him as an ambassador to the French court.
He died in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="5884984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884984" title="Fast Food Tycoon 2">
Fast Food Tycoon 2

Fast Food Tycoon 2 (known as Pizza Connection 2 in Europe) is a business simulation game on the PC in which the player starts out as the owner of a small pizza parlor and must gain popularity and eventually own the pizza empire. A sequel of Fast Food Tycoon, Fast Food Tycoon 2 incorporates a variety of variables of which the player must overcome to reach unique goals in 10 different international cities, ranging from New York City to Moscow to Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="5884988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884988" title="Jane Addams Children's Book Award">
Jane Addams Children's Book Award

The Jane Addams Children's Book Award is given annually to a children's book published the preceding year that advances the causes of peace and social equality. The awards, which have been presented annually since 1953, are given jointly by the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom (WILPF) and the Jane Addams Peace Association. 
History.
The Jane Addams Children's Book Award was originally awarded to one book per year without categories. A Picture Book category was added in 1993; the award is currently given to two books annually, one for older children and one for younger children. In 2003, the time of year the award is given changed from September, honoring Jane Addams' birthday, to April, honoring WILPF's birthday.
The award committee has once asked for the return of an award; in 1975 for the award given to Theodore Taylor in 1970 for "The Cay", which had become highly criticized in the years since its publication. Taylor complied, but stated the work was "a subtle plea for better race relations and more understanding."

</doc>
<doc id="5884990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884990" title="Oliver Holden">
Oliver Holden

Oliver Holden (September 18, 1765 – September 4, 1844) was an American composer and compiler of hymns.
Biography.
He was born in Shirley, Massachusetts. During the American Revolutionary War, he was a marine for a year (1782-1783) on the USS Deane, which returned to Boston with at least one British prize while he was in the crew. For his service, he received an annual pension. A carpenter by trade, in 1786 he moved to Charlestown, Massachusetts, to help rebuild it after the war. A carpenter and real estate dealer in his professional life, he also organized many music schools, and served as legislator and pastor.
He was a Baptist. In 1791 he joined the First Baptist Church in Boston and became leader of the choir. In 1801, he and some others started the First Baptist Church in Charlestown. He was in a group that left that church in 1809, due to what they perceived as lax discipline, and started a Second Baptist Church in Charlestown.
He entered King Solomon's Lodge as a freemason in 1795, and was an active member for ten years. He was in the Massachusetts House of Representatives on behalf of his town in 1818, 1825, 1826, and 1828 to 1833. His mansion, which he built around 1800, later became the Oliver Holden School, a kindergarten of Boston.
He is buried at the Phipps Street Burying Ground in Charlestown, Massachusetts.
Books.
While working as a carpenter, Holden published "The American Harmony" (1793), a book of sacred music, mostly original, arranged in three and four parts. Soon afterward followed "Union Harmony, or a Universal Collection of Sacred Music" (1793 & 1801) and "The Massachusetts Compiler" (1795). He wrote the last-named work with Hans Gram and Samuel Holyoke. He edited "The Worcester Collection of Sacred Harmony" (1797), a sixth edition, altered, revised, and corrected, with an appendix containing new psalm-tunes; it was printed upon movable types that had been procured from England in 1786, by Isaiah Thomas, of Worcester, and is the oldest music book that was thus printed.
When George Washington visited Boston in 1789, Holden wrote the lyrics and score of an ode, and trained the choir which sang the music that greeted Washington at the Old State House. This chorus was performed again by the Stoughton Musical Society in their concerts at the Chicago World's Exposition in 1893 His popular tune “Coronation,” to Edward Perronet’s hymn "All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name", is said to be the earliest American hymn tune still in general use. Also of note is his hymn “Confidence.”

</doc>
<doc id="5884997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5884997" title="Helena Cassadine">
Helena Cassadine

Helena Cassadine is a fictional character on the American soap opera "General Hospital", famously originated by film actress Elizabeth Taylor in November 1981. The character later is known to be portrayed by Constance Towers. After a brief stint by Dimitra Arliss in 1996, Towers took over the role in 1997 and has returned — for periods of varying length — nearly every year since.
Casting.
A fan of the series and wildly popular supercouple Luke Spencer and Laura Webber (Anthony Geary and Genie Francis), Taylor called then-Executive Producer Gloria Monty in 1981 and asked for a cameo role. She was cast as Helena, the vengeful widow of villain Mikkos Cassadine (John Colicos), who had died at the climax of that summer's popular "Ice Princess" storyline. Arriving on the canvas on November 10, 1981, Mrs. Mikkos Cassadine sends her Emissary to all the prominent citizens of PC with invitations to attend a reception she is giving. Luke and Laura's November 16, 1981 wedding, featuring Taylor's Helena, was watched by 30 million viewers and remains the highest-rated hour in American soap opera history. Taylor's last appearance as Helena aired on November 19, 1981. Though gone, the character was mentioned several times in her absence until Dimitra Arliss appeared briefly as the character in 1996, and Constance Towers was later introduced as Helena on December 19, 1997. Towers was a regular presence on the series until April 9, 2002, later returning on October 16 and 17, 2003, in December 2003, and from January 16 to October 2004. Towers' Helena reappeared in January 2005, April to May 2005, October to November 2005, January 2006, and from October 2006 to January 2007. Most recently, Towers returned from April 13 to April 21, 2009, on June 4, 2009., September 30 to October 20, 2009; February 10 to August 6, 2010; June 30 to September 29, 2011 and once again from January 11 to February 29, 2012. On October 31, 2012, it was announced that Towers would once again return to the canvas in November. She first aired on November 30 and ended her limited run on December 3, 2012. On March 2, 2013, Highlight Hollywood reported that Towers had returned to the set to begin work on a new storyline in honor of the show's 50th anniversary. Towers returned on March 29.
Storylines.
1980s.
In Summer 1981, Luke, Laura, and Robert Scorpio foil Mikkos Cassadine's plot to freeze the world using a weather machine, and both Mikkos and his brother Tony are killed while their other brother Victor is arrested. Mikkos's widow Helena appears in Port Charles just in time to curse Luke and Laura from the sidelines of their November 16, 1981 wedding. Laura later vanishes without a trace in 1982, leaving a devastated Luke to search for her. Presumed dead, Laura reappears in 1983, having been kidnapped by the Cassadines in revenge. Told that Luke was dead, Laura had been forced to marry Mikkos and Helena's son Stavros Cassadine, who had fallen in love with her. She had returned to Port Charles upon learning that Luke was alive, followed by Stavros; he is ultimately killed, and Luke and Laura are reunited. Discovering that Laura is pregnant with their first child, she and Luke leave town in 1984. Laura's mother Lesley Webber is killed in a car wreck later that year.
1990s.
Having returned to Port Charles in 1993 with son Lucky, Luke and Laura have a daughter they call Lulu in 1994. In 1996 she is diagnosed with aplastic anemia. A mysterious young man comes to town hoping to help. Laura is forced to reveal that he is Nikolas Cassadine, her son with Stavros, born during her captivity. She had been sworn by the Cassadines to leave him behind and keep his existence a secret as a condition of her release, to protect Luke from their wrath. Nikolas saves Lulu's life with a bone marrow transplant, but Luke and Laura's marriage is destroyed by the revelation of this secret. Around this time, Luke visits a bedridden Helena, gloating at her condition but vowing to have his revenge when she is well enough to fully experience him murdering her. Nikolas had come to town with his calculating but benevolent uncle and guardian Stefan Cassadine (Mikkos and Helena's younger son) and Stefan's adopted cousin Alexis Davis. Stefan and Laura had been romantically involved while she had been married to Stavros and confined on Cassadine Island. Stefan still harbors feelings for her. With Laura's marriage to Luke faltering, her own feelings for Stefan are rekindled as he comforts her. With Helena no longer a threat, Stefan discovers one of her secrets: Laura's mother Lesley is alive, having been kidnapped by Helena in 1984 and her death faked. Stefan frees Lesley and reunites her with Laura.
Helena appears in 1997 in an attempt to reassert control over Cassadine heir Nikolas and his fortune. She loathes Stefan, whom she views as weak, and seeks to thwart his influence over Nikolas by distracting Stefan with Laura. Meanwhile, Alexis had discovered she was actually Mikkos' illegitimate daughter. Helena terrorizes her. Alexis remembers - as a little girl she had watched Helena slit her mother's throat. Luke and Alexis plot to kill Helena in 1998, but Stefan's fiancée Katherine Bell is accidentally killed instead. They attempt to frame Helena, but Stefan is arrested; Katherine is revealed to be alive, saved by Helena as part of her plans. In Helena's debt, Katherine seduces Nikolas to put a wedge between him and Stefan. Meanwhile, Luke discovers evidence Nikolas is actually Stefan's son, making him no longer the Cassadine heir and allowing Helena to take control of the Cassadine fortune. She next plans to eliminate Stefan and Laura, but Stefan manages to poison Helena, rendering her paralyzed and mute. Katherine is murdered for real. Laura is charged; it is ultimately revealed an antidote had allowed Helena to recover. She had crept out of her bed to kill Katherine and frame Laura. Later it is also discovered Helena had faked the DNA results. Nikolas is Stavros' son and the rightful heir.
2000s.
Lucky is presumed dead in a fire in May 1999; he reappears in February 2000 having been kidnapped on Helena's orders and brainwashed into serving her. In 2001, it is revealed Stavros has been in cryonic suspension in a secret room below General Hospital since his apparent "death" in 1983, waiting for a time when medical science could revive him. Helena manages to do so. Stefan stirs up trouble in town. Though initially compelled to do Helena's bidding and even hurting his loved ones, Lucky finally manages to break Helena's conditioning. Luke kills Stavros again by pushing him into a bottomless pit in 2001.
In 2006 Helena placed a nanny in Nikolas' home, Colleen McHenry, in hopes of getting Nikolas' son Spencer. For a while, everything was going according to plan, until Colleen turned on Helena with her own agenda. She had fallen for Nikolas. When her feelings weren't returned because Nikolas and Emily had gotten back together, she lost it. Colleen overpowered Helena and held her captive in a tower near Wyndemere for a couple days. She then kidnapped baby Spencer on Christmas Eve. Nikolas and Emily searched for them and tracked Colleen to Chicago where she had dyed her hair and gotten a job at a daycare center to save enough and start a new life with "her son". After a few near-misses with Nikolas and Emily, Helena encountered the psycho nanny and took Spencer to St. Petersburg, Russia. Nik & Em followed her and got there just in time to stop Helena from baptizing Spencer with a different name. When they tried to get him back, Helena threatened to kill him with a dagger. Emily offered to trade herself for the infant. Helena accepted. Emily was able to get away, as was Helena.
Helena reappears in Port Charles at the General Hospital grand re-opening on April 13, 2009 demanding Nikolas return a painting of Saint Gregoire to her, which he does. Alexis voices her suspicions. Helena has actually orchestrated the recent arrival of Rebecca Shaw, who resembles Nikolas's deceased wife Emily Quartermaine; Nikolas is inclined to agree when he later sees Helena and Rebecca talking. As Helena leaves town on her jet, she tears the paper off the backside of the painting and reveals a birth certificate. She returns again on June 4, 2009 and soon tries to lure Rebecca away from her "current partner" and assist in Helena's plans; Rebecca angrily refuses. After their conversation, Helena disappears.
On September 30, 2009 Helena returns but she is sick and confined to her bed. Luke comes in and talks to her. Helena tells him another Cassadine is plotting revenge on the Spencers and Cassadines. Luke thinks Helena is faking her illness but he feels her forehead. It is revealed she is not faking her illness. Her nurse Mischa tells Luke's kids Ethan and Lulu there is another Cassadine, named Valentin, whom even Helena fears. Fearing for her life, Nikolas has Helena flown to General Hospital. After stirring up even more trouble after arriving in Port Charles, Nikolas uses his position in the hospital's board of directors to have Helena sent back to Greece.
2010s.
Helena showed up in Port Charles again on February 10, following her learning of Nikolas' affair with Elizabeth Webber. The following day, Elizabeth finds out she is pregnant. Believing the baby is Nikolas's, Helena made immediate threats to Elizabeth about the welfare of the child. Believing she is unstable, Nikolas and Lucky pressure her into committing herself into Shadybrook Sanitarium. In an attempt to keep tabs on Elizabeth, Helena makes a large donation to the institution, getting an upperhand with the staff. While reminiscing with Luke, she reveals the immediate threat from Valentin has passed. Later, when Elizabeth has a paternity test done, Helena pays the lab tech to let her see the results first. She finds out Lucky is the biological father, but has the results switched to make it look like Nikolas is the father. Helena has her Man kidnap Tracy who she thought knew Liz's baby was a Spencer. Luke tries to find Tracy but ends up kidnapped, too. While they are being held hostage, Tracy becomes sick and Luke takes care of her. Later Nikolas and Lucky find Tracy and Luke. Upon returning to Port Charles, Nikolas banishes Helena from Wyndemere for her actions and warns her to stay away from Elizabeth and their son. When the newborn Aiden is later kidnapped, Helena instantly becomes a suspect, and Nik openly threatens to kill her if she is the one who did so. Eventually, Aiden is found unharmed.
Over time, Elizabeth suspects that Aiden is Lucky's son, not Nikolas', and confirms this with a third DNA test. After delaying this revelation when Elizabeth's middle child Jake is killed in a hit-and run accident, she finally reveals the truth to Lucky and Nikolas. Nikolas does not take the news well, and decides to leave Aiden with Elizabeth and Lucky, then prepares to leave town. Helena is seen in Port Charles secretly watching Nikolas as he boards his jet. Shortly afterward, she confronts Lucky to taunt him, while insisting the whole time that Aiden was really a Cassadine and that Elizabeth's third DNA test was the tampered one. Lucky demands her to leave.
While searching from a recently missing-in-action Luke in Florida, Lulu and her boyfriend Dante learn from a pimp that Luke is somewhere doing business with Helena. The two arrive on Cassadine Island where they confront Helena about Luke's whereabouts. Helena later threatens to cause the Spencer family pain by making them lose Luke. Helena has a plan to get revenge on Spencers for the deaths of both her sons.
On September 28, 2011 Luke's son, Ethan, is wandering in Nik's home. While there, he finds a photo of Laura and is smacked in the head with vase by Helena. Helena sees someone passing by while she and Ethan talk.
On January 11, 2012, Helena is seen lurking the tunnels of Wyndemere holding a dagger and listening in on Ethan and "Cassandra's" conversation. Helena reappears on February 24, 2012 when she shows her face to Ethan and "Cassandra". She insists it's time to end the charade and tell Ethan the truth. Ethan's shocked when he realizes that Helena and "Cassandra" know each other. It hits him even harder, when "Cassandra" announces under the pressure of Helena that she really is Irina Cassadine, Helena's daughter. Irina tells Ethan that she was forced to play the part and take a place in Helena's never ending vendetta against Laura and the Spencer family. Helena seeks her goal when she informs Ethan that she wanted him to fall for Irina in order to break his heart. Irina tries to convince Ethan that she's fallen in love with him and doesn't want to lose him. Helena claims that Irina is still playing him and then she lets two of her men bring in a beaten up Luke. Ethan is shocked to learn that Luke was captured by Helena all this time since he thought his father was on one of his adventurous trips. Helena then announces that one of them is going to die. She ends up shooting her daughter, killing her.
On November 30, 2012, Helena is seen once again as Robert Scorpio pays her a visit. After she is told of Robert's suspicion that Cesar Faison is still alive, Helena calls Faison once Robert leaves to warn him that Robert is on to him.
On March 29, 2013, Helena reappears when she is suspected of kidnapping Lulu and shooting her grandson Nikolas. Luke and Laura learn that Helena stole the Haunted Star and they go to the boat with Dante to find Lulu. Helena's men hold Luke and Laura at gun point when Laura accuses Helena of shooting Nikolas. Helena refuses to believe Nikolas has been shot, but confirms it after calling to the hospital, and insists she was not responsible. Dante then shows up to save Luke and Laura and while Dante stays with Helena, the two of them go to a room where they believe Lulu is being held. Instead they find Ethan, who was caught while Helena was looking for Lucky. Helena reappears with her men as Luke, Laura, and Ethan, are out on deck, having apparently gotten free from Dante. Helena gives Laura a gun and offers to give them Lulu if Laura shoots Ethan, but then offers for her to shoot Luke instead. Luke and Laura use their apparent compliance as an opportunity to turn the gun on Helena's men. Luke then shoots Helena and confirms that she is dead. However, later on, it is revealed that Helena's body was frozen.

</doc>
<doc id="5885004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885004" title="Cervecería Nacional Dominicana">
Cervecería Nacional Dominicana

Cerveceria Nacional Dominicana (CND), is the primary beer producer in the Dominican Republic, the company is owned by AmBev and Grupo León Jimenes. It was founded in 1929 by the American entrepreneur Charles H. Wanzer. It was the first brewery in the Dominican Republic and the largest in the Antilles and Central America with sales of 3.8 million hectoliters. It first released its major brand "Presidente" in 1935, and has since expanded to other brands such as Bohemia Especial, Presidente Light and Ambar. The first two are pilsener beers that fall in the category of lager beers, and the latter is the company's first incursion into dark beer. CND also distributes Miller products and Heineken. Its current brewery complex was opened in 1951. It employs 2,500 people and produces up to 500 million liters of beer.
The CND's facilities have been certified ISO 9001/2000 and 14001/2004.
AmBev.
In April of 2012, Anheuser-Busch InBev's Brazilian unit AmBev agreed to buy a controlling stake in the Dominican Republic-based brewer Cerveceria Nacional Dominicana (CND) for over $1.2 billion, forming the biggest beverage company in the Caribbean. The purchase was for a 41% stake in the CND from Grupo Leon Jimenes and an additional $200 million for Heineken's 10% stake in the CND, giving AmBev 51% majority ownership of the CND.

</doc>
<doc id="5885018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885018" title="God Street Wine">
God Street Wine

God Street Wine (also known as GSW) was a jam rock group from New York City. The band broke up in 1999. The band toured the U.S. with H.O.R.D.E. four times and opened for the Black Crowes and Allman Brothers. The band played a large part in developing the jam rock scene of the early 90's initially playing Nightingale's and The Wetlands Preserve in New York City with the likes of The Spin Doctors, Blues Traveler, Jono Manson and the Dreyer Brothers. Numerous bands and musicians had opened for them over the years ranging from Dave Matthews Band, Sheryl Crow and Hootie and the Blowfish to the Ominous Seapods and G. Love & Special Sauce.
The band was originally composed of Lo Faber (lead vocals, guitar), Aaron Maxwell (lead vocals, guitar), Tom Osander (drums and percussion), Dan Pifer (bass), and Jon Bevo (keyboards). Faber and Osander were high school friends and had played in bands together previously.
In 1998, after two failed record deals, frustration with management and the general feeling that things were going nowhere, Osander and Bevo decided they'd had enough and left the band. They were later replaced by Peter Levin (keyboards), Jason Crosby (keyboards/fiddle) and Aubrey Dayle (percussion). They continued touring with this new lineup until the band collectively reached the decision to finally dissolve itself in 1999.
A three night group of farewell shows featuring all members of God Street Wine (both new and old) was performed at New York City's The Wetlands Preserve in December 1999. Special guests joined the band onstage, including John Popper of Blues Traveler during the second night's show. The band would go on to release a live album commemorating these shows entitled, "Good To the Last Drop."
September 3, 2001, the band would return to The Wetlands with its original lineup intact (Faber, Maxwell, Osander, Pifer, Bevo) to play a reunion show; a farewell show to The Wetlands which was closing later that month. The show appropriately began with "Home Again" from Bag, their initial release from nearly a decade earlier.
From 2000-2007 Tom Osander played drums for Irish singer songwriter Damien Rice. Currently he works with the singer Lisa Hannigan. He also played with Herbie Hancock on the album Possibilities.
Lo Faber has since developed solo projects which include the rock musicals Henry's House (2001) and Friday Night Freakshow (2003).
Aaron Maxwell AKA Aaron Lieberman is now a member of Metropolitan Hot Club, a band playing in the style of Django Reinhardt and the Hot Club of France.
On March 8, 2010, God Street Wine announced on its website, God Street Wine World, that it would be reuniting its original lineup for two shows at New York's Gramercy Theatre. The concerts will take place on July 9 and 10, and all proceeds will benefit the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. These will be the first "public" GSW shows in nearly 9 years and the first shows of any kind since they regrouped for two memorial performances in Ridgewood and Wyckoff, New Jersey on May 30, 2009.
Around 10 AM EST on March 12, 2012, The original band members announced on their website that they will be playing 3 shows in August at the Gramercy Theatre In New York City.
On August 9, 2012, God Street Wine performed their album "$1.99 Romances" in its entirety in a live webcast from TRI Studios, a project of Grateful Dead Guitarist Bob Weir. After a brief set break, they played several more songs with Weir and vocalist Shana Morrison.
In December 2013, God Street Wine issued its first proper release in 13 years, the 7-disc "25th Anniversary Boxed Set". The set included a feature-length documentary on the band's history, entitled "All The Way To Here". The documentary was directed by Lynn Kestenbaum, a longtime fan. Also included in the set are remixes of the albums "Bag" and "Who's Driving?", the live version of "$1.99 Romances" recorded at TRI Studios in 2012, and a two-disc collection of unreleased rarities and concert-staples, called "Gots To Rewind".
On December 20 & 21, 2012, God Street Wine performed at the Gramercy Theatre In New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="5885027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885027" title="Maginel Wright Enright">
Maginel Wright Enright

Maginel Wright Enright Barney (19 June 1881 – 18 April 1966) was a children's book illustrator and graphic artist, younger sister of Frank Lloyd Wright, and mother of Elizabeth Enright, children's book author and illustrator.
Early life.
She was born Margaret Ellen Wright in Weymouth, Massachusetts, the third child of William and Anna Wright. (The name "Maginel" was a later creation of her mother's, a contraction of "Maggie Nell".) At age 2, she moved with her family moved to Madison, Wisconsin. Ten years later they moved to Chicago to be closer to Frank's architectural work. Later she attended the Chicago Art Institute. Her first job as a commercial artist was with the Barnes, Crosby Co. of Chicago, where her main task was catalogue illustration; there she met, and later married, another young artist named Walter J. Enright (nicknamed "Pat").
Maginel Wright Enright gave birth to her daughter Elizabeth on Sept. 17, 1909, in Oak Park, Illinois.
Book illustration.
It was under the name of Maginel Wright Enright that she conducted her professional career. She illustrated 63 children's books during her lifetime, sometimes working alone and sometimes with other artists. Her first job as book illustrator was on "The Twinkle Tales," a set of six booklets for young children published by Reilly & Britton in 1906, and written by L. Frank Baum under the pseudonym "Laura Bancroft." The books were successful, selling 40,000 copies the first year. Wright Enright also illustrated Baum's "Policeman Bluejay" (1907) and "L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker" (1910, with John R. Neill). (Her husband also worked on the Baum canon: Walter Enright illustrated Baum's "Father Goose's Year Book" in 1907.)
She also illustrated editions of Johanna Spyri's "Heidi" (1921) and Mary Mapes Dodge's "Hans Brinker or the Silver Skates" (with Edna Cooke, 1918). She was acclaimed as one of "the very best artists" for children.
She wrote and illustrated "The Baby's Record Through the First Year in Song and Story" (1928), and compiled and illustrated "Weather Signs and Rhymes" (1931). She also illustrated textbooks for children, mainly readers for younger children. Her daughter Elizabeth Enright credits Wright Enright with "the revolutionizing of textbook illustration" with lively, graceful, and imaginative picture that appealed to young readers.
Other work.
In addition to book illustration, Wright Enright was a magazine illustrator and cover artist, working mostly for women's magazines like McClure's and the Ladies' Home Journal. She also designed Christmas cards and did various and miscellaneous sorts of artwork. In her memoir "Tales of Taliesin," Cornelia Brierley recalls Maginel, "full of fun and very sophisticated," spending summers with her daughter Elizabeth ("Bitsy") at her brother's establishment at Taliesin, designing and making "yarn paintings" that she later sold in New York.
After her divorce from Enright, she married lawyer Hiram Barney. Her autobiography, "The Valley of the God-Almighty Joneses," was published in 1965, one year before her death in East Hampton, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5885041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885041" title="Nima Nakisa">
Nima Nakisa

Nima Nakissa (, born May 1, 1975 in Tehran) is a retired Iranian football goalkeeper.
Club career.
Nakisa first entered the limelight in Iranian football when he played for Persepolis FC. Following World Cup 1998, Nakisa was transferred to Albanian Side KS Flamurtari Vlorë, but left very soon after to AO Kavalas. He had a tough time there, and moved back to Iran the season after. He went back to Persepolis but due to his rivalry with Abedzadeh, Nakisa decided to leave the club for Pas Tehran. He played there until August 2006, when he quit after having an argument with Pas Tehran officials. There was speculation linking him to Esteghlal Ahvaz, but after the signing of Ebrahim Mirzapour, Nakisa was no longer needed. Due to this he missed the IPL transfer deadline and was forced to sign with a lower league team, on September 4, 2006 it was announced that Nima Nakisa had officially signed a one-year contract with Azadegan League outfit Esteghlal Jonub Dezful.
On July 23, 2007 Nakisa signed with IPL club Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C., the club he was destined to sign with for the 2006/07 season on a one-year deal, however in his first game he had to be subed out due to injury. His injury has set him back and is thought he will never be able to play again.
Nima Nakisa Officially resigned from professional football shortly after to pursue a singing career.
International career.
Nakisa made his first appearance for the Iranian national team in a friendly versus Lebanon on November 13, 1996. Nakisa was playing for Persepolis FC at the time. Because of an injury to Iran's number one goalkeeper, Ahmadreza Abedzadeh, Nakisa started all of Iran's games in Asia Cup 1996, performing quite well despite his lack of experience. He was called up again to the national team for World Cup 1998. Once again Abedzadeh was injured and Nakisa started in his place for the first game versus Yugoslavia national football team. Nakisa was extremely nervous, and his mistake allowed Siniša Mihajlović to score on a free kick. Iran lost the game 1-0. Nakisa did not start the other two games and his only other international appearances after that were at the Thailand Asian Games in 1998. He was called up to the national team again by Iran's next manager Branko Ivanković, but did not play.
Personal life.
Nakisa has a background in music. He is able to play the piano, and also released a music album in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5885045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885045" title="KVET (AM)">
KVET (AM)

KVET (1300 AM), branded as "AM 1300 The Zone", is an Austin, Texas, radio station operating a Sports format. It is licensed to Austin, Texas, and is owned by Clear Channel Communications Radio. KVET is directional with 5000 watts to the northwest over the Texas Hill Country during the daytime and 1000 watts to the south over central Austin at night from a transmitter site just a few miles north of downtown. It shares studios with four other sister stations in the Penn Field complex in the South Congress district (or "SoCo") of south central Austin within walking distance of St. Edward's University.
History.
Shortly after the end of World War II, a group of young men pooled their resources to start a radio station in Austin, Texas. All of them were veterans of the conflict, hence K-VET AM-1300 signed on October 1, 1946. These men included future Texas Governor John Connally, future United States Representative Jake Pickle, future United States Ambassador to Australia Edward Clark, Jesse Kellam, and Willard Deason.
As was common in the 1940s and 1950s, KVET offered "full service" radio, block programming of music, news, talk, cooking shows, even soap operas. KVET also included programming for Austin's minority community, which was uncommon at the time. Spanish language news and music on "Noche De Fiesta"; music and news for the African-American community on "The Elmer Akins Gospel Train".
In the 1950s, even more diversity was added to the lineup when Lavada Durst introduced Austin to R&B and "Jive Talk" on KVET's nighttime "Dr. Hepcat Show".
Noche de Fiesta and Dr. Hepcat were phased out in the 1960s, but The Elmer Akins Gospel Train is on the air on KVET to this day.
During most of the 1960s, KVET featured the popular music of the day, plus a strong emphasis on news and sports block programming. The music of Frank Sinatra, Perry Como and Dinah Shore, plus Paul Harvey commentary, the Joe Pyne show, and Houston Astros baseball were all part of the mix.
KVET switched formats on April 14, 1969 to country music, and the Country Giant was born. Popular celebrity DJs including Arleigh Duff, Penny Reeves, Jim WW Travis, The Snipe Warden, Jerry Gee and Sammy Allred quickly took KVET to the top of the local ratings during the 1970s.
Despite increased competition, KVET continued to prosper in the 1980s by featuring a traditional mix of country music, news and sports, including Houston Oilers and Dallas Cowboys football.
In 1990, KVET began to also broadcast on 98.1 FM. With the new signal came the creation of the Sammy Allred and Bob Cole Morning Call-In Show. Through the 1990s, KVET has evolved to a sports and talk station, the flagship station of the Longhorn Radio Network. KVET-FM continues to attract audiences with a blend of country music and personality.

</doc>
<doc id="5885048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885048" title="Big Mountain">
Big Mountain

Big Mountain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5885050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885050" title="KFQX">
KFQX

KFQX is a television station in Grand Junction, Colorado, broadcasting digitally on UHF channel 15 as an affiliate of Fox. Founded February 10, 1993, the station is owned by Parker Broadcasting of Colorado, LLC.
KFQX is operated under a LMA by Nexstar Broadcasting Group, which also owns co-located KREX-TV. 
For its first few years, KFQX offered delayed rebroadcasts of KREX's newscasts. In 2005, the station began simulcasting news programming from former Fox owned-and-operated KDVR in Denver. Today, the simulcasts include a three-hour weekday morning newscast ("Good Day Colorado" from 6-9 a.m.), a weeknight newscast at 5:30 and a nightly primetime newscast from 9-10 p.m. It also offers simulcasts some of KREX's weekday newscasts at noon, 5 and 10 p.m. 
On November 20, 2013, Gray Television announced it would purchase Hoak Media and Parker Broadcasting in a $335 million deal. KFQX will be sold to Excalibur Broadcasting; however, Gray will sell KREX and Excalibur will sell KFQX due to ownership limits; Gray already owns KKCO and operates Excalibur-owned KJCT. On December 19, Gray announced that KREX and its satellites will be sold to Nexstar Broadcasting Group, while KFQX will be sold to Mission Broadcasting, for $37.5 million. The sale of KREX was completed on June 13. Nexstar will provide services to KFQX, while it awaits FCC approval.
KREX-TV Studio Fire.
A fire knocked KREX, KFQX and KGJT-LP off the air on Sunday January 20, 2008 at approximately 8:45 AM local time. The station's building and 50 years worth of archives are a total loss.

</doc>
<doc id="5885054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885054" title="North Carolina Highway System">
North Carolina Highway System

The North Carolina Highway System consists of a vast network of Interstate Highways, U.S. Routes, and state routes, managed by the North Carolina Department of Transportation. Because all roads in North Carolina are maintained by either municipalities or the state, counties do not maintain roads and there is no such thing as a "county road" within the state. As a result, North Carolina has the largest state maintained highway network in the United States.
North Carolina Highways.
Numbering.
North Carolina State Highways numbered under 1000 are primary state highways, and numbers greater than or equal to 1000 are secondary. Secondary highways are not signed with shields; regular green or white road signs are most commonly used to designate secondary roads. On these signs, the prefix "SR" for "secondary road" sometimes precedes the road number. Nearly all secondary highways also have other names, and many primary routes are also signed with other titles. North Carolina routes may be referred to as "North Carolina Highway x", "N.C. Highway x", "NC Route x", or just "NC x", where x is the route number.
Signage.
A North Carolina Highway shield has the route's number in black inside a white equilateral diamond shape with rounded corners. A square of black surrounds the diamond shape. The diamond shape does not alter to accommodate larger route numbers; the numbers are reduced in size to fit within the diamond. Michigan is the only other state, aside from North Carolina, to have a near-identical route shield, but with pointed corners and an M in Michigan's shield.
Secondary road.
Unlike highways in the primary system, secondary road numbers may be repeated multiple times throughout the system, provided that they are not repeated within the same county. For example, SR 2000 may refer to the physical roadway signed as Wake Forest Road or Falls of Neuse Road in Wake County, or it may refer to the physical roadway signed as Hickory Grove Road in Gaston County. Some road numbers are quite common. In fact, the designation SR1101 is currently used, or has in the past, been used nearly 100 times by almost every county in the state.
Secondary roads that cross a county line are generally given a new number in the new county. For example, Rustic Court is a very short road, barely one tenth of a mile in length; yet, it crosses the Durham-Orange county line. The section in Durham County (0.03 miles in length) is designated SR 2397 while the section is Orange County (0.08 miles in length) is designated SR 1604. The exception to this rule applies to roads designated SR10xx (where the x's represent additional digits) which are generally given to regionally significant roads or roads crossing one or more county lines, but which are not part of the primary system. For example, SR 1006-Old Stage Road, is located both in Wake and Harnett Counties.
The significance of secondary road numbers is almost exclusive to NCDOT operations, generally maintenance, rather than for navigational purposes by the driving public. Certainly, the secondary road numbering system is not organized to help unfamiliar motorists find their way. Rather, this is the job of the phonetic names, which are generally established at the local level, but which often share a sign with an SR designation for convenience. In many rural areas of the state, typically in the Mountain and Coastal Plain regions, many roads lack a phonetic name, in which case they are known by the SR designation.
It is not uncommon for maintenance responsibility of secondary roads to transfer from NCDOT to particular municipalities as they increase in size due to annexation. When this occurs, the SR designations are eliminated. The SR road designation is also eliminated from physical roadways that are elevated into the primary system. For example, NC 157 (Guess Road) in Durham and Person counties was once a secondary road designated SR 1008. Although it ascended into the primary system years ago, some of the old signs identifying Guess Road as SR 1008 remain.
List of primary routes.
Since its establishment, their has been countless removals and reestablishment of routes in the state (check notes for current or last form count). Typically, it is one route wins favor over another; while the other route is either absorbed or downgraded to a secondary road. Added to this, there have been four events in the state that has forced route number changes/eliminations in the state: 1933-1934 elimination of duplicate and renumbering of state routes along or that share with U.S. Routes, 1937 renumbering for contiguous routes with South Carolina, 1940 renumbering for contiguous routes with Virginia and 1961 renumbering of routes that share with Interstate highways in the state.
List of alternate routes.
North Carolina alternate routes have been utilized in a multitude of ways, including business, bypass, cut-thru and spurs. After 1960, nearly all have been decommissioned or converted to business loops. Today, only three alternate routes are currently active in the state.
List of business loops.
North Carolina business routes were first established in 1960 with the conversation of some alternate routes. All business routes in the state are setup as a loop, meaning it will separate then converge back to the main highway. Typically, they serve to connect downtown areas in cities and towns in the state.
List of other special routes.
North Carolina, on rare occasion, will utilize other uniquely bannered routes in the state. Listed here are bypass, connector, divided and spur routes.
History.
The original highway numbering system for North Carolina was established in the 1920s. Major routes were multiples of 10, with 10, 20, and 90 running east/west, 30, 40, 50, 70, and 80 running north/south, and 60 running as a diagonal route. These cross-state routes were used as a basis for numbering the two-digit roads that served as the major city-city connectors. For example, NC 90 used to run along modern US 64, which explains the multiple "90s" that branch off US 64 today (NC 9, NC 97 and NC 98).
Three-digit numbered roads were less important spurs off the two-digit roads and often served as rural connectors. These were numbered in a scheme opposite of the U.S. and Interstate auxiliary routes; the spur routes received an extra "ones" digit instead of an extra "hundreds" digit. The first spur received the number "xx1" and the second received "xx2", where xx is the parent route number. This explains the predomination of such routes as 751, 191, 561, and the relatively few "xx0" routes (which would be the 10th assigned spur route ... few parent routes would have spurs numbered this high).
In 1933-34 many roads were renumbered to eliminate conflicts with the U.S. highways now crisscrossing the state. Some numbers (50, 90), which had become effectively U.S. routes (1 and 64 respectively) were moved or eliminated while others that conflicted with established U.S. route numbers in the state were changed to non-conflicting numbers. This seems to have been done without regard to the earlier numbering system, as were all future additions to the state highway system, which is where the modern "lack of any system" system came to be.
In 1937, several routes were renumbered to be contiguous with South Carolina routes, and in 1940 the same happened with Virginia. No effort has ever been made to match up with Tennessee or Georgia routes, but most cross-border numbered roads along this area are already U.S. highways anyway.
In the 1961, routes that conflicted with Interstates were renumbered.
Highway renumbering has since been sporadic, with most being place-holders for a future Interstate route (i.e. NC 752 and NC 295). One exception being a state law passed in 2002 swapping the highway numbers of NC 136 and NC 3; the reason was in tribute to Dale Earnhardt who died in the 2001 Daytona 500, who drove the number #3 Goodwrench Chevrolet and lived in Kannapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="5885065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885065" title="Raimund Abraham">
Raimund Abraham

Raimund Johann Abraham (July 23, 1933 – March 4, 2010) was an Austrian architect.
Life.
Raimund Johann Abraham was born in Lienz, Tyrol. He studied architecture at the Technical University in Graz and in 1959 established an architectural studio in Vienna, where he soon emerged as a leading avant-gardist. In 1964 he moved to the United States. He taught at the Rhode Island School of Design and, from 1971, at the Cooper Union in Manhattan and Pratt Institute in Brooklyn. In 2003 he became a visiting faculty member at the Southern California Institute of Architecture.
Among his best-known works is the Austrian Cultural Forum Building in New York City 
Abraham died in a car accident in downtown Los Angeles in the early morning of March 4, 2010 after the car he was driving was struck by a bus. Abraham had given a lecture titled "The Profanation of Solitude", at the Southern California Institute of Architecture a few hours before his death. He features prominently in Jonas Mekas's film "As I Was Moving Ahead Occasionally I Saw Brief Glimpses of Beauty", which shows the baptism of his daughter Una.

</doc>
<doc id="5885067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885067" title="Synostosis">
Synostosis

Synostosis means fusion of two bones, it can be normal in puberty, fusion of the epiphysis, or abnormal. When synostosis is abnormal it is a type of dysostosis.
Examples of synostoses include: craniosynostosis- being an abnormal fusion of two or more cranial bones; radioulnar synostosis- being the abnormal fusion of the radius and ulna bones of the forearm; tarsal coalition - being a failure to separately form all seven bones of the tarsus (the hind part of the foot) resulting in an amalgamation of two bones; and syndactyly - being the abnormal fusion of neighboring digits. Synostosis within joints can cause ankylosis.
Radioulnar synostosis is one of the more common failures of separation of parts of the upper limb. There are two general types: one is characterized by fusion of the radius and ulna at their proximal borders; the other is fused distal to the proximal radial epiphysis. Most cases are sporadic, congenital (due to a defect in longitudinal segmentation at the 7th week of development) and less often post-traumatic, bilateral in 60%, and more common in males. Familial cases in association with autosomal dominant transmission appear to be concentrated in certain geographic regions, such as Sicily.
The condition frequently is not noted until late childhood, as function may be normal, especially in unilateral cases. Increased wrist motion may compensate for the absent forearm motion. It has been suggested that individuals whose forearms are fixed in greater amounts of pronation (>60 degrees) face more problems with function than those with around 20 degrees of fixation. Pain is generally not a problem, unless radial head dislocation should occur.
Most examples of radioulnar synostosis are isolated (non-syndromic). Syndromes that may be accompanied by radioulnar synostosis include X chromosome polyploidy (e.g., XXXY) and other chromosome disorders (e.g., 4p- syndrome, Williams syndrome), acrofacial dysostosis, Antley-Bixler syndrome, genitopatellar syndrome, Greig cephalopolysyndactyly syndrome, hereditary multiple osteochondromas (hereditary multiple exostoses), limb-body wall complex, and Nievergelt syndrome.
References.
1. http://www.wheelessonline.com/ortho/radioulnar_synostosis
2. http://www.childrenshospital.org/az/Site1067/mainpageS1067P1.html

</doc>
<doc id="5885099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885099" title="Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series">
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series

This page lists the winners and nominees for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, since its institution in 1951. The award is often cited as one of the "main awards" at the Emmys ceremonies, and has changed names many times in its history. It was first called Best Dramatic Show from 1951 to 1954, then Best Dramatic Series in 1955 and 1956. In 1957 no specific award for drama was given, but in 1958 its name was changed again and this time it was two separate categories Best Dramatic Anthology Series, and Best Dramatic Series with Continuing Characters with a winner selected from each category. The name was changed again in 1959 to Best Dramatic Series - Less Than One Hour. In 1960 the name was changed yet again to Outstanding Program Achievement in the Field of Drama, this name was kept from 1960 to 1964. In 1966 it had its sixth name change to Outstanding Dramatic Series or Outstanding Series-Drama this was used from 1966 until recently, when it became Outstanding Drama Series.
Since 2000, every single winner has been a serial drama: "The West Wing" (2000, 2001, 2002, 2003), "The Sopranos" (2004, 2007), "Lost" (2005), "24" (2006), "Mad Men" (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011), "Homeland" (2012) and "Breaking Bad" (2013). Since the advent of "Hill Street Blues" in 1981, every winner has had some serialized arcs with the exception of "Law & Order".
Winners and nominees.
The following tables, divided by decade, display the winners and nominees of the "Drama Series" award, according to the Primetime Emmy Awards database.

</doc>
<doc id="5885100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885100" title="Martin Lukes">
Martin Lukes

Martin Lukes is a fictional character in (and putative author of) a satirical column in the "Financial Times". Lukes was also the subject (and putative author) of the spinoff novel "Martin Lukes: Who Moved My BlackBerry" "cowritten with Lucy Kellaway". The column appeared to have ended in January 2008, as detailed below, but returned on 7 January 2010.
Column structure.
The column and book are written as a sequence of e-mails usually comprising Lukes' end of a series of running correspondences with other characters in Lukes' business and private life. The book is therefore a modern example of an epistolary novel. 
The column has chronicled Martin Lukes' ups and downs in his career at "a-b glöbâl", a multinational based in Atlanta whose business (or even market sector) has never been made clear. Initially a middle manager of the UK subsidiary, he eventually became its Chairman before finally becoming CEO of the multinational in late 2007.
Novel structure.
The novel chronicles a year in the life of Martin Lukes. Although it is never completely clear what this job actually entails, he advances his career by embracing every management fad around. Since this leaves little time for other activities, he communicates – in order of importance – with his coach, colleagues, wife and children by e-mail. 
Martin Lukes is a pastiche of every management fad and is an antidote to the orthodox management style taught in most MBA programmes and routinely lambasted by Lucy Kellaway in her business life column. The reader never knows what he or his company actually does. Lukes is constantly engaged in a battle for others to understand his "Creovation™" concept (a portmanteau of creativity and innovation in true management school style), apply "Integethics™" (integrity and ethics), and engage in "Green Sky Thinking™". He is constantly disappointed as famous managers fail to reply to his emails. 
Though one can easily discern Martin's lack of popularity within "a-b glöbâl's" management team, he manages to maintain his position or even rise through the company due to his superiors' own incompetence and the fact that his superiors are usually fired before they have the chance to fire Martin themselves. 
The column appeared every Thursday in the Financial Times for a number of years prior to the book being published, and continued to appear each week until December 2007. The fact that FT columnist Lucy Kellaway was author of the column was never disclosed openly until the time of the book's publication and is still never mentioned within the column.
Imprisonment.
Martin Lukes was arrested for insider trading on 17 December 2007, very soon after becoming CEO. No further columns were published for a few weeks, with an "out of office" auto reply in the FT each Thursday.
On 23 January 2008 it was reported that he was convicted and sentenced to two years in prison. A number of spoof articles were published reporting this as if it were fact. The column's website reported on this date that the column ran from 1999 to December 2007, implying that the column has now ended. However, the paper's editorial on 24 January called for the US authorities to allow Lukes' access to his BlackBerry while in prison, provided he "keeps it authentic".
Readership campaign.
Before this there was a grassroots (but equally spoof) campaign of support from the readership of the Financial Times across the UK and the US for the "a-b glöbâl One"
There was also some speculation amongst readers that Lukes' sudden absence may be explained by his being in discussions with Number 10 about rescuing Northern Rock – which may thereafter be renamed N-Rock or even Nörthern Röck.
Final episode.
The Financial Times carried exclusive, extensive coverage of Lukes' conviction on 24 January 2008, including direct editorial comment responding forthrightly to the reader suggestion that the paper should have publicly supported Lukes' plight, and accounts of the courtroom antics (and wardrobe) of Lukes' new wife Sherril. 
Details also emerged of the alleged insider trading: In what the paper described as "one of the strangest cases of insider trading yet seen", it transpired that prior to a public announcement Lukes tipped off his son, a securities trader, that he was to be appointed CEO of a-b glôbäl, whereupon his son massively shorted a-b glôbäl's stock, realising a profit of £135,000. On news of Lukes' conviction a-b glôbäl's stock soared 87 cents.
An entire page was devoted to this story, as well as an editorial comment. There was no indication of the fictional nature of the story, an approach very unusual in British newspapers except on 1 April. At least one blogger was surprised at not having heard about this company despite being an Atlanta resident, and later admitted to have been completely taken in.
Return.
On 3 November 2009, the FT posted a video announcing that Martin Lukes would be starting a blog from jail. The blog purports to be written by his wife Sherril, based on letters from Martin at FCI Coleman. Lukes reports having become a born-again Christian and having developed two new courses for his fellow inmates – Pros for the ConsTM, which teaches that all negatives can be made positive, and Incarimation Now!TM, which is part incarceration, part imagination, but better than both.
On Thursday 16 September 2010 the Martin Lukes column in the Financial Times contains potentially suicidal emails and Twitter from Martin Lukes and ends with an FT.com report of 15 September that a businessman had died in a sky-diving accident. However, the emails and Twitter are dated 15 September but the accident is reported to have happened on Tuesday, i.e. 14 September. 
By implication Martin Lukes might live. Or has Lucy finally had enough and pushed her hero over his Reichenbach Falls? Or will her second attempt to finish him off be as unsuccessful as her first. Is she just playing with her reader and Lukes will return Reginald Perrin style, with the body being Graham’s?

</doc>
<doc id="5885111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885111" title="Joe Vosicky">
Joe Vosicky

Joseph F. Vosicky Jr. (born September 14, 1949) is a graduate of The John Marshall Law School with a general practice; estates, trusts, and wills; and civil litigation.
Campaigns for State Representative.
Vosicky was the Democratic nominee for Illinois District 46 State Representative in 2004 against incumbent Rep. Lee Daniels receiving 37 percent of the vote to Rep. Daniels' 63 percent. Vosicky was again the Democratic nominee in 2006 for the open seat in 46th district after Lee Daniels retired, but lost to Republican Dennis Reboletti.[http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/chicago/chi-0611180212nov18,1,2445579,print.story]
Early life.
Vosicky's mother, Ruth Besser Vosicky, married Joseph F. Vosicky Sr. who was a banker with Continental Bank in Chicago for fifty years. The Vosicky family moved to Hinsdale in 1959. Vosicky’s father died in 1984. Vosicky started school in Rogers Park at St. Margaret Mary where he remained through the beginning of the fourth grade. Then the family moved to Hinsdale and Vosicky attended Monroe Annex through the fifth grade and later Hinsdale Jr. High and Hinsdale Central High School.
College and early career.
In 1968, Vosicky moved to Greencastle, Indiana to attend DePauw University where he graduated with a degree in History. While he was at college he joined the ROTC and was commissioned Second Lieutenant upon graduation in 1971. Vosicky was honorably discharged ten years later.
While Vosicky was waiting for assignment, he participated on the Illinois Commission on Children where he worked to get the voting age lowered from twenty-one to eighteen.
From 1974-1979, Vosicky worked as a Northern Trust Banker. After working at the Northern Trust Bank, Vosicky went to law school and graduated from The John Marshall Law School in 1981. His extensive legal experience includes general practice; estates, trusts, and wills; and civil litigation. With The John Marshall Law School-Masaryk University Law Faculty exchange, Joe has made 13 trips to the Czech Republic. As a Fulbright Professor, Vosicky taught Contracts and Introduction to U.S. Law at Masaryk in Brno during the spring 2002 semester and the Introduction to U.S. Law and Legal Ethics during the spring semester in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5885112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885112" title="Dysostosis">
Dysostosis

A dysostosis is a disorder of the development of bone, in particular affecting ossification.
Examples include craniofacial dysostosis, Klippel-Feil syndrome, and Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome.
It is one of the two categories of constitutional disorders of bone (the other being osteochondrodysplasia).
When the disorder involves the joint between two bones, the term synostosis is often used.

</doc>
<doc id="5885117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885117" title="Dwight Gustafson">
Dwight Gustafson

Dwight Leonard Gustafson (April 20, 1930 – January 28, 2014) was an American composer, conductor, and dean of the School of Fine Arts at Bob Jones University.
Biography.
Gustafson was born in Seattle, Washington to Leonard Gustafson, a meat dealer and lay preacher, and Rachel Gustafson, a pianist, harpist, and artist. His childhood home was on Lake Sammamish, and he graduated in 1948 from Queen Anne High School.
Despite early violin training, Gustafson was attracted to a career in art and design. As a sophomore at Bob Jones University, he was asked to make sketches for a production of "Cyrano de Bergerac" and ended by designing the sets. In 1954, shortly before graduating from BJU with an M.A. in music, he was flabbergasted to be asked by the then-president, Bob Jones, Jr., to become dean of the School of Fine Arts. Gustafson was 24. Eventually he also earned a D. Mus. in composition from Florida State University, and in 1960, he was selected as one of ten young conductors to study at the Aspen School of Music.
Gustafson quickly proved himself a competent administrator who brought to his position a working knowledge of art, music, and drama. He also regularly conducted campus choirs and the Bob Jones Symphony Orchestra, especially in its annual opera productions. As a composer Gustafson was best known for his sacred choral compositions and arrangements, although his more than 160 works included five film scores, a string quartet, "Encounters" (a violin concerto), and numerous extended compositions for chorus and orchestra, including "Three Psalms for Chorus and Orchestra" (1989) and "Words of Passion and Resurrection" (2002). "Fantasia for a Celebration" was commissioned by the Williamsburg (VA) Symphonia as part of the city's 300-year celebration in 1999. In December 2006, Gustafson premiered a one-act opera, "Simeon", about the blessing given by Simeon the Righteous to the Christ child (Luke 2: 25-35).
After Gustafson retired as dean following forty years of service, Bob Jones University named the Gustafson Fine Arts Center in his honor. In 1999, he was awarded the Order of the Palmetto by then-Governor Jim Hodges. Gustafson continued to conduct occasional programs at BJU until 2010, as well as remaining active as a conductor of high school all-state choirs and orchestras and conducting church choir clinics. In 2012 he published brief devotional memoirs as "A Brighter Witness: Conversations on the Christian and the Arts". Gustafson died of complications from liver disease on January 28, 2014.
Gustafson's successor as dean of the School of Fine Arts, Darren Lawson, noted that because Gustafson was 6' 5", people looked up to him both "figuratively and literally...He acted, designed sets, sang, composed, conducted. He did it all. He really was a Renaissance man." And Lawson noted that while Gustafson advocated excellence and high standards in music, he also had a strong sense of humor.

</doc>
<doc id="5885121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885121" title="Huisman–Olff–Fresco models">
Huisman–Olff–Fresco models

So called Huisman–Olff–Fresco models (HOF models) are a hierarchical set of 5 models with increasing complexity, designated for fitting unimodal species response curves on ecological gradient.

</doc>
<doc id="5885139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885139" title="Schattenhalb">
Schattenhalb

Schattenhalb is a municipality in the Interlaken-Oberhasli administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The municipality includes the settlements of Willigen, Geissholz, Falcheren and Lüögen.
History.
The municipality was created in 1834 from the cooperative farms ("Bäuerten") of "Willigen," "Geissholz," "Falchern" and "Lugen." The name Schattenhalb ("Shadow-half") refers to the shady face of the mountainside south of Meiringen. 
The oldest traces of settlements in the area are scattered Bronze Age ax and spear heads and a Roman era coin hoard. By the Middle Ages the scattered Bäuerten of Schattenhalb were part of the parish of Meiringen and the Vogtei of Hasli. In 1334 the entire Vogtei was acquired by the city of Bern.
Traditionally the villagers raised cattle and horses in seasonal alpine meadows and then sold the livestock and cheese to traders. During the 18th and 19th century authors, such as Charles Victor de Bonstetten and Jakob Samuel Wyttenbach, explored and described the natural beauty of the canyons, waterfalls and glaciers of the Bernese Oberland including many sights near Schattenhalb. Tourists began to visit the area and explore the land around the municipality. In 1788 the Rosenlauibad (Rosenlaui baths or pools) opened and by the 19th century a hotel and spa developed at the Rosenlaui river. A spa opened along the Reichenbach river before 1800 followed by a hotel in 1835. A cable car was built in 1899 which allowed guests to travel to the top of the falls. Reichenbach hotel burned in 1901 and was rebuilt as a larger, luxury hotel. However, it was converted into a psychiatric hospital in 1919. The nearby Aare gorge became a tourist destination in 1888. Between 1912 and 1956 a tram connected Meiringen, Schattnehalb and the Aare gorge. Today the municipality shares a post office and telephone exchange with Meiringen. While some residents still are involved in agriculture, about three-fourths of the jobs in Schattenhalb are in the services sector.
A village school opened in Falchern in 1659, followed by one in Willigen in 1714 and Geissholz in 1788. The schools in Falchern and Geissholz closed in 1970 and 2004 respectively, leaving the Willigen school as the only primary school in the municipality.
Geography.
Schattenhalb has an area of . As of 2012, a total of or 26.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 39.3% is forested. The rest of the municipality is or 2.2% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.2% is either rivers or lakes and or 30.6% is unproductive land.
During the same year, housing and buildings made up 1.0% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.9%. A total of 33.8% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 6.2% is pasturage and 20.3% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 6.5% is unproductive vegetation, 21.3% is too rocky for vegetation and 2.8% of the land is covered by glaciers.
Schattenhalb lies in the Bernese Oberland in the Hasli valley, where the Aare River flows. It includes the villages of Willigen im Tal at an elevation of about , Geissholz am Kirchet () and Falchern, Schwendi and Lugen on a terrace above the valley at an elevation of about . The highest mountain is the Wellhorn, on the southwestern edge of the municipality ().
Part of the municipality is covered by the Rosenlaui Glacier. At a lower altitude is the Rosenlaui gorge, a tourist attraction, which can be reached from the Hasli valley via the Reichenbachtal valley. At the lower end of this valley are the famous Reichenbach Falls.
On 31 December 2009 Amtsbezirk Oberhasli, the municipality's former district, was dissolved. On the following day, 1 January 2010, it joined the newly created Verwaltungskreis Interlaken-Oberhasli.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per chevron Sable Five Mullets Or three and two and of the second an Eagle of the first crowned of the second."
Demographics.
Schattenhalb has a population () of . , 12.0% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last year (2010-2011) the population has changed at a rate of -2.5%. Migration accounted for -0.8%, while births and deaths accounted for -0.3%.
Most of the population () speaks German (607 or 92.8%) as their first language, Spanish is the second most common (19 or 2.9%) and Portuguese is the third (9 or 1.4%). There are 2 people who speak French and 4 people who speak Italian.
, the population was 50.5% male and 49.5% female. The population was made up of 261 Swiss men (44.1% of the population) and 38 (6.4%) non-Swiss men. There were 251 Swiss women (42.4%) and 42 (7.1%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality, 271 or about 41.4% were born in Schattenhalb and lived there in 2000. There were 184 or 28.1% who were born in the same canton, while 75 or 11.5% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 73 or 11.2% were born outside of Switzerland.
, children and teenagers (0-19 years old) make up 21.8% of the population, while adults (20-64 years old) make up 56.2% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 22%.
, there were 270 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 304 married individuals, 51 widows or widowers and 29 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 80 households that consist of only one person and 27 households with five or more people. , a total of 237 apartments (83.2% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 28 apartments (9.8%) were seasonally occupied and 20 apartments (7.0%) were empty. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.3%. In 2011, single family homes made up 51.1% of the total housing in the municipality.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the Swiss People's Party (SVP) which received 45.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the Conservative Democratic Party (BDP) (24.9%), the Social Democratic Party (SP) (10.7%) and the Green Party (8.3%). In the federal election, a total of 198 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 46.4%.
Economy.
, Schattenhalb had an unemployment rate of 0.74%. , there were a total of 624 people employed in the municipality. Of these, there were 48 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 21 businesses involved in this sector. 89 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 6 businesses in this sector. 487 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 14 businesses in this sector. There were 330 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.8% of the workforce.
, there were 81 workers who commuted into the municipality and 237 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 2.9 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. A total of 93 workers (53.4% of the 174 total workers in the municipality) both lived and worked in Schattenhalb. Of the working population, 4.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 49.7% used a private car.
In 2011 the average local and cantonal tax rate on a married resident, with two children, of Schattenhalb making 150,000 CHF was 13.4%, while an unmarried resident's rate was 19.6%. For comparison, the average rate for the entire canton in the same year, was 14.2% and 22.0%, while the nationwide average was 12.3% and 21.1% respectively.
In 2009 there were a total of 249 tax payers in the municipality. Of that total, 68 made over 75,000 CHF per year. There were 2 people who made between 15,000 and 20,000 per year. The greatest number of workers, 72, made between 50,000 and 75,000 CHF per year. The average income of the over 75,000 CHF group in Schattenhalb was 101,716 CHF, while the average across all of Switzerland was 130,478 CHF.
In 2011 a total of 1.7% of the population received direct financial assistance from the government.
Religion.
From the , 501 or 76.6% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church, while 105 or 16.1% were Roman Catholic. Of the rest of the population, there were 3 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.46% of the population), and there were 4 individuals (or about 0.61% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 6 (or about 0.92% of the population) who were Muslim. There were 2 individuals who were Buddhist. 27 (or about 4.13% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 6 individuals (or about 0.92% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Schattenhalb about 57.3% of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 11% have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 44 who had completed some form of tertiary schooling listed in the census, 65.9% were Swiss men, 20.5% were Swiss women.
The Canton of Bern school system provides one year of non-obligatory Kindergarten, followed by six years of Primary school. This is followed by three years of obligatory lower Secondary school where the students are separated according to ability and aptitude. Following the lower Secondary students may attend additional schooling or they may enter an apprenticeship.
During the 2011-12 school year, there were a total of 42 students attending classes in Schattenhalb. There were no kindergarten classes in the municipality. The municipality had 3 primary classes and 42 students. Of the primary students, 9.5% were permanent or temporary residents of Switzerland (not citizens) and 11.9% have a different mother language than the classroom language.
, there were a total of 20 students attending any school in the municipality. Of those, 18 both lived and attended school in the municipality, while 2 students came from another municipality. During the same year, 50 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="5885151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885151" title="Donald Franklin Stewart">
Donald Franklin Stewart

Donald Franklin Stewart (22 May 1929 – 17 March 1996) was director of the Five Fathom Lightship Museum in West Ocean City, Maryland and the USS Constellation Museum in Baltimore, Maryland. He was the Curator of the USS Torsk Submarine (Inner Harbor Baltimore). He was a National Board Member of Operation Sail 1976 and the Director of Op Sail 1976 in Baltimore. He was a founder of the American College of Heraldry and Arms. He was born in Baltimore and died in Herndon, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="5885158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885158" title="John Mooney (historian)">
John Mooney (historian)

John Mooney (1862–1950) was a Scottish historian. He was a founder of the Orkney Antiquarian Society.
Biography.
Mooney was born in Orkney. During his lifetime he was the director of R. Garden Ltd, and was also a Kirkwall Town Councillor.

</doc>
<doc id="5885166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885166" title="50 home run club">
50 home run club

In Major League Baseball (MLB), the 50 home run club is the group of batters who have hit 50 or more home runs in a single season. Babe Ruth was the first to achieve this, doing so in 1920. By reaching the milestone, he also became the first player to hit 30 and then 40 home runs in a single-season, breaking his own record of 29 from the 1919 season. Ruth subsequently became the first player to reach the 50 home run club on four occasions, repeating the achievement in 1921, 1927 and 1928. He remained the only player to accomplish this until Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa matched his feat in 1999 and 2001, respectively, thus becoming the only players to achieve four consecutive 50 home run seasons. Barry Bonds hit the most home runs to join the club, collecting 73 in 2001. The most recent player to reach the milestone is Chris Davis, achieving the feat during the 2013 season.
In total, 27 players have reached the 50 home run club in MLB history and nine have done so more than once. Of these, fifteen were right-handed batters, eleven were left-handed, and one was a switch hitter, meaning he could bat from either side of the plate. Two of these players (including one active member of the 50 home run club) have played for only one major league team. The New York Yankees are the only franchise to have four different players reach the milestone while on their roster: Ruth, Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris and Alex Rodriguez. Ten players are also members of the 500 home run club and one of them (Willie Mays) is also a member of the 3,000 hit club. Ten players won the Most Valuable Player (MVP) Award in the same year as their 50 home run season. Mantle is the only player to have earned the Major League Triple Crown alongside achieving 50 home runs, leading both leagues in batting average, home runs and runs batted in (RBI). Mantle and Maris—collectively known as the M&M Boys—are the only teammates to reach the 50 home run club in the same season, hitting a combined 115 home runs in 1961 and breaking the single-season record for home runs by a pair of teammates. Albert Belle is the only player to amass 50 or more doubles in addition to attaining 50 home runs. Prince Fielder, at 23 years and 139 days, was the youngest player to reach the milestone while Bonds, at age 37, was the oldest.
Due to the infrequent addition of members into the 50 home run club, "Baseball Digest" called it "a restrictive fraternity comprising slugging elite" in 1954, when there were only six members. Of the seventeen members eligible for the Baseball Hall of Fame, eight have been elected and three were elected on the first ballot. Eligibility requires that a player has "been retired five seasons" or deceased for at least six months, disqualifying eight active players and two players who have been retired for less than five seasons. Some believe the milestone has become less important with the large number of new members; fifteen different players joined the club in a total of 24 occasions from 1995 to 2010. Additionally, several of these recent members have had ties to performance-enhancing drugs.
References.
'"General
"'Specific

</doc>
<doc id="5885185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885185" title="Philipp Matthäus Hahn">
Philipp Matthäus Hahn

Philipp Matthäus Hahn (November 25, 1739 in Scharnhausen, today part of Ostfildern - May 2, 1790 in Echterdingen, today part of Leinfelden-Echterdingen) was a German priest and inventor.
In about 1763 he devised a precision sundial, or "heliochronometer" that incorporated the correction for the equation of time.
In 1773 he designed one of the earliest mechanical calculators of which two are known to have survived to the present day. A renowned clockmaker, several horological museums display his works, including the Deutsches Uhrenmuseum which contains a mechanical orrery (planetarium) and a Weltmaschine by the "Priestermechaniker (priest mechanic)".

</doc>
<doc id="5885196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885196" title="Post-Tribune">
Post-Tribune

The Post-Tribune of Northwest Indiana (formerly the "Gary Post-Tribune") is a daily newspaper headquartered in Merrillville, Indiana, United States. It serves the Northwest Indiana region, and is owned by the Sun-Times Media Group.
History.
The paper was founded in 1907 as "The Gary Weekly." It was established to serve steel industry residents. On September 7, 1908 the weekly became a daily and changed its name to the "Gary Tribune." Its founder, J.R. and H.B. Snyder, purchased the "Gary Evening Post" from Gary mayor Thomas Knotts on March 9, 1910. In July 1921 the two papers were merged producing the "Post-Tribune" a weekday evening and weekend morning paper. In August 1966, the Snyder heirs sold the publication to Northwest Publications, Inc., a subsidiary of Ridder Publications. "Gary" was dropped from the masthead to further "regionalize" the Post-Tribune, although critics charged that it was an attempt to distance itself from the declining city. In 1974 the Post-Tribune became part of the Knight-Ridder chain of productions. In June, 1986, the Post-Tribune became a morning paper.
Hollinger International (later the Sun-Times Media Group) took over the production on February 2, 1998. The Post-Tribune consolidated its printing with that of the Sun-Times in 2007, at which time it closed its printing plant on Broadway in Gary, ending more than 50 years of press runs there. It had moved its main editorial offices from Gary to neighboring Merrillville in 2000.
Distribution.
The "Post-Tribune" is printed early at one of its parent-company's facilities in Chicago, driven to Northwest Indiana and distributed based on delivery region.
Regions, are:

</doc>
<doc id="5885201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885201" title="Jean Hugo (golfer)">
Jean Hugo (golfer)

Victor Jean Hugo (born 3 December 1975) is a South African professional golfer.
Hugo matriculated at Paul Roos Gymnasium in Stellenbosch, South Africa in 1994 and graduated three years later with a BA Degree from the University of Stellenbosch prior to becoming a professional golfer. He is the youngest son of organic chemist Professor Victor Hugo and Esme Hugo who were both active in sport and sport administration. He also excelled in rugby and cricket before choosing golf as a career.
Hugo played on the European Tour and had his best season in 2001 when he finished 34th on the Order of Merit.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="5885205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885205" title="Han Moo Kwan">
Han Moo Kwan

Han Moo Kwan was founded in August 1954 by Kyo Yoon Lee and is one of the nine original Kwans that later formed Kukkiwon Taekwondo.
Lee was a student at the Chosun Yun Moo Kwan Kwon Bop Bu (sometimes spelled "Yun Mu Kwan" in English transliteration), learning from its founder, Sang Sup Chun. Later, after the Korean War was signed in 1953, Lee started teaching the returning Yun Moo Kwan Kwon Bop Bu members at the Hankuk Chaeyuk Kwan Dojang. He had conflicts with Chong Woo Lee and left to start his own annex Kwan by setting up a tent at a High School. Later, Chong Woo Lee changed the Yun Moo Kwan Kwon Bop Bu's name to Jidokwan. Kyo Yoon Lee states that Han Moo Kwan is from Choson Yun Moo Kwan Kwon Bop Bu, not Jidokwan.
Kyo Yoon Lee continues to be active in the Kukkiwon and serves on the High Dan/Poom Black Belt promotion committee of the Kukkiwon. 
Taekwondo Han Moo Kwan still exists today, but only as a fraternal social friendship club. The official training curriculum endorsed by Taekwondo Han Moo Kwan is the Kukkiwon curriculum. The current President of Taekwondo Han Moo Kwan remains its founder, Kyo Yoon Lee. Han Moo Kwan supports the World Taekwondo Federation and Kukkiwon.
Meaning.
The word Han means Korea, the word Moo means Military or Martial, and the word Kwan means School or Hall; together Han Moo Kwan means "Korean Military School".

</doc>
<doc id="5885206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885206" title="Cow fighting">
Cow fighting

Cow fighting is a traditional Swiss event, mostly in Valais, in which a cow fights another cow (unlike bullfighting, in which humans fight bulls, often to the death).
Each year, the Swiss canton of Valais hosts a series of cow fights known as "combats de reines" ("queen fights"), which began in the 1920s and has drawn as many as 50,000 spectators in a year. The winner is called "La Reine des Reines" ("the queen of queens") and increases dramatically in value. At the end of the year, a grand final is held in Aproz, where the six best from seven districts do battle in six weight categories.
Cows naturally fight to determine dominance in the herd, and this is the behaviour that is exploited in cow fighting, using cows from the local Herens breed. With their horns blunted, the fights are mainly a pushing contest. Any cow that backs down from a fight is eliminated until one cow is left standing in the ring. It sometimes happens that the cows in a fight refuse to engage in physical contact with each other at all. Each fight can last up to 40 minutes.
Similar events take place in France, in Haute-Savoie, in the Aosta Valley of Italy and also in Turkey, in Artvin.

</doc>
<doc id="5885223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5885223" title="Klaus-Peter Müller">
Klaus-Peter Müller

Klaus-Peter Müller (born September 16, 1944) is a German banker. He is the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors of Commerzbank AG, Germany's second-largest bank.
Memberships.
Member of the Supervisory Board of The Linde Group since 2003

</doc>
