<doc id="5891858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891858" title="Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 2">
Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 2

Story.
"Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 2" takes place 100 years after the prior game, "Harukanaru Toki no Naka de". Kyō, which resembles Kyoto in the Heian period, is in turmoil because of a power struggle going on between the emperor and the retired emperor, and the people of Kyō are falling into desperation, fearing the coming of the end of the world. Karin, a modern-day high school girl, is summoned to be the who will save Kyō. However, there is already a Ryūjin no Miko in Kyō who has been recognized by the retired emperor, and the eight men chosen as Karin's do not believe that Karin is really the Miko.
Reception.
On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored the PlayStation 2 version of the game a 31 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="5891886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891886" title="Midnight Sun Run">
Midnight Sun Run

The "Fairbanks Daily News-Miner" Midnight Sun Run is a ten kilometer road running event, held annually since 1983 in Fairbanks, Alaska, that attracts participants from across the United States and Canada. The race takes place on the third Saturday of June each year, starting at 10 pm with the boom of a cannon that can be heard throughout Fairbanks. Despite its late evening start, there is no need for streetlights or flashlights, as the summer solstice sun shines brightly from start to finish and beyond. Proceeds from the race benefit United Way of the Tanana Valley and local student athletes through scholarships. In recent years the race has attracted over 3,000 participants, due in part to its special feature of running in the daylight of the midnight sun.
Course.
The Midnight Sun Run, which has started at the University of Alaska Fairbanks Patty Center ever since the event's debut, winds though a number of Fairbanks neighborhoods and along the Chena River, and finishes at Pioneer Park. Despite the late hour, spectators line the streets to cheer the runners onward. Temperatures ranging into the high 70s and sometimes even into the 80s in the dead of night can be a bit warm, especially for entrants from northerly latitudes, so to avoid overheating many runners are hosed down by residents along the race course.
Race history.
Close to 350 runners participated in the inaugural Midnight Sun Run, which started at 9:05 a.m. the morning of June 25, 1983, rather than at midnight. The course was slightly different from what it is today, finishing in downtown Fairbanks at the corner of 11th and Turner. Kent Karns was the first runner to cross the finish line, with a time of 32:28. Tricia Livingston was the first woman finisher, with a time of 40:29. The founder and race director in the event's early years was Mike Styles.
The Midnight Sun Run became an actual midnight sun event in 1984, when the start time was moved to 10 pm. Elite runners Tom Ratcliffe and Ron Gilooly recorded the first and second fastest times in the race with times of 29:14 and 29:19, respectively, records which still stand today. In 1986, top Californian marathoner Nancy Ditz won the women's division, while elite American marathon stars Benji Durden and Pete Pfitzinger dominated the men's field that year.
In 1987, Scott Williams and Gary Fanelli, dressed impeccably as the Blues Brothers, firmly established themselves in the wacky lore of the Midnight Sun Run's costume division, finishing tied for second overall with a time of 32:50. In 1988, the "Fairbanks Daily News-Miner" Midnight Sun Run was born, as the newspaper became the event's title sponsor. With around 2,200 participants, the run had firmly established its current reputation as one of the premier running events in Alaska.
In conjunction with the race, The first Midnight Sun Run Runner's Expo was staged in 2000, and featured former Olympian and renowned running guru and author Jeff Galloway, who conducted a seminar before a standing room only crowd at the UAF Patty Center. He talked about his experiences as a runner in the 1972 Summer Olympics, and answered a variety of questions on nutrition, injuries, training methods, marathon running, and spoke at length about his widely successful and influential marathon training strategies.
In 2006, some fifty United States Army soldiers, members of the 4th Battalion, 11th Field Artillery with the 172 Stryker Brigade Combat Team from Fort Wainwright, would not let their deployment in the Iraq War prevent them from participating in the Midnight Sun Run. They held their own 10 kilometer event in northern Iraq where they are part of Operation Iraqi Freedom. In a press release, 1st Sgt. Antonio Boone said it was "Quite a bit different than the last couple times I have run it. There was no forest fire smoke, no costumes and no one cheering." The soldiers wore official Midnight Sun Run bibs bearing the number 411, and received T-shirts donated and shipped from Fairbanks by race organizers. "Keeps getting easier every time I run it", said Sgt. Chad McFall, who helped push and pull a 2,300-pound howitzer along the 10 K course in the 2004 and 2005 Midnight Sun Runs in Fairbanks, "his year there was no howitzer. It made running the race a snap."
Collateral contests.
Beginning in 1984, costumes have been a central theme for the Midnight Sun Run, and awards are given to the best coifed entrants. The costumed division is perhaps one of the most anticipated aspects of the race. Race director Mike Styles said the idea of the costumed division was to create a Fairbanks version of San Francisco's Bay to Breakers race.
Each year a Couch Potato Award is given to the best cheering section.

</doc>
<doc id="5891903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891903" title="Koshikijima Islands">
Koshikijima Islands

The in the East China Sea are an island chain that belongs to the city of Satsumasendai, Kagoshima, Japan. They are located 38 km west of the port city of Ichikikushikino, Kagoshima.
Minor islands.
Total area: 118.68 km²
History.
The islands once consisted of 14 villages, belonging to Shikijima-gun, Satsuma Province ("Satsuma no Kuni") during the Meiji period.
In 1889, the islands were consolidated into Kami-Koshiki and Shimo-Koshiki villages.
In 1897, the islands were merged with Satsuma-gun. Later, Kashima village and Sato village broke off, totalling in 4 villages.
In 2004, during "the great Heisei merger", the villages were merged with Sendai, a city that exists on the main island of Kyūshū.

</doc>
<doc id="5891907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891907" title="Alberte">
Alberte

Elin Alberte Leonora Winding (born August 23, 1963), commonly known as Alberte, is a Danish singer and actress, and the daughter of Thomas Winding and Lulu Gauguin. She grew up in Copenhagen and on the island of Ærø. She worked together with her brothers Kasper Winding and Aske Bentzon on their father's programs for Denmark Radio. 
Alberte is well known for her appearance as Luna in several episodes of the Danish children's television show "Bamses billedbog". She also played Lis in the film "Strømer" and has acted in several plays. Winding was married to musician Jan Rørdam for nearly 20 years, and made and played much of her music with him, but they divorced in 2001.
The world-famous painter Paul Gauguin is her great-grandfather.

</doc>
<doc id="5891915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891915" title="Matador (film)">
Matador (film)

Matador is a 1986 film by Spanish director Pedro Almodóvar about a student matador, Ángel Jiménez (Antonio Banderas), who confesses to murders he did not commit. Themes include sex, death, and religion.
Plot.
Diego asks Ángel if he is homosexual, noting that he is not experienced with women. Ángel says he is not and vows to prove himself. Later that day, Ángel attempts to rape Eva (Eva Cobo), a model who is both his neighbour and Diego's girlfriend. As she is leaving him, she trips in the mud and gashes her cheek. At the sight of her blood, Ángel faints. 
The next day, Ángel's mother insists that he go to church as a condition of living in her home. After mass, she insists that he go to confession, but instead of confessing to the priest, he goes to the police station to confess to the rape. When Eva is brought to the station, she says he ejaculated before penetrating her and declines to press charges. Alone with the police detective (Eusebio Poncela), Ángel notices photos of dead men with the same wound administered by the woman seen during his earlier spell of vertigo. He confesses to having killed them. The detective then asks about two missing women, who were also students of Diego, and Ángel confesses to killing them as well.
Although Ángel is able to lead the police to the bodies of the missing women, buried outside Diego's home, the police detective is not convinced. He questions how Ángel could have buried them there without Diego's knowledge, then discovers that Ángel has an alibi for the murder of one of the men. Finally, he discovers that Ángel faints at the sight of blood.
Meanwhile, Ángel's lawyer, María Cardenal (Assumpta Serna), who is the same woman who was shown killing one of the men during Ángel's bout of vertigo in the practice ring, begins to suspect that Diego killed the two women students. She takes Diego to a remote house where she has been collecting memorabilia related to Diego since she first saw him kill a bull. They return to Diego's home, where Eva, who wants to convince Diego not to break up with her, overhears enough to realize that they are the killers. When María leaves, Eva tells Diego he has to take her back, since she knows everything. He says he will, but Eva also goes to María to tell her she must stay away from Diego, since Eva knows her secrets. María's reaction does not reassure Eva, and she goes to the police.
While Eva is telling the detective what she has heard, Ángel's psychiatrist (Carmen Maura) calls the detective to tell him that Ángel has seen Diego and María in a vertigo trance, and that they are in danger. Ángel is able to guide them to María's remote house. Just as the police, Ángel, the psychiatrist, and Eva arrive, an eclipse begins, and they hear a gunshot. María has stabbed Diego between the shoulder blades and shot herself in the mouth as they were making love. Viewing the scene, the detective says that it is better this way and that he has never seen anyone happier.
Reviews.
Vincent Canby of "The New York Times" wrote, "The movie looks terrific and is acted with absolute, straight-faced conviction by the excellent cast headed by Miss Serna, Mr. Martinez and Mr. Banderas. "Matador" is of most interest as another work in the career of a film maker who, possibly, is in the process of refining a singular talent."
In his book "Almodovar on Almodovar", the director admitted that he considered this film and "Kika" (1993) to be his two weakest.

</doc>
<doc id="5891916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891916" title="First Coast Railroad">
First Coast Railroad

The First Coast Railroad is a class III railroad operating in Florida and Georgia, owned by Genesee and Wyoming Inc. The name is derived from its area of operations around the First Coast of Florida.
The FCRD was founded in April 2005 to lease 32 miles of a former Seaboard Air Line Railroad from CSX. It stretches east from Yulee to Fernandina Beach, Florida and north from Yulee to Seals, with a connection at Yulee to CSX.
The north-south line, formerly the SAL main line before it was abandoned by the combined Seaboard Coast Line Railroad in favor of the ex-Atlantic Coast Line Railroad main line to the west, connects to the St. Marys Railroad at Kingsland. The line is abandoned north of Seals.

</doc>
<doc id="5891920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891920" title="Semmerling LM4">
Semmerling LM4

The Semmerling LM4 is a five shot, manual repeating double action pistol designed for backup purposes. 
Concept and History.
The Semmerling series of pistols included the LM1, LM2, LM3, LM4 and XLM. The only version available to the public was the LM4 which was first designed and manufactured in the U.S.A. in the early 1980s and marketed at a price of US$750. The "LM" in the model numbers stands for "Lichtman Model", after the inventor of the design, Philip R. Lichtman. Lichtman applied for and received at least four United States Patent's related to the design.
The goal of the LM4 was to achieve a combination of the highest practical firepower in as small and light a gun as possible, so as to be easily concealable. This was approached by selecting the service caliber of .45 ACP for its proven stopping power and opting for a manual repeating mechanism to minimize bulk and weight and ensure flawless operation in the most difficult situations. Because of this the LM4 was first offered to the U.S. Army and government agencies.
The Semmerling LM4 has 33 parts (including screws), making it one of the simplest guns ever made. In the original design, every part except for the springs was made of high-quality S-7 tool steel. Every pistol was Magnafluxed (a method of testing ferrous metals for surface and subsurface flaws) twice in their assembly, making the LM4 one of the most carefully constructed pistols produced. 
Each pistol was essentially handmade to order with production averaging a little over ten pieces a month, while maintaining very strict quality control procedures to ensure a high degree of reliability and functionality. Of the LM4 model, only about 600 were ever produced.
Although the Semmerling was intended as a back-up pistol for those most at risk of having their primary weapon taken from them, some adopted the pistol as a "hide-out" weapon. Capable of a "shot-a-second" firing rate, a practiced shooter can achieve an outstanding shooting performance. With the magazine loaded and a round in the chamber, the Semmerling LM4 is capable of carrying five .45 ACP rounds. 
During 2005, the largest collections of Semmerlings comprising examples of the LM1, LM2, LM3, LM4 and the XLM along with all prototypes, tooling, drawings, production and testing equipment, advertising materials and leather accessories were provided to The National Firearms Museum, The Cody Firearms Museum and the Smithsonian. The XLM was a military contract for an automatic version (not manually operated), making the Semmerling XLM the smallest .45 ACP automatic ever produced.
A stainless steel version, not part of the Semmerling Corporation's efforts, has been available at request from the American Derringer corporation since about 1995.
Finish and accessories.
The original standard color was matte black with highly polished slide frames. A complete high polish blued finish or a hard chrome plating were optional. A factory presentation model was produced with a high polished gold plated slide. 
Operation.
The Semmerling fires from a static, fully locked breech, producing considerable recoil. The barrel mechanism is manually pulled forward to eject the fired round, then pushed back to chamber the next round. This can be accomplished by thumb. For carry, the slide is locked in the closed position by means of a tiny lever located in the middle of the weapon. By carefully pulling the trigger back approx. 1/4 inch and pressing on the lever, the lever clicks into "lock" mode. Hold the lever down and release the trigger. The Semmerling's action is now locked closed with a round in the chamber. To fire, the trigger is pulled back fully. When there is a cartridge in the chamber, the extractor protrudes 1/8 of an inch, so as to act as loaded chamber indicator. It has no safety, decocker, or slide release.
The number of remaining rounds could be seen by using the "thin grip" kit or by removing the grips when carrying the LM4.

</doc>
<doc id="5891930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891930" title="Frontiers of Science">
Frontiers of Science

Frontiers of Science was a popular illustrated comic strip created by Professor Stuart Butler of the School of Physics at the University of Sydney in collaboration with Robert Raymond, a documentary maker from the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) in 1961. The artist was Andrea Bresciani.
It explained scientific concepts and recent research and in a 3 or 4 panel illustrated strip in an accessible and easily comprehensible way. The strip was syndicated to hundreds of newspapers around the world for 25 years, from 1961 to 1987. It was also published as soft cover books.
The strips are archived at the Rare Books and Special Collections Library at the University of Sydney. The first 200 weekly strips are available for viewing at http://frontiers.library.usyd.edu.au/ The remainder will be made available as they are indexed.

</doc>
<doc id="5891947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5891947" title="Mohammad Shams">
Mohammad Shams

Mohammad Shams (, born 1954 in Tehran) is an Iranian composer and conductor. Born in a family of musicians, he has composed more than 650 pieces of traditional, classical and modern music.
Despite the troubles an artist in exile must face, Shams found ways to introduce Classical Persian music in international events such as the London Festival in England.
He describes his music as being attached to poetry and to the roots of Persian music. His style is described ample and accurate, paying attention to tones and sounds, to contrasts and to orchestral material full of expression.
Shams has said about Persian music: "To me, music has to bring love, harmony, pleasure, happiness, but also rhythm and movement. Our music is so-called sad. It is not. When talking about classical music, I mean it has to keep its nature, but also evolve with time".

</doc>
<doc id="5892004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892004" title="Tavistock Institute of Medical Psychology">
Tavistock Institute of Medical Psychology

The Tavistock Institute of Medical Psychology is a registered charity and company limited by guarantee. It is best known for its principal operating unit.
The Tavistock Centre for Couple Relationships.
Founded in 1948 as the Family Discussion Bureau, the Tavistock Centre for Couple Relationships (TCCR) aims to improve the quality of adult couple relationships, prevent family breakdown and enhance the lives of children. It is an operating unit of the Tavistock Institute of Medical Psychology. It is a national organisation, with an international reputation for:
Its working philosophy derives from the knowledge and insights generated by psycho-analytically oriented clinical practice and research. It has grown up in the ‘Tavistock’ tradition, which embodies this philosophy in the United Kingdom, and shares close working links and accommodation with the Tavistock Clinic. 
In January 2005 it took over responsibility for supplying training and clinical services formerly provided by London Marriage Guidance. It is registered as a training organisation by the United Kingdom Council for Psychotherapy, the British Psychoanalytic Council and the British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy, and runs academic programmes accredited by the University of East London. For funding it depends upon strategic grants from the Department for Education and Skills, fees charged for services, project grants and charitable donations.
Organisation.
TCCR currently has an establishment of 50 staff. Around 70 additional colleagues assist the Centre in providing services as visiting lecturers, clinicians, researchers and consultants, either on a paid or unpaid basis. Its annual turnover is in excess of £3 million.

</doc>
<doc id="5892007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892007" title="William Rootes, 1st Baron Rootes">
William Rootes, 1st Baron Rootes

William Edward Rootes, 1st Baron Rootes GBE (17 August 1894–12 December 1964) was a Coventry motor manufacturer. He opened his first car sales agency in 1913, leading to the global Rootes Group. During the Second World War he supervised the volume manufacture of aircraft and engines, as well as the supply of military motor vehicles and armoured fighting vehicles. He was knighted in 1942 for these services and for organising the reconstruction of bomb-damaged Coventry after its saturation bombing by the Luftwaffe on 14–15 November 1940. In the 1950s, he became a leader of Britain's export drive, and chaired a committee to found the University of Warwick with a vision of academic links with industry.
Early life.
William (Billy) Rootes was born in Goudhurst, Kent. His father, William, owned a general engineering business in Goudhurst, which included bicycles. William (Snr) attended a motor show organised by Sir David Salomons in Tunbridge Wells in 1895. Billy and his brother Reginald (Reggie) shared their father's interest in things mechanical. In 1905, whilst their parents were out, Billy took Reggie out for a drive in their father's New Orleans motor car. Unfortunately, Billy crashed the car. Billy attended Cranbrook School, and on leaving school in 1909 was apprenticed to the Singer car company. William had moved the family business to Hawkhurst by this time, and expanded into the motor trade. Billy left Singer in 1913 to start his own car agency. He sold all of his first batch of cars within a few months of leaving Singer. The business was moved to Maidstone before the First World War, and the firm worked on the maintenance and repair of aero engines during the war.
Public honours.
William and Reginald were knighted in 1942 and 1946 respectively for their work in setting up shadow factories. William was created a baron in 1959, some five years before such honours ceased to be inheritable under the UK honours system: his eldest son, would accordingly become the Second Baron Rootes on William's death.
Personal.
Rootes married his first wife, Nora Press, in 1916. The marriage produced two sons, William Geoffrey Rootes (1917–92) who between 1967 and 1973 served as chairman of the family business (at that time a subsidiary of Chrysler Corporation and renamed as Chrysler United Kingdom) and Brian Gordon Rootes (1919–71) who also held a succession of senior positions within the company between 1937 and 1967, interrupted by a period of military service during the Second World War.
Death.
William Rootes died in 1964. It had been intended that Rootes would be the first Chancellor of the University of Warwick, although he is commemorated there by the Rootes Social Building, Rootes student residences and the Lord Rootes Memorial Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="5892009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892009" title="Whistle (novel)">
Whistle (novel)

Whistle (1978), a novel by James Jones, tells the story of four wounded South Pacific veterans brought back by hospital ship to the United States during World War II. Much of the story takes place in a veterans hospital in the fictional city of Luxor, Tennessee (based on the city of Memphis).
"Whistle" forms the third part of a war trilogy, after "From Here to Eternity" (1951) and "The Thin Red Line" (1962). Jones presented the characters of Mart Winch, Bobby Prell, Marion Landers, and Johnny Strange as Welsh, Witt, Fife, and Storm in "The Thin Red Line".
James Jones died in 1977 before finishing the novel. The final three chapters were completed by Willie Morris based on taped conversations with the author and extensive notes he'd already written. Jones expected that his novel would say, "Just about everything I have ever had to say, or will ever have to say, on the human condition of war."

</doc>
<doc id="5892012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892012" title="Former FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives">
Former FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives

This incomplete list of former FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives are convicted felons that have been on the list of the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives.

</doc>
<doc id="5892019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892019" title="33750 Davehiggins">
33750 Davehiggins

33750 Davehiggins is a Main Belt Asteroid discovered by Dr Charles W. Juels, an American amateur astronomer on September 6, 1999 at his Fountain Hills Observatory, near Fountain Hills, Arizona USA.
Juels named this Asteroid in recognition of David J Higgins' 1000th published astrometric measurement of Near-Earth Objects.

</doc>
<doc id="5892038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892038" title="Vildanden (airline)">
Vildanden (airline)

Vildanden AS ("The Wild Duck") was a virtual, regional airline based at Skien Airport, Geiteryggen in Norway, where it was the only airline. With operations starting in 2005, it flew to Bergen, Trondheim and Stavanger using a Jetstream 32 and an ATR 42, which is wet leased from Danish Air Transport (DAT) and Helitrans. Previously, the airline has also served Stockholm and Molde, and has also operated Saab 340 aircraft, operated by Coast Air, Air Aurora and Avitrans. The airline hadbeen in conflict with Coast Air about terminating the wet lease agreement. The company has had to be bailed out several times, including by the municipality, until it managed to make its first profit in 2009. It ceased operations and filed for bankruptcy in January 2011.
Operation.
The airline was based at Skien Airport, Geiteryggen. It provides twenty weekly trips to Bergen and weekly trips to Stavanger. In 2009, 50,000 people traveled with Vildanden. The company has one ATR 42, which seats 48 passengers and is operated by Danish Air Transport, and one Jetstream 32, which seats 19 and is operated by Helitrans. The airline used Sandefjord Airport, Torp as its reserve airport in case of bad weather. The airline is named after the play "The Wild Duck" () written by Henrik Ibsen, who was born in Skien. The slogan "The shortest path between Ibsen and Grieg" is a pun on the Bergen composer Edvard Grieg's and Ibsen's names. The largest owner is Magne Forland, who owns 70%.
Destinations.
The following list shows all current and former destinations, including the city served, the country, the airport (with IATA airport codes and ICAO airport codes), and the begin and end year of the service.
History.
Establishment.
Vildanden was founded on 23 November 2004 by 18 local investors who wanted to start commercial scheduled flights from Skien Airport, Geiteryggen. For a long period, there had been a public debate about closing the airport. Owned by the municipality, the airport was receiving annual subsidies of NOK 2.5 million from the municipality, and NOK 3.8 million from the state. It was decided to operate Vildanden as a virtual airline (one that owns none of its equipment, leasing everything from others), and wet lease operations from other companies. Initial plans had been started in 2003 to cooperate with Dutch airline Denim Air, with a 50-seater aircraft, but these plans did not work out.
In October 2004, a contract was signed with Haugesund-based Coast Air, who would operate Jetstream 31 aircraft between Skien and Bergen. The owner of Coast Air, Kystfly, also bought 20% of Vildanden. Coast Air had previously operated routes from Skien to Western Norway, but had withdrawn in 1999. Following the announcement from Vildanden and Coast Air, the municipality decided to not close the airport, and cover the estimated NOK 300,000 annual deficit, as well as upgrade the control tower for NOK 700,000. The airport had been closed since 2002, following the increased domestic and international traffic from near-by Sandefjord Airport, Torp.
Initial service would have 16 weekly departures to Bergen Airport, Flesland. The main market segment is the offshore petroleum industry, and the departure times were designed to mesh with helicopter routes to offshore installations. The company estimated that one-quarter of travellers would be people commuting to the North Sea. Norsk Hydro, who have a lot of employees in the Grenland area, stated that they could not start using Vildanden because they had an agreement with SAS Braathens' services from Sandefjord. The first scheduled service flew on 24 January 2005, carrying eight passengers. This first month, 972 passengers took the plane, and Vildanden announced that they would try to also start a route to Stavanger Airport, Sola, as well as potentially to Oslo Airport, Gardermoen.
DAT in, Coast Air out.
On 19 April, a new Jetstream 32 aircraft was taken into service. This allowed capacity to increase from 12 to 19 passengers, and at the same time travel time was reduced from 47 to 39 minutes. By September, the most popular departures were being booked full, and Vildanden asked Coast Air for a larger aircraft, with about 30 seats. In addition to allowing more passengers, larger planes would give higher comfort, and allow a more flexible ticket pricing scheme. An agreement with Danish Air Transport (DAT) to operate an ATR 42, with a capacity of 48 seats, was signed in mid-October.
To be able to breach the agreement with Coast Air—who still had a wet leasing contract, but were not able to put into operation a larger aircraft—the company Skien Lufttransport AS was created, and it purchased all the revenue and passenger rights from Vildanden. At the same time, it became the legal counterpart for DAT. The new aircraft was put into service on 31 October, branded with the Vildanden logo. Coast Air chose to continue operating the route between Bergen and Skien in their own name, and used the same aircraft and slot times. At Skien Airport, the Vildanden passengers were given the choice between Coast Air and Vildanden, and all nineteen chose Vildanden. On the return flight, three passengers chose each airline. Both aircraft flew to Skien, but due to heavy rain, only the aircraft from DAT was able to land. The passengers who had taken the Coast Air aircraft, were forced to land at Sandefjord Airport instead.
The following day, Coast Air terminated their flights, but stated that they still had an agreement with Vildanden. Skien Lufttransport on their hand stated that Vildanden was now a sleeping company, and that the contract therefore was terminated. Both companies considered the incident a legal matter. In December, the two companies settled outside court.
At the same time, the municipal council was considering the future of the airport. The city engineer estimated it would need a subsidy of NOK 2 million in 2006, and the politicians, who wanted the airport to run without subsidies, demanded that Vildanden guarantee for the deficit. This was rejected by Vildanden—on the contrary, the company was in dire need for more capital, and issued a private placement for NOK 4 million in December 2005. The company had since the start been losing money, and needed extra capital to get through the rough until it could make an operating profit. After the placement, 15% of the company was owned by DAT, while Coast Air sold their shares. In 2005, Vildanden had a revenue of NOK 15 million.
More operators.
During 2006, the ridership increased, and Vildanden started becoming more aggressive against Widerøe, which was flying to Bergen from Sandefjord Airport. Vildanden stated that they aimed to outperform Widerøe on price to Bergen. The ATR-42 turned out to be too large; from 1 July, operations was taken over by the Czech company Air Aurora, with a smaller 30-seater Saab 340. This reduced the monthly leasing costs from NOK 700,000 to NOK 550,000. DAT remained responsible for the booking system. 
In October, an agreement was signed with the Avitrans of Sweden to take over operations. This also included a second aircraft, so the airline could start operations to Stavanger and Molde in 2007. From 18 March, Vildanden also started three weekly departures from Skien to Stockholm-Skavsta Airport. The route was necessary to transport personnel from Avitrans' hub at Bromma to Skien.
Troubled times.
By October 2007, Vildanden was in severe financial distress. An agreement was made with the municipal council, where the latter gave a credit loan to the airline. The route to Molde had given large deficits, and the company was forced to close it down. NOK 2.3 million, equal to the airlines debt to the airport, was granted to the municipal-owned airport operator, and the company allowed to make an agreement where half the debt was deleted, and the other half made interest and principal-free for two years. At the same time, the management of Vildanden had to raise new capital equal to at least half the companies accounts payable, which was NOK 8 million. The case raised local debate about whether it was the municipality's job to subsidize the airport and the airline. The Federation of Norwegian Aviation Industries announced that they would consider reporting the subsidies to the EFTA Surveillance Authority (ESA) for violation of the European Community competition law.
The fiscal year 2007 gave a revenue of NOK 61 million, and a deficit of NOK 13 million. During the airport strike in May 2008—which closed Bergen Airport—Vildanden had full planes since they could land them on the short runway at near-by Stord Airport, Sørstokken. In 2008, 50,000 people used Skien Airport, most of whom flew with Vildanden.
On 19 June 2008, the municipal council voted to not give further subsidies to the airport. Upgrades for NOK 8 million were needed to meed safety standard. The airport operator had debt of NOK 12 million, and no realizeable assets. Vildanden was under certain conditions willing to pay some of the capital needed to perform the upgrades. The municipal council changed their opinion and voted—with a single decisive vote—to keep the airport running in July. The financial risk would be taken over by the municipal-owned Kontorbygg, who operate a range of offices and commercial buildings in Skien. The proposal was supported by the right-winged parties, and opposed by the socialist parties, as well as the chair of Kontorbygg. As a response, the Federation of Norwegian Aviation Industries reported the municipality to ESA, and demanded that NOK 20 million in illegal subsidies be repaid by Vildanden and the airport operator.
The company had a loss of NOK 3.4 million in 2008. In April 2009, Vildanden terminated its agreement with Aviatrans with the intention of using larger aircraft. In July, an agreement was made with DAT to operate an ATR-42 on the Bergen route. From 1 August, the Stockholm route was terminated. The company stated that they had been considering having a stop-over at Moss Airport, Rygge on the Stockholm flights, but instead decided to terminate the route.
During the winter of 2008–09, Vildanden was forced to land at Sandefjord Airport 50 times due to weather closing Geiteryggen. In March, Widerøe started a marketing campaign to attract people from Grenland to use their routes at Torp. Local Liberal Party politician Gustav Søvde stated that he was opposed to Widerøe advertising in the Telemark press for their services. At the same time, Asbjørn Anthonisen, previous chief of operations in Malmö Aviation, was hired as new CEO.
Magne Forland increased his ownership in the company to 70% in August, after he had previously given NOK 10.5 million in interest-free loans to the company. On 11 November 2009, the German pilots on a flight from Skien to Bergen announced that only 28 of the passengers, without baggage, could take the ride. The reason was bad weather, which was described as "normal Norwegian rain" by the airline afterwards. This caused several commuters to miss their connecting flights on helicopters to offshore installations. The airline later stated that it was caused by the pilots not being aware of the safety equipment installed at Geiteryggen.
In December 2009, Vildanden announced it plans to operate routes to Trondheim Airport, Værnes, but lacks financial maneuverability to commence operations. By October 2009, Vildanden owed Kontorbygg, the operator of Geiteryggen, NOK 1.5 million in airport fees. Kontorbygg stated that if Vildanden did not pay, the airport would have to file for bankruptcy. Innovation Norway rejected to give Vildanden a loan for NOK 3.5 million in December 2009. Kontorbygg stated that the operation of Geiteryggen had cost the municipality NOK 50 million in the course of the five years Vildanden had been operating from it. In February 2010, the Municipality of Skien announced that it required Vildanden to pay back the NOK 3.1 million, plus NOK 200,000 in interest, that they borrowed in 2007. The loan was renewed in March, after Vildanden paid NOK 385,000. From 16 August, Helitrans took over as the operator, using an ATR 42. From 6 September, the company started with flights to Trondheim. The company ceased operations after its last flight on 14 January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5892049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892049" title="WPSU (FM)">
WPSU (FM)

WPSU-FM (91.5 FM) is central Pennsylvania's only National Public Radio member radio station licensed to the Pennsylvania State University Board of Trustees as a part of Penn State Public Media. It reaches some 450,000 households in central and north central Pennsylvania. The station is rebroadcast on WPSX 90.1 FM in Kane. Both the 91.5 and 90.1 signals transmit in HD.
Its production facilities are located along Innovation Park Boulevard outside of State College.
With transmitters located throughout the region, WPSU-FM now serves over 450,000 listeners [http://www.wpsu.org/about/index.html] in 13 central counties of the Commonwealth, 24 hours a day.
Through nationally- and locally-produced news, features and music programs, WPSU-FM offers a variety of programming for a widely diverse listening audience.
History.
The station went on the air December 6, 1953 as WDFM. It was first conceived by the Class of 1951 and given to the University as a class gift. A faculty member from the College of Communications served as a hands-on manager and full-time adviser. The radio station enjoyed quite a bit of popularity (and even controversy) in its early days, with certain DJs (including future faculty adviser Robert Zimmerman) opting to play cutting-edge artists such as Elvis Presley when doing so was not widely deemed acceptable. In the early days of WDFM, jazz and classical music were played, but Zimmerman staged call-ins and requests to allow a wider variety of music to be featured. The primary goal of WDFM was to provide a hands-on learning experience for students interested in radio communications, but it also strove to serve the community with unique programming.
In 1985, the station picked up the WPSU call letters after the radio station at Penn State Wilkes-Barre retired them. WPSU became a part of Penn State Public Media under the university's Department of Continuing and Distance Education as opposed to being affiliated with the College of Communications, and is now a unit of Penn State Outreach. 
Starting in the mid-1980s, as faculty involvement increased and student involvement decreased, WPSU-FM began syndicating NPR shows to an area where NPR hadn't previously been available. Such programming increased markedly from the late 1980s through the early 1990s. Finally, by 1992, WPSU-FM was a full-fledged NPR affiliate. 
WPSU-FM provides student internship experiences through reporting assignments and on-air hosting, as well as has many community volunteer on-air hosts.
Internet.
Live streaming.
WPSU-FM's signal is streamed across the Internet 24-hours a day. [http://www.wpsu.org/ondemand/index.html]
Podcasts.
WPSU-FM also has podcasts of the following programs:
Relationship with WKPS.
When it signed on in December 1953, WPSU-FM was the student station for Penn State under the call letters WDFM. In the mid 1990s, a new station and signal was created—WKPS—that became the full-time student station. WKPS operates independently from WPSU-FM. WPSU-FM provides engineering and technical consultation, and development underwriting sales to support WKPS's efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="5892054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892054" title="Korg EA-1">
Korg EA-1

The Korg Electribe A (EA-1) is an analogue modeling synthesizer in the Korg Electribe series. 
Functions.
The EA-1 has many functions, such as the ability to build analog-style sounds by using its waveform, filter, effect knobs.
It is possible to create two-part sequenced phrases using the two analog modelling tone generators. External audio sources can also be input, and processed with its resonant filter or effects knobs, and then synched to a sequence. The oscillator can be modulated using Ring modulation, Sync, or Decimator.
The EA-1 can store a total of 256 (64 x 4 banks) phrases or patterns plus 16 songs consisting of multiple patterns.
The EA-1 can be synchronised to other MIDI devices using tap tempo or MIDI clock, or by tapping in the beat and synchronising to a turntable or other non-MIDI sound sources. 
The Tempo delay, chorus/flanger, and distortion effects can also be used to manipulate sounds and patterns. 
The EA-1 can be controlled from an external sequencer and used as a MIDI expansion tone generator.

</doc>
<doc id="5892061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892061" title="Thiemo de Bakker">
Thiemo de Bakker

Thiemo de Bakker (born 19 September 1988) is a Dutch tennis player. He is coached by Croatian Ivica Ančić.
Career.
Junior career.
De Bakker finished 2006 as the ITF Junior Champion, after having won the Boys' Singles title at the 2006 Wimbledon Championships.
Early career.
De Bakker received a wild card into the ATP Amersfoort event in July 2006 and defeated top 100 and French Open Quarterfinalist Julien Benneteau in the 1st round, winning in straight sets 6–3, 6–3. In the 2nd round he faced Frenchman Marc Gicquel and lost in 3 sets. As he was the reigning Junior Champion, De Bakker received a wild card into the main draw of the 2007 Wimbledon Championships, where he would lose in 5 tight sets to qualifier Wayne Arthurs.
In October 2006, De Bakker won his first senior international title in a Futures event in Albufeira, Portugal, where he beat Briton Morgan Phillips in the final. This was followed by another win in a Futures tournament two weeks later in San Miguel, Portugal. He reached a career high ATP ranking of 228 on 25 August 2008.
2009.
On 22 March 2009, he finished as runner-up in the Caltanissetta Challenger tournament to compatriot Jesse Huta Galung, losing in straight sets. On 5 May 2009, as a qualifier and ranked 236, he defeated the 5th seed Rainer Schüttler in the first round of the BMW Open in Münich in straight sets, before losing to former world number one, Lleyton Hewitt. De Bakker would follow this up in the 2009 Ordina Open, by qualifying for the tournament and losing in the second round to Rainer Schüttler, after defeating Björn Phau in three tight sets. De Bakker hit a rich vein of form in the month of August, winning four Challenger tournaments, and bumping his ranking from 256 to 122, in the span of one month. His form continued in Davis Cup competition, by beating World Number 13 Gaël Monfils in 4 sets, and putting the Netherlands up 1–0 on France, but lost to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in four tight sets. De Bakker would finish the year ranked 96th.
2010.
De Bakker started 2010 in much the same way he finished 2009. He reached the quarter-finals of the 2010 Aircel Chennai Open, after defeating the eighth seed, Rajeev Ram, and compatriot Robin Haase, he lost to Janko Tipsarević. This would boost his ranking to number 81 in the world, and gave him a high enough ranking to receive direct entrance into the 2010 Australian Open – Men's Singles.
In his first Grand Slam in three years, the Dutchman was paired up against the 6th seed Andy Roddick. After losing the first set, de Bakker lost the second and third set by one break each.
De Bakker's next tournament was his first ever Masters event, the 2010 BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells. He started off winning his opening match against Marcos Daniel in straight sets, before advancing to the third round after beating 30th seed Janko Tipsarević where he retired just after five games of play at 3–2 first set. In the third round, he fell to eventual finalist Andy Roddick.
De Bakker played his second Masters event two weeks later the 2010 Sony Ericsson Open, winning his first round match against Rajeev Ram in straight sets, before falling again to the eventual finalist, this time Tomáš Berdych with the same scoreline as in Indian Wells.
De Bakker's next Masters event was the 2010 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters, where he had to qualify this time. After defeating Eduardo Schwank, de Bakker lost to the five-time reigning champion, and world number two, Rafael Nadal. De Bakker lost this match in less than an hour, winning one game in a two sets loss.
He then appeared at the 2010 Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell. He took out World No.58 Alejandro Falla, followed by a victory over world No.92 Daniel Gimeno-Traver. In the round of 16, he scored a win over World No.16 (and former World #1) Juan Carlos Ferrero. Before the match, Ferrero had an 18–2 record on clay for the year. He followed it up with his best career victory, with a superb performance to take out World No.10 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, his first win over a top 10 player. However, his run came to an end against World No.8 Robin Söderling in the semifinals. Thiemo rose to a career high World No.50 as a result of his semifinal appearance there.
Following his performance at Barcelona, de Bakker received a Special Exempt to enter the main draw of Rome Masters where he faced Viktor Troicki in the first round, but retired due to a groin injury.
At the 2010 French Open, he made a third round showing where he lost to an injured Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in four sets.
At the 2010 Wimbledon Championships, de Bakker advanced to the third round of the men's singles tournament after defeating Colombian Santiago Giraldo in a hotly contested five sets win, followed by a more comprehensive defeat of an exhausted John Isner, the winner of the longest tennis match in history, which finished on its third day of play on 24 June, before losing in the third round to Paul-Henri Mathieu of France. De Bakker also participated in the men's doubles tournament, in which his partner was his Dutch colleague Haase. After defeating Viktor Troicki and Christopher Kas in the first round, they lost to the Ratiwatana twins, who entered the main tournament as lucky losers, in 4 sets.
At the 2010 Pilot Pen Tennis, Thiemo reached his second ATP semi-final. Sergiy Stakhovsky defeated him in two sets.

</doc>
<doc id="5892069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892069" title="Fyodor Pirotsky">
Fyodor Pirotsky

Fyodor Apollonovich Pirotsky (; - ) was a Ukrainian-born Russian engineer and inventor of the world's first railway electrification system and electric tram. While the commercialization of his inventions in Russia was relatively slow, Pirotsky is known to met with Carl Heinrich von Siemens and to influence the Siemens's eventual introduction of the first regular electric tram line (for the Berlin Straßenbahn).
Biography.
Fyodor was born to the family of a military physician in Lokhvytsia Uezd of Poltava Gubernia (currently, Ukraine). His family was of Ukrainian Cossacks ancestry.
Fyodor graduated from the Konstantin Cadet Corps (Konstantinovskiy Kadetskiy Korpus) and Mikhail Artillery School (both in Saint Petersburg) in 1866 and served in Kiev with the Fortress Artillery. There he became a friend of a famous electrical engineer Pavel Yablochkov and an enthusiast for applications of electrical energy.
Work.
In 1871 Pirotsky moved back to Saint Petersburg, where among other things he proposed a new type of blast furnace. In 1874 he started experiments on Volkov Field in Saint Petersburg and in 1875 he put electrically powered railway cars on the Sestroretsks railway Miller's line (not far from the station Miller's pier). The electricity was transferred over a distance of approximately one kilometer. In his design rails were connected to a Gramme generator. Both rails were isolated from the ground, one rail served as a direct conductor and one as a reverse conductor.
In 1880 he modified a city two-decker horse tramway to be powered by electricity instead of horses, and on the unusual form of public transport started to serve residents of Saint Petersburg amid the vocal protests of the owners of the horse-cars. The experiments continued until the end of September 1880. Some historians claim that this was the first electric tram in the world. Pirotsky did not have the money to continue his experiments, but his works stirred interest in electric trams around the world. Among people who met Pirotsky was Carl Heinrich von Siemens who was very interested and asked many questions. In 1881 the brothers Siemens started producing their own design of electric trams commercially. The first permanent electric tram line using Siemens tram cars was opened in Berlin in 1881 and the first permanent tram line in the Russian Empire was opened in Kiev in 1892.
Pirotsky continued to serve as an artillery officer. Among other things he installed the first underground electric cable in Saint Petersburg to transfer electricity from a cannon foundry to the Artillery School (1881). He also was the author of a project for centralizing the city's electricity production using underground cables, he proposed new constructions of blast furnaces and bakery ovens. In 1888 he retired with the rank of colonel, lived on his military pension in the town of Aleshki (now Tsiurupynsk, Kherson Oblast, Ukraine) and died in 1898. Since no money was found on him when he died, the burial was paid for by a credit secured by the colonel's furniture.

</doc>
<doc id="5892072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892072" title="Beijing Bicycle">
Beijing Bicycle

Beijing Bicycle () is a 2001 Chinese drama film by Sixth Generation Chinese director Wang Xiaoshuai, with joint investment from the Taiwanese Arc Light Films and the French Pyramide Productions. The film stars first-time actors Cui Lin and Li Bin, supported by the already established actresses Zhou Xun and Gao Yuanyuan. It premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival on 17 February 2001 and won the Jury Grand Prix, but was subsequently banned in Mainland China. The ban was eventually lifted in 2004.
"Beijing Bicycle" revolves around a seventeen-year-old boy Guei (Cui) from the countryside who came to Beijing to seek work. He finds a job with a courier company, which assigns him a brand-new bicycle. After it is stolen one day, the stubborn Guei goes on a search for his missing bicycle. At the other end of the city, Jian (Li) is a schoolboy who buys Guei's stolen bicycle from a second-hand market. When Guei's search brings the two boys together, more than the ownership of the bicycle is brought into question. The film explores the theme of youth as well as several social issues, including class, youth delinquency, theft, and rural-urban socio-economic divisions and change.
Plot.
Guei (played by Cui Lin) is a seventeen-year-old country boy who came to Beijing to make a living. Along with a number of other boys from the country, Guei finds employment with a courier company, which assigns them brand-new bicycles for use in their deliveries. The company manager (Xie Jian) announces to them that since the bicycles do not yet belong to them, they will only earn twenty percent of the commission. But once they have made enough deliveries to earn the bicycles, their share will be raised to fifty percent. Within two months Guei has made enough to earn his bicycle. However, on the day that Guei is due to take over the ownership, the bicycle is stolen while he is picking up a document. The manager fires Guei for neglecting to deliver the package, but, upon the latter's pleas, agrees to take him back if he succeeds in recovering his bicycle.
At the other end of the city, Jian (Li Bin) is a seventeen-year-old schoolboy who longs for a bicycle of his own so he can ride with Xiao (Gao Yuanyuan), the girl he fancies. His hopes are dashed when his father (Zhao Yiwei) delays buying a bicycle for him yet again so that his younger stepsister Rong Rong (Zhou Fanfei) can go to a prestigious school. This frustrates Jian, who steals some money from his family and pays 500 yuan to a second-hand dealer for a bicycle—the one that used to belong to Guei.
Meanwhile, the stubborn Guei embarks on a search for his bicycle. By chance, his friend Mantis (Liu Lei) spots Jian with the bicycle. Guei tries to make off with the bicycle but is stopped by Jian and his gang of schoolboys. The determined Guei follows Jian home and steals back the bicycle from where Jian hides it. The manager keeps his promise and takes Guei back. However, when Guei shows up at the courier company on another day, he finds Jian and his gang waiting for him. He tries to escape but the gang chases him down and, after giving him a beating, forcibly re-takes the bicycle.
When Jian returns home, he finds his father waiting for him at the door, along with Guei. Thinking that his son was the bicycle thief, the enraged father gives Jian a rapping and lets Guei take his bicycle. However, Jian and his gang track down Guei again the next day and after long hours of negotiation, the two sides reach a pact: Guei and Jian are to share the bicycle, each entitled to the use of it on alternate days. This arrangement persists for some days until Jian finds out that Xiao has fallen for Da Huan (Li Shuang), a bicycle freestylist. Jian hits his rival with a brick and rides off.
At their usual meeting place, Jian hands the bicycle to Guei and tells the latter that he does not need it any more. Meanwhile, Da Huan, along with his gang, comes after Jian on their bikes. Jian and Guei make off together but are cornered by Da Huan and his gang, who give both of them a serious beating. As the gang leaves, one member stays behind to wreck Guei's bicycle. In a rare burst of rage, Guei picks up a brick and smashes the head of his attacker, who collapses. Carrying his battered bicycle on his shoulder, Guei walks back alone.
Reception.
"Beijing Bicycle" premiered on 17 February 2001, during the Berlin International Film Festival. The film clinched the Jury Grand Prix Silver Bear Award and its two young lead actors, Cui Lin and Li Bin, were bestowed the "New Talent Award". The film was released in cinemas in the United States on 11 January 2002 and over its 24 days on screen, earned a meager US$66,131 in box office. Many reviewers see "Beijing Bicycle" as having similar themes as Vittorio De Sica's 1948 classic "Bicycle Thieves".
Banned in China.
The film board of the Chinese State Administration of Radio, Film, and Television decided to ban the screening of "Beijing Bicycle" in China after the film was sent to the Berlin International Film Festival without first acquiring the board's approval. According to director Wang Xiaoshuai, he did submit the film for examination and the film board gave some suggestions for revision. However, he abandoned the efforts for a license, fearing that the revision process would not finish in time for the festival. The ban was eventually lifted in 2004, with eight modifications to the film and a truncated title of "Bicycle".
Interpretation.
According to Elizabeth Wright of "Senses of Cinema", the juxtaposition of Guei and Jian, in particular their contrasting relation to the bicycle, highlights their differences in social standing and status. Guei is a new migrant who has come to the city with hopes for better income. On the other hand, Jian comes from an upwardly motivated city family concerned with providing the children with good education. The bicycle grants Jian status among his peers and impresses Xiao, the girl he fancies. To Guei, the bicycle, besides being a tool of the trade, is also a symbol of status and pride. It symbolises his participation and success in the city and makes him less of an outsider. Director Wang Xiaoshuai depicts both the new face of Beijing's youth through Jian and alludes to the disillusion of migrants from the country through Guei.
In a secondary plot, Guei and Mantis spend their free time observing Qin, a young attractive girl living in a large house and owning a large number of clothes. They believe Qin is a rich city girl but notice that she does not seem happy or content with her material possession. Later, they find out that Qin is in fact a housemaid, also from the country, who likes to dress herself in her employer's clothes when she is home alone. According to Wright, Guei and Mantis's misconception of the Qin's social status is "an obvious indictment on the beguiling nature of surface images and material possessions".
DVD release.
"Beijing Bicycle" was released on DVD on 9 July 2002 and distributed by Sony Pictures Classics in the United States. The DVD features subtitles in English.

</doc>
<doc id="5892082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892082" title="Albina, Oregon">
Albina, Oregon

Albina is a historical city which was consolidated into Portland, Oregon in 1891.
Albina was laid out in 1872 with a plat for the new town filed in April 1873 by Edwin Russell, William Page, and George Williams. Albina was named after Mrs. Albina Page, the wife of William Page. Settlement began in 1874 and the "City of Albina" was formally incorporated in 1887. The original dimensions of Albina were modest: from Halsey Street north to Morris Street, and from the Willamette River to Margareta Avenue (later Union Avenue, and now Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard). In 1889, Albina annexed the land north to Killingsworth Street and east to 24th. In 1891, Albina annexed everything north to Columbia Boulevard and west to the Portsmouth area. On July 6, 1891, Portland, East Portland, and Albina were consolidated into one city.

</doc>
<doc id="5892086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892086" title="Sterksel">
Sterksel

Sterksel is a village in the southern Netherlands, near Eindhoven. It lies within the municipality Heeze-Leende. It's the smallest village of three in the municipality.
The spoken language is "Heeze-en-Leendes", a distinct dialect within the East Brabantian dialect group and is very similar of colloquial Dutch.

</doc>
<doc id="5892087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892087" title="El Ché-Cola">
El Ché-Cola

El Ché-Cola is a natural cola soft drink manufactured in France (in Marseille) by the El Ché-Cola Company, which donates 50% of its net profits to NGOs that fight against world hunger. The cola is guaranteed GMO free, with less sugar than most other colas.
The name is an homage to Che Guevara.

</doc>
<doc id="5892092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892092" title="Koryak Mountains">
Koryak Mountains

The Koryak Mountains () are a mountain range in Far-Eastern Siberia, Russia, located south of the Anadyr River, and northeast of the Kamchatka Peninsula. Rivers Main and Velikaya have their sources in the Koryak Range. They are the second largest mountain range in all of Siberia.

</doc>
<doc id="5892113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892113" title="More (cigarette)">
More (cigarette)

More is a brand of cigarette which was originally marketed to both men and women and then changed its primary focus to women consumers. It typically has a dark brown (rather than the traditional white) wrapper and is typically 120 mm in length. The More brand does, however produce shorter versions with the typical white wrapper and white or cork filters.
Initially tested in Oklahoma City in 1974, the brand was introduced nationally by R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company in June 1975. Bridging the gap between cigars and cigarettes 'More' was the first successful 120mm cigarette. It had a strong flavor and when introduced was higher in "tar" and nicotine than most filter cigarettes on the market. It is sold in both the full flavor and menthol flavors. It is currently considered a niche brand by RJR, still sold, but not promoted by advertising. It is sold globally under license to various other tobacco companies under the title of More International. The brand was expanded to include 'light' styles in the form of both brown and white 120 mm and a beige 100 mm. The brand is currently a product of JT International (JTI), in the EU and in the Philippines by Fortune Tobacco (PMFTC, Inc.).
Sponsorship.
More Jutaria, Malaysian game show, RTM1 1991

</doc>
<doc id="5892121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892121" title="Emiliano Bucci">
Emiliano Bucci

Emiliano Bucci (born May 30, 1974) is a pianist, teacher of piano, musicology doctor, electronic composer, sound engineer, music professor in the middle school, Film-Maker.
Study.
Emiliano Bucci was born in Avezzano, L'Aquila, Italy. He began to study the music in early age, with the first knowledge offered from the father, the Italian song writer Antenore Bucci.
After the scientific licence, made together with the studies of Conservatory, before in L'Aquila then in S.Cecilia in Rome, leaves the own city, Capistrello, in order to study to Milan and in its prestigious Conservatory "Giuseppe Verdi".
In 1996 he begins to study esperimental music composition with Bruno Zanolini. The traditional composition with Danilo Lorenzini will continue also. At the same time, he will study in private also with Bruno Bettinelli, teacher of Claudio Abbado, Maurizio Pollini, Riccardo Muti etc.
In 1997 the diploma in pianoforte under the guide of Leonardo Leonardi, first pianist of Salvatore Accardo.
In 2001 he begin the course of specialization in piano under the guide of Paul Bordoni in the musical high Academy of Pescara.
In 2003 the diploma in electronic music under the guide of Riccardo Sinigaglia.
In the 2003 bachelor in four-year Musicology in the only Italian University to declare this title, Pavia, last School of paleography and musical Filologia in Cremona. Its thesis of the bachelor, unknown and most original: "the scientific observation in the pianistic Didactics. The Deppesche Lehre of Elisabeth Caland: introduction, translation and comment ".
In 2005 university specialization for the instruction in the public schools, medium and advanced schools, the SILSIS, in Cremona. Two thesis: one on the instruction of electronic music at the school and one on the realization of a complete short-films at the school.
In 2005 he begin and he finishes the course of specialization "Film Maker " to the IED Communications of Milan, under the guide of numerous experts of the field between which the director Fabio Scamoni, attendance of Gabriele Salvatores.
In 2006 the diploma of audio engineer at the SAE Institute of Milan, with teaching of Filippo Gabbrielli for example. The thesis on Disklavier piano has received good appreciations.
Musical career.
During the studies and after these, he begins to make series of concerts in North of Italy.
His first concert in 1991, in the scientific liceum high school "Vitruvio Pollione" of Avezzano with all students and teachers (he was 16 years old).
In 1997 the Conservatory of Milan choose him for the interpretation of Pieces for piano of Bruno Bettinelli, in presence of all teachers, students, people and of the same composer. At Cremona, between 2000 and 2002, he makes series of Concerts, also for beneficence, in presence of some local important people. He played at Milan in the Asteria Center, in 1995. He makes a concert at Acqui Terme, in 2004, a concert of improvisation and electronic music with masters Alzek Misheff and Rocco Parisi.
In 2005 he participates in two concerts in PAC of Milan (Pavilion of Contemporary Art), with Alzek Misheff (piano Disklavier) and Eugen Sarbu (Stradivari violin), playing 4 portable telephones "Vertu". "Patek Philippe" and "Pisa Orologeria" were the sponsors.
In the 2006 he played the piano, with pieces of Frédéric Chopin, in the Auditorium in the Bocconi University (Milan), for the commemoration of Francesco Attanasi, with the special participation of the Negramaro Italian group and Placido actor.
Currently teaches in public medium and advanced schools, and he is titular of a musical production Studio, the Fonorecord Studio near Rome, where teaches piano and electronic music, creates video, writes songs, produces CD etc. Member of SIM (Italian Musicology Society).
Bibliography.
""The scientific observation in the pianistic Didactics. The Deppesche Lehre of Elisabeth Caland: introduction, translation and comment"". Pavia University, Faculty of Musicology, Cremona, 2003.
""The Disklavier piano"". SAE Institute, Milano, 2006
Discography.
Various CDs produced for piano solo, and piano with jazz orchestra. The Fabio Turchetti and Django's clan "swing swing swing" as sound engineer, Don Elvis' (Don Antoniu Petrescu) "Christmas' songs", Gianluca Lusi's jazz band (Live concerts), Emiliano Branda's "L'essenza" (RAI trade), Paolo Cerasoli and ORF orchestra (Live in Casalbordino), Paolo Bordoni (piano recordings Swiss radio, Menotti and Gershwin's concerts), Emiliano Bucci ("piano@Fonorecord"), Agorà81 choir ("Capistrellana"), Ianieri Edition (CD with the book "La musica sacra nella provincia dell'Aquila"), etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5892135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892135" title="Nallatech">
Nallatech

Nallatech is a computer hardware and software firm based in Cumbernauld, North Lanarkshire, Scotland
As of 2007 the company's primary markets were defense and high-performance computing.
Nallatech was acquired by Interconnect Systems, Inc. in 2008.
Market.
The company specializes in field-programmable gate array (FPGA) integrated circuit technology applied in computing. The company was founded by Allan Cantle ('Nalla' comes from 'Allan' spelled backwards) in 1993 and was backed by over £4m of equity finance provided by Scottish Equity Partners and 3i. Cantle is the CEO for the firm.
In 2005 Nallatech announced a Scottish group known as the FPGA High Performance Computing Alliance, to work on a supercomputer.
Nallatech's direct sales team operates in two main geographic areas, one in the USA and one in UK covering UK, Europe and rest of the world. The team in the USA (Nallatech, Inc.) is headquartered in Eldersburg, Maryland.
Systems.
Nallatech was promoted for commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) FPGA technology applied in computing. According to David R. Martinez, Robert A. Bond, and M. Michael Vai, Nallatech systems are "based on a modular design concept in which the designer chooses the number of FPGAs, amount and type of memory, and other expansion cards to include in a system." 
Nallatech is also noted for its motherboards with PCI cards which provide a "high throughput connection over which a host PC can provide and receive data and monitor system performance."
In March 2011 the company announced a miniaturization service for their FPGAs.
Nallatech has partnered with Altera, and integrated their PCI Express card with Stratix V FPGAs, which may be valuable in financial analysis.
Xilinx's Xtreme DSP kit was developed with Nallatech, and like Xilinx, Nallatech uses "floating-point cores" in their FPGAs.

</doc>
<doc id="5892139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892139" title="Morus nigra">
Morus nigra

Morus nigra, the black mulberry, is a species of flowering plant in the family Moraceae, native to southwestern Asia, where it has been cultivated for so long that its precise natural range is unknown. It is known for its large number of chromosomes, as it has 154 pairs (308 individuals).
Description.
"Morus nigra" is a deciduous tree growing to tall by broad. The leaves are long by broad - up to long on vigorous shoots, downy on the underside, the upper surface rough with very short, stiff hairs.
The edible fruit is dark purple, almost black, when ripe, long, a compound cluster of several small drupes; it is richly flavoured, similar to the red mulberry ("Morus rubra") but unlike the more insipid fruit of the white mulberry ("Morus alba").
Cultivation and uses.
Black mulberry has long been cultivated for its edible fruit and is planted and often naturalised west across much of Europe, including Ukraine, and east into China. 
Black ("Morus nigra") mulberries are thought to have originated in the mountainous areas of Mesopotamia and Persia and are now widespread throughout Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran, India, Pakistan, Syria, and Turkey, where the tree and the fruit are known by the Persian-derived names "toot" (mulberry) of "shahtoot" (شاه توت) (king's or "superior" mulberry), or, in Arabic, shajarat tukki. Jams and sherbets are often made from the fruit in this region. 
The black mulberry was imported into Britain in the 17th century in the hope that it would be useful in the cultivation of silkworms ("Bombyx mori"). It was unsuccessful because silkworms prefer the white mulberry but has left a legacy of large and old trees in many country house gardens. Care is needed to prevent the crushed berries from staining carpets in the houses nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="5892141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892141" title="Zippy Pronoia Tour">
Zippy Pronoia Tour

In 1994, John Battelle, co-founding editor of Wired Magazine, commissioned Jules Marshall to write a piece on the Zippies. The cover story broke records for being one of the most publicized stories of the year and was used to promote Wired's HotWired news service.
The people involved with this positive media virus rode a massive wave until they were knocked off that wave by powerful interests. The web archive of the Zippy Pronoia Tour to US represents one of the very first cyberculture destinations on the web.

</doc>
<doc id="5892159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892159" title="Alrune Rod">
Alrune Rod

Alrune Rod (formed 1968) was a Danish psychedelic rock band.
Alrune Rod appeared in the 1971 concert film "Skæve Dage I Thy"[http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0145474/]. The film whose title loosely translates as "Stoned Days in Thy" documents the Thylejren, the first rock music festival in Denmark which took place in Thy in 1970. Alrune Rod played at the festival, sometimes called the Danish Woodstock, alongside contemporaries in the Danish music scene at the time to an audience of 30,000.
Rock musician and musicologist Julian Cope has described their first two albums as: 
"sounding somewhere between early Pink Floyd, an emptier Arthur Brown’s Kingdom Come, and PAWN HEARTS-period Van Der Graaf Generator"
Band members.
Original band members

</doc>
<doc id="5892187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892187" title="East Portland, Oregon">
East Portland, Oregon

East Portland was a city in the U.S. state of Oregon that was consolidated into Portland in 1891. It was founded on a land claim by James B. Stephens in 1846, who bought a land claim from John McLoughlin of the Hudson's Bay Company. The City of East Portland, Oregon, was incorporated in 1871.
Stephens platted the land from the Willamette River to East First Street, and from today's Glisan Street to present Hawthorne Boulevard. Much of the land east of the river was marshy and crossed by creeks and sloughs, so it was less desirable than Portland river front property on the west side of the Willamette River. Development was difficult and expensive since many streets had to be built on trestles.
A few years after Stephens acquired his land, Gideon Tibbetts filed a Donation Land Claim for south of what is now Division Street in southeast Portland. Tibbetts founded the first flour mill on the east side of the Willamette River, planted extensive orchards, and raised hay on part of his claim. He platted some of this land in the Brooklyn neighborhood, and platted an addition to East Portland. Tibbetts sold some parcels and his flour mill to Stephens later. The value of East Portland waterfront property skyrocketed in 1869, when the East-Side Oregon Central Railroad connecting East Portland and Salem was completed. Railroad magnate Ben Holladay established ferry service across the Willamette to Portland from the northern terminus of the railroad about that time; the boat was superseded in 1880 by the Oregon & California Railroad Ferry No. 2, put into service by Henry Villard, and later relocated to San Francisco Bay after the construction of the Steel and Morrison bridges.
On July 6, 1891, the cities of East Portland, Albina and Portland merged as the city of Portland, Oregon. At the time, the population of East Portland was estimated to be 11,457. In about the same year, Ladd's Addition, which lay between the Stephens and Tibbetts land claims, was converted from farm land to a residential neighborhood.
The term East Portland now refers to the portion of the city east of 82nd Avenue, where approximately 28% of Portland's population resides.
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, East Portland has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.3. 

</doc>
<doc id="5892191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892191" title="Lord Rootes Memorial Fund">
Lord Rootes Memorial Fund

The Lord Rootes Memorial Fund was endowed in memory of Baron Rootes to benefit students at the University of Warwick. Students must first submit a proposal for a research project showing both imagination and innovation. Successful proposal writers are then invited to a panel interview with the academics which compose the Lord Rootes Memorial Fund Committee. This committee then advises the trustees on which projects to fund. Awards range between £100 and £3000. Following completion of their project, students are expected to produce a report of publishable standard to justify the sponsorship they have received. This is then made available to the public through the Modern Records Centre at the University of Warwick in Coventry. The final 20% of the research grant is only released on receipt of a satisfactory report.
In 2013, the following projects were funded by the Lord Rootes Memorial Fund:

</doc>
<doc id="5892193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892193" title="Loverboy (2005 film)">
Loverboy (2005 film)

Loverboy is a 2005 dramatic film. It was directed by Kevin Bacon and the cast includes his wife, Kyra Sedgwick, as well as both of their children, Travis and Sosie. Thus far, it is the only film credit for both the children, though Sosie Bacon would later appear on the television show "The Closer".
Plot.
Most of the story is told in flashbacks from the opening scene to Emily's childhood and adult life
The movie opens with Emily (Kyra Sedgwick) singing to her 6-year-old son in a car while attempting to teach him the hand positions on a car steering wheel. During this time the scene keeps cutting back and forth to Emily packing a child’s suitcase. In the car she tells him that they are about to leave on a journey to an amazing land. 
The scene changes and travels to eight and a half years earlier, during which Emily narrates her story on how she conceived her son Paul. She believed that she had only one purpose, to bring life to this earth. After unsuccessful artificial inseminations, she set out seeking numerous sexual encounters with random men all over the country. She theorized that multiple men meant no father, and she wanted it that way. However, after 10 weeks of pregnancy, she begins to bleed at an airport, losing her child and her hope of ever having a baby. Retreating into a state of depression she takes sanctuary at a hotel during a business seminar, where she meets a man named Paul (Campbell Scott). They immediately connect and have a passionate night which results in Emily’s second pregnancy. 
She buys a house and gives birth to a boy, whom she named Paul, after his father. She spends every waking moment with Paul, reading books to him and searching for buried treasure. She playfully nicknames him Loverboy and he calls her Miss Darling. As he gets older he sees other children going to school and he questions Emily why he was not going too. She tries to keep him away from other children as the means to protect him but as the days go by he becomes increasingly difficult as he attempts to get to school and have fun. 
When she finally succumbs to his requests and lets him go to school, she begins to experience separation anxiety; she constantly tries to pull him out of school and Paul, not appreciating this, runs away. When the staff tries to calm Emily, she breaks down stating that her child is exceptional and school is diminishing his potential.
Back in opening scene in the car, Paul loses his first tooth and Emily makes him sleep in the car, after which she takes a bottle of pills and falls asleep with the car engine running. Emily had blocked the garage door with rags as an attempt to suffocate her and Paul believing that this was the only way they could be forever together.
In the morning the boy who mows the lawn finds Paul and he survives. Emily, however, does not.
In the end, Paul is older and in a field with his girlfriend whispering into the ears of the sheep just as he and his mother used to do.

</doc>
<doc id="5892200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892200" title="Idaho State Police">
Idaho State Police

The Idaho State Police (ISP) is the statewide law enforcement agency for the state of Idaho. It was created on May 18, 1919, as the Bureau of Constabulary, under the new Department of Law Enforcement, to detect and investigate crime, "order abatement of public nuisances and to enforce such orders by appropriate court action, to suppress riots, prevent wrongs to children and dumb animals that are inhibited by law." The state constabulary was also charged with the organization of various state, county and municipal peace officers.
Divisions.
The Idaho State Police is divided geographically into 2 regions. Each region contains 3 districts with a central headquarters and training facility located in Meridian, Idaho. The Region 1 district offices (1-3) are located in Coeur d'Alene, Lewiston, and Meridian. The Region 2 district offices (4-6) are located in Jerome, Pocatello, and Idaho Falls. Each region has a commanding major. Each district has a different captain and command staff, and are managed separately. Each district has two divisions; patrol and investigations. Despite the large size of the state, the force only consists of 256 troopers (62 of them assigned to the Investigations Section ) and 78 civilian staff.
Patrol.
The patrol division consists of uniformed state troopers who enforce the laws of Idaho. Commonly, a trooper will spend their time enforcing motor vehicle law while on call. Troopers have authority to investigate and enforce fish and game violations.
Investigation.
The investigation division consists of plain-clothes detectives who enforce the laws of Idaho. The Idaho State Police detectives investigate major crimes such as homicide and large scale drug-related offenses.
Other duties.
The Idaho State Police has two regional communications centers staffed with dispatchers who provide support to officers in the field.
Some areas of the state such as the Boise valley and the Coeur d’Alene area are large enough that the local agencies can handle large criminal cases themselves. However, much of the state is made up of small rural communities where the local law enforcement agencies often do not have the staff or budget to handle large investigations. It is in these smaller areas that the State Police often assists in providing investigation and law enforcement.
The Idaho State Police is tasked with the physical protection of the Governor of the state as well as other dignitaries who may need protection.
The Idaho State Police has a 20 member tactical team made up of both troopers and detectives from every region in the state. The team was formerly referred to as the Crisis Response Team, the name has since been changed to Special Weapons and Tactics.. Due to budget restraints the team was disbanded. 
The Idaho State Police had also, until recently, fielded a Crowd Intervention Team to suppress riots and manage large crowds. Due to budget constraints and lack of use the team was deactivated.
Weapons.
Idaho State Police Troopers are issued the Glock 21 (45 ACP) and or a Glock 22 (40 S&W). Detectives are issued the Glock 30. Each Trooper is issued a Colt M-4 rifle with select fire. ISP Trooper Sergeants are also issued a shotgun to fire bean bag rounds.
Fallen officers.
Since the establishment of the Idaho State Police, five officers have died in the line of duty.

</doc>
<doc id="5892204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892204" title="Prasthanatrayi">
Prasthanatrayi

Prasthanatrayi (, IAST: ), literally, "three sources", refers to the three canonical texts of Hindu philosophy, especially of the Vedanta schools. It consists of:
The Upanishads consist of twelve or thirteen major texts, with total 108 texts. The is part of the .The (also known as the ""), systematize the doctrines taught in the Upanishads and the . 
All the founders of the three major schools of Vedanta, viz, Adi Shankara, Ramanujacharya, Nimbarkacharya and Madhva wrote ("commentaries") on these texts.

</doc>
<doc id="5892219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892219" title="Albert Roberts">
Albert Roberts

Albert Roberts (14 May 1908 – 11 May 2000) was a British Labour politician.
Roberts was educated at Whitwood Technical College and worked as a mining engineer and mines inspector for the Yorkshire Safety Board 1941-51. He was elected a councillor on Rothwell Urban District Council 1937-51, serving as chair in 1948.
Roberts was Member of Parliament for Normanton from 1951 to 1983. His successor was Bill O'Brien. He was vice-chairman of the British branch of the Inter-Parliamentary Union.

</doc>
<doc id="5892235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892235" title="Mount Torrens, South Australia">
Mount Torrens, South Australia

Mount Torrens () is a town in the eastern Adelaide Hills region of South Australia, 46 kilometres east-north-east of the state capital, Adelaide and 8 km east of Lobethal along the Onkaparinga River. It is located in the Adelaide Hills Council local government area. At the 2006 census, Mount Torrens had a population of 337.
The Indigenous name for the mount is unknown. The first Europeans to discover and ascend it, on 25 January 1838, were the exploration party of Dr. George Imlay and John Hill, but they did not name it.
The mount (and nearby town) was named later after Colonel Robert Torrens, one of South Australia's founding fathers, apparently in the mistaken belief that the Angas Creek which flows down the hill was the source of the Torrens River. 
The town was developed by the Dunn family in the early 1840s. Then known as Barton Springs, it incorporated a farmhouse, smithy, stables and the Cornish Arms Inn. The town proper was laid out in 1853, and it served the Murray River trade at Mannum as well as a nearby copper mine. A small gold deposit was discovered in 1870, but by World War I, the town's importance had diminished, and the town that stands today is virtually unchanged since that time.
At the ABS 2001 census, Mount Torrens had a population of 319 people living in 120 dwellings.
Mount Torrens has a football club, hotel and general store, as well as several historical buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5892238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892238" title="Balmiki sect">
Balmiki sect

Balmiki or Valmiki (Nepali: बाल्मिकी, "Vālmīki") is a Dalit sect of Hinduism centered on the sage Valmiki. The community is found in Punjab, Rajasthan, and Gujarat and worship Valmiki as their ancestor and God.
Valmiki was a Brahmin by birth. Valmikis believe that he was an Avatar of God, and they consider his works, the Ramayana and the Yoga Vasistha, as their holy scripture.The titles of the Boyas are said to be Naidu or Nayudu, Naik, Dora, Dorabidda (children of chieftains), and Valmiki.

</doc>
<doc id="5892258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892258" title="Vankarem">
Vankarem

Vankarem (; Chukchi: ) is a village ("selo") in Iultinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia, situated on Cape Vankarem on the coast of the Chukchi Sea. Population: Municipally, Vankarem is subordinated to Iultinsky Municipal District and incorporated as Vankarem Rural Settlement.
Demographics.
It is largely inhabited by indigenous Chukchi and Siberian Yupik people and has a population according to the most recent census results of 184, of whom 98 were male and 86 female, a reduction on an estimate made in 2006 of 210 people.
History.
The origins of the name of the settlement are disputed. Some people believe that the name is associated with the traditional beliefs commonly held by indigenous Asian Arctic peoples which equate sea creatures closely with humans and that the name comes from the Chukchi word "Vankaremen" meaning Tusk People, as indigenous hunters referred to their prey as "Walrus People".
Other sources think that the name means "Temporarily Abandoned Bone Dwellings", a thought which has arisen due to puzzlement over the precise history of the settlement. The Chukchi who arrived in the area in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries found well preserved homes built by a culture which they had previously not encountered and about which they knew nothng, and it is speculated that the settlement might have been abandoned because the previous inhabitants died from some form of epidemic. Indeed, Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld's expedition in the 1870s found a number of recently abandoned houses in the nearby village of Ryrkaypiy which were full of ivory carvings.
The inhabitants of the village played a key role in the rescue of the passengers and crew aboard the SS Chelyuskin, when it was crushed by ices near Kolyuchin Island in 1934.
Wildlife.
In 2006, participants of the World Wildlife Fund Bear Patrol project reported that the village was as besieged by polar bears, with up to thirty polar bears visiting the village every night.
Economy.
The region's ancient coastal hunting and fishing cultures are preserved by the local population.
Transport.
There is an airfield in the village however, Vankarem is not connected to any other part of the world by road. There is however a road network within the village including the following streets:
Climate.
Vankarem has a Tundra climate ("ET") because the warmest month has an average temperature between and .

</doc>
<doc id="5892268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892268" title="Jack Dunnett">
Jack Dunnett

John Jacob Dunnett (born 24 June 1922), known as Jack Dunnett, is a British Labour Party politician.
He was educated at Whitgift Middle School, Croydon, and Downing College, Cambridge, and became a solicitor. He served as a councillor on Middlesex County Council 1958-61 and on Enfield Borough Council 1958-61, serving as an alderman until 1963. He was elected to the Greater London Council in 1964.
Dunnett was elected at the 1964 general election as Member of Parliament for Nottingham Central and held the seat until it was abolished in boundary changes for the 1974 election. He was then returned for the new Nottingham East until he retired from the House of Commons at the 1983 general election, when Nottingham East was won by the Conservatives.
Dunnett was Chairman of Brentford Football Club and Notts County Football Club. He was also President of the Football League 1981-1986 and 1988-89*.

</doc>
<doc id="5892271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892271" title="Type 91 Surface-to-air missile">
Type 91 Surface-to-air missile

The is a Japanese man-portable surface-to-air missile system. Its appearance is similar to the US-made FIM-92 Stinger anti-aircraft missile. It was created in order to replace its stock of American-made Stinger MANPADS, since the Type 91 has a better guidance system, which consist of both light and infrared system options. The Stinger, on the other hand, uses a passive infrared homing guidance system.
In the ranks of the JSDF, the Type 91 is colloquially known as Hand Arrow. The Type 91 is sometimes mistaken as a Japanese-made version of the Stinger. The Type 91 is exclusively used by the JSDF and has not been exported overseas due to their constitutional laws.
The Type 91 is officially treated as a 4th-generation MANPAD system.
History.
Development work on an advanced infra-red seeker began in 1979 at the Technical Research and Development Institute (TRDI) after Toshiba and Kawasaki Heavy Industries submitted their projects with the former being selected. In 1982, the Japan Self-Defense Forces began looking for a replacement for the FIM-92 Stinger which was then in service via Foreign Military Sales. Development of the missile was then known as Keiko or SAM-X was deferred until 1987. Toshiba took over the project in 1988 and began engineering development. The development was completed in 1990, and low rate production was started in 1991. The missile was initially designated the Type 91 Kin-SAM and as the SAM-2. It was first deployed in 1994.
The adoption of the Type 91 allowed the JSDF to gradually retire the Stingers, with the last stocks officially removed from JGSDF service in 2009. JGSDF Apaches still retain the Stinger as anti-aircraft missiles.
In 2007, the Type 91 Kai was delivered by Toshiba after being produced to replace the original Type 91 with several improvements including its motor and capability to be fired in the dark.
Design.
The missile is similar to the Stinger missile it replaced with two rocket solid motors, an initial booster motor and a sustainer. The imaging seeker uses 3rd generation-made infrared and ultraviolet guidance systems. On launch, the missile records the target's image profile and is able to ignore defensive countermeasures such as flares. The Type 91's missile travels at a Mach speed of 1.9.
The Type 91 comes with the rocket launcher, an external battery pack, IFF system, missiles and other training equipment. The Type 91 weights at 11.5 kilograms, which is lighter than the Stinger as it has a weight of 15.2 kilograms.
Improvements of the Type 91 Kai included missile with image-infra-red seeker, smokeless motor and the capability to have faster shooting and target acquisition and was also improved for the ability to be used at night.
Variants.
An improved version of the Type 91, called the Type 91 Kai, was delivered to replaced the original. A vehicle based variant, the Type 93 Surface-to-air missile launcher, has also been developed. This is also made by Toshiba Heavy Industries. The system is mounted on Toyota-made Kōkidōshas.

</doc>
<doc id="5892284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892284" title="Gerald R. Tremblay">
Gerald R. Tremblay

Gérald R. Tremblay, (born 1944) is a Canadian lawyer practising law in the province of Quebec.
Born in Jonquière, Quebec, he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1964 from the Université Laval and his law degree from the University of Ottawa in 1967. He was admitted to the Bar of Quebec in 1968. He was created a Queen's Counsel in 1987.
He is a partner in the law firm McCarthy Tétrault LLP.
Gerarld Tremblay started his private law practice with Stikeman Elliott in Montreal and then joined his current firm. He spent the early part of his career in representing the federal government in major cases.
He is considered the most brilliant litigator in court, from civil court to the Supreme Court.
Many of the most important litigations in the last 30 years included his participation in one capacity or another. Tremblay is the most consummate courtroom actor and now as a batonnier of Quebec.
He is recognized by his peers as the leading lawyer in Quebec. "Pro bonno" cases have been fought as they were the most lucrative for him and Tremblay is a lawyers' lawyer. The human touch of Tremblay is his "bon vivant joie de vivre" that is expressed daily and makes him a one-of-a-kind lawyer.
He, unbeknown to many, played a very important role in international relations striking resolutions to world crises. He is one of the very few private lawyers who made a federal where this silk honour is no longer bestowed in the provinces.
In 2003, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada in recognition of being "considered an authority on litigation both in Canada and internationally". In 2005, he was made an Officer of the National Order of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="5892290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892290" title="Gamestation">
Gamestation

Gamestation was a chain of UK retail shops selling used and new video games and was the second-largest specialist video game retailer in the UK until it was acquired by Game in 2007, a group which owns many different gaming stores throughout the UK and Europe. In March 2012 the Game Group went into administration and a number of Gamestation stores including the company's flagship store in Birmingham New Street were closed. Game and Gamestation were purchased from the administrators by OpCapita. 
On 14 September 2012, it was announced that the Gamestation brand will disappear with all stores being rebranded as Game. On 18 November 2012, the Gamestation website closed and redirected to that of Game.
History.
Foundation and sale to Blockbuster.
Gamestation was founded in 1993 in York and by 2002 it had 64 stores across the UK. In 2002 Gamestation was sold during the peak sales period of PlayStation 2 to American video rental giant Blockbuster who invested heavily in an aggressive store roll out program. This, coupled with competitive pricing subsidised by the buoyant video rental market of the time, elevated the chain to second highest market share in the UK games industry; behind Game.
2006 saw their American parent company file massive debts in the region of $550 million, leading to widespread speculation that the company was either rife to a take over or teetering on the edge of administration - however Gamestation was in fact still making healthy profits, Blockbuster went through a process of consolidation and sold any outlets not branded 'Blockbuster' in an effort to concentrate on its core business.
Sale to GAME.
Blockbuster Inc. announced on 2 May 2007 that it had sold Gamestation Ltd. to British-based Game Group Plc for about £75 million ($150 million). 217 Gamestation stores were sold in the deal. Gamestation's smaller "concession" stores, that operated inside of some Blockbuster stores, were not involved in the Game takeover and were instead owned by Blockbuster exclusively. These stores were re-branded as 'Blockbuster Games' stores and no longer operate under the Gamestation identity.
The Gamestation brand was run in parallel with the parent company's Game brand.
Operations.
Gamestation was based at Unity House in Basingstoke from 2009 until its demise.
Online operations were operated through Gamestation.co.uk, originally managed by Game Group's 2004 acquisition Gameplay GB ltd. Pricing structures were similar to the groups other UK websites, but maintains the Gamestation identity. As of May 2012, the websites for both Game and Gamestation are run by Game Retail Ltd.
On 29 February 2012 it was announced that both Game and Gamestation would no longer stock new titles from Electronic Arts. This is due to the major games distributor refusing to give the company reduced rates and/or rebates. This affected the pre-orders of Mass Effect 3, due out the following week.
On 8 March 2012 it was reported that both GAME and Gamestation were heavily discounting stock in an attempt to minimise any debts ahead of administration, and it was duly confirmed on 26 March 2012 that Game Group had entered administration with PricewaterhouseCoopers and Ian Shepard stepped down as CEO. As of November 2011, Gamestation had operated 232 stores throughout the UK only, and 277 stores operating under both brands were instantly closed. All the Irish Game stores were closed.
On 31 March 2012, OpCapita officially made a deal to purchase the Group, taking on the 334 remaining stores and securing over 3000 jobs. 
Deals and appeal.
Until they bought Gamestation, Game were considered to be Gamestation's primary competitor. Gamestation's main method of attracting customers is to put on more special offers than its competitor as well as focusing on pre-owned games and large discounts on older titles.
The chain mainly focused on the sixth & seventh generation of consoles: PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable, as well as the PC and previous generations of consoles (such as PlayStation 2, Xbox, Nintendo GameCube, and Game Boy Advance). They also sell, and accept as part exchange, games and consoles from older generations, such as the Sega Master System, Mega Drive, Sega Saturn, Dreamcast, NES, Super NES, Nintendo 64 and PlayStation, although this practice looks set to cease due to Game disposing of old "retro" stock. Game accessories for the older consoles are also available.
Christmas Promotions.
Gamestation advertised their Christmas promotions with 'Fat Chris' which is a parody of Father Christmas (advertised as "What's half of Father Christmas?" - "Fat Chris!"). He was used for Christmas 2006 and 2007, and also reappeared in the 2008 Christmas advertising campaign. In 2009, however, it was dropped with the shop promotions "starring" the branch manager of the particular store, to encourage the customers to talk to the staff and give the stores a more personal feel.
In 2010 Gamestation relaunched it's Christmas campaign with a similar theme, "Talk to the Gamers". A campaign used to again encourage customers to come and talk to the staff in an attempt to be more personal. This promotion starred the "Faces of Gamestation." Four staff members from the Gamestation brand were chosen and used in both standard advertising and Christmas themed displays. Mainly used in store and in newspapers. The original four staff members were Steve (Liverpool Lord Street), Robyn (Merry Hill), Amber (Bracknell) and Kevin (Reading). The response from this was quite popular so the idea was used again throughout 2011 with a different cast of staff.
The 2011 Christmas campaign was themed "Welcome Home Gamers" with television adverts focused on people portraying family members, friends or the "Gamer" themselves coming in from the cold and finding what they needed in store.
April Fools' 2010.
On April Fools' Day 2010, Gamestation temporarily added a clause to its online sales contract claiming that "By placing an order via this Web site on the first day of the fourth month of the year 2010 Anno Domini, you agree to grant Us a non transferable option to claim, for now and for ever more, your immortal soul." Besides the humorous reference to a deal with the devil, the prank was meant to illustrate the problems with fine print in clickwrap license agreements that allow companies to hide unfavourable conditions from their consumers.

</doc>
<doc id="5892291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892291" title="Severstal Air Company">
Severstal Air Company

Severstal Aircompany (Северсталь) is an airline with its head office on the property of Cherepovets Airport in Botovo village, Cherepovetsky District, Russia.
Destinations.
As of 2011 Severstal Aircompany operates services to the following scheduled destinations:
Codeshare agreements.
Severstal Air Company has codeshare agreement with the following airlines (as of July 2013):
Fleet.
As at 10 June 2012, Severstal Air fleet includes:

</doc>
<doc id="5892293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892293" title="Solomon Schonfeld">
Solomon Schonfeld

Rabbi Dr Solomon Schonfeld (21 February 1912 – 6 February 1984) was a British rabbi who is heralded as one of the most remarkable, yet least known of the Holocaust heroes.
Schonfeld studied at the yeshiva in Nyitra, Austria-Hungary (now Nitra, Slovakia) In Nitra he became the student and lifelong friend of Rabbi Michoel Ber Weissmandl, who acted as his inspiration in his rescue work.
When the scale of rescue work needed became apparent in the 1930s, he became the executive director of the Chief Rabbi's Religious Emergency Council, formed under the auspices of his father-in-law, Chief Rabbi Joseph H. Hertz in 1938. He personally rescued many thousands of Jews from Nazi forces in Central and Eastern Europe during the years 1938-1948.
He founded the Hasmonean High School in 1944 and the other schools that formed the Jewish Secondary Schools Movement.
In 1933 he became the rabbi of the Adath Yisroel Synagogue in North London, and succeeded his father as principal of the fledgling Jewish Secondary School. He was the Presiding Rabbi of the Union of Orthodox Hebrew Congregations and president of the National Council for Jewish Religious Day Schools in Great Britain.
During the Holocaust.
Schonfeld personally rescued thousands of Jews. He was a very charismatic, dedicated, innovative and dynamic young man. His rescue efforts were inspired by his teacher at the Nitra Yeshivah, Rabbi Michael Ber Weissmandl. This explains, in part, some of his daring and innovative rescue style. His rescue activities were under auspices of the Chief Rabbi’s Religious Emergency Council, which he created with approval of Chief Rabbi Joseph H. Hertz, his father-in-law.
In the fall of 1938, following Kristallnacht, Julius Steinfeld, a communal leader in Austria, called Rabbi Schonfeld, pleading with him to assemble a children’s transport to England for Vienna’s Orthodox Jewish youth. Rabbi Schonfeld met with Yaakov Rosenheim and Harry Goodman, president and secretary of World Agudath Israel respectively, but even before they could decide on a strategy, he boarded a train to Vienna. Rabbi Schonfeld helped Steinfeld organize a kindertransport of close to 300 Orthodox Jewish youngsters, providing the British government with his personal guarantee in order to secure their entry. See ""Holocaust Hero: Solomon Schonfeld"" by David Kranzler, Ktav Publishing House, New Jersey, 2004.
He saved large numbers of Jews with South American protection papers. He single-handedly brought over to England several thousand youngsters, rabbis, teachers, ritual slaughterers and other religious functionaries. Schonfeld provided his "charges" not only with safety but also with kosher homes, Jewish education and jobs. He also initiated two very important rescue initiatives. In late summer 1942 he convinced the Colonial Office to allow Jews to find safe haven in Mauritius. In December 1942 he discussed his ideas about rescue with a number of highly positioned church men and Members of Parliament, and organized Parliament-wide support for a motion that asked the government to make a declaration along the following lines:
""That in view of the massacres and starvation of Jews and others in enemy and enemy-occupied countries, this House asks H. M. Government, following the United Nations Declaration read to both Houses of Parliament on 17th December, 1942, and in consultation with the Dominion Governments and the Government of India, to declare its readiness to find temporary refuge in its own territories or in territories under its control for endangered persons who are able to leave those countries; to appeal to the Governments of countries bordering on enemy and enemy-occupied countries to allow temporary asylum and transit facilities for such persons; to offer to those Governments, so far as practicable, such help as may be needed to facilitate their co-operation; and to invite the other Allied Governments to consider similar action.""
Within ten days, two Archbishops, eight Peers, four Bishops, the Episcopate of England and Wales and 48 members of all parties signed the notice of meeting to consider the Motion. Eventually the number of members of Parliament in support of the motion rose to 177.
The above two 1942 initiatives could possibly have saved large numbers of Jews, but regretfully obstruction destroyed these important opportunities. The main reasons for obstruction were petty jealousy and tragic inability to appropriately prioritize the immediate cause of rescue and important but longer-term initiatives which could have waited until after the war. (The Parliamentary motion omitted Palestine as a possible temporary haven and was therefore opposed by a vocal faction.)
Schonfeld considered as one his failures his unsuccessful request to the British government to heed Rabbi Weissmandl’s plea to bomb Auschwitz.
After the war he rushed to the liberated continent to serve the spiritual and physical needs of survivors.
Family life.
Schonfeld was the son of Rabbi Dr Victor Schonfeld, rabbi of the Adath Yisroel Synagogue and founder and principal of what became known as the Avigdor School (posthumously named in his honour). In 1940 he married Judith Hertz, daughter of Chief Rabbi Dr Joseph H. Hertz, with whom he had three sons between 1940 and 1951.
Death.
Schonfeld died in 1984 of a long-term brain tumour.
Deatlh.
Schonfeld was posthumously awarded the British Hero of the Holocaust award in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5892297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892297" title="List of Volkskammer members (9th election period)">
List of Volkskammer members (9th election period)

This list gives an overview of all Members of East German Volkskammer during its 9th election period (1986–1990). <br> Stand: 15. August 1986 
Composition.
As per the Volkskammer election of 8 June 1986, according to official results, 99.94% of ballots were for candidates of Die nationale Front. <br> 
The election itself had no influence on the composition of the parliament and factions. All seats had been allocated beforehand.

</doc>
<doc id="5892306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892306" title="Øravík">
Øravík

Øravík is a village on the east coast of the island of Suðuroy in the Faroe Islands.
The village is located in the center of the island on a crossroad where the road to Fámjin goes towards west over the mountains to the west coast. One part of the village is located in the bay of Øravík, the other part is 3 km further north near the ferry port Krambatangi. The northern part of Øravík and the southern part of Trongisvágur have grown together. Øravík is one of the few places in Suðuroy which still has cattle. Besides from that there are other domestic animals like sheep and geese. There is a small harbour in Øravík and some boat houses.
Varðagøtur.
Just south of Øravík up in the mountains is a place called Mannaskarð, where the old walking paths from five villages meet, these paths are called varðagøtur in Faroese, named after "varðar", which means cairn. These are all around the island between the villages and other places, so people could find their way in the old days, before the roads for cars were made. On Mannaskarð the paths from Øravík, Fámjin, Hov, Porkeri and Vágur meet. Sometimes hiking trips are arranged along these old paths.
Folklore.
Øravík is mentioned in Suduroy Saga (Suðuroyar Sagnir) several times, i.e. in the story about Vísa Marjun (Wise Marion). One of the stories about her tell about how she scared away the pirates who ravaged at that time. They embarked in Hvalba and wanted to go to all of the island to steal what they could find. People escaped up in the mountains to hide in caves there, but Wise Marion was not scared, she stood and waited for them and sent a retarded boy towards them. According to the story the pirates got scared that she may put a spell on them, so they turned around and went back to Hvalba. The pirates were called Turks, but they came from Algier in North Africa, which was a part of the Ottoman Empire.
The road and the tunnel between Øravík and Hov.
In 1943 work started to make a road between Øravík and Hov. However, very little progress was made as only a few men were working on the road. They made the road from Øravík to Trøllavík (near Tjaldavík), but stopped in 1953. The work had also started on the other side of the mountains, in Hov, but there too they made little progress, and when the work there also stopped in 1953 they had only made it a short way from the village. Three years later they started to work again on both sides of the Øravík-Hov road. This time they were around 70 men on the northern side and around 60 men on the southern side. On 1 October 1958 the road was finally opened.
49 years after the opening of the road between Øravík and Hov, which was a very big progress back then, a tunnel was opened between the same two villages. The tunnel, Hovstunnilin, was opened on 20 October 2007.
Data.
Population: 42 in Øravík and 70 in Øravíkarlíð 

</doc>
<doc id="5892313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892313" title="Mona Tyndall">
Mona Tyndall

Sister Dr. Mona Tyndall (14 April 1921 – 7 June 2000) was a medical doctor and Roman Catholic missionary in Nigeria and Zambia. She was one of the six children of businessman David P. Tyndall and his wife, Sarah Gaynor Tyndall.
Raised in County Dublin, she became a member of the Roman Catholic religious congregation of the Missionary Sisters of the Holy Rosary (MSHR). A missionary in Nigeria and Zambia, she was an active development worker in the early fight against HIV/AIDS through her leadership of Mother & Child Clinics which were supported by the Irish Government's overseas aid programme in Zambia.
Religious profession & medical qualifications.
She joined the Holy Rosary Sisters in Killeshandra, County Cavan, in 1940, and after religious profession on 28 August 1942, she later qualified as a medical doctor at University College Dublin. She then went to England and qualified as an obstetrician and gynaecologist.
Missionary life.
Nigeria and the Biafran War.
She began her missionary life in Africa starting in Nigeria in 1949 where she ministered to the sick and particularly to young mothers. She was very active along with her fellow religious, in caring for the wounded and displaced during the Biafran War which broke out in Nigeria in 1967. Mission hospitals and feeding centers were overwhelmed by the plight of the sick and wounded civilians and soldiers, and she labored to save lives and console homeless orphans. She and others cared for the starving and the dying. Federal Nigerian troops overcame the Biafran secessionist resistance, and took possession of all the Mission stations. 
Sister Mona and her fellow sisters and priests remained at their posts as long as they could until they were arrested and imprisoned, along with their Bishop, Dr. J. Whelan, C.S.Sp. They were reportedly released only through the personal intercession of Pope Paul VI and then deported from Nigeria. 
Zambia.
The remainder of her missionary life was spent in Zambia, where she worked firstly in Monze Mission Hospital, and later in Lusaka University Teaching Hospital (UTH), after a brief year in the Westminster Pastoral Institute in London. As Consultant Obstetrician/Gynaecologist at Lusaka UTH, she became a national tutor in the sympto-thermal method of family planning. Concerned with hospital overcrowding and high post-natal mortality, she strove to reduce maternal mortality by half in the 1990s, in accordance with the "Health for All" Alma Ata Declaration (1978). In this, she was strongly supported by the Government of Zambia, and attracted funding from Ireland's then-emerging Official Development Assistance. 
With official encouragement and Irish aid, she helped establish the first ten maternal health clinics, and the country's first related ambulance service. Overcrowding at UTH was substantially reduced, and the project was expanded throughout the country. She was credited with a major role in setting up a network of rural clinics with trained local personnel, which dispensed natural family planning methods, and eventually raised awareness about the dangers of HIV/AIDS. The maternal clinics network was the result of her initiative. 
Exemplary influence.
She retired from active missionary service and returned to Cavan in 1995, where she became involved with the Cavan Bereavement Group, for which she trained as a counselor and supervisor. She was an acknowledged contributor to Ireland's first White Paper on foreign policy, and is credited with having had an important role in influencing some elements of Ireland's then-emerging overseas development aid policy. She was one of 17 contributors from the public whose written submissions were acknowledged in the policy paper, and lodged in the National Archives of Ireland. 

</doc>
<doc id="5892324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892324" title="The Times They Are a-Changin' (musical)">
The Times They Are a-Changin' (musical)

The Times They Are a-Changin' is a musical, conceived, directed and choreographed by Twyla Tharp.
Mixing the theatre, dance and the musical stylings of Bob Dylan, Twyla Tharp tells a coming-of-age story that takes place inside a low-rent traveling circus found within a dark and humorous dream world.
Production history.
The musical debuted at the Old Globe Theatre in San Diego, California on February 9, 2006 running through March 2006. 
It then premiered on Broadway at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre on October 26, 2006 and closed on November 19, 2006 after 28 performances and 35 previews. Tharp both directed and choreographed, with set and costumes by Santo Loquasto and lighting by Donald Holder. The cast featured John Selya, Michael Arden, Neil Haskell, Thom Sesma, and Lisa Brescia.
It received mostly negative reviews. "The New York Times" review stated "But if the choreography at times defies gravity, the show itself may be the most earthbound work Ms. Tharp has produced. Even as the dancers seem to fly, Mr. Dylan’s lyrics are hammered, one by one, into the ground."

</doc>
<doc id="5892325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892325" title="Ijuin Gorō">
Ijuin Gorō

Marshal Admiral Baron was a Meiji-period career officer in the Imperial Japanese Navy.
Life and career.
Born in what is now part of Kagoshima city, as the son of a "samurai" retainer of Satsuma domain, he fought as a Satsuma "samurai" and foot soldier during major actions in the Boshin War (1868) against the forces loyal to the Tokugawa Shogunate. 
After the Meiji Restoration and the establishment of the new Meiji government, Ijūin moved to Tokyo and entered the 4th class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy (1871), and as cadet served on vessels of the early Imperial Japanese Navy. He participated in the Taiwan Expedition (1874), the Ganghwa Island incident off Korea (1875), and the Satsuma Rebellion (1877). 
Sent to England for study in 1877, Ijūin completed courses at Royal Naval College, Greenwich and was commissioned a sub-lieutenant on 27 November 1883. Promoted to lieutenant on 20 June 1885, he returned to work on the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff (1886–99). He was promoted to lieutenant-commander on 16 October 1890 and received a double promotion to captain on 7 December 1894. During the First Sino-Japanese War he served as a staff officer at the Imperial Japanese Navy headquarters. He became a close confidant of navy chief Admiral Yamamoto Gonnohyoe, and was an important planner and specialist in naval technology. 
Promoted to rear admiral on 26 September 1899, Ijūin was a strong proponent of better relations between Japan and the United Kingdom, and worked to develop the Anglo-Japanese Alliance (1902) from behind the scenes. He was promoted to vice-admiral on 5 September 1903. As an engineer, he also developed the "Ijūin Fuse," making use of the newly developed Shimose powder, which was successfully used in heavy naval artillery shells during Russo-Japanese War (1904–05). 
Ijūin became Vice-Chief of the Navy General Staff during the Russo-Japanese War, successively assumed the positions of commander-in-chief of the IJN 2nd Fleet, the IJN 1st Fleet, the Combined Fleet, and then became Chief of the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff (1909–14). 
While commander in chief of the Combined Fleet, Ijūin developed a reputation for being fanatical about training, leading to a popular song among sailors that a week in the Japanese navy was .
Ijūin was elevated to the title of "danshaku" (baron) in 1907 under the "kazoku" peerage system, became an admiral on 1 December 1910 and marshal-admiral (fleet admiral) on 26 May 1915, despite never having actually commanded a ship.
His grave is at Aoyama Cemetery in Tokyo. His son, Admiral Ijūin Matsuji, also a career navy officer, perished in World War II during the Battle of Saipan in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="5892339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892339" title="Sumatran ground cuckoo">
Sumatran ground cuckoo

The Sumatran Ground Cuckoo ("Carpococcyx viridis") is a large, about long, long-tailed terrestrial species of cuckoo. It has a green upperparts plumage with black crown, green bill and legs, bluish green bare orbital skin and brown below. It was formerly considered conspecific with the Bornean Ground Cuckoo. An Indonesian endemic, the Sumatran Ground Cuckoo is distributed to rainforests of southern Sumatra. Before it was rediscovered and photographed in 1997 by Andjar Rafiastanto, this elusive species was known only from eight specimens.
Status and conservation.
Due to ongoing habitat loss and small population size, the Sumatran Ground Cuckoo is evaluated as Critically Endangered on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
In 2006, a camera-trap surveying for tigers close to Kerinci Seblat National Park took an image of the Sumatran Ground Cuckoo, only the second time it had been recorded in the last ninety years. The current population is estimated at less than 250.
In 2007, its call was recorded for the first time according to New York-based Wildlife Conservation Society in a statement released February 26. The call, described as a two-syllable shriek, was recorded by WCS biologists after a trapper handed them a bird he had caught.

</doc>
<doc id="5892349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892349" title="William Whitlock (politician)">
William Whitlock (politician)

William Charles "Bill" Whitlock (Southampton, 20 June 1918 – 2 November 2001, Leicester) was a British Labour Party politician.
Whitlock was educated at Itchen Grammar School and the University of Southampton. He volunteered for the British Army upon graduation, and soon joined the Hampshires. Part of the British Expeditionary Force, he was one of those evacuated on the last day at Dunkirk, escaping aboard a fishing trawler. At the end of 1940, he volunteered for the Airborne forces. Assigned to the British 1st Airborne Division, he landed near Nijmegen during Operation Market Garden and was one of the relatively few British airborne troops to escape death or capture during the operation. An excellent linguist, he remained in the Army for an extra year, acting as a German translator during the occupation.
He was appointed as an area organiser of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers in 1946. In 1957, he became President of the Leicester City Labour Party.
Whitlock was elected Member of Parliament for Nottingham North in 1959. Throughout his career, he was a champion of improved conditions for office workers. A party whip from 1962, Whitlock was appointed Vice-Chamberlain of the Household in 1964, and retained the office until 1966. He was then briefly a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury before being appointed Comptroller of the Household. In 1967, he was again briefly a Commissioner of the Treasury before being appointed Under-Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations. At that office, he was responsible for African affairs, and he advocated the admission of Asians expelled from Uganda into Britain. At the merger of the Foreign Office and Commonwealth Relations in 1968, he became Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs. Sent in 1969 to negotiate with the fledgling government of Anguilla, then seceding from Saint Kitts and Nevis, he was unceremoniously expelled from the country at gunpoint. The incident ended his ministerial career.
In 1983, he unexpectedly lost his seat to the Conservative Party candidate Richard Ottaway as part of Labour's national landslide defeat that year. The margin of defeat of 362 votes (0.8%) was less than the 1,184 votes gained by the Communist candidate John Peck.

</doc>
<doc id="5892351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892351" title="Sadhu Haridas">
Sadhu Haridas

Sadhu Haridas (fl. 1837) was a hatha yogi and fakir of nineteenth-century India, renowned for his reputed power to control his body completely using the power of his mind, employing the energies of kundalini. His most notable feat, carried out in 1837, was to survive burial underground, without food or water and with only a limited supply of oxygen, for forty days. This feat was said to took place at the court of the Maharaja of the Punjab, Ranjit Singh, at Lahore, India (now in Pakistan). 
Haridas was allegedly interred in the presence of the Maharaja, his whole court, and a number of French and British doctors. He adopted a sitting posture, and was covered over and sewn up in cerecloth. He was then placed inside a large wooden case, which was strongly riveted closed and sealed with the Maharaja’s own seal. The case was then lowered into a specially-constructed brick vault. Earth was piled upon the case, and a detachment of the Maharaja's guard was placed to keep watch over the vault; four sentries mounting guard over it by day, and eight by night. Forty days later, Haridas was disinterred in the presence of the Maharaja, his court, and the French and English doctors who had been previously present at his interment. His apparently lifeless body was washed with hot water, massaged, and ghee placed on his eyelids and tongue; in a short time, he had recovered. 
According to Claude Wade, the British Resident at the Maharaja's court: "From the time of the box being opened to the recovery of the voice, not more than half an hour could have elapsed; and in another half hour, the Fakir talked with myself and those about him freely, though feebly, like a sick person. Then we left him, convinced that there had been no fraud or collusion in the exhibition we had witnessed."

</doc>
<doc id="5892355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892355" title="Porthmadog (WHHR) railway station">
Porthmadog (WHHR) railway station

Porthmadog (WHHR) railway station is the southern terminus of the Welsh Highland Heritage Railway and serves the western end of the town of Porthmadog in Gwynedd, Wales. It is situated opposite the Porthmadog National Rail station. The station opened on 2 August 1980 and was originally a simple wooden shed situated in the car park. In January 1986 a portable building was installed at the end of the platforms for use as a waiting room and café.
In 1990 a permanent station building was built between the café and the buffer stops. Initially it replaced the wooden shed and was subsequently extended to the east in 1993 to double the size of the shop. 
The old café was demolished in 1998 and the station building was extended over its site. The station building was built by volunteers and is a single-storey building with a pitched roof and canopy.
During the 1998 Civil's week the 50 lb run round point was replaced with a 75 lb full lead allowing a short siding to be constructed adjacent to the headshunt. This siding is now used to store various historic wagons, considerably enhancing the period feel of the station. The run round loop was relaid in 75 lb rail the same week.

</doc>
<doc id="5892358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892358" title="Scarecrows (1988 film)">
Scarecrows (1988 film)

Scarecrows is a 1988 horror film directed by William Wesley.
Plot.
"Scarecrows" is about five anti-heroic bank robbing paramilitary mercenaries and war criminals who steal three million dollars from Camp Pendleton and take two hostages, a pilot and his daughter. As the robbers fly towards Southern waters, one of the robbers steals the loot and parachutes into a dark field. The remaining robbers land the plane and head for a broken-down house. The house has a demonic history, which causes scarecrows guarding surrounding graves to resurrect and slaughter all trespassers, dooming their victims to live on as scarecrows for all eternity.
Release.
The film was released on VHS by Forum Home Video in 1988. The company released the film in both R-rated and unrated versions. 
The film was released on DVD on September 11, 2007 by MGM/Fox. The DVD is unrated and uncut in a 1.85 anamorphic widescreen presentation with no special features.

</doc>
<doc id="5892361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892361" title="Marjolein Beumer">
Marjolein Beumer

Marjolein Beumer (born October 27, 1966, Amstelveen, Noord-Holland, Netherlands) is a Dutch actress. She is the sister of the actress Famke Janssen ("GoldenEye", "X-Men") and the director Antoinette Beumer. She is married to fellow performer Rik Launspach.

</doc>
<doc id="5892378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892378" title="Valkenburg Castle">
Valkenburg Castle

Valkenburg Castle is a ruined castle in Valkenburg aan de Geul, Netherlands.
History.
In the year 1115, fortifications were erected at the site by Gosewijn I, Lord of Valkenburg. This original wooden keep survived until 1122 when it was destroyed under siege by Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor. The castle was rebuilt in the following centuries but was again destroyed in a siege, this time by Jan III, Duke of Brabant. The current ruins are those of the castle rebuilt in the 14th century.
The castle was blown up during the Franco-Dutch War, in 1672, by the army of King-Stadtholder Willem III to prevent it falling into French hands.
References.
Kransber, D. & H. Mils, "Kastelengids van Nederland, middeleeuwen", Bussem 1979 (ISBN 90 228 3856 0)
Kalkwiek, K.A., A.I.J.M. Schellart, H.P.H. Jansen & P.W. Geudeke, "Atlas van de Nederlandse kastelen", Alphen aan den Rijn 1980 (ISBN 90 218 2477 9)
Helsdingen, H.W. van, "Gids voor de Nederlandse kastelen en buitenplaatsen", Amsterdam 1966
Tromp, H.M.J., "Kijk op kastelen" Amsterdam 1979 (ISBN 90 10 02446 6)

</doc>
<doc id="5892379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892379" title="Michael English (politician)">
Michael English (politician)

Michael English (born 24 December 1930) is a British Labour Party politician.
English was educated at King George V Grammar School, Southport and Liverpool University. He was a councillor on Rochdale Borough Council 1953-65.
English contested Shipley in 1959. He was Member of Parliament for Nottingham West from 1964 to 1983, when the seat was abolished by boundary changes. Following his retirement from Parliament, he served as a councillor in the London Borough of Lambeth. He was an opponent of Britain's membership of the EEC.
He is currently Chairman of the London Local Involvement Network.

</doc>
<doc id="5892383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892383" title="Mike Hazelwood">
Mike Hazelwood

Mike Hazelwood is the name of

</doc>
<doc id="5892388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892388" title="Premio Lydia Tesio">
Premio Lydia Tesio

The Premio Lydia Tesio is a Group 1 flat horse race in Italy open to thoroughbred fillies and mares aged three years or older. It is run at Capannelle over a distance of 2,000 metres (about 1¼ miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in late October.
History.
The event is named in memory of Lydia Tesio, the wife of Federico Tesio. For a period it was restricted to fillies aged three or four. It was given Group 2 status in 1975.
The race was first promoted to Group 1 level in 1977, but it was relegated back to Group 2 in 1988. It was opened to five-year-old mares in 1990, and its upper age limit became unrestricted in 1992.
The Premio Lydia Tesio regained Group 1 status in 2004. Its recent sponsors have included Darley, Shadwell and Longines.
Records.
Most successful horse:
Leading jockey since 1968 (3 wins):
Leading trainer since 1968 (4 wins):
Leading owner since 1968 (3 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="5892397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892397" title="Kim Director">
Kim Director

Kim Director (born November 13, 1977) is an American actress best known for her roles as Kim Diamond in "" and Stevie in "Inside Man".
Career.
Director's first film role was in 1998's "He Got Game", directed by Spike Lee. This was followed by "Summer of Sam" in 1999 and "Bamboozled" in 2000, both films also directed by Lee. Kim's breakout performance came in the film "" as the hard-core Goth girl, Kim Diamond. Kim went on to act in the independent films "Unforeseen", "Tony 'n' Tina's Wedding", "Charlie's Party", "Live Free or Die", "Life is Short" and "A Crime" with Harvey Keitel. Kim reunited with Spike Lee for the film "She Hate Me" in 2004. Kim is best known for playing Stevie the bank robber in Spike Lee's biggest film, "Inside Man".
Kim Director has also appeared in guest roles on television shows "Sex and the City", "Law & Order", ', ', "Shark", "Life", "Cold Case", "Unforgettable", Orange is the New Black and had a recurring role as the Cavewoman on the series "Cavemen".
Kim Director is a trained stage actress, as well. Kim appeared in the Stephen Sondheim and George Furth musical "Company" at The Kennedy Center. She also appeared in the play "Guinea Pig Solo" by Brett C. Leonard at The Public Theater with LAByrinth Theater Company (Philip Seymour Hoffman and John Ortiz, artistic directors). She also worked at The Rattlestick Playwrights Theater in New York in the play "The Wood" written by Dan Klores and directed by David Bar Katz.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="5892405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892405" title="Ronnie Boykins">
Ronnie Boykins

Ronnie Boykins (December 17, 1935 – April 20, 1980) was a jazz bassist and is best known for his work with pianist/bandleader Sun Ra, although he had played with such disparate musicians as Muddy Waters, Johnny Griffin, and Jimmy Witherspoon prior to joining Sun Ra's Arkestra.
Biography.
He joined the Arkestra during the Chicago period, travelled with them to Canada and then to New York City. Boykins has been described as "the pivot around which much of Sun Ra's music revolved for 8 years". 
This is especially pronounced on the key recordings from 1965 (The Magic City, The Heliocentric Worlds of Sun Ra, Volume One and The Heliocentric Worlds of Sun Ra, Volume Two) where the intertwining lines of Boykins' bass and Ra's electronic keyboards provide the cohesion. He was a regular member of Sun Ra's band from 1958 until 1966, and occasionally thereafter up to 1974. 
Like his fellow Sun Ra bandmates, John Gilmore and Pat Patrick, Boykins attended Chicago's DuSable High School and studied under its famed music teacher "Captain" Walter Dyett. He also studied with Ernie Shepard, who would later work with Duke Ellington. 
Before joining Ra, Boykins had joined with a trombonist friend to open a private club—The House of Culture—with the intent of promoting black culture. 
Boykins' arco solo on Sun Ra's "Rocket No. 9 Take Off for Planet Venus" from 1960 may be the first recorded example of the bass being played in a horn-like manner within a relatively free context, predating similar work by Alan Silva and David Izenzon. Boykins worked with both free and straight-ahead musicians. 
In 1962, he recorded with the hard bop tenor saxophonist Bill Barron and, the next year, with pianist Elmo Hope. Boykins worked with tenor saxophonist Archie Shepp's New York Contemporary Five in 1964. Boykins left Ra in 1966, ostensibly to pursue more lucrative opportunities; Ra had a difficult time finding a replacement, at times settling for playing his own bass lines on keyboard. 
In the late '60s, he formed his own group, the Free Jazz Society, which included the pianist John Hicks. 
In the '70s, Boykins played with the Melodic Art-tet, a cooperative free jazz ensemble that also included drummer Roger Blank, saxophonist Charles Brackeen, and trumpeter Ahmed Abdullah. 
In 1975, the bassist led a session for ESP Disk that produced his self-titled LP, "The Will Come, Is Now." 
In 1979 he played with Steve Lacy and Dennis Charles on "New York Capers" and "Quirks". In the course of his career, Boykins also worked with Mary Lou Williams, Marion Brown, Sarah Vaughan, and Daoud Haroom, among others. 
He died of a heart attack in 1980 at the age of 45. 
His son, Ronnie Boykins Jr. is a Film Maker and Music Producer.
Discography.
As sideman.
For albums with Sun Ra see the Sun Ra discography

</doc>
<doc id="5892419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892419" title="Fathers &amp; Sons (film)">
Fathers &amp; Sons (film)

Fathers & Sons is a 1992 American crime drama film written and directed by Paul Mones and starring Jeff Goldblum, Rory Cochrane, Rosanna Arquette, Natasha Gregson Wagner and Famke Janssen. The film is about the connection between a father and son complicated by the foibles of a serial killer and the interactions of a psychic.
The film was entered into the 18th Moscow International Film Festival.
Plot.
A failed, recluse director, Max, moves from New York City to a small seaside town after his wife's death. He struggles with his parental role over his son. Eddie, meanwhile, is becoming increasingly involved in the not-so-underground culture of drugs, promiscuous sex, and gang violence that lies there.
The chasm between them seems to be growing despite Max's best efforts. Max jogs in the mornings and routinely passes a psychic. She spontaenously predicts that one night a serial killer will attack Eddie on the beach.
Eddie is sampling various drugs with his friend, Smiley, and having unprotected sex. He ignores the advice of his father as a rule and seems beyond hope of redemption in the eyes of mainstream society. He shows potential for betterment when he prevents the murder of a rival gang member. Max saves Eddie from the serial killer.

</doc>
<doc id="5892429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892429" title="Kol Ha'ir">
Kol Ha'ir

"Kol Ha'ir" (, lit "The Whole City", also a homophone for "Voice of the City") is a weekly local newspaper published in Jerusalem, Israel. It is part of the Schocken Group publishing network.

</doc>
<doc id="5892433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892433" title="Alec Jones">
Alec Jones

(Trevor) Alec Jones (12 August 1924 – 20 March 1983) was a British Labour Party politician.
Jones was Member of Parliament for Rhondda West from the Rhondda West by-election, 1967 until the constituency was abolished in 1974, and for Rhondda from 1974 until he died in office shortly before the 1983 general election at the age of 58. He was a junior minister for Social Security from 1974 to 1975 and for Wales from 1975 to 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="5892434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892434" title="Berkeley Building">
Berkeley Building

The Berkeley Building (also known as the Old John Hancock Building) is a 26-story, structure located at 200 Berkeley Street, Boston, Massachusetts, USA. It is the second of the three John Hancock buildings built in Boston; it was succeeded by the John Hancock Tower. The building is known for the weather beacon at its summit, which broadcasts light patterns as weather forecasts. The Berkeley Building is the 18th-tallest building in the city.
History.
The building, located in Boston's Back Bay, was designed by Cram and Ferguson and completed in 1947. From 1947 until 1964 it was the second-tallest building in the city, one foot (30 cm) shorter than the Custom House Tower, but a much larger building and a conspicuous landmark. The Prudential Tower, completed in 1964, dwarfed both. , 17 buildings are taller, yet it remains a handsome and easily recognized Boston landmark, familiar to commuters crossing the Charles River. A drawing of this building served as a logo for the John Hancock Insurance company for many years.
In March 2003, the John Hancock Insurance company sold the Berkeley Building, along with the Stephen L. Brown building and the John Hancock Tower, to Beacon Capital. In December 2006, the Berkeley and Brown buildings were reacquired by John Hancock.
It is also the home of the Back Bay Events Center: this two-part structure is the John Hancock Hall proper and the Dorothy Quincy Suite (a single room, capacity of approximately 900.) The Hall also contains a full box office and an 1100 seat auditorium. This is the annual site of the Massachusetts High School Drama Guild One-Act Festival's State Finals.
Weather beacon.
It is topped by a weather beacon with red and blue lights, which use a code to present the local weather forecast, using a popular rhyme as a mnemonic:
During baseball season, flashing red means the Boston Red Sox game has been called off on account of weather.
The beacon was first lit on March 15, 1950 and was controlled using forecasts from a meteorological agency located on the 26th floor. It was kept lit until 1973 when it was shut off to set an example during an energy crisis which also temporarily shut off the famed Citgo sign in Kenmore Square. The beacon was re-lit in 1983 and has continued to display the weather forecast ever since.
In October 2004, the beacon flashed red and blue to commemorate the World Series victory of the Boston Red Sox. This was the first time the color scheme changed since the beacon was lit in 1950. A new line was added to the poem accordingly:
The beacon again flashed red and blue when the Red Sox won the 2007 World Series, as well as when they won the 2013 World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="5892435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892435" title="Subsidies in India">
Subsidies in India

The Indian government has, since independence, subsidised many industries and products, from petrol to food. Loss-making state-owned enterprises are assisted by the government and farmers are given access to free electricity. Overall, a 2005 article by "International Herald Tribune" stated that subsidies amounted to 14% of GDP. As much as 39% of subsidised kerosene is stolen.
On the other hand, India spends relatively little on education, health, or infrastructure. Urgently needed infrastructure investment has been much lower than in China. According to the UNESCO, India has the lowest public expenditure on higher education per student in the world.
India's subsidies have been criticised by the World Bank as allegedly increasing economic inefficiency.
However, this argument against subsidies in India does not consider that just agricultural and fisheries subsidies form over 40% of the EU budget (see Agricultural subsidy) although in Europe only a fraction of the people compared to India will be affected. This is also true of United States and most other Western countries.
Introduction.
A subsidy, often viewed as the converse of a tax, is an instrument of fiscal policy. Derived from the Latin word 'subsidium', a subsidy literally implies coming to assistance from behind. However, their beneficial potential is at its best when they are transparent, well targeted, and suitably designed for practical implementation.
Like indirect taxes, they can alter relative prices and budget constraints and thereby affect decisions concerning production, consumption and allocation of resources. Subsidies in areas such as education, health and environment at times merit justification on grounds that their benefits are spread well beyond the immediate recipients, and are shared by the population at large, present and future. For many other subsidies, however the case is not so clear-cut. Arising due to extensive governmental participation in a variety of economic activities, there are many subsidies that shelter inefficiencies or are of doubtful distributional credentials. Subsidies that are ineffective or distortionary need to be weaned out, for an undiscerning, uncontrolled and opaque growth of subsidies can be deleterious for a country's public finances.
In India, as also elsewhere, subsidies now account for a significant part of government's expenditures although, like that of an iceberg, only their tip may be visible. These implicit subsidies not only cause a considerable draft on the already strained fiscal resources, but may also fail on the anvil of equity and efficiency as has already been pointed out above.
In the context of their economic effects, subsidies have been subjected to an intense debate in India in recent years. Issues like the distortionary effects of agricultural subsidies on the cropping pattern, their impact on inter-regional disparities in development, the sub-optimal use of scarce inputs like water and power induced by subsidies, and whether subsidies lead to systemic inefficiencies have been examined at length. Inadequate targeting of subsidies has especially been picked up for discussion.
This paper based on the study conducted by Srivastava, Sen et al. under the aegis of National Institute of Public Finance and Policy, and the discussion paper brought out by Department of Economic Affairs( Ministry of Finance) in 1997, aims to provide a comprehensive estimate of budget-based subsidies in India. In addition, recent trends have been included from the Economic Survey for the year 2004-05. Attention is focused on bringing out the magnitude of the implicit subsidies, in addition to the explicit ones, to form an idea as to how heavy a draft do they constitute on the fiscal resources of the economy.
Social security subsidies.
The following table shows financial size of the social security subsidies in India funded by the Union government of India. The table does not cover other programs operated by various State governments, see Public welfare in India. The social security benefits / subsidies offered by various state governments is estimated to be above Rs. 600 billion (US$10 billion). Thus total subsidies become Rs. 3,600 billion (US$60 billion).
Subsidy: Meaning and economic rationale.
Objectives.
Subsidies, by means of creating a wedge between consumer prices and producer costs, lead to changes in demand/ supply decisions. Subsidies are often aimed at :
Transfers and Subsidies.
Transfers which are straight income supplements need to be distinguished from subsidies. An unconditional transfer to an individual would augment his income and would be distributed over the entire range of his expenditures. A subsidy however refers to a specific good, the relative price of which has been lowered because of the subsidy with a view to changing the consumption/ allocation decisions in favour of the subsidised goods. Even when subsidy is hundred percent, i.e. the good is supplied free of cost, it should be distinguished from an income-transfer (of an equivalent amount) which need not be spent exclusively on the subsidised good.
Transfers may be preferred to subsidies on the ground that i) any given expenditure of State funds will increase welfare more if it is given as an income-transfer rather than via subsidising the price of some commodities, and ii) transfer payments can be better targeted at a specific income groups as compared to free or subsidised goods.
Mode of administering a subsidy.
The various alternative modes of administering a subsidy are:
Subsidy targeting.
Subsidies can be distributed among individuals according to a set of selected criteria, e.g. 1) merit, 2) income-level, 3)social group etc. two types of errors arise if proper targeting is not done, i.e. exclusion errors and inclusion errors. In the former case, some of those who deserve to receive a subsidy are excluded, and in the latter case, some of those who do not deserve to receive subsidy get included in the subsidy programme.
Effects of subsidies.
Economic effects of subsidies can be broadly grouped into
Subsidies may also lead to perverse or unintended economic effects. They would result in inefficient resource allocation if imposed on a competitive market or where market imperfections do not justify a subsidy, by diverting economic resources away from areas where their marginal productivity would be higher. Generalised subsidies waste resources; further, they may have perverse distributional effects endowing greater benefits on the better off people. For example, a price control may lead to lower production and shortages and thus generate black markets resulting in profits to operators in such markets and economic rents to privileged people who have access to the distribution of the good concerned at the controlled price.
Subsidies have a tendency to self-perpetuate. They create vested interests and acquire political hues. In addition, it is difficult to control the incidence of a subsidy since their effects are transmitted through the mechanism of the market, which often has imperfections other than those addressed by the subsidy.
On 29 June 2012, C Rangarajan, Chairman of the Prime Minister's Advisory Council in view of present difficult economic position, advocated cutting down of fuel and fertiliser subsidies to keep the fiscal deficit within the budgetted level of 5.1 per cent.
Subsidy issues in India.
Subsidies have proliferated in India for several reasons. In particular this proliferation can be traced to 1)the expanse of governmental activities 2) relatively weak determination of governments to recover costs from the respective users of the subsidies, even when this may be desirable on economic grounds, and 3) generally low efficiency levels of governmental activities.
In the context of their economic effects, subsidies have been subjected to an intense debate in India in recent years. Some of the major issues that have emerged in the literature are indicated below:
Sustainability Issues.
An example of potential environmental or sustainability issues arising from the current subsidy structure can be seen interrelated problems of water and energy consumption in the agricultural sector.
During the Green Revolution in the 1960s and 70s, India's agricultural productivity grew greatly, in part due to a dramatic increase in agricultural irrigation, particularly from groundwater sources.
While that increase in irrigation has helped the nation feed itself, it has also created a groundwater crisis, the dimensions of which have become increasingly clear in recent years. Groundwater tables are falling in many areas of the country, from around 20 cm per year in Punjab to 3 to 5 metres per year in parts of Gujarat. The medium to long-term risks to agriculture in such a scenario range from an eventual decline in water resources, to the intrusion of salt-water in coastal areas.
As groundwater tables drop, the pumping of groundwater from deeper and deeper wells requires an ever-increasing amount of electricity. Because electricity for agriculture is subsidised, there is little incentive for farmers to adopt water-saving techniques, creating a vicious circle of water and energy consumption.
Recently, the government of Gujarat has engaged in a pilot program to experiment with ways to shift incentives for farmers toward more water- and energy-efficient technologies and practices.
In Karnataka, three projects are implemented in BESCOM and HESCOM areas (under AgDSM program = Agricultural Demand Side Management), with an objective to promote use of energy efficient pump sets in the irrigation.
Methodology for estimation of subsidies in India.
Alternative approaches and conventions have evolved regarding measurement of the magnitude of subsidies. Two major conventions relate to measurement through (i) budgets, and (ii) National Accounts. The latter estimates comprise explicit subsidies, and certain direct payments to producers in the private or public sectors (including compensation for operating losses for public undertakings) that are treated as subsidies. This, however, does not encompass all the implicit subsidies.
The estimates of budgetary subsidies are computed as the excess of the costs of providing a service over the recoveries from that service. The costs have been taken as the sum of:
Mathematically, the subsidy (S) in a service is obtained by:
S = RX + (d + i) K + i ( Z + L ) - ( RR + I + D )
Where:<br>
RX = revenue expenditure on the service<br>
L = sum of loans advanced for the service at the beginning of the period<br>
K = sum of capital expenditure on the service excluding equity investment at the beginning of the period.<br>
Z = sum of equity and loans advanced to public enterprises classified within the service category at the beginning of the period.<br>
RR = revenue receipts from the service<br>
I + D = interest, dividend and other revenue receipts from public enterprises falling within the service category.<br>
d = depreciation rate<br>
i = interest rate
Services provided by the govt are grouped under the broad categories of general, social and economic services.
General services consist of i) organs of state ii) fiscal services iii) administrative services iv) defence services, and v) miscellaneous services. These services can be taken as public goods because they satisfy, in general, the criteria of non-rival consumption and non-excludability. The entitlement to these services is common to all citizens. Since they are to be treated as public goods, they are assumed to be financed through taxes.
Important service categories in social services are i) education consisting of general education, technical education, sports and youth services, and art and culture, ii) health and family welfare, iii) water supply, sanitation, housing and urban development, iv)information and broadcasting, v) labour and employment and vi) social welfare and nutrition.
Under the heading of economics services, the following are included i) agriculture and allied activities, ii) rural development, iii) special area programmes, iv)irrigation and flood control, v)energy, vi)industry and minerals, vii) transport, viii) communications, ix) science technology and environment and x)general economic services.
In the estimation of subsidies these governmental services are divided into three groups:
Group1: all general services, secretariat expenses in social and economics services, and expenditure on natural calamities are included in this subgroup. Being public goods, these are financed out of taxation and are therefore not included in the estimation of subsidies.
Group 2: it consists of services with strong externalities associated with them. In the case of these services, it is arguable that even though the exclusion may be possible, these ought to be treated as merit goods or near-public goods. The provision of subsidies is most justified in this case. Near zero recovery rates in these cases only indicate the societal judgement that these may be financed out of tax-revenues.
Merit social services: elementary education, public health, sewerage and sanitation, information and publicity, welfare of SC, ST's and OBC's, labour, social welfare and nutrition etc.
Merit economic services: soil and water conservation, environmental forestry and wildlife, agricultural research and education, flood control and drainage, roads and bridges, space research, oceanographic research, other scientific research, ecology and environment and meteorology.
Group 3: all the remaining services are clubbed under this head. In these cases consumption is rival and exclusion is possible, therefore cost-recovery is possible through user charges. These services are regarded as non-merit services in the estimation of subsidies.
The distinction between merit and non merit services is based on the perceived strong externalities associated with the merit services. However, it does not imply that the subsidisation in their case needs to be hundred percent. In addition, even if small recoveries are advocated for merit services, the issues relating to the costs of their provision, leakages to non-target beneficiaries, and their effectiveness in attaining the objectives for which they are provided, need to be examined. It also does not mean that there are no externalities associated with non-merit services, or that the subsidies associated with them should be completely eliminated.
Central government subsidies.
Trends in the subsidies given by Central Government ( Year 1994-95).
Each cognate group has some enterprises that receive a subsidy and some surplus units. However, there are four groups where no unit is able to show a surplus viz: coal and lignite, power, agro-based goods and tourist services.
Explicit subsidies of the Centre.
The most important explicit subsidies administered through the Central Government budget are food and fertiliser subsidies, and until recently, export subsidies. These subsidies account for about 30% of the total central subsidies in a year and have grown at a rate of approx 10% per annum over the period 1971-72 to 1996-97.
The relative importance of different explicit subsidies has changed over the years. E.g., food subsidies accounted for about 70% of total Central explicit subsidies in 1974-75. Since then, its relative share fell steadily reaching its lowest of 20.15% in 1990-91. Thence onwards, it has risen steadily reaching a figure of 40% in 1995-96.Export subsidies have been on the decline except for the spurt in the late 1980s, whereas the relative share of the food subsidies has been rising although in a cyclical pattern.
As a proportion of GDP, explicit Central govt subsidies were just about 0.305 in 1971-72. they continued to increase steadily reaching a peak of 2.38% in 1989-90. after this during the reform years, the explicit subsidies as a proportion of GDP have continued to decline.
Public Policy.
In the last quarter of 20th century, Indian governments began procuring condoms on large scale to facilitate national population control schemes by reselling them at subsidised prices.
Recent trends.
Expenditure on major subsidies has increased in nominal terms from Rs. 95.81 billion in 1990-91 to Rs. 40, 4.16 billion in 2002-03. It was budgeted to increase by 20.3 percent to Rs. 48, 6.36 billion in 2003-04. Expenditure on major subsidies as per cent
of revenue expenditure after declining from 13.0 per cent in 1990-91 to 8.7 per cent in1995-96 started rising to reach a level of 9.6 per cent in 1998-99. In 2002-03, expenditure on major subsidises increased to 11.9 per cent from 10.0 per cent in 2001-02. With the dismantling of the administered price mechanism for petroleum products from 1 April 2002, subsidies in respect of LPG and kerosene distributed through the Public Distribution System are now explicitly reflected in the budget. This partially explains the spurt of 35.3 per cent in the expenditure on major subsidies in 2002-03. The spurt in major subsidies in 2002-03 was also because of an increase in food subsidy by Rs. 66.77 billion necessitated by the widespread drought in the country. Some of the major initiatives taken so far to rationalise the budgetary subsidies include targeted approach to food subsidy (BPL families) under Public Distribution System, allowing Food Corporation of India (FCI) to access market loans carrying lower interest rates, encouraging private trade in food grains, liquidating excess food grain stocks, replacing unit based retention price scheme with a group based scheme in the case of fertiliser subsidies and proposed phasing out of subsidies on PDS kerosene and LPG. (Economic Survey for the year 2004-05
Subsidies of state governments.
Subsidies given by 15 non-special category States were estimated for 1993-94, the latest year for which reasonably detailed data were available for all these States. The trends thrown up by the study are: 
Centre and states: aggregate budget-based subsidies.
Total non-merit subsidy for the Central and State governments taken together amount to Rs. 1021452.4 million in 1994-95, which is 10.71% of GDP at market prices. The share of Central government in this is 35.37%, i.e. roughly half of corresponding State government subsidies. The recovery-rate for the Centre, in the case of non-merit subsidies, is 12.13%, which is somewhat higher than the corresponding figure of 9.28% for the States. The difference in recovery rates is striking for non-merit social services, being 18.14% for the centre and 3.97% for the States. It is only marginally different for non-merit economic services (11.65% for Centre and 12.87% for States) where, in fact, States do better.
The total non-merit subsidies for the year 1994-95 amounted to 10.71% of GDP at market prices, resulting in a combined fiscal deficit of 7.3% for the Centre, States and Union Territories. Therefore, if these subsidies were phased out, the same would have a discernible impact on the fiscal deficit. It can be done by increasing the relevant user charges, which would also lead to a reduction in their demand. Apart from these first round effects, there would also be positive secondary effects on fiscal deficit, as the overall efficiency in the economy rises with an improved utilisation of scarce resources like water, power and petroleum. With an increase in efficiency, the consequent expansion of tax-bases and rise in tax-revenues would further reduce the fiscal deficit.
Benefits of subsidies.
The relative distribution of the benefits of a subsidy may be studied with respect to different classes or groups of beneficiaries such as consumers and producers, as also between different classes of consumers and producers. 
Agenda for reform.
The study brings to the fore the massive magnitude of subsidies in the provision of economic and social services by the government. Even if merit subsidies are set aside, the remaining subsidies alone amount to 10.7% of GDP, comprising 3.8% and 6.9% of GDP, pertaining to Centre and State subsidies respectively. The average all-India recovery rate for these non-merit goods/services is just 10.3%, implying a subsidy rate of almost 90%.
The macroeconomic costs of unjustified subsidies are mirrored in persistent large fiscal deficits and consequently higher interest rates. In addition, unduly high levels of subsidisation reflected in corresponding low user charges produce serious micro-economic distortions as well. Its prime manifestations include excessive demand for subsidised services, distortions in relative prices and misallocation of resources. These are discernible in the case of certain input based subsidies. These problems are further compounded where the subsidy regime is plagued by leakages which ensure neither equity nor efficiency.
The agenda for reform should therefore focus on:

</doc>
<doc id="5892436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892436" title="Sandnes Ulf">
Sandnes Ulf

Sandnes Ulf is a Norwegian association football club from Sandnes, Rogaland, currently playing in Tippeligaen, the highest division in the Norwegian football league system. The club play their home matches at Sandnes stadium in Sandnes idrettspark, but are working on plans for a new modern football stadium. The club was founded on June 1, 1911 as SK Ulf, and today has over 80 registered teams, making it the largest football club in Rogaland.
Sandnes Ulf play in light blue jerseys, white shorts and light blue socks. Sandnes Ulf is an open member association and the annual general meeting is the highest policy-making body. The meeting approves the accounts and elects the chairman and board. Stig Ravndal is the current chairman, elected in 2012. Daily operations are run by a managing director who liaises with the chairman.
The main rivals of the club are Viking FK and Bryne FK. Sandnes Ulf's official fan club is known as Gaukereiret ("The Cuckoo's Nest"), reflecting on the nickname for people from Sandnes; Sandnes-cuckoos. As of 2014 Sandnes Ulf is playing their third consecutive season in Tippeligaen.
History.
The sport of football came directly to Sandnes from its home country, England, when two British brothers Arnold and Hubert Thomas moved to the town in 1907. It didn't take long before Sandnes' first football club was established, Sandnes Fodboldforening, but the club was dissolved a few years later when the two brothers moved back to England. The interest and love for football, however, had found its place in Sandnes, and in the summer of 1911 the new football club, Sportsklubben Ulf, was founded.
Nils Voss, a 1912 Olympic gold-medal winner in gymnastics, became the club's first President. In its inaugural year the club had a turnover of 88 crowns and 84 ears (approximately $14US). In 1916 the club's board decided to introduce a new uniform, choosing the light blue jersey and white shorts we see today.
In 1919 the club was promoted to class A in Landsdelsserien, which at the time was the highest level. In June 1927 the club opened Sandnes stadion, the arena where the club still plays today.
The 1930s was a successful decade for the club with top-3 positions six years in a row, and qualifying for the newly established top division Norgesserien in 1937. The club played at this level until 1940 when the season was cancelled due to World War II. When the league started again in 1947 the club failed to qualify.
SK Ulf had spells on the second highest level during the 1950s, 60s and 70s, but have mostly been playing at level three or four in the 80s and 90s.
In 1997 the 11 football clubs of Sandnes founded Sandnes FK in an attempt to form a potential top club. The project however only succeeded partly, with a couple of seasons in Second Division. In 2003 Sandnes FK was on the verge of bankruptcy when they won their Third Division group, whereas Ulf-Sandnes was relegated to Fourth Division. This increased the keenness of both parts to cooperate, and during the winter of 2003/04 Sandnes FK incorporated into Ulf, with Ulf thus changing its name to Sandnes Ulf.
With Asle Andersen arriving at the club in 2006 as a player-manager he revitalised and professionalised the club and immediately brought on-field success. In 2007, Sandnes Ulf won promotion to Adeccoligaen (2008 Norwegian First Division), the second highest division in the Norwegian football league system. They won their Second Division group three points ahead of Stavanger IF. This sparked renewed interest in the club, with increased press coverage and attendances at Sandnes stadion.
Prior to the 2008 season, the signings of Paul Oyuga and Artur Kotenko brought even more experience from professional football to the club. They were relegated back to Second Division in 2008, but recovered and returned to the First Division for the 2010 season.
The club finished the 2010 Norwegian First Division Season at a relegation spot once again. However, Follo FK, a team which had managed to avoid relegation, was forced to withdraw from the league because of financial difficulties, and Sandnes Ulf kept its place in the division for the 2011 Norwegian First Division Season.
The 2011 season turned out to be very successful for the club: On October 23, 2011, one hundred years after its formation and one year after it was supposed to be relegated from the Norwegian First Division, Sandnes Ulf gained promotion to the Norwegian Premier League. Until that date, Sandnes had been the only city amongst the 10 largest cities in Norway which had not had a team in the top flight after World War Two.
Recent history.
"("Ulf-Sandnes" until, and including, 2003)"
Current squad.
"As of 18 September 2013"
"For season transfers, see transfers winter 2012–13 and transfers summer 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="5892438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892438" title="Priory Estate">
Priory Estate

The Priory Estate is a housing estate in Dudley, West Midlands, England, which has largely been developed since 1929.
History.
The Priory Estate is so named because it is located near the Priory ruins and Priory Park. It stands on land which once straddled the border of Dudley County Borough and Sedgley Urban District, which were in the counties of Worcestershire and Staffordshire respectively.
The borders were moved back several hundred yards in 1926 when Dudley Council purchased the land with a view to building council houses to rehouse more than 2,000 families from town centre slums. Several hundred council houses had already been built in Dudley since 1920, mostly in the Kates Hill area and on small developments around Netherton, but the Priory Estate was to be the largest council housing development yet in the area as the town's slum problem was still far from being solved.
The boundary changes also meant that Dudley Castle was finally transferred to the borough of Dudley after centuries in Sedgley.
The foundation stone of the very first house, 9 Oak Road, was laid on 16 July 1929. 
The first houses were occupied in 1930 and by the end of the decade more than 2,000 houses had been built on the estate. There were also private houses for owner-occupiers built mostly on the south side of the estate near Priory Park, around Priory Road, Hazel Road, Woodland Avenue, Chesnut Avenue, Somery Road, Forest Road, Paganel Drive and Gervase Drive.
Four public houses served the estate: the Wren's Nest in Priory Road (built in the mid-1930s), the King Arthur on the corner of Birmingham New Road and Priory Road, the Washington in Wrens Nest Road (built around the same time as the Wren's Nest), and the Caves in Wrens Hill Road (built in the 1950s).
Priory Park was laid out in 1932, with iron railing around the perimeter, (these were removed during the war for the metal to be used in the war effort.) the same year that Priory Road was fully opened to give Dudley a direct road link with the Birmingham New Road in Coseley - incorporating the Priory Ruins as well as Priory Hall (former home of Sir Gilbert Claughton). Priory Hall is currently in use as Dudley Registry Office, and has been based there since the office's relocation from a building in Ednam Road in about 1990.
Most of the people living in the council houses on the Priory Estate were rehoused from town centre slum clearances. They were generally pleased with living in new houses which had gardens. Hot & cold running tap water, bathrooms next to the kitchen] A solid fuel fed boiler for doing the washing of clothes etc. in the kitchen and a larder with a concrete block shelf. Gas lighting was converted to electric about the early 1950s, Plumbing|outdoor toilets refurbished in the 60s to indoor with upstairs bathrooms and toilet.and gardens.
But the Priory Estate quickly ran into problems, with vandalism, litter, graffiti, vehicle crime, burglary and drug dealing becoming widespread, particularly on the north side of the estate, by the 1980s. The homes of elderly people were targeted most frequently; in 1991, a plank of wood was hurled through the window of a room in which a 90-year-old woman was sleeping.
The most famous former resident of the Priory Estate is Duncan Edwards, who was born two miles away at Holly Hall but moved to 31 Elm Road as a small child and went on to play 18 times for England as well as winning two Football League championships with Manchester United before he died in 1958 at the age of 21 from injuries sustained in the Munich air disaster. As a child, he had attended Priory Primary School and then Wolverhampton Street School. After his death, a stained glass window was dedicated to Edwards at St Francis parish church at the junction of Laurel Road and Poplar Crescent. The church was founded during 1931 and originally based at Priory Hall before the church building on the newly developed housing estate was opened on 10 May 1932.
The estate was served by a secondary school from 1965, when Mons Hill School opened on Wrens Hill Road (running between the Priory and the neighbouring Wren's Nest Estate) to replace Wolverhampton Street School. This school closed in 1990 due to falling pupil numbers, with the remaining pupils split between Castle High and The Coseley School. The Mons Hill buildings then became part of Dudley College.
North Priory redevelopment.
On 2 March 2006 a consultation firm employed by Dudley Metropolitan Borough Council recommended the demolition of between 40 and 100 per cent of 260 homes on the northern part of the estate. The consultation firm had studied four scenarios. The first had been refurbishment of all the existing properties, many of which were currently in disrepair as well as being unsuitable for elderly and disabled occupants. But this scenario would not alter the estate's "isolated" position, highlighted by just two out of the six road links to the estate being accessible for vehicles. Nor would it make any difference to the narrow roads in the estate, one of which is now one-way. The second option had been 20% redevelopment along Pine Road, which would include refurbishment of the remaining properties but no major alterations to the road layout. The third option had been 40% redevelopment, which would have seen the demolition of all homes in Pine Road and Berry Road, as well as some in Thornhill Road. The fourth and final option was total redevelopment.
The planned demolition was deemed necessary as most of the houses in this area were in a poor state of repair, with low demand for properties, a high demand for moves away from the area, and the environment has been plagued by vandalism, arson attacks, litter, graffiti and urban decay. The report also criticised the "isolated" layout of the estate, which was accessible from six points but only two of those points are accessible by motor vehicles. Most of the roads on the estate are relatively narrow (including one which is one-way) compared to roads on other parts of the Priory, which was less of a problem when the area was first developed – as virtually none of the local residents owned a car when the estate was built during the 1930s. The rising level of car ownership in recent years had led to many local residents parking their cars on pavements and even gardens, mainly due to the narrow streets.
The council voted for a total redevelopment of the estate on 4 December 2006, and rehousing of tenants began in early 2007, with a view to completing the rehousing within 18 months and demolition work starting before the end of 2008. Empty properties on the estate were regularly targeted by vandals and arsonists, as were a number of vehicles parked in the area.
However, six families remained on the estate by January 2009 and the last tenant did not leave until May 2009, a month after demolition work started. The final buildings were demolished in October 2009 and work began on building new homes began in the autumn of 2010, with the first residents moving onto the new development during 2011. By the end of 2013, most of the planned new properties on the site had been built or were under construction.
Crime.
In October 2003, arsonists set fire to a pigeon loft in the garden of a house in Linwood Road and killed nine pigeons. On another part of the estate, anti-social behaviour was creating so much trouble that one family gave an interview to the "Express and Star" regional newspaper openly criticising the local council for failing to respond to their demands for a transfer.
In March 2004, Dudley Registry Office (located in Priory Park) was set alight by arsonists. It took 100 firefighters a whole night to defeat the blaze.
Also in March 2004, a 90-year-old widow on the Estate criticised a judge for failing to hand out a prison sentence to the heroin addict and career criminal who broke into her house and stole £80 from her purse.
In April 2006, an arson attack caused severe damage to the Duncan Edwards public house in Priory Road. The pub had been refurbished just five years earlier and renamed in honour of Duncan Edwards, but had been closed a short time earlier in spite of its popularity in the local community. The building has since been demolished and plans have already been unveiled for the site to be developed for housing and retail, but construction work has yet to start.
The rehousing of North Priory residents in preparation for demolition resulted in empty properties being scoured by scrap metal dealers in the hope of finding items of value, despite council workers having already stripped these properties of tanks and copper piping. Most of the empty properties were vandalised in some way, while several were damaged in arson attacks.
The BNP Era.
On 1 May 2003, the British National Party gained a councillor in Castle and Priory (which includes the Priory Estate) in the council elections. The area had previously been controlled by three Labour Party councillors, and the successful BNP councillor representing Castle and Priory was Simon Darby.
Mr Darby had gained 26.2% of the vote in Castle and Priory a year earlier, and in 2003 he gained a huge 45% of the vote. It was surprising that a BNP councillor had gained a seat in Castle and Priory, especially as the area is 97% white and the BNP are often popular among white people living in areas with high numbers of ethnic residents.
In 2003, Castle and Priory was the most deprived ward in the whole Dudley borough, and among the 7% most deprived wards in England. A number of asylum seekers had been housed on the Priory Estate, much to the dismay of many white British neighbours.
At the time, just 23 patriations of asylum seekers were living on and around the Priory Estate, but they were already attracting resentment from British neighbours because Dudley MBC had been providing furnishings, televisions and refrigerators for free to all asylum seekers living in the borough, and this was making them appear wealthier than British people.
Many local people also saw the BNP as the answer to the Priory Estate's many problems that were nothing to do with asylum seekers nor any other ethnic minorities. House repairs weren't being carried out efficiently, the local youth centre was rarely open and the estate office had closed - leaving many people (mostly pensioners) without cars to walk a long distance to pay their rent. There was also anger that the European Union had spent millions of pounds on upgrading the neighbouring Wren's Nest Estate (which traditionally had an even worse reputation than the Priory).
However, Simon Darby was not popular with voters once they had elected him. He lost his council seat the following year, and once again Castle and Priory is a Labour stronghold.

</doc>
<doc id="5892450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892450" title="Mike Hazlewood">
Mike Hazlewood

Michael Edward "Mike" Hazlewood (1941 — 6 May 2001) was an English singer, composer and songwriter. He variously worked with Albert Hammond, T-Bone Burnett, Van Dyke Parks and Harry Nilsson.
Biography.
Educated at Hazelwick School, in Crawley, West Sussex, Hazlewood began his career as a DJ at the radio station Radio Luxembourg in the early 1960s. In 1966 he founded the group The Family Dogg, together with Albert Hammond and Steve Rowland. In addition, he often wrote songs in collaboration with Hammond such as "Little Arrows" for Leapy Lee, "Gimme Dat Ding" for The Pipkins, and "The Air That I Breathe" for Phil Everly of The Everly Brothers, for his 1973 solo album "Star Spangled Springer". The latter song was recorded by and a hit for The Hollies.
Hazlewood's collaboration with Hammond resulted in co-composed songs for the latter such as "It Never Rains in Southern California" and "The Free Electric Band".
Hazlewood and Hammond also wrote the international hit song "Make Me An Island" for the Irish singer Joe Dolan in 1969, as well as his follow-up singles, "Teresa" and "You're Such a Good Looking Woman". The latter became a signature hit for Dolan, topping the Irish charts twice, in 1970 and 1997 when he re-recorded it with Dustin the Turkey. Hazlewood also wrote the song "Southern Lady", which was recorded by Rita Coolidge.
During the late 1980s, Hazlewood held the theatrical rights to Mervyn Peake's novel "Mr. Pye", and completed a musical theatre version of the book in collaboration with Howard Lee Sloan, the American-born pianist and composer. 
Hazlewood and Hammond are also credited as co-writers of the 1992 Radiohead song, "Creep". Due to similarities to "The Air That I Breathe", Radiohead was successfully sued for plagiarism. "Creep" used a chord progression taken from "The Air That I Breathe" in its verse, and a melody from the latter in the bridge following the second chorus. 
On 6 May 2001, Hazlewood died from a heart attack, during his holiday in Florence, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5892465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892465" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Canada">
List of law enforcement agencies in Canada

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in Canada.
Alberta.
Peace officers

</doc>
<doc id="5892467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892467" title="Anthony Royle, Baron Fanshawe of Richmond">
Anthony Royle, Baron Fanshawe of Richmond

Anthony Henry Fanshawe Royle, Baron Fanshawe of Richmond Order of St Michael and St George (27 March 1927 – 28 December 2001) was a British Conservative Party politician and businessman.
A son of Sir Lancelot Royle, he was educated at Harrow and RMA Sandhurst. He joined the Life Guards and subsequently the SAS. He contracted polio on his way to Malaya and was invalided back to UK and spent a year in an iron lung.
In the 1950s, Royle became President of the Western Area Young Conservatives. Living in London, he became an insurance broker and unsuccessfully contested St Pancras North in the 1955 general election. As the Conservative candidate in the Torrington by-election, 1958, he failed to hold the usually safe seat.
At the 1959 general election, Royle was finally elected to the House of Commons, as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Richmond, Surrey. He held the seat until he retired at the 1983 general election.
He was a junior minister for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs from 1970 to 1974. He was knighted - Order of St Michael and St George in 1974. He was invited to become Vice Chairman of the Conservative Party by Margaret Thatcher to reform the way the party recruited candidates. He was also responsible for the party's International office. He was elevated to the House of Lords in 1983 as Baron Fanshawe of Richmond, of South Cerney in the County of Gloucestershire.
He was Chairman of the Sedgwick Group PLC from 1993 to 1999.
He married the actress Shirley Worthington in 1957 and had two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="5892474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892474" title="Khrushchyovka">
Khrushchyovka

Khrushchyovka (, IPA: [xruɕːofkɚ]) is a type of low-cost, concrete-paneled or brick three- to five-storied apartment building which was developed in the USSR during the early 1960s, during the time its namesake Nikita Khrushchev directed the Soviet government.
History.
Traditional masonry is labor-intensive; individual projects were slow and not scalable to the needs of overcrowded cities. To ameliorate a severe housing shortage, during 1947-1951 Soviet architects evaluated various technologies attempting to reduce costs and completion time. During January 1950 an architects' convention, supervised by Khrushchev (then the party director of Moscow), declared low-cost, quick technologies the objective of Soviet architects. 
Two concrete plants were later established in Moscow (Presnensky, 1953; Khoroshevsky, 1954). By this time, competing experimental designs were tested by real-life construction, and prefabricated concrete panels were considered superior. Other possibilities, like in situ concrete, or encouraging individual low-rise construction, were discarded.
During 1954-1961, engineer Vitaly Lagutenko, chief planner of Moscow since 1956, designed and tested the mass-scale, industrialized construction process, relying on concrete panel plants and a quick assembly schedule. During 1961, Lagutenko’s institute released the K-7 design of a prefabricated 5-story building that became typical of the Khrushchyovka. 64,000 units (3,000,000 m2) of this type were built in Moscow from 1961 to 1968. 
In Moscow, space limitations forced a switch to 9 or 12-story buildings; the last 5-story Khrushyovka was completed there during 1971. The rest of the USSR continued building Khrushyovkas until the end of communism; millions of such units are now past their design lifetime.
Design.
The Khrushchovka design was an early attempt at industrialised and prefabricated building, the elements (or panels) made at concrete plants and trucked to the site as needed. Elevators were considered too costly and time consuming to build, and according to Soviet health/safety standards, five stories was the maximum height of a building without an elevator. Thus, almost all Khrushyovkas have five stories. 
Khrushchyovkas featured combined bathrooms. They had been introduced with Ivan Zholtovsky's prize-winning "Bolshaya Kaluzhskaya" building, but Lagutenko continued the space-saving idea, replacing regular-sized bathtubs with 120 centimeter (4 foot) long "sitting baths". Сompleted bathrooms cubicles, assembled at a Khoroshevsky plant, were trucked to the site; construction crews would lower them in place and connect the piping. 
Some theorists even considered combining toilet bowl functions with the shower's sink, but the idea was discarded. Kitchens were also small, usually 6 square meters (65 ft2). This was also common for many non-elite class Stalinist houses, some of which had dedicated dining rooms.
Typical apartments of the K-7 series have a total area of 30 m2 (323 ft2) (1-room), 44 m2 (474 ft2) (2-room) and 60 m2 (646 ft2) (3-room). Later designs further reduced these meager areas. Rooms of K-7 are "isolated", in the sense that they all connect to a small entrance hall, not to each other. Later designs (П-35 et al.) disposed with this "redundancy": residents had to pass through the living room to reach the bedroom. These apartments were planned for small families, but in reality it was not unusual for three generations of people to live together in two-room apartments. . Some apartments had a "luxurious" storage room. In reality, it often served as another bedroom, without windows or ventilation.
This "cookie-cutter" architectural method is satirized by the 1975 Soviet comedy movie "Irony of Fate or Enjoy Your Bath" directed by Eldar Ryazanov, where a Moscow dweller was flown by mistake to Leningrad, the taxicab drove him to his home street address which happens to exist in Leningrad as well, and the house and the apartment, and even the key to the apartment are exactly the same as his own.
Present day.
These buildings are found in great numbers all over the former Soviet Union (and former communist states in Eastern Europe as well). They were originally considered to be temporary housing until the housing shortage could be alleviated by mature Communism, which would not have any shortages. Khrushchev predicted the achievement of Communism in 20 years (by the 1980s). Later, Leonid Brezhnev promised each family an apartment "with a separate room for each person plus one room extra", but many people continue to live in Khrushchyovkas today.
Khrushchyovka standard types are classified into "disposable", with a planned 25-year life (сносимые серии) and "permanent" (несносимые серии). This distinction is important in Moscow and other affluent cities, where disposable Khrushchyovkas are being demolished to make way for new, higher-density construction. 
The City of Moscow plans to complete this process by 2015. More than 1300 out of around 1700 buildings have been already demolished as of 2012. Less wealthy communities will rely on the aging Khrushchyovka stock indefinitely.

</doc>
<doc id="5892481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892481" title="Brent Eccles">
Brent Eccles

Brent Eccles was the drummer for The Angels, an Australian pub rock band and, in chronological order, he was also drummer in:The Breed, Vox Pop, Stuart & The Belmonts, Streetalk, Space Waltz, After Hours, and Citizen Band. 
Eccles left Citizen Band in 1981, after successfully auditioning for The Angels and remained there until they split up in 2000. During this time he also managed Johnny Diesel & The Injectors, The Poor and The Angels. He is the father of former Betchadupa drummer, and now Das Pop drummer Matt Eccles.
Today Brent lives in New Zealand and runs his own agency Brent Eccles Entertainment as well as representing Frontier Touring, A Day On The Green and Liberation Music. Along with Campbell Smith Brent also heads Civic Events who run the annual Acoustic Church Tour and the Winery Tour

</doc>
<doc id="5892489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892489" title="1928 International Columbia Graphophone Competition">
1928 International Columbia Graphophone Competition

The 1928 International Columbia Graphophone Competition was a competition part-sponsored by the Columbia Record Company in honour of the centenary of the death of Franz Schubert. Its original aim was to encourage composers to produce completions of Schubert's 'Unfinished' Symphony but the rules were modified several times to allow the submission of original symphonic works. Preliminary rounds were judged on a country or area basis, and the winning works at this level were then forwarded to the final judging for the world prize, which took place in Vienna. Notable composers who gained prizes in the country categories included Havergal Brian, Czesław Marek and Franz Schmidt, but the overall prize, after a wrangle among the judges, was awarded to the Swedish composer Kurt Atterberg for his Sixth Symphony.
Inception and changing rules.
Organized jointly by the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde in Vienna and the Columbia Graphophone Company of Britain and America, the competition was originally announced on 26 June 1927 as a contest for composers from around the world to complete Schubert's Symphony in B minor, D. 759 (the "Unfinished"). Between July 1927 and February 1928 the rules of entry were modified several times to allow the submission of original works rather than a completion of Schubert, and also to permit the use, if prospective completers wished, of Schubert's own sketches for the third movement of the "Unfinished". Those composers who wished to submit a completion of Schubert's work were to use an orchestra no larger than that already employed in the existing movements of the "Unfinished". As far as the submission of individual works was concerned, in October 1927 the organizers stipulated that these should be 'in two movements, composed in the Romantic spirit that animates Schubert's music'.
Only a few weeks later this formulation was changed to 'symphonic works in one or more movements, presented as an apotheosis of the lyrical genius of Schubert'; it was also suggested, though not stipulated, that there could be non-symphonic works, as long as these were sets of variations on Schubert themes, but all works had to be for orchestra. Later still, a further revision of the rules stated that 'the compositions, apart from faultless formal structure, must be marked by the predominance of a vigorous melodic content, and the number of instruments employed must not substantially exceed the measure established by the classical orchestras of Schubert's time'.
Submissions and Zone judging.
The contest was to be judged in two stages. "The World" (effectively Europe, the Americas, and the British Commonwealth) was divided into ten 'zones', each of which could award prizes for three works, the first prize being £150 sterling or $750, the second prize £50 or $250 and the third prize no money, but an 'honourable mention' ("hochste Anerkennung"). These 30 scores were then to be entered for the sole international first prize of £2,000 or $10,000, to be adjudicated in Vienna. The 'Zone' jurors, who judged the first stage, included such well-known personalities as Maurice Ravel, Thomas Beecham, Ottorino Respighi, and Karol Szymanowski.
As far as is known, despite the prestige of the competition, very few of the youngest generation of composers bothered to enter, especially those of a modernist persuasion. The terms of entry, and indeed the identity of many of the jurors, bespoke a highly conservative and traditionalist view of musical history. Nevertheless, several substantial figures of more senior generations participated in the competition, and not all their works were destined to be forgotten. At least 513 composers, and probably many more, submitted scores by the closing date. If the 30 or so winning entries in the first stage accurately reflect the proportion of original works to completions of Schubert, it would seem that about 20 per cent, i.e., something over 100 different "finishings" of the "Unfinished", were submitted. Among the remaining 80 per cent of entries - the original works - there was a tremendous diversity of approach and character, and many submitted scores that had only the most tenuous connexion with the ideals outlined in the conditions of entry.
Examples.
A full list of winners by zone is given by Paul Rapoport (see Sources, below). In the 'English' zone, for example, the first prize of £150 was divided between the composer-pianist Frank Merrick (who submitted a completion of the Schubert symphony) and John St. Anthony Johnson, for a symphonic movement called "Pax Vobiscum". The second prize went to the composer Havergal Brian for the orchestral movements from his "Gothic Symphony". (This symphony, which had evolved between 1919 and 1927, is famous for the gigantic orchestra and chorus employed in the choral finale that forms Part Two. It had clearly not been written as an entry for the competition, but as submitted by the composer, only the somewhat smaller manuscript for Part One, consisting of three more conventional orchestral movements, was deemed eligible to be adjudged as a stand-alone work.) In the Austrian section, the first prize was awarded to Franz Schmidt for his Third Symphony, the second to Hans Gál for his First Symphony and the third prize to a symphony by Moni Friedsohn. In the Scandinavian section, the first prize went to Kurt Atterberg of Sweden for his Sixth Symphony, the second to the Norwegian, Ludvig Irgens-Jensen, for his orchestral Passacaglia, and the third prize to a symphony by the Dane Jens Laursen Emborg.
Final Judging.
From 19–23 June 1928 the 30 winning scores from the ten national zones were evaluated in Vienna by the International jury. This body consisted of one delegate from each of the zones plus an eleventh juror appointed in Vienna. The chairman was Alexander Glazunov; he was assisted by such luminaries as Franco Alfano, Alfred Bruneau, Walter Damrosch, Carl Nielsen, Franz Schalk, Max von Schillings, and Donald Tovey. The Polish delegate was Emil Młynarski; the eleventh, Viennese, delegate was Guido Adler. Since the deliberations of the jury were never published, they have been the subject of much rumour. It was agreed that all the completions of Schubert's "Unfinished" should be ruled out and the judging devoted only to the original works. The sole international prize was awarded to the Sixth Symphony of Kurt Atterberg. This was also the only work to receive a recording, and it was eventually reviewed with a fair amount of derision by international critics as a particularly weak and derivative specimen of contemporary music. It is clear that Atterberg's symphony was in direct competition with two other scores, namely Franz Schmidt's Third Symphony and Czesław Marek's "Sinfonia", because both of these pieces - though they received no prize, no money and no recording - merited an 'honourable mention' in the final judgment. Other pieces may however have been involved in the final balance. Sources within the Columbia Graphophone company released unattributable stories to suggest that Havergal Brian's "Gothic" Symphony, which Donald Tovey as British delegate certainly considered a masterpiece, was also evaluated, as well as a set of symphonic variations entitled "Karma" by the American Charles Haubiel. This account would square with a report in the New York Times (29 November 1928) which suggested that the jury were divided on four scores which were considered outstanding but eventually rejected as ‘in a modernistic vein inappropriate to the occasion’, and that Atterberg's Symphony was awarded the prize as the best of the others, with (it seems) five jurors dissenting and the deadlock broken by the casting vote of Glazunov. Yet Atterberg's Symphony No. 6 - though hardly the equal of Marek's, or indeed Schmidt's or Brian's works as a feat of symphonic thinking - is by no means the mere pastiche that it was represented as in contemporary reviews; and one might have expected that its rather prominent vein of polytonality would have rendered it equally ‘inappropriate to the occasion’.

</doc>
<doc id="5892490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892490" title="Tayseer al-Mashhadani">
Tayseer al-Mashhadani

Tayseer Najeh Awad al-Mashhadani (died 18 August 2012) was an Iraqi politician. She was elected to the National Assembly of Iraq in December 2005 as part of the Sunni Arab-led Iraqi Accord Front. She was an engineer by profession and a member of the Iraqi Islamic Party.
On 1 July 2007 she was abducted with 8 of her bodyguards at a checkpoint in the neighbourhood of Shaab in Eastern Baghdad. Her party accused members of the Muqtada as-Sadr militia of being behind the abduction, and the Sadrist warlord Abu Dereh has also been accused. After being held for nearly two months, she was released on 26 August.
She was married to the politician Hisham al-Hayali, and they had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="5892491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892491" title="Loughor bridge">
Loughor bridge

The Loughor bridge is a road bridge crossing over the River Loughor, providing a convenient link between much of western Swansea and Llanelli, west Wales. The bridge is part of the A484 road. The road bridge is adjacent to the Loughor railway viaduct. A permanent bridge linking Loughor and Llanelli was first constructed in 1923. Evidence of the old bridge can still be seen from the right side of the new bridge crossing from loughor, a parapet jutting out into the river which is now a seating area and support foundations can also be seen in the river bed at low tides.
If travelling over the bridge east, you will enter the county of Swansea and South Wales when leaving the bridge. If travelling west, you will enter the county of Carmarthenshire and the West Wales area when leaving the bridge.
When leaving the bridge if heading west, the road signs change from English/Welsh to Welsh/English (Welsh written before English). This is due to the much higher use of the Welsh language in West Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="5892497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892497" title="Godman Irvine">
Godman Irvine

Sir Bryant Godman Irvine (25 July 1909 – 3 May 1992) was a Canadian-born British Conservative politician.
Irvine was born to William Henry and Ada Mary Irvine and raised in Toronto. He was educated at Upper Canada College in Toronto and then moved to Britain to attend St Paul's School and Magdalen College, Oxford, where he was secretary of the Oxford Union. He became a barrister, called to the bar by Inner Temple in 1932, and was a farmer. During World War II Irvine was a Lieutenant Commander in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve.
Irvine contested Wood Green in 1951. He was Member of Parliament for Rye from 1955 to 1983. He was secretary of the 1922 Committee 1965-66, and from 1976-82 he served as a Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons under George Thomas.
Irvine was married to Valborg Cecilie from 1945 until her death in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5892504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892504" title="Brian Robertson (trombonist)">
Brian Robertson (trombonist)

Brian Robertson (born October 19, 1979) is the trombone player for the Orange County-based third-wave ska band Suburban Legends and, along with Vincent Walker, is one of the two members to have played with the band since its origin as Bomb Squad. He met other ex-Suburban Legends / Bomb Squad members, trumpet player Aaron Bertram and best friend and trombone player Ryan Dallas Cook through the Huntington Beach High School Marching Band. In 2007, Robertson started to be known by the nickname 'Robot', most likely a reference to the dance moves he does onstage with the band, the first three letters of his last name, and/or to avoid confusion with the band's other Brian, Brian Klemm.

</doc>
<doc id="5892521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892521" title="Mevo Dotan">
Mevo Dotan

Mevo Dotan (; "lit." Dothan's approach) is a communal village and an Israeli settlement in the northern Samarian hills part of the West Bank south of the Dotan Valley within the municipal jurisdiction of the Shomron Regional Council. It is named for being on the way to the ancient town of Dothan (Gen 37:17)). The village, situated on road 585 east of Baqa al-Gharbiyye, lies adjacent to the Palestinian village of Yabad. The population of Mevo Dotan is 63 families.
Mevo Dotan was originally established in October 1977 by a group of religious Orthodox and non-religious Jewish Israelis who lived in tents adjacent to the police building of Sa-Nur. The group was relocated to its current permanent hilltop location in June 1981 with the aid of the Amana settlement organization. The local Arab residents had called that hilltop the 'Bald Mountain' (Jabl al-Akra) because of its barren state. One of the reasons for choosing this location was to settle state-owned lands in an area that had no Jewish population. Over the years, many of the religious families moved away.
In 2001, following the outbreak of the Second Intifada, and the degradation of the security level in the area, almost half the residents left the village. The heads of the village committee called for public assistance in repopulating the empty homes and in 2003, the 'Golan Yeshiva' decided to accept the challenge. Several families moved to the village, founded a kollel and rejuvenated the religious life in the village.
Alonei Arava Nature Reserve.
Two kilometers south of Mevo Dotan is the Alonei Arava Nature Reserve, named after the oak trees ("alonim") that grow in the area and the nearby Arab village of Arrabeh. East of the nature reserve is Jabal al-Aqra' (326 m), and the nature reserve overlaps the hill's northwest range.

</doc>
<doc id="5892528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892528" title="Beatrice di Tenda">
Beatrice di Tenda

Beatrice di Tenda is a tragic opera in two acts by Vincenzo Bellini, from a libretto by Felice Romani, after the play of the same name by Carlo Tedaldi-Fores. The opera is Bellini's penultimate opera, coming after "Norma" (1831) and before "I puritani" (1835).
Composition history.
The composer chose the subject in discussions with Giuditta Pasta after they had seen the ballet together in Milan, and against the better judgement of Romani and despite similarities with Donizetti's "Anna Bolena". Work was problematic, and the finale was not finished in time for the premiere, so Beatrice's final aria was borrowed from "Bianca e Fernando". (Bellini's sketches of a former duet between Beatrice and Agnese were realized by Vittorio Gui for a series of revivals from the late 1960s.) Romani's distaste for the subject, and his exasperation with Bellini, led him to insert an apology into the printed libretto; this led to a bitter row with the composer and a breakdown of their difficult, if glorious, working relationship.
The chorus plays an even more important part here than in Bellini's earlier operas, not only commenting on the action but advising and comforting the protagonists, in the true tradition of classical Greek drama.
Bellini felt he had counteracted the horror of the story with his beautiful music and that Beatrice "was not unworthy of her sisters". It was Pasta's fine performance in the title role that overcame the public's hostility to the piece, and it was the only one of Bellini's operas to be published in full score in his lifetime.
Performance history.
It received its first performance at the Teatro La Fenice in Venice on 16 March 1833 with Giuditta Pasta in the title role.
The opera was revived in 1961 by the American Opera Society with Joan Sutherland, Enzo Sordello, Marilyn Horne and Richard Cassilly under the baton of Nicola Rescigno, and in the same year at La Scala with Sutherland and Raina Kabaivanska and with Antonino Votto conducting. Since then the title role has been assumed by a number of other prominent sopranos including Leyla Gencer, Mirella Freni, June Anderson, Edita Gruberová and Mariella Devia.
Synopsis.
"This is the story of Beatrice Lascaris di Tenda, the woman who was the widow of the condottiere Facino Cane and later the wife of Duke Filippo Maria Visconti, in 15th century Milan. Filippo has grown tired of his wife Beatrice; she regrets her impetuous marriage to him after her first husband's death, a marriage that has delivered her and her people into the Duke's tyrannical power."
Act 1.
Filippo attends a ball at the Castle Binasco in Italy, shadowed as usual by the sinister Rizzardo. He is fed up with everyone paying obeisance to his wife. His sycophantic courtiers tell him how much they sympathize, and suggest that Beatrice's servants are all plotting against him.
Beautiful harp music is heard. Agnese, the current object of Filippo's lust, sings from afar that life is empty without love. Filippo echoes her thoughts and states how much he loves her; she has no equal. His courtiers again sympathize with him and encourage him to seize the moment. Agnese disappears and all leave. Then Agnese reappears, this time singing for Orombello. Mysteriously, she wishes that her heart will guide him to her arms and, as in all good opera plots, the object of her lust makes his entrance. Orombello splutters that he does not know where he is or why he is there. Comforted by Agnese, he begins to relax and agrees that he is deeply in love and, when asked about a letter, shows her the one he is carrying. "Such misfortune!" The letter he is referring to is one of many he has written to Beatrice and not the one that Agnese had sent to him. Agnese's world falls apart, her tenderness turns to vitriol, and the two of them spit out a dramatic aria and leave.
Beatrice enters one of her secret places with her ladies. She is happy, but soon loses her poise and laments how misguided she has been to have married the evil Duke Filippo. As they all go to leave, Filippo sees them in the distance and, believing she is avoiding him, demands that she be brought back. The two of them accuse and rage at each other, with Filippo producing some secret papers stolen from Beatrice's apartment.
In another scene, slightly the worse for wear, Filippo's soldiers discuss his silence and temper. Beatrice enters carrying a portrait of her beloved, deceased husband, Facino. She is bemoaning the fact that everyone has abandoned her when Orombello enters protesting that he has not. Excitedly, he tells her his plans to rally the troops and help her free herself. She crushes him saying, in so many words, that she does not rate his expertise in security matters. Stunned, Orombello protests his love and, even when begged to do so, will not leave her presence; instead, he kneels down in front of her, at which moment Agnese and Filippo enter and accuse the two traitors of having an affair. Everyone now joins in with accusation, counter accusation, attack and defence. The upshot is that Filippo has the pair arrested — to be tried in Court for adultery.
Act 2.
The courtiers learn of the terrible torture that has been applied to Orombello. Then, the Court is summoned and Filippo sets out the case for the prosecution. Beatrice is dragged in, and she protests that the Court has no jurisdiction. Next, Orombello is hauled in and, after desperately seeking forgiveness from Beatrice, proclaims her innocence. Beatrice regains her will to live and something in her speaking touches Filippo's heart. He announces that the sentence should be delayed. The Court overrules him stating that more torture should be applied until the truth is spoken. Again, Filippo changes his mind and, supporting the Court's decision, instructs that, indeed, more torture seems to be necessary to extract the truth. The Court rises.
Filippo and Agnese, full of remorse, are left alone and Agnese, realizing that things have gone much further than she had expected, begs Filippo to drop all the charges; but Filippo, not wishing to look weak, dismisses the idea.
Filippo now goes through several stages of torment and is obviously still deeply in love with Beatrice. Just as he has made up his mind to drop all the charges, with cruel timing, men still loyal to the late condottiere Facino arrive, to invade the castle. As a result, Filippo signs the death warrant now handed to him by Anichino* and tries to justify his actions to the crowd, blaming Beatrice's behaviour.
There is a scene in which we see Beatrice's ladies outside Orombello's cell, while Beatrice prays. The action reaches its finale.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5892545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892545" title="Alexandra Park School">
Alexandra Park School

Alexandra Park School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the Muswell Hill area of the London Borough of Haringey, England. 
The school provides education for students aged 11–18. Since opening in 1999, the school has continued to grow and develop; gaining specialist schools status in 2005. Its headteacher is Michael McKenzie.
The school was opened to year 7 pupils on 9 September 1999. For the first year, the school co-existed with the closing College of North East London and students occupied just one floor of the old block (built in the 1960s). The extension in 2006 won a commendation at the Civic Trust Awards.
The expansion of Alexandra Park School has added a number of key elements: a main teaching block for art and design technology, with general teaching spaces and a sixth form suite overlooking a courtyard; a science centre with four laboratories; and a performance arts department, with a drama studio and music practice rooms. The scheme was designed and built to a fast timetable, and incorporated a number of "green" technologies.
The school draws its students from a wide geographical area that includes the relatively prosperous wards in the borough as well as some of the most deprived wards in the country: over 40% of the total intake comes from the latter area. The percentage of students speaking a language other than English is well above average, as is the proportion entitled to a free school meal and the proportion of students who have a learning difficulty or disability. The school is involved in the National College for School Leadership, provides extended service and holds the following awards: Investors in People, Sports Mark and Healthy Schools.
Alexandra Park School offers students opportunities children may not get elsewhere; there are many exchange student programs running including France, Spain and South Africa. Due to their specialist school status, Alexandra Park can offer students an Astronomy GCSE. This started in 2009 offered to year nine students.
Location.
Although the school is named after Alexandra Park, it is located c. away from it, at the edge of Muswell Hill Golf Course. With a main entrance on Durnsford Park and another entrance on Rhodes Avenue, within Muswell Hill.
ICT.
Alexandra Park School is now part of the ICT Register, a database which captures ICT and eLearning expertise in schools and learning centres across the world. It is, however, not listed on the London schools page of the ICT Register. It hopes this will contribute to driving up standards of teaching and learning in ICT and encourage students to become independent learners.
In October, the school launched the revolutionary iLearning concept for ICT across the curriculum. The 5 i philosophy embraces national initiatives and local-school terminology in order to allow students to become independent learners through the use of ICT throughout the curriculum.
Ofsted inspections.
Following the school’s first Ofsted inspection in November 2002 the school was judged “A very good school which enables all its pupils to do well. Standards are much higher than might be expected of pupils with similar backgrounds and prior attainment. This is due to good teaching, excellent leadership and management, high expectations of work and behaviour and a real commitment to ensuring that every single pupil benefits from what is provided and is encouraged to give their best.” Ofsted commented that “the quality of teaching is a significant strength of the school”.
In the school's second Ofsted inspection in May 2007 the school was judged "A good school with some outstanding features. Although the school is relatively new, its standing in the community and beyond is well established because of the outstanding leadership of the Headteacher." The report highlights the outstanding features with Ofsted commenting "Care, guidance and support are good and the pastoral provision is outstanding, which contributes effectively to pupils' personal development. Vulnerable students and those with learning difficulties and disabilities are mostly exceptionally well supported. "
Following the previous reports there has been a new one. Alexandra Park School was rated 'outstanding' after its inspection on 15–16 November 2011. The school received 1s (outstanding) on most areas. Alexandra Park School got three 2s (good) these subjects were: The extent to which pupils adopt a healthy life style, Pupils behaviour and Pupils attendance. The overall comment was 'Alexandra Park School is an outstanding school. It is a reflective and self-critical organisation which lives its aim to "put learning first" through its every action. Students are highly motivated learners who make rapid progress through outstanding teaching, an excellent curriculum and exemplary care and support.'
Its also a National Teaching School, a status which is given to less than 2% of schools in England. Under this scheme they collaborate with a range of providers including the Institute of Education, Middlesex University and Goldsmiths to work with training teachers and local schools to enhance teaching knowledge and build local connections through education.
References.
3. Goose, M., Robinson, H., MacGillivray, L., O'Neill. (2014). Life and Times of Jay Cockrell. "Portland Green 2013-14" 22-34
4. Ross, J., Goose, M. (2014). Awesome Awesome bible. "Hellooooo Portland Green" 1-4

</doc>
<doc id="5892557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892557" title="Begaljica">
Begaljica

Begaljica () is a rural settlement in the Grocka municipality of eastern Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is one of 15 settlements of Grocka, situated in its centre, with a population of 8,233 according to the 2011 preliminary census. The village is located at the water source of the Begaljica river, a tributary of the Danube, thus in the southern half of Podunavlje, as well as in the fertile Šumadija region of central Serbia.
Begaljica was first mentioned in 1528, seven years after the Ottoman conquest of Serbia, as having 5 families, and the Rajinovac monastery on the hill above the village. As the region was located on the Ottoman-Habsburg war frontier, villages were constantly destroyed and deserted. In fact, the village of Begaljica (literally "fleeing town") derived its name from these events. In 1804, a notable "knez" from the village, Stevan Andrejević Palalija, was executed alongside some 70 nobles by the janissaries. This event sparked the First Serbian Uprising. In 1902, an anthropogeographical study registered some 200 houses and 17 clans as living in Begaljica. The village is based on agriculture, namely fruits and viticulture, with 38,6% of the population being agrarian in 1991.
Etymology.
The name Begaljica is derived from the Serbian word "begal" (begalj), meaning "fleeing". According to locals, it is derived from the fact that the Ottomans constantly attacked and seized the village, forcing the population to flee. When the Ottomans left, villagers would return. This is how the village received its name. In Turkish sources Begaljica was known as "Begaljevo", and the current form of the name may be a crossing with the name "Bugarica", which the village also was known as in Ottoman times. Under Austrian administration (1718–1739) it was known as "Bigaliza".
Geography.
Begaljica is located in the central part of Grocka, in the geographical regions of Podunavlje (Danube river basin), and Šumadija (central Serbia). It lies 107–270 m above sea level, on the water source sides of the Begaljica river, a right tributary of the Danube. Begaljica lies on both sides of the asphalt road towards Grocka, some 5 km southwest from the seat at Grocka. The cadastral area ("atar") includes 3.171 hectares. Begaljica connects four physionomic "regions" – Nenadović, Brđani, Velemir and Manastir, and Cigan-mala.
The Begaljica Hill (Begaljičko brdo) is located west of Begaljica, with one of the steepest sections of the Belgrade-Niš highway.
1903.
The village is located at the water source of the Begaljica river. The houses are located in the valley sides and flat areas nearer the river, while a large part is located on the hill as well. The highest elevations are at Gornji Kraj and Brđani. The "atar" (cadastral area) is large, while half of it is located in Šumadija, south of the Belgrade boundaries. The village is of the scattered type (sela razbijenog tipa), divided into the following parts: Gornji Kraj, Brđani, Topciski Kraj, Tašinski Kraj, Prnjavor, Nestorovića, Radosavljevića, and Palalića Kraj. The central part is not divided into parts. Prnjavor (also known as Šatorište) is located by the Rajinovica Monastery. There is a total of 200 houses, and they are located equally distanced from each other in all parts.
In the locality of Karaula, there is a "selište" (deserted village). The locals said that Begaljica was once deserted, and empty for 70 years. Later, when the village was re-populated, the settlement (seat) was firstly in Milošev Potok (located in the north of the village), and then it was moved to Karaula (towards the Vrčin village), and from there in times of fleeing, the population then moved to the present settlement seat, while Karaula remained a "selište".
History.
Prehistory and Roman era.
The Vinča-Belo Brdo archaeological site is located nearby in Vinča, and dates to 5700 BCE; the Starčevo culture and Vinča culture covered most of the Balkans. Archaeological findings dating to the Bronze Age and Roman period has been found in the cadastral area. A complex of Roman sites in and around Grocka have been identified with "AD SEXTUM MILIAREM". A 3rd century AD marble statue from the Severan era was discovered in Begaljica (see Belgrade City Museum link). Other findings include Roman silver coins of Trajan and Philip the Arab.
Modern history.
After the fall of Belgrade on August 28, 1521, the Ottoman Empire under Sultan Suleiman occupied Belgrade and its surroundings. Central Serbia was incorporated into the Sanjak of Smederevo, then part of the Budin Eyalet. Begaljica (as Begaljevo) is first mentioned in an Ottoman defter dating to 1528, which registered a village with 5 households (families) and the Monastery of St. Rajko (Rajinovac) on the hill above the village. The 1530 defter registered 14 households. The 1536 defter registered 17 households, and apart from Rajinovac also the Monastery of St. Todor. The 1560 defter registered Rajinovac and a Monastery of St. Peter. Nothing is known about the monastery in the vicinity of Begaljica. Belgrade and its surroundings were under constant threat due to the Ottoman–Habsburg wars.
In 1688, during the Great Turkish War, the Habsburg troops took control over most of present-day Serbia after numerous battles and successfully besieging Belgrade, with the massive help of Serbs, but when the King redirected all forces to the Nine Years' War, the Ottomans closed in and took the city in 1690, ending the Habsburg conquests. Fear of Ottoman retaliation started the Great Serb Migrations from south of the Danube deeper into Habsburg territory. In 1717 the Austrians took the city again, and Belgrade and its surroundings became the Kingdom of Serbia, 1718–1739, and the villages around Belgrade were deserted and therefore temporarely settled with families from Worms and Styria, including Begaljica, which under Austrian administration was called "Bigaliza". In 1732, Begaljica was part of the Orthodox parish of Rajinovac, and had 20 houses. Archimandrite Spiridon Vitković is mentioned as the prior of Rakovica and Rajinovac monasteries, possibly due to Rajinovac being deserted at the time, so it was put in joint administration. Serbian volunteers in the Austrian army liberated central Serbia in 1788, and the second Kingdom of Serbia was established. By 1791 however the Austrians were forced into withdrawal across the Danube and Sava rivers, joined by thousands of Serbian families who feared Ottoman revenge for supporting the Habsburgs.
During the First Serbian Uprising, Begaljica was part of the Grocka nahija which was headed by "oborknez" Stevan Andrejić Palalija, murdered in the Slaughter of the Dukes (1804). Oborknez Palalija was buried in Rajinovac. The village is mentioned in collected Serbian epic poetry about the Serb Uprising against the janissaries (see The Revolt of the Serbs Against the Turks 1804–1913, p. 48). The Serbian Revolution led to unrest in all of Serbia due to Ottoman retaliation, including Grocka region which halted its development, and only after the Second Serbian Uprising (1815) and stability of the political situation in Serbia, Grocka region started to intensively develop. In "haraç" (tax) texts, Begaljica had 51 houses in 1818, and 52 houses in 1822. Joakim Vujić crossed by the village in 1827, and registered the three villages (parishes) of Rajinovac: Begaljica, Kamendol and Umčari as having 89 houses and 1212 people.
In 1845, the village community wanted to move the school from the Rajinovica Monastery to the village itself, and in 1846 there was a school in the village. In 1846, it is mentioned as "a village in the Belgrade surroundings, in the Podunavlje srez", with 81 houses and 544 people. The school was located in a little house from 1871 to 1904, then a new school was built (mentioned in 1921).
On August 22, 2010, Patriarch Irinej of Serbia served in Rajinovac for the feast day of Saint Matthias the Apostle and Saint Anthony the Martyr.
Economy.
Begaljica is classified as a rural settlement (village) based on agriculture, namely fruits and viticulture, with 38,6% of the population being agrarian (1991). Industrialism was not widely caught up in Ritopek, Slanci, Višnjica, Vinča, Veliko Selo, Zaklopača, and Begaljica, as these were intensively working with silviculture of fruits and vegetables (1962). Begaljica is mostly known for its strawberries,
The Industrial Machinery "Elkom primat" is located in the village.
Anthropology.
1903.
Families with unknown origin, viewed of as natives:
Families with known origin (the rest):
Demographics.
According to 2011 preliminary census, Begaljica had 8470 registered persons, with a population of 8233 (165 were abroad), and a total number of households of 2874 (4774 dwellings total).

</doc>
<doc id="5892561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892561" title="California Southern Railroad">
California Southern Railroad

The California Southern Railroad was a subsidiary railroad of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (Santa Fe) in Southern California. It was organized July 10, 1880, and chartered on October 23, 1880, to build a rail connection between what has become the city of Barstow and San Diego, California.
Construction began in National City, just south of San Diego, in 1881, and proceeded northward to the present day city of Oceanside. From there, the line turned to the northeast through Temecula Canyon, then on to the present cities of Lake Elsinore, Perris and Riverside before a connection to the Southern Pacific Railroad (SP) in Colton. Following a frog war where the SP refused to let the California Southern cross its tracks, a dispute that was resolved by court order in favor of the California Southern, construction continued northward through Cajon Pass to the present day cities of Victorville and Barstow. The line, completed on November 9, 1885, formed the western end of Santa Fe's transcontinental railroad connection to Chicago. Portions of the original line are still in use today as some of the busiest rail freight and passenger routes in the United States.
History.
The California Southern was organized on July 10, 1880, as a means to connect San Diego to a connection with the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad at an as-yet undetermined point. Among the organizers were Frank Kimball, a prominent landowner and rancher from San Diego who also represented the Chamber of Commerce and the Board of City Trustees of San Diego, Kidder, Peabody & Co., one of the main financial investment companies involved in the Santa Fe, B.P. Cheney, L.G. Pratt, George B. Wilbur and Thomas Nickerson who was president of the Santa Fe. The organizers set a deadline of January 1, 1884, to complete the connection, a deadline that was later adjusted due to problems in the construction of the Atlantic and Pacific that forced it to stop at Needles, California.
The California Southern built its track northward from a point in National City, south of San Diego. The route, portions of which are still in use, connected the present day cities of National City, San Diego, Fallbrook, Temecula, Lake Elsinore, Perris, Riverside, San Bernardino, Colton, Cajon (not to be confused with El Cajon), Victorville and Barstow.
In Barstow, then known as Waterman, the California Southern would connect to another Santa Fe subsidiary, the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad. The Atlantic and Pacific was chartered in 1866 to build a railroad connection westward from Springfield, Missouri, connecting Albuquerque, New Mexico, then along the 35th parallel to the Colorado River. From there, the railroad was to continue to the Pacific Ocean following whatever proved to be the best route. The route was scheduled to be completed by July 4, 1878. However, the Southern Pacific was able to get a clause favorable to their own interests inserted into the charter:
Southern Pacific had already established a connection to Mojave, so their crews built eastward from there through Barstow (then called Waterman) to Needles, California, completing the connection across the Colorado River on August 3, 1883. The California segment was leased to the Santa Fe in August 1884, and fully acquired by the Santa Fe under foreclosure in 1897.
San Diego.
The California Southern began construction in National City on land originally acquired by Frank Kimball. The railroad's main yards and locomotive maintenance shops were located here, and until the connection was made with Barstow, all tools and equipment ordered by the railroad arrived here by ship around Cape Horn from points in the eastern United States, while the wooden ties arrived by ship from Oregon. Surveys and construction between National City and San Diego were well underway by March 1881. The railroad reached Fallbrook and opened between there and San Diego in January 1882.
In 1881 and 1882, the California Southern received ten locomotive shipments by sea at National City. The last three of these, delivered in November 1882 aboard the ship "Anna Camp", have been identified as the last three locomotives ever delivered to the United States Pacific coast after traveling around Cape Horn.
Temecula Canyon.
In order to connect to the Atlantic and Pacific line in the quickest way possible, surveyors and engineers for the California Southern pushed the route through Fallbrook and Temecula, bypassing what was at the time the pueblo of Los Angeles. What the railroad didn't understand was the nature of Southern California's dry washes. The local inhabitants told the railroad of the dangers of building through such an area, that it could become a raging torrent of water, but the railroad built through the canyon anyway.
Despite the warnings, track work through the canyon proceeded at a quick pace. The line was completed to Fallbrook on January 2, 1882, then to Temecula on March 27, 1882.
Many parts of the canyon had suffered storms. In February 1884 a storm hit. The train was delayed and the canyon walls brought boulders crashing down on the rails. On February 3, the train was unable to get through. A few days later, the wires were down. The train from Colton to San Diego was unable to get through. Disaster had been averted because young Charlie Howell hurried up the tracks from his family homestead near Willow Glen and somehow managed to stop the train. A series of devastating washouts on the section through Temecula Canyon occurred amid heavy rain storms that flooded the area starting on February 16, 1884, just six months after the first trains operated the entire route between San Diego and San Bernardino. The storms brought more than of rain in a four-week period. Two thirds of the mainline through the canyon were washed out with ties seen floating as far as away in the ocean. Temporary track repairs were made after the first storms, but later in the month, additional rains and flooding washed out the entire route through the canyon. Repairs were estimated at nearly $320,000, a figure that could not be recouped effectively.
The canyon was finally bypassed completely with the completion of the Surf Line on August 12, 1888, and the line through the canyon was relegated to branch line status.
The crossing at Colton.
Construction of the California Southern was repeatedly interrupted by Santa Fe's rival, Southern Pacific Railroad (SP). In one instance, the California Southern was set to build a level junction across the SP tracks in Colton, a move that would end Southern Pacific's monopoly in Southern California.
The Colton Crossing was the site of one of the more notable frog wars in American railroad history. In the summer of 1882, tensions reached their boiling point when construction of tracks for the California Southern reached Colton, California. In an attempt to forcibly prevent the California Southern Railroad crews from completing construction, the Southern Pacific (SP) parked and then slowly moved a locomotive and gondola along the SP track at the location of the planned crossing. In addition, the SP hired armed men, including the famous Virgil Earp, to guard the tracks. Before the violence could get out of hand, Governor Robert Waterman ordered San Bernardino County Sheriff J.B. Burkhart to enforce the state court order. Waterman personally ordered Earp and the crowd to comply with the court order. Earp backed down and told the SP engineer to move the locomotive. The crossing was built, ending the Southern Pacific's monopoly in Southern California.
Cajon Pass.
The first structure that the California Southern used as a depot in San Bernardino was a converted boxcar. Building north from San Bernardino, the California Southern was able to piggyback on the survey work done by the Los Angeles and Independence Railroad up to a point near Cajon.
The original grade of the line up the pass rose at a 2.2% slope between San Bernardino and Cajon, where the grade steepened to 3% until reaching the summit further. The route over Cajon Pass was completed with a "last spike" on November 9, 1885, and the first train to use the pass carried a load of rails southward from Barstow on November 12 to be installed near Riverside. The first through train from Chicago via Santa Fe lines arrived in San Diego on November 17, 1885.
Construction of the original route through Cajon Pass was overseen by Victor, who by this time had become General Manager of the California Southern. He operated the first train through the pass in 1885, proclaiming "No other railroad will ever have the nerve to build through these mountains. All who follow will prefer to rent trackage from us." Victor's assertion remained true for a while as the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad (which later became part of Union Pacific Railroad) signed an agreement to operate over the California Southern track via trackage rights on April 26, 1905, but Victor was proven wrong eighty years later when SP built the Palmdale Cutoff in 1967 at a slightly higher elevation through the pass. In honor of his work through the pass, the city of Victorville was named after Victor.
Consolidation.
To reach Los Angeles, the Santa Fe leased trackage rights over the Southern Pacific from San Bernardino on November 29, 1885, at $1,200 per mile per year. Naturally, the Santa Fe sought ways to reduce the fees. On November 20, 1886, the Santa Fe incorporated the San Bernardino and Los Angeles Railway to build a rail connection between its namesake cities. California Southern track crews performed the construction work, and the first train on the new line arrived in Los Angeles on May 31, 1887. During the construction, Santa Fe officials worked to consolidate the many subsidiary railroads in Southern California in order to reduce costs. At a stockholder meeting on April 23, the eight railroads and their prominent stockholders, minus the California Southern, voted in favor of consolidation, and the California Central Railway was formed as a result on May 20, 1887. After the consolidation, although the California Southern remained a separate subsidiary, the National City shops were downgraded and the services provided there were moved to the newly constructed shops in San Bernardino. One of the first official lists of stations on the California Southern and California Central railroads published on July 13, 1887, shows the California Southern divided operationally into two divisions: the San Diego division covered the territory between National City and Colton; from there, the San Bernardino Division covered the route through Cajon Pass to Barstow.
The Santa Fe underwent a massive financial overhaul in 1889. The major investors in Boston, Massachusetts, were mostly replaced by investors from New York and London at the annual meeting on May 9. The investors replaced the company's board of directors with a new board that included George C. Magoun (who would later be linked with the company's 1893 receivership). The new investors disliked the number of subsidiary companies and sought to further consolidate them. The California Southern, California Central and Redondo Beach Railway companies were consolidated into the Southern California Railway on November 7, 1889. The California Central had consolidated with the Los Angeles and San Gabriel Valley Railroad in 1887, giving it ROW thru the San Gabriel Valley. The Santa Fe finally purchased outright the holdings of the Southern California railroad on January 17, 1906, ending the railway's subsidiary status and making it fully a part of the Santa Fe railroad.
Company officers.
Presidents of the California Southern Railroad were:
Visible remnants.
Much of the right-of-way graded and used by the California Southern is still in use. Several structures built for or by the railroad, or in some cases their remains, can still be seen. Some of the buildings that remain are still in use in their primary purposes.
The two ends of the former railroad are still in use as of 2013. The section between Barstow and Riverside through Cajon Pass, which includes the disputed crossing in Colton, remains one of the busiest rail freight corridors in the United States, seeing trains of BNSF Railway and Union Pacific Railroad as well as Amtrak's daily "Southwest Chief" passenger train. At Cajon the concrete pads that served as the foundations for the railroad's station facilities and water tanks there remain long after the buildings atop them were removed. The Santa Fe realigned the track at several places during the 20th century to straighten curves along Cajon Creek (between Cajon and San Bernardino), lower grades for eastbound trains with the 1913 addition of a separate track through what has come to be known as Sullivan's Curve, and to reduce some curvature and lower the pass's summit elevation by 50 ft (15 m).
The maintenance shops in San Bernardino are still in use by BNSF Railway, although not to the extent that they were used in the 20th century. The San Bernardino station that was opened by the California Southern was destroyed by fire on November 16, 1916. It was replaced in 1918 by the Santa Fe with the current structure that now serves Metrolink's San Bernardino Line commuter trains on runs that terminate at Los Angeles Union Station. Limited service from San Bernardino to Riverside is provided by some San Bernardino Line trains, and the Metrolink Riverside Line terminates at the Riverside station although it reaches the station via a more southerly route. South of Riverside the track is still in place to Perris, where the Orange Empire Railway Museum has a connection to the mainline.
At the southern end the section between San Diego and Oceanside also sees heavy use by Amtrak California's "Pacific Surfliner" trains as well as those of the San Diego Coaster. As part of the Santa Fe's rail network, it was part of what has come to be known as the Surf Line; as of January 2006, this line is the second busiest passenger rail line in the United States.
Although San Diego's Union Station replaced the railroad's original station there in 1915, the California Southern's station and office building in National City has been preserved and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Other railroads named California Southern.
California Southern Railroad (1914-1942).
The California Southern Railroad was established in 1914 to build a rail link from Rice to Blythe. Construction was finished in 1916, and the line extended to Ripley at 1920. It soon became a subsidiary of Santa Fe, and was sold to the railroad at the end of 1942. The line is currently abandoned by the Arizona and California Railroad on all but the first 4 miles.

</doc>
<doc id="5892577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892577" title="Saint Petersburg State University of Information Technologies, Mechanics and Optics">
Saint Petersburg State University of Information Technologies, Mechanics and Optics

Saint Petersburg National Research University of Information Technologies, Mechanics and Optics, abbreviated as SPbNRU ITMO () is a leading Russian technical university located in St. Petersburg, Russia. It trains specialists in cutting-edge technologies directed to science and technical development.
St. Petersburg National Research University of Information Technologies, Mechanics and Optics was founded in 1930, though its history started in 1900 when special school for masters of precision instruments and optics was opened. The university's formation was brought about by the growing needs of the country for qualified specialists in instrument-making. Today, the University has more than 10,000 students, 30 academic departments and about 1000 teaching staff. The main university building is Kronverksiy Prospect, 49. Since 2009, the university has held the title of National Research University.
Structure.
The university is divided into 9 faculties, which are divided into 49 departments. 7 departments are affiliate departments and are marked by asterisk.

</doc>
<doc id="5892588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892588" title="Jean-Noël Tremblay">
Jean-Noël Tremblay

Jean-Noël Tremblay, (born June 7, 1926) is a former Canadian politician, who made career at both the federal and the provincial levels.
Background.
He was born on June 7, 1926 in Saint-André-du-Lac-Saint-Jean, Quebec.
Member of Parliament.
Tremblay was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1958 election representing the Quebec riding of Roberval and was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party. He lost re-election in 1962, when for the first time the Social Credit Party made a significant breakthrough in Quebec.
Provincial Politics.
He won a seat to the National Assembly of Quebec, representing Chicoutimi, in 1966 and was a member of the Union Nationale. From 1966 to 1970, Tremblay was the Minister of Cultural Affairs in the cabinets of Daniel Johnson, Sr and Jean-Jacques Bertrand. He was known in this period as a vocal Quebec nationalist.
Tremblay supported Jean-Guy Cardinal over Jean-Jacques Bertrand during the party's leadership convention, held on June 21, 1969. 
He was re-elected to the legislature in 1970, but was defeated in 1973.
Honors.
In 1990, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5892589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892589" title="Leslie Spriggs">
Leslie Spriggs

Leslie Spriggs (22 April 1910 – 22 May 1990) was a British Labour politician and trade unionist, MP for St Helens from 1958 until 1983.
Born in Bolton, Spriggs served in the Navy and then worked on the railways. It was whilst he was working for the railways that he became involved in socialism and the trade union movement. He joined the Labour Party in 1935, and the National Union of Railwaymen in 1937, becoming "president of the NUR North West district council political section, as well as vice president of the industrial section" during the early 1970s.
Until elected a Member of Parliament, Spriggs lived his adult life in Thornton, Lancashire and was a railways goods guard. In 1955 he unsuccessfully contested his local constituency, North Fylde, a Conservative safe seat. Three years later, he was chosen as the Labour candidate in the St Helens by-election following the resignation of Hartley Shawcross. He won the seat, which he would retain until its abolition in 1983, and moved to St. Helens. Following the seat's abolition he retired from politics, due to age and ill health, and moved back to Thornton. He had decided to retire in 1981, saying that being a MP was "a little too much when you've reached 72".
A career backbencher, Spriggs was rarely in the public eye, and "often said it did not necessarily follow that those MPs who were rarely in the headlines were not representing their constituency properly." He believed that "behind the scenes" activity often produced the best results. One example of this was the price agreement he secured with foreign glassmakers that saved "countless" jobs in his constituency. He supported proposals for a float glass plant at Pilkington's St Helens facility, which he claimed lost him votes in the October 1974 general election. Despite this claim, he only received one less vote than in the previous election.
Spriggs suffered with ill-health for much of his life He suffered rheumatoid arthritis, as well as having had several heart attacks. As early as 1970 rumours circulated that he was to stand down. A heart attack he suffered in 1974 became the subject of an anecdote by MP Joe Ashton, illustrating the sometimes extreme lengths party whips would go to in cases of Division:

</doc>
<doc id="5892596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892596" title="Equagesic">
Equagesic

Equagesic is a combination drug indicated for short-term pain treatment accompanied by tension or anxiety in patients with musculoskeletal disorders or tension headache.
Composition.
It combines 
Problems.
Equagesic was discontinued in the United States, possibly because of its toxic profile and more adequate drugs available. Specifically, meprobamate is more toxic than benzodiazepines, which are also useful as a muscle relaxant.
Martial artist Bruce Lee died of cerebral edema caused by an allergic reaction to Equagesic, according to the coroner examination. He died on 20 July 1973 in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="5892597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892597" title="Cuore">
Cuore

Cuore is an Italian-language term for "heart".
It (and CUORE) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5892604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892604" title="More of Old Golden Throat">
More of Old Golden Throat

More of Old Golden Throat is a compilation album and 32nd overall album released by Johnny Cash exclusively in the UK on CBS Records in 1969 (see 1969 in music). Culled from single sides that had not previously appeared on albums (with the exceptions of "Honky-Tonk Girl" and "Lorena"), it is primarily made up of lesser-known songs, although "You Beat All I Ever Saw" and "Second Honeymoon" reached No. 20 and No. 15 respectively on the Country charts. Tracks 4, 7, 10 and 13 are instrumentals originally credited to "The Tennessee Two and Friend." 
As with its predecessor, "Old Golden Throat", this album was only available in monaural since its source material was originally mixed for single release.
This album has not been released on cd.
Charts.
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5892610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892610" title="William Reeves">
William Reeves

William Reeves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5892613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892613" title="Anne Dorte Michelsen">
Anne Dorte Michelsen

Anne Dorte Michelsen (born 17 July 1958, Århus) is a Danish singer and composer. In Denmark she first became known as a member of the groups Tøsedrengene and Venter på Far. Outside Denmark her second solo record ("Næste Dans") sold well in Norway, Sweden and Japan. Her popularity in Japan was due to the song "Fortrolighed" which was a title song on a popular Japanese TV-show. The exotic Danish language and the longing melancholy mood apparently made a resonance with the Japanese audience.
As a leader, she released ten albums and published a book called "Næste Dans".

</doc>
<doc id="5892614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892614" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest on the Isle of Wight">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest on the Isle of Wight

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) on the Isle of Wight, England. The Isle of Wight is an island and county three miles off the south coast of England in the English Channel. Its geology is complex, with a chalk downland ridge running east to west through its centre and important fossil beds from the Lower Cretaceous to the Lower Tertiary around the coast. This geology gives rise to many distinct habitats, with strong maritime influences, including chalk grassland, neutral meadows, and broad-leaved woodland. The Isle of Wight has a population of 140,000, making it one of the country's smaller counties in terms of population.
In England, the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006, when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency, and the Rural Development Service. , there are 41 sites designated in this Area of Search; of these, 26 have been designated for their biological interest, 4 for their geological interest, and 11 for both.
The data in the table is taken from citation sheets for each SSSI, available at their website.

</doc>
<doc id="5892615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892615" title="Frank Allaun">
Frank Allaun

Frank Julian Allaun (27 February 1913 – 26 November 2002) was a British Labour politician.
Born in Manchester, Allaun was educated at Manchester Grammar School and worked as an engineer, shop assistant, tour leader, chartered accountant and journalist. He helped to organise the first Aldermaston March in 1958 and was chair of the Labour Peace Fellowship. Allaun was against British membership of the EEC.
Allaun contested Manchester Moss Side in 1951. He was Member of Parliament for Salford East from 1955 to 1983.
He was a veteran of leftwing causes, especially the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND), of which he was vice president from 1983. Allaun wrote several books on nuclear weapons including Stop the H-Bomb Race (1959) and The Wasted 30 Billions (1975).
Naive or optimistic, or just unappreciative of war culture, Allaun was a straight up-and-down idealist. His style was intensely gentle, the voice never raised, but the questions - chiefly on peace and housing - insistent. The beautiful manners and the soft Lancashire voice must have got on ministerial nerves. But then, as one of the organisers of the first Aldermaston march, he helped launch a movement whose appeal in the late 1950s and 1960s did more than get on nerves.
Outside the peace movement, his preoccupation was with public housing, and the vastly increased expenditure he urged should be paid for by cuts, equally massive, in defence. Defence cuts would, of course, come, but, despite Allaun's life work, Britain remained a nuclear power.
Frank Allaun retired from the House of Commons in 1983 but continued to be active in politics. This included writing the books Spreading the News: A Guide To Media Reform (1989) and The Struggle for Peace (1992).
His recreations were walking and swimming.
His first wife died in 1986, and on 3 June 1989 he married Millicent (Millie) Bobker, née Greenberg, a widow and retired civil servant.
He died in Manchester in 2002 aged 89. His second wife, son and daughter survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="5892645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892645" title="Queanbeyan Whites">
Queanbeyan Whites

The Queanbeyan Whites are a rugby union team based in Queanbeyan, New South Wales.
Club history.
The Queanbeyan Whites were established in 1954, joining the ACTRU Competition in 1955. The Mighty Whites, as they are also known, have won the ACTRU Premiership (John I Dent Cup) seven times; including a run of three successive premierships from 1981-1983. The Whites were John I Dent Premiers in 1959, 1981, 1982, 1983, 2007, 2008, and 2010.
The Whites broke a 24 year premiership drought by winning the ACTRU Premier Division John I Dent Cup Grand Final in 2007 in which they defeated the Gungahlin Eagles 33-12, a match they never looked like losing. The September 1 Grand Final win was made all the more sweeter by the Queanbeyan Colts side, who also won their grand final on the day, beating the Tuggeranong Vikings.
The following 2008 season proved to be arguably the finest in Whites history with First, Second and the Colts grades finishing the season as minor premiers. The club was also awarded the honour of Champion Club and Club Champions for the first time ever.
However the icing on the cake came for the Mighty Whites at Viking Park on grand final day. Three premierships were delivered in style with First Grade, Second Grade and Colts proving that their minor premierships were no fluke.
Notable players.
The Whites have had many rugby super-stars play for them including; Australia's test try scoring record holder David Campese, Ricky Stuart (who captained the team in 1987) and Matt Giteau (Australia's highest ever paid rugby player). Tongan international Viliame Iongi played for The Whites between 2010 and 2011.
In 2012, there are currently no less than eight former Queanbeyan Whites first grade players competing in Super Rugby and the National Rugby League:
Anthony Faingaa (Queensland Reds)
Saia Faingaa (Queensland Reds)
Robbie Coleman (ACT Brumbies)
Nic White (ACT Brumbies)
Anthony Hegarty (ACT Brumbies)
James Stannard (Western Force)
Jack Lam (Wellington Hurricanes)
Terry Campese (Canberra Raiders - NRL).
Several lesser known, yet prominent, players have also made appearances for the Whites including Wallabies players David Grimmond and Peter Ryan as well as Brumbies super-sub Ipolito Fenukitau. Other notable former players include legendary Rugby League player David Furner and current Australian Rugby League representative star Terry Campese of the Canberra Raiders.
References.
Whites Rugby homepage

</doc>
<doc id="5892652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892652" title="Joe Bramley">
Joe Bramley

Jonothan William "Joe" Bramley (born 1983) is a New Zealand musician.
Born in Hong Kong to parents Geoff Bramley and Janet Brice, Bramley has two siblings: older brother Nick Bramley and younger brother Richie Bramley. He has lived in Wellington (where he attended Scots College) and in Auckland (where he attended Auckland Grammar School), as well as in Melbourne, Australia (with the band Betchadupa). he lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="5892656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892656" title="The Children's Friend (British magazine)">
The Children's Friend (British magazine)

"The Children's Friend" was a British journal for children, in monthly parts, first published in 1824. It was founded by Rev. William Carus Wilson (1792–1859), who was based near Kirkby Lonsdale where the journal was initially printed. Wilson is perhaps best known for being portrayed negatively as Mr Brocklehurst in Charlotte Brontë's "Jane Eyre" (1847).
"The Children´s Friend" continued to be produced until about 1930. Especially up to the turn of the century, it was essentially a religious work, promoting a "grim morality", and encouraging in its young audience the reading of the Bible, evangelism and charitable works. In its early years, it "inculcate good behaviour by dire warnings of eternal damnation for children struck down by God, without time for repentance, as punishment for their sins." Gradually, more secular material was included. Succeeding editors included the founder's brother Rev. C. Carus Wilson, and William Francis Aitken.
William Carus Wilson's rationale for embarking on the publication of the journal was expressed to his young readers in the first edition: "For the last five years, I have sent out a monthly penny tract, called "THE FRIENDLY VISITOR." It was meant for young readers, as well as old ones; and I know that it has found its way very much into Sunday-schools, and into young hands in other places. But in the space of twelve pages, I have not found it easy, always to give what would suit all ages. Hence many friends have wished me to double both the size and the price of the Friendly Visitor. But I have thought it better to keep it as it is; and to publish a new work wholly for the young, which I call "THE CHILDREN'S FRIEND."

</doc>
<doc id="5892658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892658" title="Michael Hamilton (politician)">
Michael Hamilton (politician)

Michael Aubrey Hamilton (5 July 1918 – 3 July 2000) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Hamilton was educated at Radley and University College, Oxford. He was a director of Royal Exchange Assurance and of Army & Navy Stores.
Hamilton was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Wellingborough in 1959, which he lost in 1964. He was then elected for Salisbury at a 1965 by-election, which he represented until he retired in 1983. He was an opposition whip from 1961 to 1964, a senior one from the second year (a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury). He died in Chichester, West Sussex two days before his 82nd birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="5892666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892666" title="Tinwald">
Tinwald

Tinwald may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5892675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892675" title="Tintah">
Tintah

Tintah can refer to a location in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5892678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892678" title="List of High Commissioners of New Zealand to the Solomon Islands">
List of High Commissioners of New Zealand to the Solomon Islands

The High Commissioner from New Zealand to the Solomon Islands is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Solomon Islands, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in the Solomon Islands.
The High Commission is located in Honiara, the Solomon Islands' capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident High Commissioner in the Solomon Islands since 1978.
As fellow members of the Commonwealth of Nations, diplomatic relations between New Zealand and the Solomon Islands are at governmental level, rather than between Heads of State. Thus, the countries exchange High Commissioners, rather than ambassadors.

</doc>
<doc id="5892684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892684" title="Tionesta">
Tionesta

Tionesta can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5892699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892699" title="Nelson Sale Kilifa">
Nelson Sale Kilifa

Nelson Sale Kilifa (born 7 October 1986) is a Solomon Islands football defender who currently plays for Amicale F.C..
Club career.
Kilifa has also played for Koloale FC Honiara in his native country and played in New Zealand for Richmond Athletic alongside fellow countryman Alick Maemae.
He normally plays in the centre of defence for both club and country.
International career.
He made his debut for the Solomon Islands national football team against Vanuatu in a friendly in April 2004 and has collected 12 caps since, scoring no goals.

</doc>
<doc id="5892708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892708" title="Kondakovo">
Kondakovo

Kondakovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="5892710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892710" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Hampshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Hampshire

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Hampshire, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Natural England uses the borders of Hampshire to mark one of its Areas of Search. , there are 118 sites designated in this Area of Search. There are 4 sites with a purely geological interest, and 108 listed for biological interest. A further 6 sites are designated for both reasons.
Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here. The data in the table is taken from Natural England in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI, and the County Background Datasheet for Hampshire.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5892714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892714" title="Michael Phelan">
Michael Phelan

Michael Phelan or Mike Phelan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5892715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892715" title="Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona">
Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona

The Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona (also known by its acronym, CCCB) is one of the most visited exhibition and arts centres in the city of Barcelona, Spain.
Situated in the Raval district, the Centre’s core theme is the city and urban culture. Its success is based on quality, its rather eclectic approach, attention to a broad cross section of publics and the unique way it addresses issues with the aim of linking the academic world with creative processes and citizens in general.
The CCCB organizes and produces exhibitions, debates, festivals and concerts; programmes film cycles, courses and lectures; encourages creation using new technologies and languages, explores and promotes the ongoing fusion of languages and different genres, and takes in-house productions to other national and international arts centres, museums and institutions. The underlying aim of these activities is to generate debate, thinking and reflection on the theme of the city and public space, and other issues that define current affairs. The CCCB is also an open space for creators, associations and freelance programmers with whom it has forged links over the years.
The CCCB offers the public access to part of its holdings, a manifestation of its activities in the form of a multimedia archive comprising materials created by the Centre during its years of activity. A wide variety of materials (documents, publications, digital files, audiovisuals, etc.) on key themes of contemporary culture and society are available for consultation in the CCCB ARCHIVE, which is constantly updated.
Also available for public consultation is the Centre’s XCÈNTRIC ARCHIVE, a digital archive of experimental and documentary film, comprising over 700 titles related to its programme “Xcèntric. The CCCB’s Cinema”.
The CCCB is a public consortium created by the Diputació de Barcelona (Barcelona Provincial Council) and Barcelona City Council. The management body governing the consortium is the General Council, whose president is the President of the Diputació de Barcelona and whose vice-president is the city’s mayor. Josep Ramoneda is director general.
The building.
The Centre has a floor area of 15,000 m², 4,000 of which are exhibition spaces. It also has an auditorium, a bookstore and various multiuse seminar and lecture rooms.
The CCCB occupies part of the old Casa de Caritat almshouse, built in 1802 and serving this role until 1957. The remodelled premises are the work of the architects Helio Piñón and Albert Viaplana, and, in 1993, the project was awarded the FAD and Ciutat de Barcelona Architecture Prizes. The new project replaced the north wing, completing the original U-shaped layout with a 30-metre high prismatic volume, presenting a spectacular glazed façade that projects into the courtyard at the top. With its interplay of reflections, this new feature becomes a mirror of the surrounding rooftops and a prime lookout point over the city, as well as housing internal communications (halls, lifts and stairs).
In the spring of 2011, the CCCB expanded its premises with the incorporation of the former theatre of the Casa de Caritat, which has recently been remodelled. The project, designed by Martinez Lapeña-Torres Arquitectos, SL, forms a basement-level connection with the current premises, in the Pati de les Dones courtyard, and addresses the old theatre, built in 1912 by the architect Josep Goday i Casals, and part of one of the 19th-century cloisters of the former Hospital de la Caritat.
A further 3,000 m2, designed to meet the functional needs of the Centre’s programme (multipurpose hall with capacity for 500 persons, a lecture room, and storage and maintenance space), will be added to the existing installations and programme in the course of the coming year.

</doc>
<doc id="5892720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892720" title="Zashiversk">
Zashiversk

Zashiversk (; ) was a town north of the arctic circle in what is now the Sakha Republic (formerly Yakutia), Russia. It was located on the right bank of the Indigirka River where the river makes a sharp bend around the town-site. It was founded in 1639. It served as a fortress town and then as an administrative center. In 1803 administrative functions were removed to Verkhoyansk. Subsequently the town suffered repeated epidemics of smallpox. It was completely depopulated by 1898 (one source says by 1863).
Spaso-Zashiverskaya church (built 1700) was moved to Novosibirsk by Alexey Okladnikov,
and now it exhibited at the Museum of the Archeological Institute of the Russian Academy of Science.
Early colony.
From the end of the Time of Troubles small groups of Russians penetrated and colonized the Far Eastern Arctic, in two distinct waves originating from White Sea area and from the Ural Mountains. In 1639 the company of Postnik Ivanov, a Siberian cossack, reached the site of Zashiversk and stayed there for the winter. The site, located below the rapids ("Shivery", шиверы, in Siberian dialect, thus the name "Zashiversk") of the Indigirka River, some 870 kilometers from its inlet, marked the crossroads of a river route to Kolyma and Chukotka and a land route ("Tsar's Trail", царская дорога) from Yakutsk to Nizhnekolymsk. Postnik reported abundance of valuable sable and fish, significant population of native settlers and nomads as well as silver possessed by the Yukagirs; the voyevoda of Yakutsk responded with establishment of a permanent colony to exploit the opportunity.
The Russians enforced taxation of natives through collection of yasak in sable furs and regularly trespassed their self-assumed rights; the natives evaded extortion by resettling to remote areas. Twice, in 1668 (Forsyth: 1666-1667) and 1679, the Lamuts openly revolted and besieged Zashiversk, but the colonists prevailed and fortified the settlement with a wooden stockade, the only one of its kind on the Indigirka. The Lamuts were dispersed with fortress guns, but successfully destroyed a Russian caravan on the way from Yana River to Zashiversk. Their active resistance continued until 1692, by 1700 the Lamuts and Yukagirs were firmly pressed into submission and ended their own fighting among native clans.
The wooden tented church of Saviour was erected in 1700. Explorer Dmitry Laptev complained in 1741 that Zashiversk church remained the only Orthodox church from the mouth of Lena River to Anadyr. Noted preacher of Zashiversk Church, father Alexey Sleptsov, was an exile, son of former governor of Moscow Ivan Sleptsov. In 1735 was allowed to preach on condition that he will not ever leave Zashiversk. He died in 1783 at the age of 74 and his duties were assumed by his son Mikhail who lived past the age of 87.
Prosperity.
Zashiversk grew as a marketplace settlement, and its annual fair attracted traders from all over the Far East. In 1786 its organic growth was boosted by establishment of uezd administration; influx of government bureaucrats and their servants temporarily made it a proper town with a city hall, prison, police force of thirty cossacks and a tavern. Population reached five hundreds, including 64 military and 8 clergymen. This prosperity was recorded in detail by explorers Gavril Sarychev and Joseph Billings who also noted hospitality of local ispravnik Ivan Banner, an ethnic Dane in Russian service. Banner, apart from daily police functions, actively recruited the Chukchi into accepting Russian citizenship and jealously tracked the activities of foreign traders in the area. He later joined the staff of the Russian American Company.
Coat of arms of Zashiversk was approved in October 1790 along with other coats of arms of the Irkutks Governorate. According to the blazon, the golden fox in a black field symbolized hunting foxes as the source of subsistence for the population. Overhunting during the 18th century depleted wildlife; decrease in fur trading spelled the town's end. In 1803, when Zashiversk lost its former economic significance as a marketplace, the uezd was abolished, and all government functions relocated to Verkhoyansk.
Decline.
Arctic explorer Ferdinand von Wrangel, who crossed Siberia in the summer of 1820 and reached Zashiversk in October, noted that although after the 1786 the settlement expanded to around thirty permanent houses (as opposed to earlier yurtas), after the merger of Verkhoyansk and Zashiversk uezds the latter "plunged into its former misery". By 1820 the town shrunk to only five houses; there were two Russian families, a Yakut postmaster, Orthodox missionary father Mikhail and his brother. Wrangel was surprised to find local church well-maintained although father Mikhail was 87 years old. He preached in the Arctic for sixty years, converted around 15 thousand natives, and was still able to cross his enormous parish on horseback and hunt wild game in the mountains. Mikhail was the only local able to grow cabbage and root vegetables in short Arctic summers. Yakuts of father Mikhail's parish were segregated into the richer nomads who herded horses and cattle, and poorer settlers, the "River Yakuts". The latter settled along the rivers, and survived by fishing alone, their only livestock being the sled dogs. Zashiversk then still retained some of its logistical functions: Wrangel's stay there coincided with the passage of a government caravan with salt and flour heading to Nizhnekolymsk; horses for the caravan were provided by the Yakuts.
John Dundas Cochrane visited Zashiversk in December 1822 "on foot" and lamented that "Of all the places I have ever seen, bearing the name of city or town, this is the most dreary and desolate: my blood froze within me as I beheld and approached the place." He recorded seven single-person households: two clergymen, a widow, two non-commissioned officers, a postmaster and a trader: "I have seen a merchant ship with sixteen guns and only fifteen men, but I never before saw a town with only seven inhabitants". Cochrane praised the hospitality of these people who provided him with "living in a state of luxury" and "plenty of fish ... the greatest delicacy I have ever tasted."
Ghost town.
Wrangel and Cochrane visited Zashiversk after the population was hit by the first outbreak of smallpox in 1816. The second outbreak, in 1840, killed all the remaining settlers (or, according to different accounts, spared just one girl). Depopulation of Zashiversk spawned a Siberian legend: when local traders found a chest abandoned at the fairground, a shaman prohibited opening the chest while an Orthodox priest agreed to open it. Traders opened the chest ... and released the grim reaper. According to George Kennan, in 1879 the bureaucracy believed that the deserted town still existed, and dispatched Hermann Schiller, a political exile from Poltava, on a 3,700 mile march on foot to Zashiversk. Only then did the news of the town's demise reach the government, and Schiller was taken on another year's journey to Srednekolymsk. A similar fictional story was retold by Adam Szymansky in "A Pinch of Salt".
Officially, Zashiversk ceased to exist only in 1890. Harry de Windt, who travelled through the region in 1902, witnessed Zashiversk abandoned, its ruins still standing. He noted that the town was still marked on contemporary British maps and the 1883 map of Russian General Staff.
Modern studies.
In 1969 achaelologists led by Alexey Okladnikov rediscovered and surveyed the remains of Zashiversk. According to archaeologist Nikolay Zhurin, Okladnikov was tipped about the existence of Zashiversk Church by polar aviation pilots, who wondered how could the church emerge and survive in a frozen wilderness. He set up the 1969 expedition and, indeed, found the church, unattended for around a century, in good condition. A second expedition, in 1971, carefully disassembled the log structure (recruiting curious helicopter pilots to pull up the whole tented roof assembly) and shipped the parts to Akademgorodok. Volunteers slowly assembled the church on the site of the future open air museum () but, as of June 2006, the interiors were not restored and the church has not been consecrated to resume service.
Okladnikov and his colleagues Gogolev and Ashchepkov authored the definitive academic book on the subject, "Ancient Zashiversk" (Древний Зашиверск), printed by Nauka in 1977. A replica of Zashiversk church has been erected in Sottintsy open air museum (Ust-Aldansky Ulus of Sakha Republic).

</doc>
<doc id="5892729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892729" title="Re-cycle">
Re-cycle

Re-cycle (Cantonese: 鬼域 Gwai wik) is a 2006 horror film directed by the Pang Brothers and starring Angelica Lee. The film was the closing film in the Un Certain Regard program at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival. It was also a reunion for Pangs and the actress Lee, who starred in the Pang's 2002 hit, "The Eye". It is a Hong Kong/Thai co-production.
Plot.
Ting-yin, a young novelist, is struggling to come up with a followup to her best-selling trilogy of romance novels. She has not even started on the book yet and her agent has already announced that the next title, "The Recycle", will deal with the supernatural.
After drafting her first chapter, she stops and deletes the file from her computer. She then starts seeing strange, unexplainable things and finds that she is experiencing the supernatural events that she described in her novel-to-be.
Controversy.
Ting-yin finds herself in a parallel universe where abandoned things end up, including aborted fetuses, which combined with the portrayal of the main character's personal demons regarding her own aborted child leads some critics to believe the film carries a pro-life message. "That just happens to be one of the topics in the movie. We are not out to say if abortion is right or wrong", Oxide Pang said in one interview.

</doc>
<doc id="5892745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892745" title="Kyulyunken">
Kyulyunken

Kyulyunken is a rural locality in Tomponsky Ulus of the Sakha Republic, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="5892747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892747" title="Civilian (Boy Kill Boy album)">
Civilian (Boy Kill Boy album)

Civilian is the debut album by Boy Kill Boy. It was released on May 22, 2006, and reached number 16 in the UK Album Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5892751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892751" title="Barbara Albright">
Barbara Albright

Barbara Albright (1955 in Nebraska - July 5, 2006 in Branford, Connecticut) was an American author of about 25 food and knitting books. She was also former editor-in-chief of "The Chocolatier" magazine, a food editor as "Redbook" and "Woman's World" and a freelance writer for the Associated Press.
Albright graduated from Fremont High School in Fremont, Nebraska and from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln with a bachelor's degree in food and nutrition. In 1980, she received her master's degree in nutrition communication from Boston University.
She was the author or co-authored of numerous cookbooks and knitting books, including "Cooking with Regis and Kathie Lee" (which reached number one on the "New York Times" bestseller list), "Entertaining with Regis and Kathie Lee", "Oddball Knitting", and "The Natural Knitter".
A resident of Wilton, Connecticut, Albright died of a brain tumor at a Branford, Connecticut hospice at age 51 on July 5, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5892752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892752" title="Nizhnekolymsk">
Nizhnekolymsk

Nizhnekolymsk () is a village ("selo") in Nizhnekolymsky Ulus of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located within the Arctic Circle near the East Siberian Sea on the left bank of the Kolyma River, 80 km south of Chersky. Population as of 2002: 0.
History.
The village was founded as a fort on the Kolyma at around the same time as Srednekolymsk. Nizhekolymsk was officially abandoned as a settlement in 1968, although a small number of people still reside here.
Geography.
The Anyuy River, meets the Kolyma River at Nizhnekolymsk.
See also.
Srednekolymsk

</doc>
<doc id="5892756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892756" title="VFA-94">
VFA-94

Strike Fighter Squadron 94 (VFA-94), also known as the "Mighty Shrikes", are a United States Navy F/A-18C Hornet fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Lemoore. The Shrikes are an operational fleet F/A-18C Hornet squadron attached to Carrier Air Wing 17 (CVW 17) and based at NAS Lemoore, CA. Their tailcode is NA and their radio callsign is Hobo. The squadron is currently deployed aboard USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70).
Insignia and nickname.
The original squadron was known as the "Tough Kitties" and had a cartoon cat insignia. When the second squadron was formed and deployed aboard USS Hornet (CVA-12) during its world cruise in 1954, it also used a cartoon cat insignia. There is no record of this insignia being officially approved for use by the squadron. The squadron’s first official insignia was approved by Chief of Naval Operations on 21 November 1955, and consisted of a yellow and black tiger paw with lightning bolts on a blue background. A new insignia was approved on 21 April 1959 consisting of a dark blue stylized aircraft with above an atom symbol on a blue background. A modification to this insignia was approved on 16 May 1967, replacing the atom symbol by a stylized bird design. The stylized bird was orange and the other colors from the previous design stayed the same. 
Nicknamed the Mighty Shrikes, the squadron was named after a small carnivorous bird of prey, the Loggerhead Shrike. It engages in aerial combat to strike its prey in the air and on the ground, and then impales its victim on a sharp thorn.
History.
Two distinct US Navy squadrons have held the designation VA-94. The first served in World War II and was disestablished in the late 1940s. The second of those squadrons later became VFA-94, the main subject of this article. Officially, the US Navy does not recognize a direct lineage of newly formed squadrons with disestablished squadrons. Often however, the new squadron will assume the nickname, insignia, and traditions of the earlier squadrons. That appears to have happened in this case, as (for a short time) the new squadron used a cat insignia similar to the earlier one.
1940s.
The first VA-94 was established on July 1, 1943, as Bombing Squadron NINETY NINE (VB-99), an experimental squadron for the new SB2C Helldiver. VB-99 was initially equipped with the Douglas SBD-5 Dauntless. On October 15, 1943, the squadron was redesignated Bombing Squadron TWENTY (VB-20), and on November 15, 1943 the squadron started to receive its first SB2C-1C Helldivers. 
From August 16 through November 23, 1944, VB-20 flew the Helldiver from for the first of two World War II Pacific Theater combat cruises. The squadron's first combat action occurred on August 31, 1944 and involved an attack on the Bonin Islands. In September 1944, VB-20 participated in pre-invasion strikes on Palau Islands and provided air support for landings on Peleliu Island. In October 1944, the squadron participated in air strikes against Okinawa, Formosa and Luzon. On October 24, 1944, VB-20 participated in the Battle for Leyte Gulf. Squadron SB2Cs flew sorties against Japanese surface force in the Sibuyan Sea, these attacks contributed to the sinking of the "Musashi", one of the two largest battleships in the world. On October 25, 1944, VB-20 aircraft were part of the Fast Carrier Task Force that attacked the Japanese carrier force in the Battle of Cape Engaño. Four Japanese carriers were sunk during this engagement. 
From November 23, 1944 through February 2, 1945, VB-20 embarked aboard , for the second of two World War II combat cruises. Squadron Helldivers struck Japanese positions in Ormoc Bay, Leyte, Luzon, Formosa, Hong Kong, the South China Sea and Okinawa. 
On November 15, 1946, VB-20 was redesignated Attack Squadron NINE A (VA-9A). On August 12, 1948, they were re-designated Attack Squadron NINETY FOUR (VA-94), and in October 1948 they received the new AD-2 Douglas Skyraider. On November 30, 1949, VA-94 was disestablished.
1950s.
A new squadron, Fighter Squadron 94, was established at NAS Alameda, California on March 26, 1952. The "Mighty Shrikes" began flying the F4U Corsair, but quickly transitioned to jet aircraft. Over the next eight years, the squadron received and flew numerous fighter aircraft before becoming an attack squadron. In Sep 1953, the squadron received the F9F-5 Panther. In Jan 1955 the "Shrikes" moved to NAS Moffett Field and received the FJ Fury in Feb 1955. In Nov 1955, they transitioned to the F9F Cougar. They again flew various models of the FJ-3 Fury from Jun 1957 until 1959.
The Mighty Shrikes were redesignated as Light Attack Squadron VA-94 on Aug 1, 1958 and moved back to NAS Alameda on 20 Aug 1958. In January 1959, they transitioned to the aircraft they would fly (in various models) for the next twelve years, the A-4 Skyhawk.
1960s.
On 8 March 1962, VA-94 moved to NAS Lemoore, California. As the Vietnam War escalated, the "Mighty Shrikes" completed seven consecutive combat deployments to Southeast Asia, commencing with a cruise aboard in 1964. 
On 1 Dec 1964, the squadron flew its first sorties in support of Yankee Team Operations, armed escort for photo-reconnaissance missions over Laos. On 7 February 1965, following a Viet Cong attack against American advisors in South Vietnam, President Lyndon Johnson ordered a reprisal strike against North Vietnam, named Flaming Dart I. The squadron’s target was concealed by heavy weather and the mission was aborted. On 11 February, the squadron participated in Flaming Dart II, retaliatory strikes against the Chanh Hoa military barracks near Dong Hoi, North Vietnam. In March 1965, the squadron participated in Rolling Thunder strikes against targets in North Vietnam.
In October 1965, as part of Air Wing 9, the squadron moved to NAS Norfolk to join on her first combat cruise. The squadron was assigned to Air Wing 5 in 1966 and completed four combat deployments aboard and .
1970s.
In February 1971, the squadron transitioned to the Ling-Temco-Vought A-7 Corsair II and was assigned to Air Wing 15 / . 
On 9 May 1972, the squadron participated in Operation Pocket Money, the mining of Haiphong harbor.
The first mine was dropped at 08:59 to coincide with President Richard Nixon's public announcement of the mining. All mines were set with 72-hour arming delays, thus permitting merchant ships time for departure or a change in destination consistent with the President's public warning. It was the beginning of a mining campaign that planted over 11,000 MK36 type destructor and 108 special Mk 52-2 mines over the next eight months. It is considered to have played a significant role in bringing about an eventual peace arrangement, particularly since it so hampered the enemy's ability to continue receiving war supplies.
In May–June 1972, VA-94 participated in operation Linebacker I, heavy air strikes against targets in North Vietnam.
In 1973, the squadron deployed on its first peacetime cruise in a decade, again with Carrier Air Wing 15 aboard USS Coral Sea.
On 29 April 1975, squadron aircraft provided air cover for Operation Frequent Wind, the evacuation of American citizens from Saigon that terminated United States military involvement in Vietnam. On 15 May 1975, "Shrike" aircraft, along with other elements from CVW-15 launched air strikes against the Cambodian mainland after the capture of the by Cambodian gunboats. 
From May 1979 to January 1980, the squadron deployed aboard to the Western Pacific and Indian Oceans, including 63 days of operations in the Arabian Sea during the Iran Hostage Crisis.
1980s.
The squadron's next deployment aboard USS "Kitty Hawk" was completed in 1981.
In 1986, aboard USS "Enterprise", VA-94 made history as part of the first nuclear aircraft carrier to transit the Suez Canal. The Shrikes cruised the Mediterranean for three months, supporting operations against Libya.
In Feb–May 1988, the "Mighty Shrikes" flew air support for Operation Earnest Will, escorting reflagged Kuwaiti oil tankers in the Persian Gulf. In April 1988, the squadron struck the naval forces of Iran as part of Operation Praying Mantis, the first major U.S. naval battle since World War II. Squadron aircraft delivered direct hits on the Iranian frigate Sahand.
In Dec 1989, the squadron participated in Operation Classic Resolve, providing support for the Philippine government during a coup attempt.
1990s.
In June 1990, the Mighty Shrikes received their first F/A-18C Hornet and was redesignated Strike Fighter Squadron NINE FOUR (VFA-94) on Jan 1, 1991. In May 1991, they deployed aboard to the Persian Gulf in support of United Nations sanctions following the war in Iraq. The "Mighty Shrikes" also participated in Operation Fiery Vigil, evacuating thousands of homeless people from the Philippines after the Mount Pinatubo eruption. They subsequently received the Joint Meritorious Unit Commendation for their contribution to the disaster relief efforts.
On 15 June 1993, the squadron deployed aboard "Abraham Lincoln" flying missions over southern Iraq in support of Operation Southern Watch. In October 1993, "Abraham Lincoln" left the Persian Gulf for Somalia to provide force protection for U.S. and other United Nations forces aiding in the humanitarian relief effort. 
The "Mighty Shrikes" were key participants in Operation Vigilant Sentinel during their 1995 deployment, again aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln CVN-72. 
The "Shrikes" next deployed aboard "Kitty Hawk" on 10 October 1996 to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Southern Watch. On 13 May 1997, the "Mighty Shrikes" deployed aboard , and again on 10 November 1998 to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Desert Fox.
2000s.
Following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the Mighty Shrikes led the first missions of Operation Enduring Freedom on October 7, 2001. In the months that followed, VFA-94 and Air Wing Eleven participated in precision strikes against key Taliban locations in Afghanistan. The squadron amassed 664 combat sorties and expended 550,000 pounds of ordnance on targets in Afghanistan. The squadron returned home on 19 January 2002.
The squadron deployed again on 3 March 2003 for an eight-month combat deployment aboard USS Nimitz (CVN-68) with CVW-11 in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. On 7 May 2005, the squadron again deployed aboard "Nimitz" to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
In Oct 2006, the Mighty Shrikes successfully completed the Strike Fighter Advanced Readiness Program, in preparation for the squadron's transition to an expeditionary role. In January 2007, VFA-94 joined their sister squadron VFA-97 as one of only two F/A-18 squadrons to deploy overseas as part of the Unit Deployment Program(UDP). Strike Fighter Squadron 94 departed Naval Air Station Lemoore, CA on its first expeditionary evolution to MCAS Iwakuni, Japan. The squadron traversed nearly of open ocean, totaling almost 18 flight hours per jet. During the deployment, VFA-94 participated in Operation Foal Eagle, the first ever U.S. Navy expeditionary deployment to Korea, and Operation Cobra Gold in Thailand. The squadron received numerous accolades for success in number of sorties completed and overall mission accomplishment.
In July 2008, VFA-94 completed their second UDP deployment to Japan in support of the Global War on Terror and Pacific Operations. The Mighty Shrikes participated in Exercises Talon Vision at Clark AFB, Philippines; Wolmi-Do Fury at Kadena AFB, Okinawa; and Exercise Lava Viper at Hickam AFB, Hawaii. The Shrikes returned home in February 2009 after completing this successful 7 month deployment. 
The squadron has been awarded two Joint Meritorious Unit Awards, five Navy Unit Commendations, five Meritorious Unit Commendations, five Battle Efficiency Awards, two Navy Expeditionary Medals, three Armed Forces Expeditionary Medals, and Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal and a Global War on Terrorism Service Medal.
2010s.
After return, in January 2012, from UDP duties in Japan, the squadron returned stateside to NAS Lemoore, California, but apparently was not assigned to one of the West Coast air wings until around August 2012, as it temporarily took sister Strike Fighter squadron "Fist of the Fleet" (VFA-25) place within CVW-17, as the fourth unit (4xx modex), as -25 was upgrading to the "Echo" Super Hornet, single-seat version, from the long time used, (legacy) Hornet F/A-18C. VFA-25 was returned to its former slot within CVW-17, thus replacing VFA-94, which again has not been rotated,to date to another PACFLT or LANTFLT air wing.
In that same period, the Navy changed the CVW code letters, to be inline as a Pacific Fleet(PACFLT) assignment, instead of its Atlantic Fleet letter designation, 'AA', used for the CVW since 1966, to 'NA', a formerly used code for both VFA(AW)-4,and Air Task Group One(ATG-1) from October 1951 to Feb 23, 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="5892759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892759" title="Tobyhanna">
Tobyhanna

Tobyhanna may refer to the following places in Pennsylvania in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5892761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892761" title="Plješivica">
Plješivica

Plješivica or Plješevica () is a mountain in Croatia and on the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina, part of the Dinaric Alps. It stretches in the direction north–south, and it extends from the mountain pass that separates it from Mala Kapela, along the Krbava field to the west and the Una River canyon to the east, and ending near Gračac where it touches on Velebit.
Željava Air Base is located inside Plješevica, the largest underground airbase in SFR Yugoslavia.
The highest peaks:
There are additional peaks that extend from Plješevica, notably Kremen at 1591 meters in the south and Mrsin at 1,269 meters in the north.

</doc>
<doc id="5892762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892762" title="Ust-Kuyga">
Ust-Kuyga

__NOTOC__
Ust-Kuyga () is an urban locality (a settlement) in Ust-Yansky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located on the Yana River, north from Deputatsky, the administrative center of the district. Population: 
Transportation.
Ust-Kuyga is served by the Ust-Kuyga Airport .

</doc>
<doc id="5892765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892765" title="St Martin’s Catholic Voluntary Academy">
St Martin’s Catholic Voluntary Academy

Saint Martin's Catholic Voluntary Academy (formerly Saint Martin's Catholic High School) is a coeducational 11-14 middle school with academy status run by Brenda Carson, located in Stoke Golding, near to Hinckley, Leicestershire, England. It is part of the Diocese of Nottingham, and is built on the same grounds as the former Dominican nunnery. The school is named after Saint Martín de Porres. The latest Ofsted Report has said that St-Martins is an 'outstanding' school. Saint Martins has just become an 11-16 school. It is now called St. Martins Catholic Voluntary Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="5892768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892768" title="Gran Premio d'Italia">
Gran Premio d'Italia

The Gran Premio d'Italia is a Listed flat horse race in Italy open to three-year-old thoroughbreds. It is run at Milan over a distance of 2,400 metres (about 1½ miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in June.
History.
The event was established in 1921, and it was initially contested over 1,800 metres. It was run over 2,000 metres in 1926 and 1927, and extended to 2,400 metres in 1928.
The present system of race grading was introduced in the early 1970s, and for a period the Gran Premio d'Italia was classed at Group 1 level. During the late 1980s and early 1990s it took place in September.
The race was downgraded in 1996, and cut to 2,000 metres in 1997. From this point it held Listed status and was staged in June or July.
The Gran Premio d'Italia was run over 2,200 metres in 2009. It was increased to 2,400 metres in 2010.
Records.
Leading jockey since 1984 (3 wins):
Leading trainer since 1984 (5 wins):
Leading owner since 1984 (2 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="5892770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892770" title="Jolene (song)">
Jolene (song)

"Jolene" is a song written and performed by American country music artist Dolly Parton. It was released in October 1973 as the first single and title track from her album "of the same name", produced by Bob Ferguson. It is ranked #219 on the "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of "the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
History.
"Jolene" tells the tale of a woman confronting Jolene, a stunningly beautiful woman, who she believes is trying to steal away her man and begging her to "please don't take my man". Throughout the song, the woman implores Jolene "please don't take him just because you can". The song became Parton's second solo number-one single on the country charts after being released as a single in late 1973 (prior to the album's release). It reached the top position in February 1974; it was also a moderate pop hit for her and a minor adult contemporary chart entry, and was released as a single in the UK the following year, where it reached number seven in the UK singles chart.
After performing "Jolene" at Glastonbury festival in 2014, Parton said that the song was inspired by a red-headed woman that Parton felt her husband was spending too much time around when they were newly married. She has also implied that Jolene's name and appearance are based on that of a young fan she met whilst signing autographs.
Covers.
Dami Im.
In 2014, Australian recording artist Dami Im released an acoustic version.
Other Versions.
A 1994 version by Swedish show group Spirella Girls was named "Brolin, Brolin" and was about Swedish soccer player Tomas Brolin.
In 2006 was also appeared in "Back To Mine", a mix album mix by Liam Howlett.
In 2010, Parton's original version was featured and performed by Jessica Lowndes as Adrianna Tate-Duncan in the "90210" episode "What's Past is Prologue".
In 2011 was also played at some concerts of Fiona Apple.
In 2011, John Mayer, Keith Urban, and Norah Jones performed the song at the Grammy Awards as a tribute to Dolly Parton. Vicci Martinez covered the song on "The Voice".
Also in 2011, Samuel Larsen performed this song in the finals of Oxygen's reality competition series The Glee Project. Larsen won the competition along with a fellow contender.
It was also performed on the show "Glee" by Dot Marie Jones who portrays Coach Beiste in the episode "I Kissed a Girl". The episode aired on November 29, 2011.
In 2012, The Little Willies covered the song on their album "For the Good Times" with Norah Jones on lead vocals.
In 2012, Brandi Carlile covered this song on her Bear Creek tour.
In 2012, Miley Cyrus (Parton's goddaughter) performed a version in a "Backyard Sessions" video found on Cyrus' official website. She also performed the song as part of her Bangerz Tour.
In 2012, Sandra van Nieuwland, a Dutch singer, covered this song for her album "And More".
In 2013, Straight No Chaser, an a cappella group from Indiana, covered this song (with featured vocalist Dolly Parton herself) on their 2013 album "Under the Influence" 
In 2013, YouTube user goodlittlebuddy's slowed-down version of "Jolene" rose to internet fame. The song is being played at 33RPM instead of 45RPM, which represents a 25% slow down from the original.

</doc>
<doc id="5892777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892777" title="Grinder (band)">
Grinder (band)

Grinder was a late 80's/early 90's speed metal/thrash metal band from Germany. They released three full length albums and one EP before disbanding. Grinder were the first international heavy metal act to play in Turkey, on May 12, 1990 at the Open Air Theater in Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="5892780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892780" title="Bukhan River">
Bukhan River

The Bukhan River (North Han River) is a tributary of the Han River that flows through both North and South Korea. It traverses Kangwon province in North Korea and Gangwon and Gyeonggi provinces in South Korea. 
The Bukhan River's headwaters lie in North Korea near Geumgangsan; this early portion of the river is often called the "Geumgangcheon", or "Geumgang Stream." It crosses the Korean Demilitarized Zone and enters Hwacheon County, flowing south through Chuncheon and then west through Gapyeong. It joins with the Namhan River in Yangseo-myeon, Yangpyeong, to form the Han River.

</doc>
<doc id="5892790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892790" title="Michel Hmaé">
Michel Hmaé

Michel Hmaé (born 21 March 1978) is a footballer who used to play for AS Magenta in the New Caledonian football league. He has been playing as a striker for the Noumea outfit since 2003/2004. On January 2010, he signed for AS Mont-Dore.
Hmaé is regular in the New Caledonia national football team. At international level, Michel Hmaé scored 6 goals in the Oceania Nations Cup 2004, including 5 against the Cook Islands. In the South Pacific Games in 2003, he scored 4 goals against Micronesia.

</doc>
<doc id="5892804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892804" title="Envoy (WordPerfect)">
Envoy (WordPerfect)

In computing, Envoy was a proprietary portable document file format marketed by WordPerfect Corporation, created as a competitor for Acrobat Pro. It was introduced by Tumbleweed Communications Corporation in 1993 and shipped with WordPerfect Office in March 1994.
An Envoy file could be created by the use of a special printer driver in WordPerfect. The resulting document could be viewed in a separate viewer application, the Envoy Distributable Viewer, which also worked as a web browser plugin.
Unlike Adobe PDF, the file format was not publicly documented.
Envoy failed to make any headway against PDF, and is largely now unused. Some have reported success in reading Envoy documents by printing to PostScript from the Envoy Distributable Viewer, then converting the PostScript file to a PDF. The PostScript file can also be viewed directly using a viewer such as GhostScript.

</doc>
<doc id="5892806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892806" title="Egvekinot">
Egvekinot

Egvekinot (; Chukchi: , meaning "sharp, hard land") is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Iultinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia. Population: 
Geography.
Egvekinot is a port settlement with a maximum depth of and is located on the coast of Kresta Bay, part of the Bering Sea at the foot of mountains some high. The settlement is located from Magadan, from Anadyr, and from Moscow.
Egvekinot can be reached by flights from Anadyr which land at the Kresta Bay airport, though the spring meltwaters can cause the runway to become flooded.
History.
Recent archeological excavations around the settlement have indicated that the area was inhabited in neolithic times and possibly even in the mesolithic, with the discovery of a number of stone implements, tools for grinding and obsidian arrowheads, all of which are now stored in the local museum in Egvekinot.
In 1937, metal deposits were discovered in Iultin. Due to the isolated nature of the area, the transportation of any minerals extracted would be difficult and it was decided that a new port town would be created to serve the Iultin mines. Dalstroy formed a new section, "Chukotstroy", whose aim was to construct Egvekinot and the road from the settlement to the Iultin mines.
Egvekinot was founded on March 1, 1946, under the supervision of B. N. Lenkov, the first head of Chukotstroy, specifically as a port so that the nearby Iultin Mining Complex about north of the settlement could be easily supplied with materials. On July 16, the MV Sovetskaya Latviya brought the first 1,500 settlers to Egvekinot. These construction workers were mainly political prisoners rather than willing emigrants. The labour force was responsible for the construction of the entire infrastructure in the area, including the construction of Egvekinot, the nearby village of Ozyorny, and the village of Iultin, as well as the road linking the mines to the new port, the power station, warehouses, and residential and industrial buildings.
As a result of this, the settlement became quite an important hub causing the population to grow to over 5,000 in the late 1980s. However, when the mining complex was closed in 1993, the economy of Egvekinot suffered with the population falling rapidly throughout the 1990s, though current Russian census details indicate a recovery in recent years.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of municipal divisions, Egvekinot is subordinated to Iultinsky Municipal District and is incorporated as Egvekinot Urban Settlement. Egvekinot is the administrative center of both Iultinsky Administrative and Municipal Districts.
The nearby former village ("selo") of Ozyorny is now a microdistrict of Egvekinot.
Transportation.
Egvekinot is linked to the now abandoned settlement of Iultin by permanent road via Amguema and the abandoned settlements of Dorozhny, Tranzitny and Geologicheskiy. There is also a small system of roads within the town, including:
Climate.
Egvekinot has an Arctic climate. Temperatures can be below freezing from October all the way through to the following May, and below from December through to March. The short summer is temperate.
Culture and sights.
At the airport is a monument to the MI-8 helicopter, a common sight in the air over Chukotka.
There is a museum in the settlement which deals mainly with local history, people, and archeology, as well as a cultural center, home to the Zalivskiye Napevy folk chorus, the Sone song group, and Severyanka folk dance ensemble.
Egvekinot has one of the only two ski slopes in Chukotka; a ski lodge can be found near the Staratelsky Stream.

</doc>
<doc id="5892811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892811" title="Beacon Hill, Hampshire">
Beacon Hill, Hampshire

Beacon Hill, Hampshire in England may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5892821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892821" title="Michael L. Phelan">
Michael L. Phelan

Michael Lawlor Phelan (born June 8, 1947 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a judge of the Federal Court of Canada.
Career.
Phelan was educated at Loyola College in Montreal (BA, 1968) and Dalhousie University Law School (LLB, 1971). He was called to the Bar of Ontario in 1973. On November 19, 2003, he was appointed Judge of the Federal Court, and ex officio, member of the Federal Court of Appeal, and then Judge of the Court Martial Appeal Court of Canada, April 27, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5892829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892829" title="Uka">
Uka

Uka () was a rural locality (a "selo") in Karaginsky District of Koryak Autonomous Okrug, Soviet Union, located near the mouth of the Uka River, on the shore of the Bering Sea. It was served by Uka Airport. The village was abolished on December 13, 1974 as depopulated.

</doc>
<doc id="5892832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892832" title="La straniera">
La straniera

La straniera ("The Stranger Woman") is an opera in two acts with music by Vincenzo Bellini to an Italian libretto by Felice Romani, based on the novel "L'étrangère" ("Il solitario") of 1825 by Charles-Victor Prévot, vicomte d'Arlincourt, although writer Herbert Weinstock also adds that it is "more likely on a dramatization of novel in Italian by Giovan Carlo, barone di Cosenza" since he then quotes a letter from Bellini to his friend Francesco Florimo in which he says that Romani "certainly will not follow the play" then that they were aware of its existence. 
The opera was composed in the autumn of 1828 and premiered on 14 February 1829 at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan.
Composition history.
Historical background
At the heart of the plot of this opera is a complicated series of historical events beginning at the end of the twelfth century. King Philip Augustus of France (Philip II of France) married the Danish princess Ingeborg in 1193. For unknown reasons, he separated from her the day after the wedding and sought an annulment from Pope Celestine III. Ingeborg, however, insisted that the marriage had been consummated, and that she was his wife and the rightful Queen of France. Philip ultimately obtained an annulment through an assembly of French bishops. He then sought to marry Marguerite, daughter of William I, Count of Geneva, but she was kidnapped on the way to Paris by Thomas I of Savoy, who married her instead. Ultimately, in 1196 Philip married Agnes of Merania ("la straniera"), the daughter of a nobleman, Bertold IV of Dalmatia. Denmark continued to complain about Philip's treatment of Ingeborg and in 1200 Pope Innocent III required Philip to take her back, rendering him essentially a bigamist and subject to excommunication. Agnes died in 1201, however, ending the threat of excommunication.
Bellini and his librettist Romani took tremendous liberties with this already unusual story and devised a plot where the King, in order to resolve the problem of his double marriage, sends Agnes to live at a cottage on Lake Montolino. Philip then sends her brother to watch over her secretly, masquerading under the name Valdeburgo. Agnes has assumed the name of Alaide and hides under a veil. Count Arturo has fallen in love with her, in spite of his engagement to Isoletta, daughter of the Duke of Montolino. At this point the opera begins.
Performance history.
19th century performances
The opera was first performed at La Scala, Milan on 14 February 1829, with Henriette Méric-Lalande and Domenico Reina in the leading roles. Alessandro Sanquirico designed the stage sets, and it was presented on a triple bill, along with the ballets "Boundelmonte" and "L'avviso ai maritati".
Within Italy it received performances in over 50 cities until Turin in 1866: these included a revival at Milan's La Scala plus in Bologna (1836 with Carolina Ungher), Florence and Regio di Calabria (1840), Brescia (August 1850), Milan again (1857), and then Turin 1866.
Abroad, it was first presented in Vienna (1831), Paris, (1832), London (23 June 1832), New York (10 November 1834), Lisbon (1835), and Madrid as "La estranjera" (January 1850).
20th century and beyond
The opera was revived in 1954 in Bellini's hometown of Catania and it was revived again in 1968 at the Teatro Massimo in Palermo, with Renata Scotto in the title role.
Since the 1970s the opera has made several appearances within Europe with Scotto again performing in Venice in 1970 with conductor Ettore Gracis, while in 1969 a concert performance at Carnegie Hall featured Montserrat Caballé under the baton of Anton Guadagno. Recordings exist of all three of these presentations. Another production in Catania, with Elena Souliotis in the major role, was given at the Teatro Massimo in 1971.
In the 1980s, a recording exists of a concert performance in the Cour Jacques Coeur in Montpellier in August 1989. There was also a performance that year as part of the Spoleto Festival USA given in the Gaillard Auditorium, Charleston, USA on 26 May with Carol Neblett in the major role.
In December 1990, the Teatro Verdi di Trieste presented the opera and that was followed in 1993 with another concert performance at Carnegie Hall, starring Renée Fleming, presented by the Opera Orchestra of New York.
A complete concert performance was given in November 2007 in London, with Patrizia Ciofi (as Alaide), Dario Schmunck (Arturo), and Mark Stone (Valdeburgo) in the principal roles, conducted by David Parry with the London Philharmonic Orchestra and a complete studio recording was made with these forces the same week.
Only occasional modern-day performances continue to be given. In November 2012, the opera was given in concert in Baden-Baden with Edita Gruberova as Alaida and José Bros as Arturo di Raventel. The Zurich Opera presented the opera in June/July and again in September/October 2013. The Alaida for these performances was Gruberova with staging by Chritoph Loy.
Concert performances were given in Marseille in late October/November 2013 with Patrizia Ciofi as Alaida. The Theater an der Wien in Vienna will be presenting this opera on 14 January 2015, also directed by Loy and also with Edita Gruberova in the cast.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
"Scene 1"
A wedding chorus proclaims the upcoming wedding of Isoletta, daughter of Montolino, to Count Arturo of Ravenstal. Isoletta fears her Arturo's changed attitude toward her. She tells Baron Valdeburgo that she believes Arturo has fallen in love with a mysterious woman living as a hermit in a hut by the lake. In the distance a crowd is heard following "la straniera" on the lake shore, cursing her as a witch. Count Montolino shares his daughter Isoletta's concerns, but is reassured by his friend Osburgo who promises to bring Arturo to his senses.
"Scene 2"
Arturo is at the hut of "la straniera" Alaide. He desires to know the identity of this mysterious woman. Inside the hut he sees a portrait of her dressed in royal robes, wearing jewels. Alaide enters and chastises Arturo for entering her hut. She tells him she will reveal nothing about her past and begs him never to return. She does, however, admit to an attraction to Arturo. She sends him away, warning that his persistence will be their ruin.
"Scene 3"
During a hunting expedition, Osburgo and Valdeburgo encounter Arturo. Osburgo begs him to return for his wedding to Isoletta. Arturo refuses, asking Valdeburgo to meet his true love. Arturo promises he will never see her again if Valdeburgo judges her unworthy. Valdeburgo, upon seeing Alaide, hails her and almost calls out her real name, but Alaide stops him. Valdeburgo tells Arturo that—for reasons he cannot reveal—Arturo must renounce any intentions toward Alaide. She cannot ever marry Arturo. Thinking Valdeburgo is his rival for Alaide's affections, Arturo attacks him with his sword. Alaide intervenes and begs Arturo to leave. She agrees to see him again—if for the last time.
"Scene 4"
Arturo, still mistakenly crazy with jealousy directed at Valdeburgo, is further infuriated when Osburgo tells him that he has overheard Valdeburgo and Alaide planning to flee together. Arturo duels with Valdeburgo who is wounded by Arturo's sword and falls in the lake. Alaide then appears and Arturo curses her. Alaide reveals that Valdeburgo is actually her brother. Arturo jumps in the lake in an effort to save Valdeburgo. A crowd attracted by the shouting finds Alaide standing with Arturo's bloody sword. They accuse her of murdering Valdeburgo and drag her off as a prisoner.
Act 2.
"Scene 1"
Alaide is brought to trial. Osburgo testifies against her. The presiding Priore (Prior) asks her name, and she responds only "la straniera." The Prior feels that he has heard her voice before. Arturo rushes in and proclaims her innocence and confesses his own guilt. However, Valdeburgo suddenly appears as well to announce that Arturo is innocent. The Prior again demands Alaide's name, which she refuses to reveal. But she does agree to lift her veil for the Prior. He gasps upon seeing her face and sends her off with Valdeburgo. Arturo is left alone, while the Prior chastises Osburgo for his false testimony against Alaide.
"Scene 2"
Arturo comes to beg Alaide's forgiveness and confess his love. But he encounters Valdeburgo outside her hut. Valdeburgo again pleads with Arturo to desist in his attentions toward Alaide. Arturo reluctantly agrees to return to marry Isoletta, but asks that Alaide attend his wedding so he can see her one last time. Valdeburgo agrees.
"Scene 3"
Isoletta, truly unhappy and understandably feeling ignored and unloved, prepares for her wedding. The wedding party appears. Valdeburgo tells Arturo that Alaide is present, but hidden. Arturo behaves badly toward Isoletta who threatens to stop the wedding. Alaide, Valdeburgo, Arturo and Isoletta all weep over their respective torments. Isoletta finally renounces Arturo. Alaide suddenly reveals herself and begs Isoletta to continue with the wedding, and starts to rush out of the church. Arturo abandons Isoletta at the altar and begs Alaide to run off with him. The Prior then announces to all that Alaide is in fact Queen Agnes. What's more, the Prior has just learned that the Queen's rival for the throne has died and she must now return to Paris. Arturo, rendered mad by this news, throws himself on his sword. Isoletta falls on his dead body. La Straniera/Alaide/Agnes must now return to fulfill her duty as Queen, abandoning all hope of personal happiness.
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5892834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892834" title="Toivola">
Toivola

Toivola may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5892835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892835" title="Richard Mitchelson Campbell">
Richard Mitchelson Campbell

Richard Mitchelson Campbell (28 August 1897 – 17 November 1974), often known as Dick Campbell, was a New Zealand economist, civil servant (holding the position of Chairman of the Public Service Commissioner), and diplomat. He served as Acting High Commissioner to the United Kingdom in 1958 following five years as the official secretary.
He was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in the 1953 Coronation Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="5892842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892842" title="Plješevica (disambiguation)">
Plješevica (disambiguation)

Plješevica can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5892847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892847" title="Fred T. Perris">
Fred T. Perris

Fred Thomas Perris (January 2, 1837 – May 12, 1916) was Chief Engineer of the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe Railroad, who oversaw the construction of the last leg of the 2nd Transcontinental Railroad from Barstow, California through El Cajon Pass and down to San Bernardino and Los Angeles, a task that employed six thousand laborers, and is still in use by BNSF Railway and Union Pacific Railroad He also laid, track from Riverside, California to San Diego, California laying out a series to town sites along the track, one of which, Perris, California was named in his honor. The city of Perris, California, a station on the California Southern Railroad, was named in his honor.
Youth and education.
Frederick Thomas Perris (January 2, 1837 – May 12, 1916) was born in Gloucester, England. At age 12 his parents emigrated to Australia where he was apprenticed to an architect/mechanic. At age 16 he moved again with his mother and sisters, settling in the Mormon colony at San Bernardino, California, where he was employed as the chain boy on the crew that surveyed and subdivided that city. 
Four years later, when the colony collapsed the family moved to Utah, where they learned his father, rather than join the Mormons, had sold his assets in Australia, returned to England and died. He proceeded to England to settle his father's estate. During the two years that required, he was employed as an apprentice in the new technology of photography. Returning to America with his 'childhood sweetheart' as his bride, he proceeded to Salt Lake City, Utah, where he attempted, apparently without much success, to sell his wares as a photographer.
Career.
Utah.
In 1863, at age 26, he was hired to survey and subdivide land for a city named Perris, Idaho (later renamed "Paris"). That landed him a position surveying a route for the transcontinental railroad across Utah; but he lost his job in a labor dispute with Brigham Young. He worked for a number of years as a haberdasher, and involved himself in radical politics. He was one of the founders of the Liberal Party of Utah, running for a seat on the city council. Although the party was defeated 20 to 1 in the election, it was a milestone in that it was the first multi-party election in territorial history.
Perris was one of the founders of the "Salt Lake Tribune", originally designed to be the voice of the party; but which has since evolved into the largest newspaper in the state. For two years in its infancy he ran the paper. His was the only name on the masthead during a time when resentment was high against a dissenting opinion against the dominant religion. Then in 1874 he abruptly resigned, sold the paper to a half dozen outsiders, and moved to San Bernardino where he spent the remaining forty years of his life.
Southern California.
Surveyor.
In the first year he attempted to establish a newspaper in Southern California; but then was offered the job as the San Bernardino County Surveyor. In that capacity he surveyed the largest county (in terms of land area) of the United States, which included much of the Mojave Desert, part of Death Valley, and all the San Bernardino Mountains. He laid out sites for reservoirs and laid the foundations for the water system that now supplies the Inland Empire. 
Railroads.
When railroads came to the area he first went to work as Chief Engineer of the California Southern Railroad, a company chartered to build a rail line between San Diego on the coast and Barstow in the desert. When it was taken over in a merger, he advanced to Chief Engineer of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. In 1895 he oversaw the construction of the railroad through the difficult Cajon Pass, between the San Gabriel Mountains and San Bernardino Mountains east to the Mojave Desert. It is a route that is still in use by BNSF Railway and Union Pacific Railroad, and the pass by the Interstate 15 highway. Perris held the Chief Engineer position with Santa Fe for 35 years.
Perris was married to Marrinetta E. Perris, and they had a son named Walter. The 1910 census lists their residence in San Bernardino, California. Perris died in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="5892850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892850" title="The Australia Institute">
The Australia Institute

The Australia Institute is an Australian think tank conducting public policy research, funded by grants from philanthropic trusts, memberships and commissioned research.
The institute began in 1994 in order to construct and commission research and policy analysis on public debates and political and social issues and trends. The Institute seeks government, business or union grants to conduct research and analysis. The Institute is based in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.
The current Executive Director is economist Richard Denniss. Denniss's immediate predecessor was Clive Hamilton.
Philosophy.
The institute is considered left leaning and describes itself as "the country’s most influential progressive think tank" as well as saying that:
"The Institute is determined to push public debate beyond the simplistic question of whether markets or governments have all the answers to more important questions: When does government need to intervene in the market? When should it stand back? And when regulation is needed, what form should it take?"
Research.
The institute's researchers are prominent commentators on public policy issues, including work on climate change and emissions trading, taxation policy, paid parental leave and unemployment. The institute is also known for its work on health, consumer affairs and trade practices.
Climate change.
The institute is active in promoting global warming mitigation measures, and has been critical of the Australian federal government's perceived lack of action on climate change. The institute was critical of the Howard Government's decision to refuse to ratify the Kyoto Protocol. It claims that the former Prime Minister and some senior ministers deny the scientific evidence for global warming and that the resources sector drives government energy policy. Leaked minutes of a meeting between the Energy Minister, the Prime Minister and fossil fuel lobbyists provide evidence for these claims.
The institute has been active in promoting renewable energy development, and other mitigation measures, and it has campaigned strongly against developing a nuclear industry in Australia.
More recently, the institute has provided a critique of the proposed Australian emissions trading scheme (or Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme), based on concerns that the proposed scheme failed to adequately take into account voluntary action.
Media regulation.
The Australia Institute was sued by retail department store David Jones for allegedly engaging in misleading and deceptive conduct: "David Jones Ltd v The Australia Institute Ltd" FCA 962. David Jones objected to a media release by the Australia Institute entitled "Corporate paedophilia – Sexualising children by advertising and marketing". The press release contained the statements: "It is particularly disturbing that this exploitation of young children appears to be becoming accepted or mainstream. Major retail chains such as David Jones and Myer have jumped on the bandwagon. When family department stores show no conscience on these issues, or are inured to the effects of their behaviour, the situation is very unhealthy." David Jones claimed that this statement contained a number of misleading and deceptive representations - including that "David Jones eroticises children in order to obtain profits". The matter was later settled.
Mandatory internet filter.
Electronic Frontiers Australia criticised the Australia Institute for its proposal for mandatory filtering of Internet Access by Internet service providers, which in 2008 become policy of the Federal Government:
"The proposed implementation of system... would block innocuous and educational information and infringe Internet users' privacy."
Funding.
The Australia Institute is funded by memberships, donations from philanthropic trusts and individuals, and commissioned research. It has no formal political or commercial ties. The Institute states that it "is in a position to maintain its independence while advancing a vision for a fair and progressive Australia."
The institute has been largely funded by the Poola Foundation and the Treepot Foundation - philanthropic organisations run by the Kantors, an offshoot of Rupert Murdoch's family
Directors.
Former board members include:

</doc>
<doc id="5892851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892851" title="St Thomas's Hospital Medical School">
St Thomas's Hospital Medical School

St Thomas's Hospital Medical School in London was one of the oldest and most prestigious medical schools in the UK. The school was absorbed to form part of King's College London.
History.
It was part of St Thomas' Hospital which was established in 1173. According to historical records "St Thomas's Hospital Medical School" was founded in about 1550. It was admitted as a school of the University of London in 1900 but remained a constituent part of "St Thomas' Hospital" until 1948 when it formally became part of the university. In 1982 it merged with the medical school at Guy's Hospital to form the United Medical and Dental Schools of Guy's and St Thomas' Hospitals. In turn UMDS was absorbed by King's College London School of Medicine and Dentistry, but the dentists have since been split out into The Dental Institute.
Name.
Unlike the hospital which in recent times dropped the possessive "s", the medical school continued with the original spelling.
Famous alumni.
Famous alumni include

</doc>
<doc id="5892853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892853" title="Parker Library, Corpus Christi College">
Parker Library, Corpus Christi College

The Parker Library is the rare books and manuscripts library of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. It is known throughout the world due to its invaluable collection of over 600 manuscripts, particularly medieval texts, the majority of which were bequeathed to the College by Archbishop Matthew Parker.
Collection.
The library houses a significant proportion of all extant Anglo-Saxon manuscripts, including the earliest copy of the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" (c. 890), the Old English Bede, and King Alfred’s translation of "Pastoral Care" (a manual for priests), as well as the Latin St. Augustine Gospels, one of the oldest bound books in existence. The collection also includes key Middle English texts, such as the "Ancrene Wisse", the "Brut Chronicle" and Geoffrey Chaucer's "Troilus and Criseyde". Other items include medieval travelogues and maps, apocalypses, bestiaries, one of the oldest pieces of extant written music, and illuminated manuscripts, such as the "Bury Bible" (c. 1135) and the "Chronica Majora" by Matthew Paris (c. 1250). A full, alphabetised catalogue is available here.
Its most prestigious possession is the St Augustine Gospels, believed to have been brought to England by the Augustinian mission, sent by Pope Gregory I to convert the people of Britain in AD 598. The Gospels are still used in the enthronement of the Archbishops of Canterbury today and are transported to and from Canterbury for this occasion by the Master and college representatives.
Although exhibitions of some of the materials are periodically held, access to the full collection of manuscripts held in Corpus Christi College is limited to scholars. The public are able to see some of the treasures of the library at open days, notably during the annual "Open Cambridge" event, or, since the addition of the vault and new learning facilities on the ground floor has freed up room in the original library, on private tours. 
History.
The collection was begun in 1376, shortly after the College's founding, and much improved by a bequest from Matthew Parker in 1574, the college's Master between 1544 and 1553. He served as chaplain to Anne Boleyn, Vice-Chancellor of Cambridge University, and Archbishop of Canterbury from 1559–1575. It was during this time that he formed a fine collection of manuscripts, salvaged from the libraries of dissolved monasteries. Parker one of the architects of the Elizabethan Settlement and the modern Church of England, keenly interested in collecting and preserving manuscripts from Anglo-Saxon England as evidence of an ancient English-speaking church independent of Rome. Parker wished to demonstrate an apostolic succession for the English Church. The original gift from Parker consisted of about 480 manuscripts and around 1000 printed books spanning the 6th–16th centuries.
As early as the sixteenth century, this collection was recognised as a unique treasure, and Parker did not bequeath it without any strings. Within the terms of his endowment, Parker stated that if any more than a certain number of books were lost, the rest of the collection would pass first to Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge and then (in the event of any more losses) to Trinity Hall, Cambridge. Every few years, representatives from both of those colleges ceremonially inspect the collection for any losses. Parker placed a similar condition on the silver that he also bequeathed to the college, and these stipulations are part of the reason that Corpus Christi College retains to this day the entirety of the library and the silver collection, as they were unable to sell off (or melt down) the less valuable parts of either collection without losing both.
The collection has been housed in the Wilkins' Room, along the length of the south side of New Court within the College, since 1827. The ground floor, which was until 2006 the college's student library, has been converted into a temperature-controlled, fire-proof vault and separate reading room for visiting academics.
The current librarian is Christopher de Hamel, elected to be the first Donnelley Fellow Librarian in 2000. In 2004 the College established "The Friends of The Parker Library", a small subscription-based club in order to raise money and secure the future of the Library.
Parker Library on the Web.
The Parker Library on the Web project is a joint venture run by Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, Cambridge University Library and Stanford University Libraries in the United States of America. The main goal of the project is to digitise all of the medieval manuscripts in the Parker Library and to be the first project that seeks to make an entire library publicly accessible on the web. The project is funded by the Mellon Foundation.
The initial phase of the project began in the summer of 2003, when the first two manuscripts, MSS 16 and 26, were digitised. These images were available as an initial prototype. A feasibility study was conducted during the early months of 2005 and the main project began at the end of 2005. The images were made by Cambridge University Library imaging staff, working at Corpus Christi College. The project has digitised the 538 manuscripts described in M. R. James' "Descriptive Catalogue of the Manuscripts in the Parker Library, Corpus Christi College" (Cambridge University Press, 1912) creating a subscription-only interactive web application in which the manuscript page images can be used by scholars and students in the context of editions, translations and secondary sources. A very small number of these are printed books, mistakenly catalogued as manuscripts in the 18th century, and so were excluded. Additionally, there are a few manuscripts with paper pages which are badly damaged by moisture, or those with very fragile bindings, which at present cannot be successfully imaged in their totality. Exterior images were made of the present bindings of each manuscript. Additional information drawn from the supplemental hand-list by Richard Vaughan and John Fines of 1960 and descriptive material provided by the Parker Library for any manuscripts acquired more recently.
Completed in 2010, the process involved the digitisation of over 200,000 separate pages. A beta version, although incomplete and with some errors, is currently available free to all registered users.

</doc>
<doc id="5892861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892861" title="Myrmica cadusa">
Myrmica cadusa

Myrmica cadusa is a species of ant. "Myrmica cadusa" differs from similar ants in the genus "Myrmica" by the external shape of the antennal socket, which is jar shaped. They forage on the ground surface. "Myrmica" are unique from other types of ants in many ways. These are their oval head, rounded clypeus, prominent frontal lobes and in most species, a strongly developed propodeal spine with two large nodes.
Features.
Its body is a dark red/brown colour. The mandibles, antennae and legs are light brown, with long furrows which are brownish yellow with erect hairs all over it. The head is dark-reddish/brown and the same length as width. They have six black teeth, which get larger towards the end. Its eyes are dark brown and protruded. The antennae are 12 segments with an indistinct club of four segments. Antennal lobes with distinct jar because of frontal lobes connected by protrudent clypeus posterior margin. The thorax is dark-reddish/brown the same as the head.

</doc>
<doc id="5892862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892862" title="Boleč">
Boleč

Boleč (Serbian Cyrillic: Болеч) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in the municipality of Grocka.
Location.
Boleč is located 17 km east of the Belgrade, near the road of "Smederevski put" which connects Belgrade and Smederevo. One of the branches of the Bolečica river flows through the settlement and givs its name to it (its derived from Serbian words for "bol" (pain) and "leči(ti)" (to cure), so it means the "water that heals the pain").
Population.
For decades, population of Boleč was growing slowly but steadily. Since the mid-1970s however, the settlement (classified as the rural one, the village) is experiencing accelerated growth which continues until today, with large number of refugees from Bosnia, Croatia and Kosovo settling in this area. Originally south of the "Smederevski put", as the settlement was growing it reached the road and connected to other surrounding villages (Ritopek, Vinča, Leštane), so today it makes one built-up area all the way to Belgrade. Population of Boleč:
Economy.
Until late 1970s and early 1980s economy of Boleč was based on agriculture, especially on fruit growing as the one of major Serbian fruit regions begins here and stretches to Smederevo, 35 km to the east. Since then, a boom in privately owned small companies boosted the economy and attracted new population to migrate in the settlement. The only large company is the branch of PKB, agricultural company, with fruit plantations and huge refrigerators ("PKB - Voćarske plantaže").
Sports and culture.
Boleč is the home for the FK Boleč football club that competes in lower ranks of Belgade football.
Also, locally very known folk dance ensemble "KUD Boleč" (Cultural-artistic society Boleč) (Serbian: Kulturno-umetničko društvo Boleč) origins from this settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="5892874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892874" title="One Buck Short">
One Buck Short

One Buck Short (shortened to OBS) is a Malaysian punk rock band from Kuala Lumpur.
History.
The band was founded by Hafiz and Rahul during their high school. One Buck Short began playing shows at school events and "battle of the bands" competitions before coming out in the local scene. The band performed in several concerts as the opening act for many international bands, including Fall Out Boy in Singapore and Good Charlotte, Panic at the Disco, My Chemical Romance and Sum 41 in Kuala Lumpur. As well as opening for major acts, they have also been featured alongside other prominent acts at the 2007 SingFest music festival in Singapore, acts including Gym Class Heroes, Avenged Sevenfold and MxPx. They also appeared in local shows such as Rock the World IV, Rock the World V as well as the Asian X Games.
Songs.
Their debut single, "That Day" from their EP "Where Is The Mouse?!", broke into the Malaysian Top 10 charts on the Hitz.fm radio station. One Buck Short also wrote the song "Christmas Morning" for a charity (MusicCanteen Christmas) album. The band was also nominated as the Best Newcomer artist in the first ever Hitz.FM Malaysian English Top 10 awards in 2004.
In 2006, the band was nominated for "Best Rock" and "Best Live Act" for the Malaysian English Top 10 Awards held on December 10, 2006. The first single of the band's debut album ("Halal & Loving It"), "Fast Times", had significant airplay on Malaysian English radio. Later over 2007, the band released the singles Kelibat Korupsi, an entirely Malay song about Corruption in Malaysia and .
In 2009, the band released a new song called "Wait for It (Revolution)" and organised a free rock concert called "Rockaway".
One Buck Short has also been invited to play 2 shows in Sydney, Australia in September 2009.
Halal & Loving It.
Halal & Loving It is the band's debut album released under Homegrown Recordings and Universal Malaysia. It was first released in their native Klang Valley and then to neighboring states and finally to other places. The band have changed the cover graphics dramatically since they announced its release but the theme remained the same.

</doc>
<doc id="5892883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892883" title="Klos, Mat">
Klos, Mat

Klos is a small city in Mat, central Albania.
In 2004, the city had an approximate population of 10,000. Klos lies 28.5 kilometers (17¾ mi) 'as the crow flies' from Tirana and 14 kilometers (9 mi) from Burrel. Klos has had a football team named Harketari Klos KF which has never reached the Albanian top flight. 

</doc>
<doc id="5892884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892884" title="Tolleson">
Tolleson

Tolleson can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5892899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892899" title="Resistance (Alove for Enemies album)">
Resistance (Alove for Enemies album)

"Resistance" is an album from Christian hardcore band, Alove for Enemies' on Facedown Records album. The album was produced and engineered by Dean Baltulonis.

</doc>
<doc id="5892903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892903" title="Myrmica colax">
Myrmica colax

Myrmica colax is a species of ant, originally described by Cole as "Paramyrmica colax". Until now, it is only known from its type locality in the Davis Mountains, Texas, USA. He found "M. colax" in a "M. striolagaster" colony and considers the two species quite similar in morphology. This suggests "M. colax" might be an inquiline.

</doc>
<doc id="5892911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892911" title="Tolley">
Tolley

Tolley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5892916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892916" title="Carl Berendsen">
Carl Berendsen

Sir Carl August Berendsen (16 August 1890 – 12 September 1973) was a New Zealand civil servant and diplomat. He was the creator of the Department of External Affairs, and collaborated with Michael Joseph Savage. He was Secretary for External Affairs 1928–32, Head of the Prime Minister's Department 1932–43, and Secretary of the War Cabinet 1939–43. He attended all Imperial Conferences 1926–43, and assemblies of the League of Nations and later the United Nations.
Berendsen served as the country's first High Commissioner to Australia, from 1943 until 1944. He was then transferred to Washington, D.C., where he served as Minister to the United States between 1944 and 1952.
He was born in Sydney, Australia, and educated (LLM) at Victoria University College. Berendsen served with New Zealand forces in Samoa in World War I. 
In 1935, he was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal. He was knighted in 1946.
He was a New Zealand cricketer who played four first-class matches for Wellington.

</doc>
<doc id="5892921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892921" title="Programme for Rebuilding and Improving Existing Schools">
Programme for Rebuilding and Improving Existing Schools

Programme for Rebuilding and IMproving Existing schools (Abbreviation: PRIME; ) is a programme initiated by the Ministry of Education in 1999 to upgrade and rebuild school buildings in Singapore.
Flexible School Infrastructure (FlexSI).
Under this framework, school infrastructure is made more flexible to support teaching approaches that better engage students, thus giving schools more room to innovate in teaching and learning.
For example, the schools could have modular classrooms that can be opened up for larger group lectures, or partitioned for smaller group discussions; special-purpose rooms could be designed such that multiple usage of such rooms can be made possible; common areas such as corridors and study areas could be designed such that they can be expanded learning spaces.
Implementation of PRIME.
Phasing.
Launched in May 1999, PRIME was estimated to cost S$4.5 billion and is implemented in phases. As of September 2007, 243 schools have been included in the earlier nine phases of PRIME. Of these, 207 schools have completed their upgrading. To date, S$2.374 billion had been spent on this programme.
On-site rebuilding and upgrading.
Where feasible, a school will remain on-site while construction work is carried out for either upgrading or rebuilding. Otherwise it will move to the temporary holding school while upgrading or rebuilding is carried out at its present site.
Relocation.
Where a vacant site is available, the new school will be built on this site. The school will relocate to the new site once the school building is ready.
Mergers.
To optimise the use of resources, schools may merge and be relocated. Such merger of schools may sometimes allow for a greater exchange of expertise and policies to provide a higher quality of education, as was the case of the merger of Ang Mo Kio North Primary School, Li Hua Primary School and Hong Dao Primary School. The three schools merged in January 2000 to be known as Anderson Primary School and was successfully validated through an External Validation, just one year after the merger, under the School Excellence Model.

</doc>
<doc id="5892927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892927" title="Dian Sastrowardoyo">
Dian Sastrowardoyo

Diandra Paramita Sastrowardoyo (born 16 March 1982), more popularly known as Dian Paramita Sastro or Dian Sastrowardoyo, is an Indonesian model and actress. 
In 1996, she was the cover girl of "Gadis", a teen magazine in Indonesia. She later became popular as Daya, the protagonist in "Pasir Berbisik" ("Whispering Sand"). Dian finally kick-started her career on the big screen with a starring role in the boxoffice hit (In Indonesia and Malaysia) "Ada Apa Dengan Cinta (AADC) (What's Up With Love? (film))". Since then she has established herself as one of Indonesia's most bankable actresses, starring in films such as, "Banyu Biru", "Ungu Violet" and "Belahan Jiwa." as well as foreign movies such as, Puteri Gunung Ledang, which was produced in Malaysia.
Recent television appearances include playing Raya in "Dunia Tanpa Koma" and a brief stint as the host of the game show "Kuis Super Milyarder Tiga Milyar".
In 2010, Sastrowardoyo starred in "", produced by Dalton Alka Cinema, a film company from Turkey. "Fana" was scheduled to appear early 24 December 2010, the sixth anniversary of 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami, however it was banned in Aceh because of sexual themes. In the film, Sastrowardoyo tested her acting skill with her portrayal of Gayo, a blind Muslim transgender who falls in love with her brother Azzam, played by Dude Harlino. In addition to Harlino, Dian was also paired with characters played by Christine Hakim and Deddy Mizwar.
Another recent film was "Cintaku Di Kabut Toba" or "Love in Fog Toba," directed by Chaerul Umam. In this film, Dian worked for the fourth time with the actor Nicholas Saputra, after they scored a huge success in "Ada Apa Dengan Cinta?", "3 Doa 3 Cinta", and "Drupadi". "Cintaku Di Kabut Toba" recounts the story of Seruni, a famous actress, who ran away from the noisy world of entertainment, to a remote village in Toba, North Sumatra. Seruni meets Samosir, played by Saputra, which changes drastically Seruni's life. They then fell in love. However Seruni suddenly disappeared, and returned to Jakarta without saying good-bye to Samosir. Apparently Seruni had Alzheimer's disease. They later reunited ten years later in very different conditions
Family.
Sastrowardoyo is the daughter and only child of the late Ariawan Sastrowardoyo (1955–1995) and Dewi Parwati Sastrowardoyo (née Setyorini). Her paternal grandparents are the late Dr. Sumarsono Sastrowardoyo, a retired physician and surgeon (and author of the memoir "Kembali ke Uteran (Return to Uteran)"), and the late Ina Sastrowardoyo. 
She is a niece of Dr. Aswin W. Sastrowardoyo (b. 1957), currently a physician and formerly guitarist and singer with Chaseiro, a music group of the 1970s and 80s; and Lisa Damayanti Sastrowardoyo (b. 1962). She is also the grandniece of, among others, Sunario (1902–1997), Indonesia's minister of foreign affairs from 1953 to 1956; Dra. Sukanti Suryochondro, a former instructor in women's studies at the University of Indonesia; and Subagio Sastrowardoyo (1924–1995), a noted poet and literary critic.
A screenplay based on "Kembali ke Uteran" is in the works, with plans for Sastrowardoyo to play her own great-grandmother in the film adaptation.
Sastrowardoyo's family name is derived from "sastra" (Sanskrit, "writings") and "wardaya" (Sanskrit, "heart"), so literally means "writings of the heart."
Her paternal great-grandfather, Sutejo Sastrowardoyo (1878–1967), traced the family's ancestry back to 15th century Java.
Spouse.
Dian Sastrowardoyo is married to businessman and car racer Indraguna Sutowo on 18 May 2010. Indraguna Sutowo also known as the son of tycoon Adiguna Sutowo.
Filmography.
Commercial TV.
Dian Sastrowardoyo is the most popular TV commercial model in Indonesia
Music Videos.
Sastrowardoyo has appeared in these music videos: 

</doc>
<doc id="5892935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892935" title="Hello, I'm Johnny Cash">
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash

"Hello, I'm Johnny Cash" is the 33rd album released by country singer Johnny Cash on Columbia Records in 1970 (see 1970 in music). "If I Were a Carpenter", a famous duet with Cash's wife, June Carter Cash, earned the couple a Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal in 1971 (see Grammy Awards of 1971); the song also reached No. 2 on the Country charts. The album also includes "To Beat the Devil", the first Kris Kristofferson song covered by Cash; the two would later collaborate numerous times, most famously on "Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down". "See Ruby Fall" and "Blistered" were also released as singles, and the album itself reached No. 1 on the country charts and No. 6 on the pop charts. It was certified Gold on 1/29/1970 by the R.I.A.A. The album has been released on cd (Sony Music, Original Album Classics, along with "The Johnny Cash Show" and "Man In Black") and it has been made available on official download sites. This album is not to be confused with a (budget) best-of cd that has the same name.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5892937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892937" title="Beacon Hill, Warnford, Hampshire">
Beacon Hill, Warnford, Hampshire

Beacon Hill, Warnford, Hampshire is a chalk hill in the South Downs on the boundary of the parishes of Warnford and Exton. Part of the hill is a National Nature Reserve and biological SSSI, first notified in 1979. 
The hill
Location.
The hill lies to the west of the village of Warnford, to the west of the Meon Valley and opposite Old Winchester Hill. It gives a commanding view over the Hampshire Basin to the south, from the lower Itchen Valley and New Forest, the Solent and Isle of Wight and round to Portsdown Hill (over which the top of Portsmouth's Spinnaker Tower can be seen). On the western side the view takes in the Meon Valley including Meonstoke and West Meon, and the South Downs including Old Winchester Hill and Butser Hill. The spire of Privett church can be seen to the north.
The hill is crossed by two long distance footpaths, the South Downs Way and the Monarch's Way. Due to the fragile nature of the thin chalk soils there has been much controversy over routing. At present there are temporary routes to the north of the main summit via Warnford, and to the south via Exton. 
SSSI.
The site consists of the steep slopes of a chalk spur on the western side of the Meon valley, covered by chalk grassland, beech / ash / hazel woodland and chalk scrub. There are two separate parts, which are not joined to each other. The main section centred on consists of two divisions: of Beaconhill Beeches (mixed broadleaved and yew woodland), and of chalk grassland. The smaller, separate northern section (centred on ) is a strip of grassland on a north-facing slope of the northern of the hill's two eastern spurs.
The grassland at the site has sheep's fescue ("Festuca ovina"), salad burnet ("Sanguisorba minor") and common rock-rose ("Helianthemum nummularium") as its dominant species. Other species present are Horseshoe Vetch ("Hippocrepis comosa"), yellow-wort ("Blackstonia perfoliata"), fragrant orchid ("Gymnadenia conopsea") and clustered bellflower ("Campanula glomerata").
The grassland supports several rarer species - rampion ("Phyteuma tenerum"), field fleawort ("Senecio integrifolius"), hairy rock-cress ("Arabis hirsuta") and man orchid ("Aceras anthropophorum").
The site's butterfly fauna in mentioned as in its citation sheet. Twenty-five species are known to breed, including colonies of Silver-spotted Skipper and Duke of Burgundy, together with comparatively large populations of Brown Argus, Green Hairstreak, Chalkhill Blue, Marbled White and Dingy Skipper.
Geology.
Structure.
The structural picture is similar to that at Winchester to the west, with an east-west trending anticline in the upper chalk (the Winchester-East Meon Anticline) cut through by a south-flowing river to expose an inlier of middle and lower chalk. As with the Itchen, the upper Meon flows westwards along the fold trend, before swinging south to cut through the anticline. Beacon Hill at to the west of the Meon and Old Winchester Hill at to the east are remnants of the southward-dipping chalk on the southern side of the anticline. The anticline is somewhat domed, with the result that Old Winchester Hill is capped by older chalk than Beacon Hill despite being rather higher, whilst Wether Down and Butser Hill to the east are higher still.
Geomorphology.
Beacon Hill is a section of east-facing Upper Chalk escarpment. Both Beacon Hill and Old Winchester Hill have a claim to being the point at which the main north-facing scarp of the South Downs turns northwards around the western end of the Weald; Beacon Hill is lower, but represents a higher level within the chalk, and Old Winchester Hill is cut to the north by the upper Meon valley. Small suggests that the upper Meon (which like the upper Itchen flows east-west) was originally a headwater of the Itchen following the col to the north of Beacon Hill, before the south-flowing lower Meon cut back through the chalk.
The hill has been incised by a series of steep-sided semi-circular combes to the east, and deep dry valleys to the south and west. Between these several radiating spurs with minor roads and tracks meet near the summit.

</doc>
<doc id="5892969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892969" title="Party line (politics)">
Party line (politics)

In politics, the line or the party line is an idiom for a political party or social movement's canon agenda, as well as specific ideological elements specific to the organization's partisanship. The common phrase toeing the party line describes a person who speaks in a manner that conforms to his political party's agenda. Likewise, a party-line vote is one in which most or all of the legislators from each political party voted in accordance with that party's policies. In several countries, a whip attempts to ensure this.
The Marxist-Leninist concept (see General line of the party) of democratic centralism involves strict adherence to, and defense of, a communist party's positions in public, while in inner-party debate sessions, the line can be questioned, criticized, and changed if necessary. 
Used loosely, the phrase "the party line" may also refer to the non-party organizations such as religious groups, business offices, or social network a that may have a semi-official organizational policy or position that is unrelated to any political party.

</doc>
<doc id="5892970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892970" title="Party line (telephony)">
Party line (telephony)

In twentieth-century telephone systems, a party line (also multiparty line or shared service line) was an arrangement in which two or more customers were connected directly to the same local loop. Prior to and during World War II in the United States, party lines were the primary way residential subscribers acquired local telephone service. British users similarly benefited from the party line discount. Farmers in rural Australia used party lines, where a single line travelled miles from the nearest town out to one property then the next.
History.
Telephone companies have offered party lines since the late 1800s, advertising the service in newspapers of general circulation since at least 1897, although subscribers in all but the most rural areas have usually been offered the option to upgrade to private line at an additional monthly charge.
Party lines were widely used in Australia where sparsely populated remote properties are spread across large distances. These were operated by the Government Post Master General department.
In rural areas in the early twentieth century, additional subscribers and telephones were frequently connected to the single loop available, with numbers reaching into the several dozen, leading to extreme congestion. The completely non-private party lines were a cultural fixture of rural areas for many decades, and were frequently used as a source of entertainment and gossip, as well as a means of quickly alerting entire neighborhoods in case of emergencies such as fires, as written in "The Thorn Birds" by Colleen McCullough. 
In both world wars, rationing of strategic metals such as copper led to telephone companies connecting multiple subscribers to each line as a means to avoid the need for new individual local loops. This often led to congestion. Nearly three-quarters of Pennsylvania residential service in 1943 was party line, with users encouraged to limit calls to five minutes. Shortages persisted for a few years after each war; private lines in Montréal remained in short supply at the end of 1919, a year after the end of the Great War, and similar shortages were reported by telephone companies in Florida as late as 1948, three years after the end of World War II. Some rural users had to run their own wires to reach the utility's lines.
In December 1942, University of Tennessee's strategy in a US football game versus University of Mississippi was revealed to the opposing coach as a telephone on the Ole Miss team's bench had been inadvertently wired to the same party line. In May 1952, an alleged bookmaking operation in St. Petersburg, Florida was shut down after one month of operation in a rented storefront using a party line telephone. In June 1968, the conviction of three Winter Park, Florida men on bookmaking charges was overturned as police had used a party line telephone in a rented house on the same line as the suspects to unlawfully intercept their communications.
In 1956, Southern Bell officials refused a request from a public utilities commissioner in Jackson, Mississippi to segregate party telephone lines on racial boundaries.
Technological attempts to prevent party line calls being audible to every subscriber on the line began in the 1920s, becoming viable with the initial tests of transistorised pair gain devices in 1955.
Many areas have laws requiring a person engaged in a call on a party line to end the call immediately if another party needs the line for an emergency. These laws additionally provide penalties for falsifying an emergency situation to the parties in an existing telephone call, in order to gain access to a party line.
In May 1955, a Poughkeepsie, New York woman was convicted by a grand jury after her refusal to relinquish a party line delayed a volunteer firefighter's effort to report a grass fire; the fire destroyed a shed and a barn. She was given a suspended sentence. In June 1970, a sixteen-year old girl and a woman were charged after refusing to relinquish a party line to allow a distress call as three boys drowned in a pond in Walsenburg, Colorado.
Objections about one party monopolizing a multi-party line were the staple of complaints to telephone companies and letters to advice columnists for many years and eavesdropping on calls remained an ongoing concern.
By the 1980s, party lines were dying in most localities as they could not support subscriber-owned equipment such as answering machines and computer modems; the mechanical switching equipment required to make them operate was also being supplanted by electronic switching systems and later digital switches. The new telephone exchange equipment offered optional features such as call forwarding and call waiting which were profitable to telephone companies but were designed for private, not party, lines.
In 1971, Southern Bell had announced its first plans to begin phase-out of party lines in North Carolina. In 1989, the Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company replaced party lines with private lines in Talcott, West Virginia, a rural area which once had as many as sixteen subscribers on one line. In 1991, Southwestern Bell set out to replace all of its party lines in Texas with private lines by 1995. Woodbury, Connecticut's independent telephone company abandoned its last party lines in 1991, the last in that state to do so.
One of the reasons party lines stopped being used in the United States was that they were ineligible for Universal Service Fund subsidies; telephone companies converted them to private lines quickly once they became ineligible. Universities also began to phase out the systems, which were once common in student dormitories. Illinois State University hung up its last party line in 1990.
One of the last manual telephone exchanges which still used party lines in Australia was closed down in 1986 at the township of Collarenebri. In that town, most town residents had a telephone number of only three digits, and to make a call outside the exchange area it was necessary to call the exchange to place a call. For rural residents, many were on a single telephone line identified by a number and a property name, for example one party line was called Gundabluie 1 line. Each party on that single line was identified by a letter, and so to call that party, the exchange would be called and the number asked for would be Gundabluie 1 S for example. The exchange rang a distinct ring down the Gundabluie 1 line, signalling the party's corresponding letter in Morse code. This distinctive ring would alert all parties on the line who the call was for. Three short rings signified the call was for the party with the S letter and so on.
Selective ring.
Originally, in order to distinguish one line subscriber from another, operators developed different ringing cadences for the subscribers, so that if the call was for the first subscriber to the line, the ring would follow one pattern such as two short rings, if the call was for the second subscriber, the ring would sound another way, such as a short ring followed by a long one, and so on. Since all parties utilized the same line, it was possible for subscribers to listen in on other subscribers' calls. Frequently ringing phones were an annoyance, so selective ringing methods were introduced in the mid-twentieth century.
Especially effective on two-party lines was the distinction between "tip party" and "ring party". Each telephone bell, rather than being connected across tip and ring as usual, was connected from one wire to local ground. Thus only the selected station in a two party line would ring. For multiparty lines all the "tip parties" or all the "ring parties" would ring, in this semi-selective scheme. This system was also used in the United Kingdom where X and Y subscribers on an A&B wire system would be rung on B wire and earth for the X subscriber and on the A wire to earth in the case of the Y subscriber. The momentary earth condition to initiate a call by first getting dial tone would have a similar convention. Frequently, only sets that are owned and installed by the connecting telephone company are permitted on the party line; the phone's bell had to be configured and grounded by a technician for the appropriate ringing signal. An off-the-shelf telephone may ring for both lines if plugged into the party line.
Later, independent systems applied multiple ringing frequencies for fully selective ringing. (The Bell System eschewed frequency selective ringing.) The ringers in party-line phones were tuned to distinguish several different ringing signals so that only the desired party's phone would actually ring. In this arrangement the only inconvenience of a party line was occasionally finding the line in use (by hearing talking) when one picked up the phone to make a call. If one of the parties used the phone heavily, then the inconvenience for the others was more than occasional, as depicted in the 1959 comedy film "Pillow Talk".
Even for lines with selective ringing, calls to another party on the same party line, known as "reverting calls", required special equipment and procedures. One such piece of equipment allowed a user to hear the conversation on the line without interrupting the conversation.
Use on railways.
Party line usage was at one time common on railways, where numerous telephones were connected to a single pair of wires. Usually a long ring of many turns of the handle would alert the exchange that a connection was required to another destination. The problem of selective calling was also solved by a mechanical device which could selectively ring one or a group of stations.
Successors.
Modern telephone systems do in some cases use one copper pair as a shared medium on which to carry telephone service to multiple subscribers in a distant location. Various pair gain schemes allow time division multiplexing or frequency division multiplexing so that multiple calls are carried simultaneously on the same pair without interference. A distant suburb may have a subscriber loop carrier or digital loop carrier system in which cabinetised equipment is located near the subscribers to connect the multiple, individual phones to one common line back to a central office exchange. A single optical fibre can also be shared between multiple subscribers in fibre to the cabinet systems.
Digital wireless connections (such as cellular telephones or voice-over-IP running over rural wireless Internet) are also inherently a shared medium. A sufficiently high usage of simultaneous active connections will cause a mobile telephone network to become congested or voice transmitted by Internet telephony to break up unintelligibly. Operated within their capacity, these systems do give the illusion of a virtual private line as calls may be carried without mutual interference.
Party lines still in existence.
Party lines remain primarily in rural areas where local loops are long and private loops uneconomical when spread sparsely over a large area. Privacy is limited and congestion often occurs. In isolated communities, party lines have been used without any direct connection to the outside world.
One example of a community linked by party line is in Big Santa Anita Canyon high in the mountains above Los Angeles, near Sierra Madre, California, where 81 cabins, a group camp and a pack station all communicate by magneto-type crank phones. One ring is for the pack station, two rings for the camp and three rings means all cabins pick up.
In modern use, the term "party line" has occasionally been used to market conference bridge and voice bulletin board service, but these are not party lines in the original sense of the term as users call in using multiple, individual lines.

</doc>
<doc id="5892981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892981" title="Anne Linnet Band">
Anne Linnet Band

The Anne Linnet Band (formed 1980) is a Danish pop band featuring three female singers: Anne Linnet, Sanne Salomonsen and Lis Sørensen. Anne Linnet Band launched their first tour on March 27, 1980 in Skråen (Ålborg). Their greatest hits were "You're crazy", "Nothing left to move me" "Fly away" and "Det er ikke det du siger." (It ain't the way you treat me). During the last months of 1980 and the first months of 1981 and they were also touring in Germany which included several gigs in Hamburgs legendary "Onkel Pö´s Carnegie Hall" with the following musicians: Anne Linnet - vocals, rhodes & guitar, Lis Sorensen - Vocals & Keyboards, Sanne Salomonsen - Vocals, Bent Lundgaard - Keyboards, Jan Glaesel - trumpets, Holger Laumann - saxophones, Per Möller - Guitar, Flemming Ostermann - Basses & Vocals, Norman Fearrington - drums & percussion

</doc>
<doc id="5892993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5892993" title="Tonti">
Tonti

Tonti is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5893006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893006" title="Unofficial Buffy the Vampire Slayer productions">
Unofficial Buffy the Vampire Slayer productions

The fictional universe established by television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel" and the film "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" has been parodied or paid tribute to by a number of unofficial productions, most notably fan films and adult films.
Fan films.
Several notable fan films have been inspired by the Buffyverse. Although 20th Century Fox and its licensees are the only organizations legally allowed to create any commercial products with the name and trademark "Buffy" and "Angel", related fan films have become more common, as computer and digital technology has advanced, to allow films to be produced for less money. Furthermore the growth of the internet has allowed such films a way be distributed amongst a potentially wide audience. This has led to several productions which have received hundreds of thousands of downloads, an entry on Internet Movie Database, and at least some attention from external media. In 2006, the periodical technology magazine, "Wired" featured a two-page article about several of these films. These films include "Cherub", an internet series that parodies "Angel"; a machinima series produced by Foiled Productions; "Fluffy the English Vampire Slayer", a short film described as "one of the first widely watched Whedonverse fan films"; and "Forgotten Memories", an Australian production, written by Emma Paige Langley and directed by indie actor and director Darren K Hawkins. Buffy – The alliance, a French fan film by Lmpp Production is planned for shooting in May 2010.
Erotic parodies.
The huge success of the "Buffy" franchise led to a number of erotic parodies in comic and film formats. None of these stories were licensed by 20th Century Fox as official "Buffy" merchandise, and none would be considered Buffyverse canon. These parodies have included:
Books.
In 2007, French author Chloé Delaume wrote the gamebook "La nuit je suis Buffy Summers" (published by Éditions è®e), which is only loosely associated to the Buffyverse, and stems from the alternate reality shown in the episode "Normal Again". The reader/player takes on the role of an unnamed amnesiac psychiatric hospital patient, who escapes from her cell, is confronted with supernatural surroundings, and is involved in a plot to raise the ghost of Nietzsche's Zarathustra in order to enslave humanity.
The characters encountered during the adventure are avatars of the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" television series characters.
The author has claimed this is a work of fanfiction. The themes explored are those of the relative nature of reality, psychosis, and the morbid fascination for power of the French literary establishment.
Canonical and legal issues.
Joss Whedon has implied that materials associated with him are considered "official" and "canon". 20th Century Fox also grants licenses for companies to produce official "Buffy" and "Angel" merchandise, these include books, comics, novels, toys and so on.
Buffyverse fan films such as these are not licensed by Fox, and they are not closely associated with any of the crew from "Buffy/Angel".

</doc>
<doc id="5893008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893008" title="Constant-slope barrier">
Constant-slope barrier

A constant slope barrier is a traffic barrier made of reinforced concrete and designed with a single slope that is used to separate lanes of vehicular traffic. Its advantages compared to more complex shapes arise because its performance is not as affected by changes in the height of the roadbed during repaving.
The Texas Constant-Slope Barrier is high and has a constant slope face that makes an angle of 10.8 degrees with respect to the vertical. California has developed a constant slope barrier with an angle of 9.1 degrees with respect to the vertical. The Texas Constant-Slope barrier has performed similarly in crash tests to the Jersey barrier. The California design compared similarly to the F-Shape barrier in crash tests. 

</doc>
<doc id="5893022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893022" title="Mark Schorer">
Mark Schorer

Mark Schorer (May 17, 1908 – August 11, 1977) was an American writer, critic, and scholar born in Sauk City, Wisconsin.
Biography.
Schorer earned an MA at Harvard and his Ph.D. in English at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1936. During his academic career, he held positions at Dartmouth, Harvard, and the University of California, Berkeley, where he chaired the Department of English from 1960 to 1965. A leading critic of his time, he was best known for his work, "Sinclair Lewis: An American Life". Schorer was also the author of many short stories, which appeared in magazines such as "The New Yorker", "Harpers", "The Atlantic Monthly", and "Esquire".
Among his honors were three Guggenheim Fellowships, a Fulbright professorship at the University of Pisa and a fellowship at the Center for Advanced Study in Behavioral Sciences at Stanford. He also was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the most prestigious honor society for creative arts in the country. He is portrayed in the film "Howl" (2010) by Treat Williams.
Schorer died from a blood infection following bladder surgery in Oakland, California at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="5893025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893025" title="Toone">
Toone

Toone can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5893066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893066" title="Jack Watson">
Jack Watson

Jack Watson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5893069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893069" title="Thomas Webb">
Thomas Webb

Thomas Webb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5893070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893070" title="Torinal">
Torinal

Torinal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5893081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893081" title="Minibeast">
Minibeast

"Minibeast" or "Minibeasts" is a term for a variety of arthropods and other invertebrates, including spiders, ants, butterflies, bees, wasps, flies, woodlice and many others. The United Kingdom-based Young People's Charitable Trust defines them as "small animals" in a factsheet written for young readers [http://www.yptenc.org.uk/docs/factsheets/env_facts/minibeasts.html. There is a "Minibeast Zooseum" in Michigan dedicated to invertebrates[http://www.michigan.org/travel/detail.asp?m=2;4&p=G21702]. Minibeasts, as indicated by their name, are generally 'mini' or small.
The study of minibeasts is common as part of the primary school curriculum. Studying minibeasts is a very effective way to observe many biological concepts first hand, which is not possible with many larger animals. Life cycles, food chains, and bodily structure and function are just some of the basic elements of biological science which can be easily explained using minibeasts. "Bugs Alive!" at Melbourne Museum features a huge number of live minibeasts with detailed information about them, while services such as "Minibeast Wildlife" and "Travelbugs" [http://www.mini-beasts.com take live minibeast to schools and provide educational resources.

</doc>
<doc id="5893088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893088" title="Walter Kelsch">
Walter Kelsch

Walter Kelsch (born 3 September 1955) is a former German footballer].
The forward starts his career with TSV Busnau. Then he played for Stuttgarter Kickers and later on for VfB Stuttgart. In 246 Bundesliga matches he scored 54 goals. 
In France he played 78 matches (20 goals) for RC Strasbourg.
He also won four caps (1979 and 1980) for Germany, in which he scored three goals (including UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers against Turkey and Malta and two friendlies).

</doc>
<doc id="5893094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893094" title="Evenstar">
Evenstar

Evenstar is an old term for the "evening star" of astronomy, denoting the planet Venus or (less commonly) the planet Mercury.
It may also refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5893098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893098" title="Torrisdale, Argyll">
Torrisdale, Argyll

Torrisdale is a small village on the eastern coast of the Kintyre Peninsula of Scotland. The village is along Torrisdale Bay, an inlet of the Kilbrannan Sound. It is the location of Torrisdale Castle, a 19th-century castle that is now a tourist destination.

</doc>
<doc id="5893121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893121" title="Menzies Research Centre">
Menzies Research Centre

The Menzies Research Centre is an Australian public policy think tank. It is named for Sir Robert Menzies, Australia's longest-serving Prime Minister, and was founded in the centenary year of his birth, 1994.
The Centre "works to promote the principles of individual liberty, free speech, competitive enterprise, limited government and democracy". It is associated with, but independent of, the Liberal Party of Australia, of which Menzies was the founder, and which spans liberal and conservative thinking. The Centre publishes books and monographs, and organises conferences and seminars throughout the year. 
The Centre is supported financially by corporate and private sponsors and (along with other partisan think tanks) the federal Department of Finance and Regulation, who provided $229,105to the organisation in 2013. Their website displays logos of some of their principal corporate sponsors.
Its activities include:
The Directors of the Centre are:
Former Chairs have been:
Executive Directors of the Menzies Research Centre have been:
The work of the Menzies Research Centre is assisted by an Academic Advisory Council, including Associate Professor Hazel Bateman, Dr Amanda Bell, Professor Ross Babbage, Professor Jeff Bennett, Professor Geoffrey Brennan, Professor John Carroll, Professor Henry Ergas, Dr David Gow, Professor Ian Harper, Dr David Kemp, Professor Phil Lewis, Professor Ian McAllister, Associate Professor Gregory Melleuish, Dr Alex Robson, and Dr Jeremy Shearmur.

</doc>
<doc id="5893128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893128" title="Clifton Webb (politician)">
Clifton Webb (politician)

Sir Thomas Clifton Webb (8 March 1889 – 6 February 1962), known as Clifton Webb, was a New Zealand politician and diplomat.
Early life.
He was born in Te Kopuru in the Kaipara District, studied at Auckland University College, and practised law in Dargaville. He was in the army from 1917–1919, then returned to his practice in Dargaville and was a borough councillor there from 1921–1923. He moved to Auckland in 1927 and established a new law firm there.
Member of Parliament.
He sat in Parliament from 1943 until 1954: first as an Independent National MP for (1943–1946) and then as the National Party MP for Rodney (1946–1954). A key aide to party leader Sidney Holland, he was appointed to Attorney-General upon National gaining power in 1949. As Minister of Justice, he was responsible for drafting the legislation that resulted in the abolition of the Legislative Council.
In 1951, he took his first step into diplomacy by adding Minister for External Affairs and Minister for Island Territories to his other duties. He served as the country's High Commissioner to the United Kingdom between 1955 and 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="5893140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893140" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Suffolk">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Suffolk

The following is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Suffolk, England. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features.
As of January 2013 there were 141 SSSIs within Suffolk. Sites include ones also designated as Ramsar Sites, ancient monuments, areas of Heritage Coast, National Nature Reserves and European special protection areas. Management is carried out locally, including by the National Trust, Ministry of Defence, RSPB and Suffolk Wildlife Trust as well as by local landowners.
Sites range from the very small, with Waldringfield Pit being just in area, to two of the largest SSSI in England in the Breckland Farmland and Breckland Forest areas, both of which are larger than in area and cross the border into Norfolk.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.
The data in the table is taken from English Nature's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.

</doc>
<doc id="5893151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893151" title="Maui (disambiguation)">
Maui (disambiguation)

Maui may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5893154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893154" title="Silver warehou">
Silver warehou

The silver warehou, "Seriolella punctata", is a medusafish of the family "Centrolophidae" found in the southern Indian and southern Pacific oceans, at depths of between 100 and 650 m. Its length is up to about 65 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="5893174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893174" title="Circular chess">
Circular chess

Circular chess is a chess variant played using the standard set of pieces on a circular board consisting of four rings, each of sixteen squares. This is topologically equivalent to playing on the surface of a cylinder.
History.
Documents in the British Library and elsewhere suggest that circular chess was played in Persia as early as the 10th century AD, and further references are found in India, Persia, and, later, Europe. Historical rules are in sources that are little-known in the West, such as Muhammad ibn Mahmud Amuli's 'Treasury of the Sciences', so when, in 1983, Lincoln historian David Reynolds came across a reference to the game being played in the Middle Ages and set about attempting to revive interest in it, he chose to draw up a new set of rules, based around those of orthodox chess. Since that time, the older rules of circular chess have become far better known.
Historical circular chess.
Rules.
One set of rules for medieval circular chess is from the Persian author Amuli (1325). In this version, called "shatranj al-muddawara" (circular chess) or "shatranj al-Rûmîya" (Roman or Byzantine chess), the game uses a board with four concentric rings, each split into 16 spaces, for a total of 64 spaces. The game uses the same pieces as shatranj. The king and the counselor on the inner ring, next to each other. The next ring has the elephants, the next ring has the knights, and the last ring has the rooks. A single row of 4 pawns flanks each side of the central pieces. The king of one side "faces" the counselor of the other (a shorter path is between the king of one side and the counselor of the other than between the kings of the two sides). Movement is the same as shatranj, except that, if two pawns from the same side, going in opposite directions, end up being blocked by each other, the opponent may remove both pieces, which does not use the opponent's turn. As there is no back row, there is no promotion. A stalemate is a victory for the stalemating player. A bare king is a loss for the player who only has the king left unless, in the next turn, the player can also impose a bare king, at which point the game is a draw.
Citadel chess.
A variant of this game attested by Amuli has two "citadel" spaces in the center of the board and a different starting setup. In the citadel game, if a king reaches the citadel, a draw is forced.
Modern circular chess.
Rules.
The starting position is essentially obtained from that of orthodox chess by cutting the board in half and bending the two halves to join at the ends. Two lines are marked on opposite sides of the board, and each set of pieces is positioned so as to straddle this line. The king and queen start on the innermost ring, with, as is the case in square chess, the queen on a square of the same colour; the bishops start in the second ring from the centre, the knights on the third and the rooks on the outermost ring. The pawns are positioned in front of the pieces.
The moves of the pieces are identical to those in orthodox chess; a queen or rook may, if it is not obstructed, move any distance round a ring, except that the "null move" of moving a piece all the way round the board and back to its original square is not permitted. A pawn is promoted after moving six squares from its initial position, to the square immediately before the opponent's starting line. Castling and "en passant" captures are not permitted. Announcing a check is not obligatory, and "snaffling" (winning the game immediately by capturing the opponent's king after he either moved into or failed to move out of check) is allowed – and has on more than one occasion decided a world championship game.
Theory.
Most textbooks on orthodox chess assign the pieces relative values of 9 points for a queen, 5 for a rook, 3 for a bishop or knight, and 1 for a pawn; although no attempt has been made to assign specific values for circular chess, it is certain that the same values do not hold. The values of the queen and rook are considerably augmented by their greater range – with two rooks or a queen and rook unobstructed on the same ring being especially powerful – while those of the bishop and knight are diminished; for example, on an 8 x 8 board two minor pieces are held to be stronger than a rook, but on a circular board the rook is considerably stronger. The minor pieces do, however, pose a significant danger value, as their moves are more difficult to visualise on the circular board and even strong players often fail to notice a threat.
One of the major differences between orthodox and circular chess in practice is in the opening. In the former, opening theory has developed over several centuries, and the use of computer analysis has resulted in top level games frequently not deviating from known theory until the 20th move or beyond; in the latter, there is virtually no opening theory, and consequently players are "on their own" from the first move. In orthodox chess, advancing the king's or queen's pawn are generally considered the best opening moves, as doing so attacks two key central squares, opens a diagonal to enable the development of a bishop, and, in the case of the king's pawn, the queen also. On a circular board these advantages are negated, as a king's or queen's pawn only attacks one square, and its advance only opens one square for the bishop. Some players advance the central pawns first anyway, while others prefer to advance the rooks' pawns in order to open lines of attack for the more powerful pieces; it is not known which move, if any, is objectively best.
The different geometry of the square and circular boards creates considerable differences in endgame theory: three of the four "basic checkmates" on a square board (those with king and rook, king and two bishops or king, bishop and knight against a lone king) rely on forcing the defending king into the corner of the board, and thus are impossible on a circular board since it doesn't have corners. The "basic mates" in circular chess are thus those with king and queen, king, rook and minor piece or king and three minor pieces against a lone king. The greater tendency towards drawn endgames often results in the defender playing on in a position which would be considered cause for resignation on a square board. In one particular endgame, however, the circular board favours the attacker: with king and pawn against king, there is no stalemate defence and thus, unless the defending king can capture the pawn before it can be either promoted or defended, this endgame is always a win. So most rules are as in orthodox chess.
World Championship.
After experimenting with various possible layouts for the game, Reynolds decided on that pictured above, constructed a board and introduced the game to other players in Lincoln; it caught on, and in 1996, the Circular Chess Society was formed, with the aim of popularising circular chess, primarily by organising a tournament. Since it was not known to be played competitively anywhere else, its claim to the status of world championship was not contested, and thus it became. The inaugural tournament was held in the Tap and Spile public house in Lincoln in 1996; it was played as a knockout, with Lincoln player Rob Stevens beating Nottinghamshire's Mark Spink in the final. Subsequently the tournament has been held at different venues in Lincoln, usually under the Swiss system, and has been dominated by two players: Peterborough engineer Francis Bowers and Dutch businessman Herman Kok, who between them won eight of the following ten tournaments. Bowers took the title from 1997 to 1999, and remains not just the only player to have won the tournament three years in succession, but the only one to win on more than two occasions; Kok broke the sequence with victory in the 2000 tournament, before Bowers won again in 2001.
The 2002 World Championship, staged in Bishop Edward King House in Lincoln and sponsored by the Duke William Hotel, saw the only instance to date of the participation in the tournament of a player widely known outside the world of circular chess: David Howell, then aged 11 and having recently gained national publicity by becoming the youngest player to avoid defeat (at standard chess) against a reigning world champion, with a draw in the final game of his match against Vladimir Kramnik (having lost the other three games). Howell won the tournament, scoring a maximum 5 points after beating Bowers in the final round, although he commented afterwards "This is the first time I have played in a circular chess contest and it was difficult. Circular chess is a lot harder to play than square chess. Every time you or your opponent makes a move, you have to think about what is happening on the other side of the board.". Kok finished runner-up with 4½ points.
The 2003 tournament was again held in Bishop Edward King House; sponsorship for it and the four subsequent tournaments came from Lindum Group. Howell did not return to defend his title (and has not played in the tournament since); Bowers gained his fifth title with victory over Kok in the last round to complete a 5/5 score, and Lincolnshire player David Carew, with 4½, finished second. Bowers repeated the feat the following year, again finishing with a win against Kok; Nottinghamshire's Mike Clark was the runner-up, with Stevens third and Kok and Carew among a group of six players in joint fourth place.
In 2005, the Society gained extra publicity for the tournament by securing the chapter house of Lincoln Cathedral as the venue, only the day after the filming of "The Da Vinci Code" there had been completed (the cathedral was used to film scenes which, in the book, take place in Westminster Abbey, since the abbey had refused Columbia Pictures permission to film there); much of the film set was (and is) still in place. The draw for the first round of the tournament was conducted by Councillor Steve Allnutt, the Deputy Mayor of Lincoln, and Mrs Chris Noble, the City Sheriff; the two guests accepted an invitation to try the game for themselves, with the Sheriff emerging as the winner. In contrast to previous tournaments, the 2005 championship was held over four rounds rather than five; in the first Stevens drew with Bowers, to end the latter's run of ten consecutive wins in the tournament and leave Kok the favourite to take the title again. At the halfway point there were four players with maximum points – Kok, Hertfordshire's John Beasley, and tournament newcomers David Stamp and Michael Jones, both of Lincolnshire – with Bowers on 1½ after surviving a scare to "snaffle" Carew in the second round. Kok beat Beasley in the third round, while Stamp and Jones remained in contention after both winning; Bowers also won, although, since the top four players would be drawn against each other in the final round, his chances of retaining his title were remote, relying on him winning his own game and the other being drawn to force a three-way playoff. The draw for the final round pitted Kok against Jones and Bowers against Stamp – in each case an experienced player against a tournament newcomer. The former game looked to be heading in Kok's favour before he blundered in time trouble and eventually lost on time, leaving Jones on 4/4 and Stamp needing to beat Bowers to force a tiebreak; he could only draw, so Jones finished the outright champion and Stamp runner-up with 3½. Bowers, Herman Kok, his son Robbie, Beasley and Clark tied for third place with 3 points each.
The 2006 World Championship was held at Lincoln Castle, and was dedicated to regular competitor Charles Vermes of Derbyshire, who had died shortly before. The first round brought no surprise results – the only two of the main contenders to be drawn together were Clark and Stevens, with Clark emerging the winner; Jones, Herman Kok and Bowers all won. Clark beat Jones in the second round, at which point there remained five players on maximum points: Clark, Kok, Bowers, Lincolnshire's Richard Kidals and Ian Lewis of Cardiff. Lewis lost his third round game to tournament founder Reynolds, but the other four leaders all won, ensuring the need for a tiebreak unless one of the last round games was drawn; Kok beat Clark and Bowers beat Kidals to give them both the maximum 4 points, so the expected tiebreak game ensued. The game was close throughout, with Bowers eventually losing on time to give Kok the title – only the second player, after Bowers himself, to claim it more than once.
The 2007 World Championship was held at The Tap & Spile in Lincoln, with Kevin McCarthy lifting the title after remaining unbeaten in his first ever tournament under Circular Rules, including a win against the legendary Herman Kok, who had taught him the rules only a fortnight previously.
The 2011 World Championship was also held at The Tap & Spile in Lincoln, with newcomer Nigel Payne, previously a Welsh All Valleys Champion (Under-15 category), claiming the title.

</doc>
<doc id="5893186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893186" title="Radio-Televisão Timor Leste">
Radio-Televisão Timor Leste

Radio-Televisão Timor Leste ("Radio Television East Timor" in English) is the national radio and television broadcaster in East Timor.
Radio.
The radio branch of RTTL is known as Radio Timor Leste (RTL), which broadcasts in Tetum and Portuguese. Radio Timor Leste is broadcast 16 hours a day with 34 programs locally produced by a staff of 63. Seven percent of RTL's programmes come from outside producers, including non governmental organizations and agencies.
RTL has 4 departments to support its daily operation: News, Programming, Technical, and the Department of Promotion, External Production and Research.
RTL Director Mr Rosario Martins also serves as the Head of International Relations of Timor Lorosae'e Journalist's Association - TLJA. He has received an Australian Leadership Award and he's the Young International Analyst and Alert coordinator for the Southeast Asia Press Alliance - SEAPA
Radio Timor Leste can be reached on FM frequency in Dili 91.7 and different frequency in every District. RTL has AM frequency on 684. RTL has a plan to open up a new Channel called Antena 2 targeted youth and possibility to attend advertisement as the institution base on decree law 48/2008 became as Public company.
Base on the survey done by East Timor Insight, Radio Timor Leste as a major channel of information and has a widest coverage of the population.
Television.
The television division of RTTL is known as Televisão de Timor Leste or Televizaun Timor Lorosae ("East Timor Television"), abbreviated as TVTL. Its schedule consists of some locally made programs in Tetum, as well as relay of news programmes and others from RTP Internacional. In the past it occasionally broadcast a few programmes from ABC's Australia Network, and BBC World News. In September 2008, it signed an agreement with Brazil's Rede Globo, allowing its access to that channel's programming.
TVTL first aired in 2000, formerly named as TV UNTAET. Following independence on May 20, 2002, it adopted its present name.

</doc>
<doc id="5893191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893191" title="Kidz Bop 9">
Kidz Bop 9

This is the 9th CD in the popular kids' series, Kidz Bop. "Kidz Bop 9" peaked at number 2 in the Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="5893192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893192" title="HNLMS De Ruyter (F804)">
HNLMS De Ruyter (F804)

HNLMS "De Ruyter" (F804) (Dutch Zr. Ms. "De Ruyter") is the third De Zeven Provinciën class frigate of the Royal Netherlands Navy. She was laid down in 2000, launched in 2002, and commissioned in 2004. The frigate is named after the famous Dutch admiral Michiel de Ruyter (1607–1676).
The frigate should not be mistaken with the former Hr. Ms. "De Ruyter" (F806), which was a Tromp class frigate built in the 1970s, nor the current BAP Almirante Grau, a Peruvian gun cruiser that was known as "De Ruyter" while in Dutch service.
Since December 2012, Commander Harold Liebregs is HNLMS "De Ruyter's" commanding officer. Previously it was commanded by Commander Jeanette Morang. She was the first woman to command a Netherlands Navy frigate.

</doc>
<doc id="5893195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893195" title="The Same Old Blood Rush with a New Touch">
The Same Old Blood Rush with a New Touch

The Same Old Blood Rush with a New Touch is Cute Is What We Aim For's debut album, released on June 20, 2006. The band released November 20, 2007, the MVI, Special edition version of the album (title: "The Same Old Gold Rush with a New Touch"), which contains special karaoke tracks, as well as 2 additional tracks and video and photos from the band's concerts in 2007.
The Academy Is...'s William Beckett lent vocals to the album's first single "There's a Class for This", which openly addresses the band's ever-surrounding drama (culminating in the song's chorus "Drama doesn't follow me, it rides on my back/I may be ugly, but they sure love to stare"). The music video directed by Jay Martin premiered on mtvU on July 17, 2006. On February 26, 2007 the group's second single, "The Curse of Curves", was released. The video was directed by Lex Hallaby. For the band's third single, "Newport Living", the video was edited by Dylan Steinberg using various footage (over 15 hours) of the band members on tour plus a live show at The Metro in Chicago. The video was released on October 29, 2007.
Sales and reception.
The album debuted at #75 on the "Billboard" 200 in July 2006, scanning 13,651 copies within its first week of sales. It even exceeded the first week sales benchmark of labelmates Panic! at the Disco's "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" (2005), which debuted at #112 with just under 10,000 copies sold. As of June 2008, the album has sold 206,547 copies in the US. The reception of reviewers for the album was generally mixed.

</doc>
<doc id="5893216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893216" title="Jefferson King">
Jefferson King

Jefferson King (born 1 July 1961) is a British former bodybuilder and wrestler, best known for playing Shadow in the ITV show "Gladiators". He currently works in a clinic for drug rehabilitation.
Biography.
King moved to New York City as a 14 year old. There he excelled in sports and was on the school American Football team. At that time he began lifting weights and developing his physique. He fell victim to the crack boom of the late 70s, however, and became a drug addict. Living with his mother, his mother requested help from his father back in England who sent money to pay for his fare to England to escape drugs. Jefferson spent the money his father sent twice on drugs before the third time he finally got a ticket and moved to England. Believing he was now free from drugs, he came back to England at the time when the drug industry was becoming big in the country and couldn't escape from it. However, at some point he appears to have overcome his habit and married and had two children. He began concentrating on bodybuilding again and began intensive training.
As King was preparing to enter into the world of professional bodybuilding, he received a phone call from the producers of ITV's "Gladiators" in Birmingham requesting that he join the show. Shadow was legendary for his icy stare and his record in the 'Duel' event. One of the most highly respected and intimidating members of the Gladiators team, he once hit his opponent so hard in the Duel event that the ends of the pugil stick were clearly damaged. He also successfully served as captain for the Gladiators. In early 1995, King was at the centre of an apparent steroid abuse scandal which saw him lose his job on the show. He was outed by the press after taking drugs in a London nightclub in King's Road.
Losing his job, his home in Birmingham and his wife and kids moving to Essex, he moved to London where he set up a business. King become a wrestler and had a cameo role in the Spice Girls movie "Spiceworld" in 1997. However, his fall from grace saw him turn to drugs again and he fell victim to severe drug abuse, smoking heroin and crack cocaine, amongst other drugs. He struggled to deal with his addiction for nearly 20 years, turning to a life of crime to pay for his drug habit which saw him in and out of jail. 
In March 2005, whilst travelling on the top deck of a 205 bus in Southall, London, King was discovered in possession of an elderly person's bus pass, which he had shown to the driver to board the bus, despite being only 43 at the time. He was arrested for being in possession of stolen property, and taken to Southall Police Station. 
In an April 2011 interview he reports that he has now finally beaten his addiction and works at a drug rehabilitation clinic to help people suffering from drug problems and has restored contacts with his ex-wife and twin children Theo and Tiffany and his mother who he avoided for many years because "he didn't want her seeing him like that".

</doc>
<doc id="5893217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893217" title="Shaun Sipos">
Shaun Sipos

Shaun Sipos (born October 30, 1981) is a Canadian actor, known for playing Jack on ABC series "Complete Savages" and David Breck on The CW series "Melrose Place".
Life and career.
Sipos was born in Victoria, British Columbia, and is of Croatian descent. Sipos' television credits include a series regular role on the sitcom "Maybe It's Me", guest starring roles on "Smallville", "Black Sash", "ER", and ', and a supporting role on "Special Unit 2". His feature film credits include "Final Destination 2", "The Skulls III", ', "Comeback Season", "The Grudge 2", and "". In 2009, Sipos was cast as David Breck in The CW's "Melrose Place", a reboot of the 1990s Fox primetime soap opera of the same name.
Sipos appeared in the series "Life Unexpected" as a teacher who becomes a love interest of the main character, Lux.

</doc>
<doc id="5893227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893227" title="Hanwood">
Hanwood

Hanwood is a large village in Shropshire, England.
It is located SW of Shrewsbury town centre, on the A488 road. The A5 is only a mile away. The Cambrian Line runs through the village but there is no longer a station here. It was closed in 1964, as a result of the Beeching Axe.
Hanwood has a small shop, a pub (the "Cock Inn"), a post office and a primary school.
The Rea Brook flows through the village and the village is laid along the floor of a small valley.
Hanwood Bank is a smaller village adjoining Hanwood, further north on the A488 towards Shrewsbury.
Both villages form the main of the civil parish of Great Hanwood.
Parish church.
The oldest part of the Church of England parish church of St Thomas is a circular Norman font and a priest of Hanwood is recorded as early as 1277.
The chiefly red brick nave-and-chancel church was rebuilt in 1701, and reconstructed in 1856 by Shrewsbury architect John Laurence Randal, who rebuilt the south wall of the nave, extended the nave westwards, and added the north porch, vestry and tiled timber bellcote. There is stone masonry at the foundation level that may have come from the mediaeval church and the east window frame in the chancel apse has some 15th-century masonry. The stained glass windows in the chancel and one of the others in the nave, were installed in 1856 by Shrewsbury glass-stainers David and Charles Evans.
Besides a painted wooden war memorial plaque listing parish dead of both World Wars, the church contains a number of family war memorials in various forms. The stone pulpit was given by his parents in memory of Walter Atherton (killed in 1917), replacing a wooden pulpit that had been in the church since before its 1856 rebuild, and a brass eagle-shaped lectern in memory of his kinsman, Charles William Atherton (killed 1915), while a marble plaque lists five members of the De Grey-Warter family who died on active service in India, World War I and World War II.
A single-storey extension with meeting room, kitchen, toilet and other facilities was added at the south-west corner in 2003.
The churchyard contains one Commonwealth war grave, of an airman who died in 1943.
The former Wales Rugby Union football international, John Strand Jones (1877–1958), was a resident Rector of Hanwood from 1929 to 1934. Since the last Rector of Hanwood in its own right left in 1999 St Thomas' parish is now part of the Church of England Benefice of Hanwood, Longden and Annscroft with Pulverbatch, within the Diocese of Hereford.
Local Government.
The village is the main settlement of the civil parish of Great Hanwood whose governing body is the unwarded Great Hanwood Parish Council, and has also been represented on the unitary Shropshire Council since 2009. Up to 2009 the civil parish was doubly represented, in both the Shrewsbury and Atcham Borough Council and the Shropshire County Council, which both ceased to exist that year with the creation of the unitary council. It is represented in Parliament within the Shrewsbury and Atcham constituency.
Notable people.
Clopton Lloyd-Jones (1858–1918), sportsman noted for scoring the only goal of the 1880 FA Cup Final, was born at Hanwood House, which was demolished in 1971 and on whose site was laid out the private housing estate of Woodlands Avenue, Chestnut Close and Beech Close. He was baptised in Hanwood Church which contains a memorial plaque. In 1901 he inherited, but did not inhabit, the house called "The Glen" beside the church.
Lieutenant-General Sir Edwin Alderson (1859–1927) had his home at The Glen as a subtenant in the years 1914 to 1916, coinciding with his period commanding the Canadian Expeditionary Force in World War I. He unveiled the village's war memorial cross (north side of main road adjacent Cock Inn) in 1921, when he admitted he was living in the village when the war started and claimed to be the first resident called on for active service.
Bill Longmore, Police and Crime Commissioner for West Mercia Police, lives in Hanwood where he has been a parish councillor.
Community media.
The "Hanwood & Cruckton Herald" is a newsletter distributed free to all 550 households in Hanwood and Cruckton four times a year with an associated website ([http://hch.shropshire-west.net]). The newsletter and website editor is Professor Bob Scott.
St Thomas' Church Parish Magazine for Hanwood & Cruckton is published ten months of the year, incorporating a parish diary page that is also given free separately to households that do not take the paid magazine. The church has an associated website ([http://www.stthomashanwood.org.uk]), giving information on current church and community activities.
Hanwood United.
The first incarnation of Hanwood United F.C. came about in 1890, and the team currently play in the West Midlands (Regional) League's Division One. They were the Shropshire County League champions for the 2007–8 season and have since been promoted again to reach their present position at Step 7 of the English football pyramid. (They also won the County League in the 2005-6 and 2006-7 seasons but chose not to change leagues.) The Reserve side currently play in the Mercian Regional Football League's Division One.

</doc>
<doc id="5893240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893240" title="Annscroft">
Annscroft

Annscroft is a small village in Shropshire, England.
It is located on the Shrewsbury to Longden road, approximately 4 miles from Shrewsbury, Arscott and Hook-a-Gate. The village is a linear settlement, laid along the one road, and is in the civil parish of Longden. It has one public phone box.
There is a stone church: Christ Church (C of E) was built in 1870, at a cost of £1,400, raised by subscription.

</doc>
<doc id="5893247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893247" title="Blue warehou">
Blue warehou

The blue warehou or common warehou, "Seriolella brama", is a medusafish of the family "Centrolophidae" found off southern Australia and around New Zealand, at depths of between 50 and 400 m. Its length is up to about 75 cm.
The blue warehou is not to be confused with the bluenose warehou (usually referred to simply as bluenose in New Zealand, and bonita, big-eye or Griffin's silverfish by others) which is a deepwater member of the warehou family.

</doc>
<doc id="5893253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893253" title="Geek Chic (book)">
Geek Chic (book)

Geek Chic: The Ultimate Guide to Geek Culture (ISBN 978-1-58423-205-6) is a book co-written by Neil Feinman, Rob Davis and Chelseah Kalberloh. The book charts the history of the geek from Ancient Greece to the Xbox. It is published by Thames and Hudson (UK), BIS Publishing (The Netherlands) and Ginko Press (US).

</doc>
<doc id="5893258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893258" title="Rajshahi silk">
Rajshahi silk

Rajshahi Silk is the name given to the silk products produced in Rajshahi, Bangladesh. It is a famous name in the domain of clothing, especially in saris.
Rajshahi silk is a delicate and soft fibre produced from the cocoons of silkworms and is covered with a protein called Sericin. There are mainly three varieties of silks.
Among these varieties, Mulberry silk is the finest and is therefore the most valuable.
Saris and other products made out of Rajshahi silk are coveted by users in the country and in foreign countries. Rajshahi silk is available as fabric in colors and patterns for designers. Silk fabric is available in ranges for apparel and for other purposes.
Rajshahi houses a number of silk industries and a Silk Research Institute. The region's sericulture accounts for almost the entire silk output of Bangladesh. Approximately 100,000 people are directly or indirectly employed in this sector.

</doc>
<doc id="5893275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893275" title="Markdale Majors">
Markdale Majors

The Markdale Majors were a Canadian Intermediate (Senior) team from the town of Markdale, Ontario. An entry which competed in the Central Ontario Hockey League, later swallowed by the WOAA Senior Hockey League.
History.
The Markdale Majors were the final champions in COHL history. In 1982, as a member of the WOAA, the COHL final was played between Markdale and Hillsburgh, Markdale came out on top. They were league finalists in 1980 and 1981, losing out to Dundalk and Honeywood respectively.
The farm team of the Majors was the Markdale Mohawks of the Northern Junior D Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="5893276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893276" title="Bazaar (band)">
Bazaar (band)

Bazaar (1976) is a Danish band. Their music, which features improvisation, has been classified as world, folk and jazz.

</doc>
<doc id="5893283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893283" title="Buntús Cainte">
Buntús Cainte

Buntús Cainte () - first steps in spoken Irish - was written by Tomás Ó Domhnalláin in the mid-1960s. It was an Irish-language learning programme, illustrated by William Bolger, and first published in a three volume series by the Stationery Office, Dublin, Ireland, in 1967. It was re-printed eight times between 1974 and 1999 by the Stationery Office and since 2002, it has been re-printed seven times by An Gúm. The more recent re-prints are accompanied by a CD. Copyright is now held by Foras na Gaeilge.
The programme was broadcast on Raidió Teilifís Éireann in Ireland, beginning in 1967. The show was designed to appeal to young viewers, and was (unusually for RTÉ's educational output) lively and humorous. The programme was presented by Máire O’Neill and Aileen Geoghegan. By November 1967, 218,000 copies of the "Buntús Cainte" lessons booklet had been sold.
The programme catered to people with little or no Irish. Phrases were spoken by the presenters in both Irish and English, and were also overlaid (in Irish) on a simple static cartoon relating to the phrase.
It is also the title of a series of 3 books which contain the programme material, including the cartoons, the spoken Irish words and the English and Irish text.
Current Publication.
Buntús Cainte is currently available in book form, published by Foras na Gaeilge with editions in 2002, 2005, 2006 and 2008. The current editions include remastered versions of the original recordings on Compact Disc.
Buntús Cainte is also available as an MP3 course for iPod, iPhone and iPad. The English and Irish text can be viewed by the learner using the lyrics function on the device.
Format.
The course consists of a series of short lessons in which the presenters speak in Irish. The lessons are accompanied by English and Irish written versions of the spoken words.
Each lesson contains new words, basic sentences for each of the new words, revisionary sentences, a second section of new material and a situational conversation.
The book's lessons are intended to be used with recorded versions of the Irish words and sentences they contain. The current publications, unlike earlier ones, come with the recordings.
It is available as three books, Part One, Part Two and Part Three.

</doc>
<doc id="5893305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893305" title="CCCB">
CCCB

'CCCB' may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="5893312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893312" title="June Thorburn">
June Thorburn

June Thorburn (8 June 1931 – 4 November 1967) was a popular English actress whose career was cut short by her death in an air crash.
Early life.
Thorburn was born in Karachi, British India. She was the eldest of three children, including her sister Diana and her brother Keith. Her full name was Patricia June Thubron Smith.
She spent most of her schooldays in boarding schools in India, since her father was a colonel in the Indian Army and therefore her parents travelled a lot. When he retired from the military, they moved back to Britain.
June began writing plays from about the age of seven. Her grandfather (Sydney Thubron) who had also spent many years in India as a design engineer, building many important bridges, made early 'movies' and she was the star in several, the first being "Her Second Birthday", when she was only two years old. 
Family.
When she was 20 she left home and moved to London to pursue her career, where she met and married her first husband, Aldon Richard Bryse-Harvey. During their short and stressful marriage she bore one daughter in 1953, named Heather-Louise June . The marriage ended in divorce and June moved back to Hampshire, close to her family, for a couple of years until her career started to take off.
In 1957 she moved back to London, where shortly thereafter she met Morten Smith-Petersen, who subsequently became her second husband. She was married to him until her death in 1967. Together with Morten, she had a second daughter named Inger-Sheleen Christabel. 
Career.
She appeared in her first commercial film in 1952, and began to win leading roles, in British costume dramas such as "Fury at Smugglers' Bay" (1961) and "The Scarlet Blade" (1963). Her most notable film appearance was as the Forest Queen in "Tom Thumb" (1958). During the early 1960s, she also appeared regularly on British television.
Death.
She was pregnant with her third child when returning to London from Spain on Iberia Airlines Flight 062 when it crashed at Blackdown Hill, Sussex, killing all 37 people on board.

</doc>
<doc id="5893315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893315" title="Victoria Park, Adelaide">
Victoria Park, Adelaide

Victoria Park, also known as Park 16, is a park located in the Southeastern Parklands of the South Australian capital of Adelaide. It is bordered by Fullarton Road, Greenhill Road, East Terrace and Wakefield Road. It hosts a variety of major events throughout the year.
The park's most prominent feature was the Victoria Park Racecourse, formerly the home course of the South Australian Jockey Club; the main track was 2,360 metres long, with the longest home-straight of any horse racing track in Australia. The park remains one of the venues for the Adelaide International Horse Trials.
Part of the Adelaide Street Circuit was built in the northern portion of the park. Temporary grandstands and other facilities are erected whenever motor racing events are hosted there. The circuit hosts the Adelaide 500 and formerly staged the Australian Grand Prix, from 1985 to 1995, and a one-off Le Mans series event, the "Race of a Thousand Years" on 31 December 2000.
Following the rejection of a proposal to upgrade horse and motor racing facilities in early 2008, the SAJC vacated the premises, moving their home course to Morphettville Racecourse. The 1950s-era SAJC grandstand was demolished, as was a large brick wall adjacent Fullarton Road and other utility buildings. The heritage-listed 1880s-era grandstand will be refurbished as part of a $16 million upgrade of the park's facilities.
In August 2008, the Adelaide City Council announced plans to turn Victoria Park into a "people's park", incorporating wetlands, community sporting facilities, walking tracks and temporary motor racing facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="5893320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893320" title="Hook-a-Gate">
Hook-a-Gate

Hook-a-Gate is a village in Shropshire, England. It is located on the Shrewsbury to Longden road, just over the A5 Shrewsbury by-pass from Shrewsbury itself. Bayston Hill is nearby, though there is no direct vehicular road connecting the two villages, only a track. It was formerly a stop on the now defunct Shropshire and Montgomeryshire Railway. There is no primary school but there is a Tuition Centre for Secondary children.
The Rea Brook flows through the village. The hamlet of Redhill adjoins the village, on the north side of the Rea Brook.
There are two public houses - the "Mucky Duck" (until 2010 it was the "Cygnets") and the "New Inn".

</doc>
<doc id="5893343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893343" title="Crazy Sue">
Crazy Sue

Crazy Sue is a 2D platform game, which was first released in 1990 in issue 1 of the "Amiga Fun" magazine by MC Publications. In the game the player takes the role of the little girl named "Crazy Sue", who must defeat the evil "Wizard of Doom".
Gameplay.
The game is a standard platform game, where the main character is controlled with the joystick. Levels scroll horizontally, and in some levels the direction is fixed so you can only advance from left to right. After collecting the "Jumper" power up, large jumps are possible. And in later levels there is another power up allowing Crazy Sue to also shoot lollipops at enemies.
Crazy Sue dies if she falls out of the level, touches a monster or other deadly object, or if the time runs out. In all such cases she loses a life and the current level is restarted at the beginning.
Story.
The story is quite short and told in the intro screen. In the Land of Ereanor, people are in trouble because the evil Wizard of Doom is enslaving them. But there exists an old prophecy of a girl who can defeat the Wizard. That girl is Crazy Sue, who tries to reach the lair of the evil wizard during the game.
Levels.
The game has 10 levels through which Crazy Sue runs and jumps. The first level starts at her house, from where she advances through a forest in level 2 and a desert in level 3, to cross a mountain in level 4. In level 5 she finds herself in a petrified forest, from where she continues over a long bridge over an abyss in level 6, to reach a castle in level 7. Level 8 and 9 play in the castle as well, and in level 10 Crazy Sue reaches the final boss in the dungeons below the castle.
The first few levels are completely linear, with the player starting at the very left, and the game scrolling to the right. Later they get more complicated, and in the castle there are many keys and doors through which you have to find the right way.
Enemies.
In the beginning, enemies simply follow fixed paths and need to be avoided. Later, once Crazy Sue gets the ability to shoot lollipops, monsters get more difficult and need to be killed, with the end game boss being the hardest of all, targeting shots directly at Crazy Sue.
Sequel.
The game spawned a sequel named "Crazy Sue Goes On".
Other releases and authors.
When MC Publications was bought by German publisher Computec, the game was re-released in Germany in 1991, inside issue 1 of the "Amigo!" magazine Later, the game apparently was released as a public domain game, on a disk numbered "PD Soft 2448". The actual authors of the game appear only as "Hironymus Jumpshoe" and "Thorin Oakenshield" for code and "DJ Braincrack" for artwork and music, but there is no information who these persons really are.
A conversion to PC and Atari ST was made for a German magazine around 1991. This was done by German programmers.

</doc>
<doc id="5893347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893347" title="Pen-y-Mount Junction railway station">
Pen-y-Mount Junction railway station

Pen-y-Mount Junction station is the northern terminus of the Welsh Highland Heritage Railway (WHHR) in Porthmadog, Wales. It opened on 2 August 1980 at which time it consisted of a single platform with a run round loop and was intended to be a temporary terminus.
In 1990, a siding was laid into the yard for works trains. After the Festiniog Railway Company gained the authority to rebuild the original Welsh Highland Railway (WHR), it was decided to turn Pen-y-Mount station into a representation of a typical WHR station.
In 1996, a replica WHR corrugated iron station building was constructed. Its design was based upon the original Nantmor railway station. Subsequently, genuine WHR fencing, including a kissing gate, was erected along the back of the platform.
In 2000, the WHHR began construction of the WHR main line, under the terms of their 1998 agreement with the Festiniog Railway Company. This included clearing, preparing the track bed, tracklaying and ballasting. The northern end of the WHHR line was also re-modelled and, in 2002, the existing headshunt was replaced with a full crossover so it could connect with the FR owned WHR main line. A new headshunt loading spur was also constructed. They also helped construct the mainline between Pen-y-Mount and the Porthmadog Cross Town Link.
The WHHR finished construction work in 2007. Under the terms of the 1998 agreement, they were allowed to use the new line and retain all revenue from it until the FR had finished constructing the remainder of the WHR. During 2007 and 2008, WHHR trains terminated at Traeth Mawr Loop rather than Pen-y-Mount. In 2008, the Traeth Mawr loop was removed and WHHR trains used push-pull operation.
In 2008, the Welsh Highland Construction Company (an FR Co. subsidiary) connected the two ends of the Welsh Highland Railway and took possession of the line from Traeth Mawr to Pen-y-Mount and, since 2009, WHHR trains have terminated at Pen-y-Mount. It is hoped that in future the WHHR will have running rights over the FR-owned WHR mainline and that the station will become an interchange between the two railways. The two companies, however, are still in discussion over these issues and have yet to reach an agreement. It is intended that Pen-y-Mount Junction will have three platforms, with lines to Beddgelert and both Porthmadog Termini.

</doc>
<doc id="5893353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893353" title="Greek-speaking Muslims">
Greek-speaking Muslims

Greek-speaking Muslims may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5893360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893360" title="Bianca e Fernando">
Bianca e Fernando

Bianca e Fernando ("English: "'Bianca and Fernando) is an opera in two acts by Vincenzo Bellini. 
The original version of this opera was presented as Bianca e Gernando""' and was set to a libretto by Domenico Gilardoni, based on "Bianca e Fernando alla tomba di Carlo IV, duca di Agrigento" ("Bianca and Ferdinand at the Tomb of Charles IV, Duke of Agrigento"), a play by Carlo Roti which is set in Sicily. In 1826, use of the name "Fernando" in the title was forbidden because Ferdinando was the name of the heir to the throne, and no form of it could be used on a royal stage. 
The 1826 work—Bellini's first professionally-staged opera—had its first performance at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples on 30 May 1826. Its success resulted the offer to the young composer from Domenico Barbaja, the Intendente at the San Carlo and also part of the management of La Scala opera house in Milan, of a commission to write a new opera for La Scala. 
The revival of "Bianca e Gernando", with the title reverting to the original one proposed for the opera, came about after the success of "Il pirata" in Milan in October 1827. A commission came from Genoa in early 1828, too late for Bellini to write anything new. However, he did re-arrange the music to suit the singers' voices and in addition (as Galatopoulos states), Romani took on the re-construction of the libretto with the result that "out of the whole of Bianca, the only pieces entirely unchanged are the big duet and the romanza; everything else is altered, and about half of it is new". For this later production, Bellini specifically rejected a request by Gilardoni to revise the libretto, preferring instead Felice Romani, whom he regarded as the superior poet.
Performance history.
The first version—Bellini's first professionally-staged opera and given as "Bianca e Gernando"—had its first performance at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples on 30 May 1826, while the revised version, given under its original title, "Bianca e Fernando", took place on the occasion of the opening of the new Teatro Carlo Felice in Genoa on 7 April 1828. 
The opera is rarely, if ever, performed today, although a recording exists of a 1991 performance at the Teatro Massimo Bellini in Catania.
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5893371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893371" title="Tom Curtis (footballer)">
Tom Curtis (footballer)

Tom Curtis (born 1 March 1973 in Exeter, England) is an English professional footballer.
Curtis is currently Academy Manager at Bristol Rovers.
Curtis has previously played for several Football League clubs, and is perhaps best remembered for his seven-year spell at Chesterfield, where he played more than 250 games and was part of the "Spireites"' memorable cup run of 1996–97, where they reached the semi-finals, with Curtis scoring the winner from the penalty spot in Chesterfield's upset victory against Nottingham Forest. Curtis was signed by Chesterfield manager John Duncan at a time when the young footballer was undertaking a university course. Between the player and his manager, a situation was settled upon whereby Tom could continue his education whilst training with the "Spireites" part-time. His other clubs include Mansfield Town, Chester City (both in a Player/Coach role), Notts County and Portsmouth. 
While playing at Mansfield Town, Chester City, Nuneaton Borough and Alfreton Town, he was given the captaincy. At Mansfield, Curtis helped them to the 2004 Third Division Play-off Final. In the semi finals, Curtis' goal in the second leg against Northampton took the game to a penalty shootout, which Mansfield went on to win. The final against Huddersfield also went to penalties, however this time Mansfield lost and were thus denied promotion. Curtis' only other goal for Mansfield came in the FA Cup against Bishop's Stortford. Whilst at Chester, Curtis scored once in a 3–1 win over Barnet in October 2005.
Curtis was appointed as the Head Coach of Loughborough University Football Team in 2007, leading the team to various trophies in his four years in the role.
In April 2008, he was appointed as the assistant coach to the English Universities squad for the 2008–09 season.
In March 2011, Curtis took up the role of Technical Director and Head Coach of the Antigua and Barbuda Football Association. With the job, comes the task of managing Antigua's sole professional team, Antigua Barracuda, in their first season in the United Soccer Leagues Professional Division (the third tier of United States Soccer).
On 23 October 2012, he resigned from his position as Antigua and Barbuda national team coach and from Antigua Barracuda. 
In November 2012 Curtis returned to the UK to take up the role of Academy Manager at Bristol Rovers, his under 18 team remained unbeaten all season, winning both Youth Alliance League and Cup. 

</doc>
<doc id="5893372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893372" title="Foreign relations of Nagorno-Karabakh">
Foreign relations of Nagorno-Karabakh

The Nagorno-Karabakh Republic is recognized only by other states with limited recognition: Abkhazia, South Ossetia and Transnistria. In November 2012, a member of Uruguay's foreign relations committee stated that his country could recognize Nagorno-Karabakh's independence.
The Nagorno-Karabakh Republic is a member of one international organization: the Community for Democracy and Human Rights, also commonly known as the Commonwealth of Unrecognized States, or less commonly as CIS-2 (Содружество непризнанных государств, СНГ-2). In 2012 the Parliament of New South Wales, an Australian state, called upon the Australian government to recognise Nagorno-Karabakh. In May 2012, the Rhode Island House of Representatives in the United States passed a resolution calling on President Barack Obama and the U.S. Congress to recognize Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. On August 2012, the Massachusetts House of Representatives passed a similar resolution. In April 2013, the Maine House of Representatives and Senate in the United States passed a resolution accepting Nagorno Karabakh's independence and urging President Barack Obama to also accept Nagorno Karabakh's independence. In May 2013, the Louisiana State Senate in the United States passed a resolution accepting Nagorno Karabakh's independence and expressed support for the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic's efforts to develop as a free and independent nation. In May 2014, the California State Assembly passed a measure recognizing Nagorno-Karabakh's independence with a 70-1 vote. The measure also calls for President Barack Obama and the U.S. Congress to recognize Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Nagorno Karabakh Republic is based in Stepanakert. The Minister is Karen Mirzoyan.
Missions.
The Nagorno-Karabakh Republic operates five permanent Missions and one Bureau of Social-Politic Information in France. The goals of the offices are to present the Republic's positions on various issues, provide information and to facilitate the peace process. The NKR missions are organizing visits for Nagorno Karabakh officials abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="5893382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893382" title="Brestovik">
Brestovik

Brestovik (Serbian Cyrillic: Брестовик) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in the municipality of Grocka.
Brestovik is located in the eastern part of the municipality, on the border of the municipality of Grocka (and the City of Belgrade) and municipality of Smederevo (and the Podunavlje District). It is 6 km east of the municipal seat of Grocka and almost 40 km east of Belgarde. It is located on the southern bank of the Danube.
Brestovik is a small, depopulating village (population of 1,129 in 1991 and 1,076 in 2002), on the road of "Smederevski put" which connects Belgrade and Smederevo. One section of the road separates at Brestovik and connects it to the Belgrade-Niš highway to the south. The Geomagnetic observatory was built in the village in 1957, the first of that kind in former Yugoslavia.
As the village and the vast weekend-settlement in the eastern part of Grocka developed, Brestovik now forms a single built-up area with Grocka, and generally, through the string of villages on the "Smederevski put", one urban built-up area (almost 80,000 inhabitants) forms from Grocka to Smederevo (as Smederevo is twice as closer to Grocka than Belgrade).
The name of the village is descriptive, meaning "elm forest". In Ottoman period, group of settlers crossed the Danube and established a new village named Banatski Brestovac, further from the left bank of the Danube.

</doc>
<doc id="5893389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893389" title="Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana">
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana

Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana, Inc. (TMMI) is an automobile manufacturing factory located in Gibson County, Indiana, nearly halfway between Princeton and Fort Branch, and mostly in Union Township. It is part of Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America (TEMA), owned by Toyota Motor Corporation of Japan.
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana was built in 1996 in order to begin production of a full-size pickup truck solely for the U.S. Market. TMMI began production of the Tundra began in 1999 for the 2000 model year, and Sequoia production began a year later for the 2001 model. Both the Tundra and the Sequoia were new to the market and have only been sold in North America. The Tundra replaced the Toyota T100 in the U.S. market.
In 2003, production of the Sienna minivan shifted to TMMI for the release of the 2004 Sienna, while Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky produced the Solara in place of the Sienna.
On July 10, 2008, Toyota announced that they would consolidate Tundra production at Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas in San Antonio after 2008, and that due to the large unsold supply of Tundras and Sequoias, production of both Tundras and Sequoias would be suspended. Toyota also announced that production of the Highlander would be shifted to TMMI and would start in 2009; the new facility Toyota is building in Mississippi will now build the Toyota Corolla in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5893390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893390" title="1st Heavy Artillery Battery (Australia)">
1st Heavy Artillery Battery (Australia)

1st Heavy Artillery Battery was an Australian artillery unit during World War I. Formed at Gallipoli on 14 July 1915 the battery formed part of the 1st Division artillery. The battery was originally equipped with 2 old 6 inch 30 cwt howitzers and one even older 4.7 inch naval gun. The battery was disbanded in Egypt during February 1916 to provide personnel for howitzer batteries.

</doc>
<doc id="5893392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893392" title="Jerusalem Governorate">
Jerusalem Governorate

The Jerusalem Governorate ( '; ') is one of the 16 Governorates of Palestine and located in the central part of the West Bank. The Governorate has two sub-districts: "Jerusalem J1", which is includes the localities within the Israeli Jerusalem municipality (East Jerusalem), and "Jerusalem J2", which includes the remaining parts of the Jerusalem Governorate. The district capital of the Governorate is Jerusalem (al-Quds).
The total land area of the governorate is 331.6 km2. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the governorate had a population of 429,500 residents in 2005, accounting for 10.5% of Palestinians living in the Palestinian territories. Adnan al-Husayni was appointed governor in 2008.
Division.
The Jerusalem Governorate is divided into the sub-districts "Jerusalem J1" and "Jerusalem J2". "Jerusalem J1" comprises the parts of the West Bank that were annexed by Israel in 1980 and included within the Israeli municipality Jerusalem. "Jerusalem J1" is usually referred to as East Jerusalem. "Jerusalem J2" comprises the parts of the Governorate that are not included in J1.
Division by sub-district.
Jerusalem J1: Al’ Isawiya, Al - Quds (Old City), Ash - Shayyah, As-Sawahira Al-Gharbiya, As Suwwana, At -Tur, Ath – Thuri, Bab Al-Sahira, Beit Hanina, Beit Safafa, Jabal Al – Mukabbir, Kufr A’qab, Ras Al-Amud, Sharafat, Sheikh Jarrah, Shu’fat, Shu’fat Refugees Camp, Silwan, Sur Bahir, Um Tuba, Wadi Al - Joz
Jerusalem J2: Abu Dis, Al-Eizariya, Al-Jib, Al-Judeira, Al-Qubeiba, Al-Ram, Al-Sawahreh al-Sharqiyeh, 'Anata, An-Nabi Samu’eil, Ash-Sheikh Sa’d, Az Za’eem, Beit Anan, Beit Hanina al-Balad, Beit Ijza, Beit Iksa, Beit Surik, Biddu, Beit Duqqu, Bir Nabala, Dahiat Al-Bareed, Hizma, Jaba’, Khirbet Um Al- Lahem, Mikhmas, Qalandya, Qalandya Refugee Camp, Qatanna, Rafat, the Bedouin community "Al-Khan Al-Ahmar", the Bedouin community "Jaba’", other Bedouin communities (see Bedouin village 'Arab al-Jahalin)
Politics.
After the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, Jerusalem was divided. West Jerusalem came under Israeli rule and East Jerusalem, including the Old City, was ruled by Jordan until 1967. In the 1967 Six-Day War, Israel occupied the West Bank and "de facto" annexed East Jerusalem. East Jerusalem, along with other parts of the West Bank and West Jerusalem, were incorporated in one municipality. However, according to an agreement between the PLO and Israel, East Jerusalem's Palestinian residents that wish so are allowed to participate in the PNA elections, as well as in the elections for the Knesset, Israel's parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="5893393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893393" title="Lawrence Goldman">
Lawrence Goldman

Lawrence Goldman (born 17 June 1957) is an historian and current editor of the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography". He has an M.A. from the University of Oxford and a M.A. and PhD from University of Cambridge. He is a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. 
Born in London, he read history at Jesus College, Cambridge (1976–79) and received a Harkness Fellowship which enabled him to study American history at Yale University. He returned to Cambridge to undertake research in Victorian social science and social policy and in 1982 he was elected a Junior Research Fellow at Trinity College. In 1985, he moved to Oxford as University Lecturer in the Department for Continuing Education. He continues to teach regular adult classes and is president of the Thames and Solent district of the Workers' Educational Association. In 1990, he was appointed to a Fellowship at St Peter's College, where he has also served as admissions tutor and senior dean. 
During the academic year 2000–01, he was the University Assessor, a senior administrator responsible for student welfare. He has served as Chairman of Examiners for the Final Honour School of Modern History and recently chaired the first-ever review of the University archives.
On 1 October 2004, Lawrence Goldman was appointed editor of the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography", published by Oxford University Press, succeeding Brian Harrison.
On 1 October 2014, Sir David Cannadine becomes the new Editor of the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography".

</doc>
<doc id="5893394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893394" title="The Eight Lancashire Lads">
The Eight Lancashire Lads

The Eight Lancashire Lads was a troupe of young male dancers who toured the music halls of Great Britain in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Founders.
They were founded by Bill Cawley and J.W. (William) Jackson (1863–1940) of Wigan, Lancashire. As they became more successful, they recruited other members such as Charlie Chaplin, who got his first professional break with them at the age of ten.
Former members.
Percy Joshua Norman (Pip)was also one the lads. He was in them round about 1921. His wife Pat Norman is now 91 (this is written on 16th March 2013)and living in Bradford. Also his son Chris Norman was in the band Smokie who had a lots of hits all over the world in the 70's. Chris has had a solo career since the 80's and is still touring and recording to this day, he resides in the Isle of Man with his wife and family.
Gabriel Winestein was another of the lads. Born in Leeds, Gabriel joined the troupe in about 1905. Gabriel is the grandfather of Keith Winestein, an actor (stage name Robert Elliot) and Glynis Winestein, a National Trade Union Official.
Records.
A. J. MARRIOT's book "Stage by Stage" lists all of the Lancashire Lads performances that featured Charlie Chaplin

</doc>
<doc id="5893406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893406" title="Shanom">
Shanom

Shanom (born Luis Antonio Vázquez) is a Puerto Rican personality whom reached the height of his popularity between the mid-1980s and 1990s. Shanom is best known for his musical parodies, comedy stunts and his political satire. His morning show has been the only radio show to be aired in both Puerto Rico and the U.S. mainland simultaneously.
Shanom had the second longest-running morning show in the island of Puerto Rico up to 2004 and has received countless distinctions for his radio work as well as his charitable work for the handicapped. Shanom's stage name was "created" by another famous radio personality; José Vallenilla a.k.a. "Funky Joe" who hired him as an assistant producer for a popular morning show (El Meneo, WOYE FM, Cosmos 94) where, because of the nature of the presentation he was forced to create countless parodies and bits that had to compete with the best in the business, this was probably what developed his comedy production style. Later he became the director of the show. Because Luis, had been a musician for most of his life, he had the added benefit of producing very convincing reproductions of the songs he parodied. As a radio producer he holds two outstanding distinctions: longest-running morning show at the number one spot in its market (WCMN, Delta) and as the "show with the most gimmicks and elements produced" to date. Also on this show he included numerous outstanding features that brought continued attention to the presentation such as a mentalist (ELSIE), who's predictions were 100% accurate, international stars and internet "firsts" that placed El Meneo at the top of pop culture at the time. As a musician Shanom has been very influential in the development of what was then considered underground genres, such as reggaeton, Latin Rap and tropical techno music. Influenced by Jose Vallenilla AKA; Funky Joe, he produced some of the first ever reggaeton albums, but this remained however an underground phenomena, his main interest at the time seemed to be the radio parodies for which he was becoming an icon. It was through his radio show that the first ever commercially produced Latin rap album was aired and released when Prime Records hired a young artist known as Vico C. Prior to this, reggaeton and rap were only "street music" and part of the comedy bits presented by a character played by Shanom in his morning show. Shanom then went on to "make over" his personal presentations to include the new developing music. It was here that artists like "Dinamic two", "Vico-C", "Evy Queen" and Falo" found the very first outlets to bring their brand of music into the spot light. (Without Vico C, Dinamic Two and Evy Queen the reggaeton genre would probably not exist.)
Shanom is credited for having launched the career of many radio professionals in the island. This probably started as a gimmick when in the early 1990s any one who dared to enter the production studio would somehow end up in a parody or satire. That included even family members, (some remember his very young son playing some characters in the show) but mainly young aspiring students who later became active radio professionals. Some of Shanom's most outstanding parodies include a song that was created for the then upcoming movie "Batman" (La Baticueva) an original song that gained international attention and also the salsa versions of Michael Jackson's songs. The Batman song was very successful and it led to a record label deal. The station's management decided that it was better to include various songs for which they asked "Wilfred Morales" who at the time was working as a co-producer in (WOYE)Cosmos to re-create commercially the next parody which was beginning to take popularity: "Mi Abuela". This song became the most successful parody ever recorded in PR, and was a hit in both the America's and Europe. Shanom's parodies continued to impress the audience and that lead to yet another album, this time featuring most of Luis's work and out of the control (censorship) of the radio station. Shanom updated the production of radio-novels (a audio comedy version of a Spanish soap opera) by creating the very first surround simulation over the airwaves, this technique won him an award as a production man but he has never revealed how it was done. Luis had a lot to do with the revolution of internet radio in PR. He was the first to air an internet show in the island and had the most popular website for many years, using interactive techniques still fresh to this day. Shanom later paired with one of his students and launched a successful internet radio station dedicated to : Radio Actitud. This radio station has been re-broadcast live in Mexico and Perú and has helped launch the careers of various reggaeton artists. Today, Shanom remains one of the most familiar voices in the Caribbean and an authority in urban music styles. He currently works an adviser to radio stations in the island and the mainland. He produced a morning show with the international actor Braulio Castillo and co-produced a radio network dedicated to children. Shanom is considered an influential musician and continues to work with some of the best in the field producing Jazz and popular music as well. Shanom belongs to the elite group of DJ's that is credited for having developed the new style of radio in America including (but not limited to)air personalities from Puerto Rico such as: Antonio Sánchez (El Gangster) José Vallenilla (Funky Joe), Pepe García, Billy Furket, Red Shadow, Franky Jay, Gilbert Merle, etc. And in the Mainland: Rick Dees, Paco Rabanne, Howard Stern, Ryan Seacrest,etc. Shanom currently directs WVID FM, co-produces the Mayagüez Jazz and the Puerto Rico Strongest People Search event. His production company serves media clients nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="5893420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893420" title="The Savage Rose">
The Savage Rose

The Savage Rose is a Danish psychedelic rock group, founded in 1967 by Thomas Koppel, Anders Koppel, Alex Riel, Jens Rugsted, Flemming Ostermann, and singer Annisette Koppel. Ilse Marie Koppel was also participating. Nils Tuxen replaced Flemming Ostermann from their second album. 
Since the mid-1970s, the group has been an acoustic trio consisting of Thomas Koppel, Annisette Koppel (then Hansen) and John Ravn as a core. From the beginning of the 1990s, the group returned to electric instrumentation. Thomas Koppel died on February 25, 2006.
After the release of "Love and Freedom" in 2012, Savage Rose have been on tour but as of Christmas 2013, they are back in the studio and are recording new songs and re-recording old songs. This time just as in 1968 and 1972, they will be releasing two studio albums. the first album titled "Roots of the Wasteland" is set to be released in April 2014 and the second as of yet untitled will follow later this year. After 47 years and 21 studio albums, they are still going strong.
The first single "Mr. World" was released April 12, 2014 and the new album is set for release May 19. 

</doc>
<doc id="5893435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893435" title="Paul Shearer">
Paul Shearer

Paul Shearer is a British actor who is best known as a member of the "Fast Show" team. His best-known roles on that programme are as a newscaster and a variety show host on the European television parody sketch 'Chanel 9'.
He also appeared in adverts for the furniture store SCS as well as doing a large amount of voice-over work for adverts and TV shows.
Educated at Lancing College and St John's College, Cambridge, where he studied Computer science, Shearer was a member of the Cambridge Footlights and in 1981, along with Stephen Fry, Tony Slattery, Emma Thompson, Penny Dwyer and Hugh Laurie, was part of the team that won the inaugural Perrier Award at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. He appeared with Fry and Laurie in the short-lived ITV series "There's Nothing to Worry About!"

</doc>
<doc id="5893436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893436" title="Amersfoort concentration camp">
Amersfoort concentration camp

Amersfoort concentration camp (, ) was a Nazi concentration camp in Amersfoort in the Netherlands. The official name was "Polizeiliches Durchgangslager Amersfoort", P.D.A. or Police Transitcamp Amersfoort. During the years of 1941 to 1945, over 35,000 prisoners were kept here. The camp was situated in the southern part of Amersfoort, on the city limit between Amersfoort and Leusden in central Netherlands.
Early history.
Kamp Amersfoort in 1939 still was a complex of barracks that supported army artillery exercises on the nearby Leusderheide. From 1941 onwards, it didn't merely function as a transit camp, as the name suggests. The terms "penal camp" or "work camp" would also be fitting. During the existence of the camp many prisoners were put to work in kommandos. In total around 37,000 prisoners were registered at Amersfoort. 
To get to the camp, prisoners had to walk from the railyard through the city and through residential neighborhoods:
Visible in the windows, above and below, of most residences and behind closed lace curtains, were numerous silhouettes, especially those of children. Usually the silhouettes did not move. Sometimes, feebly and furtively, they waved. Children who waved were very quickly pulled back. It was a farewell from the inhabited world -- now a realm of shades.
Two periods: 1941-1943 and 1943-1945.
The history of the camp can be separated into two periods. The first period started on August 18, 1941 and ended in March 1943. In March 1943 all but eight of the first prisoners in Amersfoort were transferred to Kamp Vught. The prisoner transfer to Vught allowed for the completion of an expansion of Kamp Amersfoort. Maintaining the camp, despite Kamp Vught coming 'online' in January 1943, still appeared necessary to the Nazis.
Amersfoort was a transit camp, where prisoners were sent to places like Buchenwald, Mauthausen and Neuengamme. It was on July 15, 1942 that the Germans began deporting Dutch Jews from Amersfoort, Vught and Westerbork to concentration camps and death camps such as Auschwitz, Sobibor and Theresienstadt.
1943 to 1945.
The remaining watchtower, as can be seen on the commemorative place, was built around April/May 1943, when the expansion of Kamp Amersfoort was completed and prisoners could be placed there again. In a lot of ways Kamp Amersfoort had changed relative to the first period. The most important changes were the much larger 'housing capacity', and the faster 'turnover'. What stayed the same, were the anarchy, the lack of hygiene, the lack of food, lack of medical attention and the cruelty of the guards. A point of light for the prisoners was the presence of the Dutch Red Cross. The second period ended on April 19, 1945, when control of the camp was transferred to Loes van Overeem of the Red Cross following the sudden flight of the German camp staff. The facility remained in operation under the auspices of the Red Cross until May 7, when Canadian soldiers of the First Canadian Army arrived to officially liberate the camp. Soldiers of I Canadian Corps fighting north from Arnhem were halted about a mile from Amersfoort before the end of the war, and liberation came on the day the German forces laid down their arms in the Netherlands. The camp and surrounding area was administered by the 1st Canadian Division and later transferred to the 3rd Canadian Division, Canadian Army Occupation Force in June 1945.
Prisoner population and life in Amersfoort.
The fluctuating prisoner population showed an eclectic group of people from all over the Netherlands: Jews, Jehovah's Witnesses, prisoners of war from the Soviet Union, members of the resistance, clergy, black marketeers, clandestine butchers and smugglers. From 1941-1943, 8,800 people were imprisoned in the camp, of which 2,200 were deported to Germany. During the period 1943-1945, 26,500 people were imprisoned, of which 18,000 were sent east to places like Buchenwald and Natzweiler concentration camps.
After the re-opening in 1943, 70 Jews from Kamp Vught and 600 Jews from camp Westerbork of British, American and Hungarian nationality were briefly sent to Kamp Amersfoort. They were joined by contract breakers of the German Arbeitseinsatz (forced labour program), deserted Waffen SS soldiers, deserted German truck drivers of the Nationalsozialistische Kraftfahr-Korps, and lawbreaking members of the NSB (the Dutch National Socialist Movement).
This medley of prisoners was not the only feature that determined the character of Kamp Amersfoort. The extreme cruelty of the camp command made life miserable for thousands of prisoners. Despite their relatively short stay, many prisoners died from deprivations and violence at a camp where "rumour has it that one can hear the screams of people being beaten up there for miles over the heath. It is more than a rumour." Jewish prisoners in particular were treated horribly, not only from guards, but fellow prisoners.
Edith and Rosa Stein, two Hebrew Catholics arrested by the SS, described what it was like arriving at Amersfoort at 3:00 in the morning on August 3, 1942:
Violence from the guards was not the only thing that prisoners had to worry about. Weakened physical conditions from overwork, very little food and poor hygiene in camp made illness and disease another frightening and lonely way to die. Yehudit Harris, a young boy in Amersfoort remembers screaming from the pain as his mother washed him with snow in the winter to rid them of lice and to protect against illness. Even the mattresses that prisoners slept on were often infested with lice, diphtheria, dysentery or T.B.
Amersfoort was a brutal place to be a prisoner and is summed up by Elie Cohen, was said that "transfer from Amersfoort to Westerbork was like going from hell to heaven.
Camp organizational structure.
Highest responsible authority went to the Lagerkommandant (camp commander). Below him was the Lagerführer (camp leader), who actually ran the camp. His assistants were the Blockführer (barrack leaders). Virtually all prisoners were divided into workgroups or Kommandos. These kommandos were led by an Arbeitsführer. The lowest leadership level were the Altesten (Elders), also called "prominents" or "foremen". These were prisoners, who in exchange for taking care of minor issues, usually theft among prisoners, received special privileges.
Camp leadership.
Wachbataillon Nord-West (6 companies, around 1200 men total) was commanded by SS-Hauptsturmführer Paul Anton Helle. 
The first of these six companies was in charge of Kamp Amersfoort, under the command of SS-Obersturmführer Walter Heinrich. This company was split into Kamp-SS (20 men selected by Heinrich) and Guard-SS (100 men).
The first camp leader was SS-Schutzhaftlagerführer I Hans Cornelis Stöver. From January 1, 1943, the camp leader was SS-Schutzhaftlagerführer II Karl Peter Berg. Berg was a very cruel man, who was described as a "predator who derived great pleasure from the agony of others". During roll call he loved to sneak about unnoticed behind the rows of men and catch someone in some violation, such as talking or not following orders properly. With a big grin, he would torment his victim." 
Another camp leader was SS-UnterSchutzhaftlagerführer Josef Johann Kotälla, a notorious sadist who often replaced Stöver during his absence. This former sales representative and repeat psychiatric patient was one of the most infamous SS guards in Amersfoort. B.W. Stomps, a Resistance fighter sent to Amersfoort recalled Kotälla's actions in the Christmas season of 1944:
On 23 December, Kotälla announced a ban on parcels for three weeks, which meant no Red Cross presents for Christmas or New Year. He further cancelled breakfast, lunch and dinner on Christmas Day itself, using the discovery of a smuggled letter as a pretext. And as an extra punishment on Christmas morning he kept the men standing on the parade ground, which was covered with thick snow, from their roll-call at seven till half past midday. A few days before, the geese for the guards' Christmas dinner had been on show, hanging on the barbed wire.
Also notorious were Blockführer Franzka, SS-Arbeitsdienstführer Max Ritter, SS-er Hugo Hermann Wolf, among many others. 
In 1948 the camp commandant and guards of Amersfoort were tried and convicted for their crimes. Karl Peter Berg was sentenced to death and was executed in 1949. Josef Johann Kotälla was also sentenced to death but it was later commuted to life in prison. Along with three other prisoners he become involved in what was known as the "Breda Four," a group of prisoners whose possible release stirred up very strong feelings amongst Dutchmen. Kotalla was never released and died in prison.
The Netherlands Institute for War Documentation (NIOD), has many resources to the guards of Amersfoort and their trials. The NIOD has dossiers on the following Amersfoort guards and personnel: Berg, Brahm, Dohmen, Fernau, Helle, Kotalla, May, van der Neut, Oberle, Stover, Voight, Westerveld and Wolf. Newspaper clippings are available for Berg, Fernau, Stover and Helle.
Court records for the trial of these guards are also available, the following being a sampling of what is available:
1.) Indictment and verbal reports made by the period of the trial against EE Alscher, K.P. Berg, E. Brahm, J.J. Kotälla, e.g. May, J. Oberle and H.H. Wolf, November 16–14 December 1948.
2.) Graphic shorthand reports made by the period of the trial against EE Alscher, K.P. Berg, E. Brahm, J.J. Kotälla, e.g. May, J. Oberle and H.H. Wolf, 16–23 November 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="5893437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893437" title="Timeline of the 2006 Pacific typhoon season">
Timeline of the 2006 Pacific typhoon season

The 2006 Pacific typhoon season had no official bounds; it ran year-round in 2006, but most tropical cyclones tend to form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean between June and December. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.
For the PAGASA, 20 systems formed or entered in their area during 2006. Meanwhile, Hurricane Ioke crossed the 180th meridian as a Category 5 during late-August and early-September, but during early-December, the remnants of Typhoon Durian crossed the 100th meridian east and continued as a tropical depression.
Timeline.
The following timeline documents the major events in the season with regards to tropical cyclone formation, strengthening, weakening, landfall, extratropicality and dissipation. Please note that the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) is considered to be official for this tropical cyclone basin; Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) is only responsible for Philippine warnings while the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) releases unofficial advisories for the United States Military in the Marianas, Japan and South Korea.
All landfalls are bolded and referred to in JMA terms. The JTWC storms are referred to numerically, to avoid confusion, as the JTWC sometimes recognises a storm at a different intensity compared to the JMA. For the purposes of the timeline, all events stemming from JTWC advisories will be documented by time of issuance, rather than by the operational time of observed information (3 hours before). The timeline does not deal with the end of PAGASA-monitored storms; if the JTWC or the JMA did not monitor such a storm it should be assumed that the storm did not cause major damage or make landfall, and simply dissipated or left the area of jurisdiction of PAGASA.

</doc>
<doc id="5893443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893443" title="Myrmica lampra">
Myrmica lampra

Myrmica lampra is a species of ant found in Quebec, named in 1968 by Andre Francoeur. The species is evidently "inquiline" (it lives in the nest of other "Myrmica" species).

</doc>
<doc id="5893445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893445" title="Myrmica laurae">
Myrmica laurae

Myrmica laurae is a species of ant. It does not have a common name. The ant is found in Italy. It is considered vulnerable on the IUCN Red List.

</doc>
<doc id="5893456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893456" title="Stymie (horse)">
Stymie (horse)

Stymie (April 4, 1941 - 1962) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
Stymie, a chestnut horse with a narrow white blaze was bred by Max Hirsch, and was born on King Ranch, in Texas.
As a young horse, Stymie possessed so terrible a disposition that his ability to race was hampered; his trainer did not see much in him. Therefore, two of Stymie's first three starts were claiming races.
On June 2, 1943, Stymie was bought by Hirsch Jacobs, one of the time's leading trainers. Jacobs claimed the horse for $1,500 for his wife Ethel Jacobs.
Stymie was to race ten more times before being led to the winner's circle. However, even then his racing record was still unimpressive; seven wins out of fifty starts.
Racing Career and Wins.
At age two, Stymie lost every race he ran save one. The best he could do in better company at two was place in the Ardsley Handicap and show in the Thomas K. Lynch Memorial Handicap. He also lost most of his three-year-old races. At three, he came in second in the Wood Memorial Stakes, and third in the Gallant Fox Handicap, Westchester Handicap, Riggs Handicap, Pimlico Cup Handicap, Flamingo Stakes, and the Shevlin Stakes.
In 1945, the US government shut down racing for four months. Stymie, meanwhile, enjoyed a seven month rest, which did infinite good to him. As the ban was lifted from the racetracks, he reappeared eager and refreshed.
Stymie won the Brooklyn Handicap, Butler Handicap, Westchester Handicap, Pimlico Cup Handicap, Riggs Handicap, Saratoga Cup, Continental Handicap, Grey Lag Handicap, came in second in the Suburban Handicap, the Queens County Handicap and Yonkers Handicap, and third in the Pimlico Special, Jockey Club Gold Cup, Merchants' and Citizens' Handicap, and the Whitney Stakes. At age five, he won the Gallant Fox Handicap (beating the winner of the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing, Assault), New York Handicap, Grey Lag Handicap, Manhattan Handicap, Edgemere Handicap, Whitney Stakes, and the Saratoga Cup, placed in the Brooklyn Handicap, Dixie Handicap, Jockey Club Gold Cup, Monmouth Handicap, and the Pimlico Special, and showed in the Suburban Handicap, Butler Handicap, Saratoga Handicap and Sussex Handicap. At six years of age, Stymie won the Gold Cup, Gallant Fox Handicap, Massachusetts Handicap, Aqueduct Handicap, Metropolitan Handicap, Sussex Handicap, Questionnaire Handicap, placed in the Brooklyn Handicap, Butler Handicap, Edgemere Handicap, Manhattan Handicap, and Queens County Handicap, and came home third in the Jockey Club Gold Cup and Whitney Stakes. When he was seven, he won the Aqueduct Handicap, Metropolitan Handicap, Sussex Handicap, took second in the Suburban Handicap, Dixie Handicap, Queens County Handicap, and third in the Brooklyn Handicap and Excelsior Handicap. In his last year at eight, he was second in the New York Handicap.
In 1947, His racing career came to an abrupt end in the Monmouth Handicap when he suffered a fractured a sesamoid bone in his right forefoot.
Career Starts and Wins.
Out of 131 lifetime starts, he won 35, placed in 33, and showed in 28. Stymie's career winnings added up to $918,485. That made him, at the time, the richest race horse in America. 
At Suffolk Downs on July 7, 1947, Stymie became the first horse ever to eclipse the $700,000 earnings mark. Stymie was so heavily bet that a minus show pool of $25,887 was created that day, and the tote board briefly, jammed due to the flood of money wagered on him.
Legacy.
A grandson of Equipoise and inbred to Man O' War, in 1975, he was elected to the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame. In the Blood-Horse magazine ranking of the top 100 U.S. thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century, Stymie is ranked #41.
Jacobs, who died in 1970, was elected as a trainer to the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1958. He and his wife named their Sparks, Maryland breeding operation Stymie Manor.
Stymie died in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="5893477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893477" title="Konispol">
Konispol

Konispol is the southernmost town in Albania. It sits one kilometer away from the Albanian-Greek border. The municipality consists of the town Konispol and the village Çiflik.
The town's main interests are agriculture and viticulture. The city is the center of the Cham Albanian community.
History.
The area was part of the ancient region of Epirus.
In 1943 Konispol became the battleground of a fierce conflict between German-Cham collaborationist units and the Albanian resistance.
In 1992, 7 caves were discovered just north of the town. They dated from the Upper Paleolithic age to the Iron Age.
Location.
Konispol is:

</doc>
<doc id="5893494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893494" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in the West Midlands">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in the West Midlands

__NOTOC__
There are twenty-three Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in the county of the West Midlands, England. , of the twenty-three designated sites, eleven have been designated due to their biological interest, nine due to their geological interest and three for both. In England, the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses sites because of their flora, fauna, geological or physiographical features. Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974-1996 county system with each area being called an Area of Search. In the West Midlands case, the Area of Search matches the county boundary.
The West Midlands is the second largest conurbation, after Greater London, with a population of over 2.6 million inhabitants. Consisting of three large cities: Wolverhampton, Birmingham and Coventry, the county of the West Midlands is also one of the most densely populated areas in the United Kingdom. The result of this large human population is that every part of the area has been influenced by humans—often negatively—for example, the clearance of woodland to make room for agriculture. The West Midlands is an area of relatively high ground, ranging from around above sea level, forming the "Birmingham Plateau". It is crossed by Britain's main north-south watershed between the basins of the Rivers Severn and Trent. The main habitat types in the area are heathland, woodland and grassland, all of which are found in both urban and rural contexts.
Between the West Midlands conurbation and Coventry is a stretch of green belt land roughly across known as the "Meriden Gap", which retains a strongly rural character, and is the site of a number of SSSIs including Berkswell Marsh. A smaller green belt is located between Birmingham, Walsall and West Bromwich which includes Sutton Park in Sutton Coldfield. Sutton Park, an SSSI and National Nature Reserve, has an area of making it one of the largest urban parks in Europe and the largest European park outside a capital city.

</doc>
<doc id="5893504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893504" title="List of High Commissioners of New Zealand to Tonga">
List of High Commissioners of New Zealand to Tonga

The High Commissioner from New Zealand to Tonga is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Kingdom of Tonga, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in Tonga.
The High Commission is located in Nukualofa, Tonga's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident High Commissioner in Tonga since 1976.
As fellow members of the Commonwealth of Nations, diplomatic relations between New Zealand and Tonga are at governmental level, rather than between Heads of State. Thus, the countries exchange High Commissioners, rather than ambassadors.

</doc>
<doc id="5893506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893506" title="Willie Blair">
Willie Blair

William Allen Blair (born December 18, 1965) is a former journeyman right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball and current Bullpen coach for the San Diego Padres.
Playing career.
Blair played baseball for Morehead State University before the Toronto Blue Jays drafted him in the 11th round of the 1986 amateur draft.
He spent four seasons in the Blue Jays minor league system, playing for the St. Catharines Blue Jays (1986), the Dunedin Blue Jays (1987–1988), the Knoxville Smokies (1988), and the Syracuse Chiefs (1989). In his career, Blair pitched with the Blue Jays (1990), Cleveland Indians (1991), Houston Astros (1992), Colorado Rockies (1993–1994), San Diego Padres (1995–1996), Detroit Tigers (1997, 1999–2001), Arizona Diamondbacks (1998), and New York Mets (1998).
Highlights.
His best year was 1997, in which he had 16–8 record and an earned run average (ERA) of 4.17. In 1999, Blair was the starting pitcher for the final Opening Day in Tiger Stadium history.
Coaching career.
He was the pitching coach for the Fort Wayne TinCaps for the 2011 and 2012 seasons, and on December 11, 2012, he was named bullpen coach of the San Diego Padres, replacing Jimmy Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="5893524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893524" title="The Warrior and the Sorceress">
The Warrior and the Sorceress

The Warrior and the Sorceress is a 1984 Argentine-American fantasy action film directed by John C. Broderick and starring David Carradine, María Socas, and Luke Askew. It was written by Broderick (story and screenplay) and William Stout (story).
"The Warrior and the Sorceress" is a version of the classic Kurosawa film "Yojimbo". The film is noted chiefly for containing extensive nudity and violence, being one of the more extreme examples of the sword-and-sorcery genre. It is also considered by some to be a cult classic.
Synopsis.
On a distant galaxy lies the desert planet of Ura, which has two suns. There, two rival warlords, Zeg and Bal Caz, constantly fight against each other in a battle over the village's only wellspring. The mercenary warrior Kain emerges and announces that his skills are for hire to the highest bidder. Naja, a beautiful sorceress that has been taken captive by Zeg changes Kain's purpose to take the well for himself, instead choosing to save Naja and the village people. Kain starts entangling the situation, and by taking advantage of the ongoing feud, he seeks to debilitate the rival warlords and defeat them.
Similarities with "Yojimbo".
According to David Carradine's book "Spirit of Shaolin", it was clear before production started that the film was going to be a version of Akira Kurosawa's 1961 Samurai film "Yojimbo", and Carradine talked about it with executive producer Roger Corman:
This story would however appear to be apocryphal as Kurosawa and Toho Studios did in fact successfully sue Sergio Leone.

</doc>
<doc id="5893533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893533" title="Dražanj">
Dražanj

Dražanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Дражањ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in the municipality of Grocka.
Dražanj is located in the southern part of the municipality, in the northern Šumadija region, between the macro-region of Podunavlje and northeastern slopes of the Kosmaj mountain. It is situated on the Ralja river, on both the rail and highway Belgrade-Niš (37 km southeast of Belgrade).
Dražanj is classified as a rural settlement (the village), and it is one of the most depopulating settlements in the municipality (population of 1,855 in 1991, and 1,548 in 2002). Economy is almost entirely based on agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="5893536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893536" title="Albany Municipal Airport">
Albany Municipal Airport

Albany Municipal Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5893552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893552" title="1991 PBA season">
1991 PBA season

The 1991 PBA season was the 17th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="5893553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893553" title="OC Transpo Route 95">
OC Transpo Route 95

OC Transpo Route 95 is the Ottawa transit network's busiest route, running on the Transitway across the city. The termination points are located in Barrhaven at Barrhaven Centre Station, and in Orléans at Place d'Orléans Station. Weekday trips may be extended to Trim Station, a few minutes east of Place d'Orléans. In addition, some trips also start or end at Baseline Station in the west end. During rush hour, a few trips start or end at Tunney's Pasture Station. Originally, the route served only the city core, but since the 1990s, the route has been expanded significantly to serve suburban areas, starting with Orléans in the early 1990s and Barrhaven in 2000.
History.
During the 1970s and 1980s, the Regional Municipality of Ottawa-Carleton approved the construction of a new transit corridor called the Transitway. The purpose of this busway was to increase the speed of city-bound services from east and west. The first sections were built in 1983: in the southwest between Lincoln Fields and Baseline, and in the east between Lees and Hurdman. Gradually, those two sections were extended through the addition of a central Transitway in the Westboro and Mechanicsville areas, as well as in the downtown core along Albert and Slater streets, with the addition of designated bus lanes. There was also an eastern extension towards the St. Laurent and Cyrville areas, built during the late 1980s.
Route 95 became very important when the Transitway route was further developed. Priority measures were introduced on Woodroffe Avenue and on Regional Route 174 towards Orleans. The route rapidly became the city's busiest, requiring a very frequent service on weekdays and weekends. In the early 1990s, it ran from Baseline Station towards St. Laurent and then to Blair. As the suburbs grew in the 1990s and early 2000s, its coverage extended towards Barrhaven in the southwest and Orléans in the east. The Barrhaven extension was made after the construction of Fallowfield Station at the corner of Woodroffe and Fallowfield road in 2000, while the expansion to Orléans was possible subsequent to the opening of Place d'Orléans Station. Prior to the expansion of Route 95 toward the suburbs, the local service in Barrhaven served Baseline and/or Bayshore Stations, while the local Orléans service ended at Blair Station. The route will further change in future years with the continuation of major developments in those two suburbs.
Recent Changes.
In 2003, OC Transpo opened a new Park-and-Ride facility at the corner of Trim Road and Regional Road 174, which became Trim Station. Initially, they added rush hour trips from LeBreton Station to Trim. Due to increasing demand, additional trips were added and frequent service is now provided on weekdays between 6 AM and 3 AM.
OC Transpo built a new extension of the southwest transitway in 2005. The new roadway was built parallel to Woodroffe Avenue from the Nepean Sportsplex south of Hunt Club Road towards Fallowfield Station, which opened in 2000. The 95 and express buses from Barrhaven travel along that stretch. Service on Woodroffe, previously provided by the 95, was replaced by Route 157, which is a rush hour-only route. The frequency of the 95 did not improve, due to which there were public complaints, as Woodroffe Avenue was widened to four lanes at the same time. In addition, the Via railroad track that crosses Woodroffe and the transitway is by a level crossing - a singularity on the exclusive busway network.
Following the 2006 TransPlan public consultations, OC Transpo extended the 95 south of Fallowfield Station to a new Park and Ride facility located at the corner of Greenbank and Strandherd, near a bustling and expanding shopping district and neighbouring residential developments. In the future, a new transitway extension will be built to connect the southern sections of Barrhaven, and will be completed with the creation of Strandherd and Marketplace Stations. Before its cancellation on December 14, 2006, the north-south light-rail extension project between downtown Ottawa to South Barrhaven would have connected with the 95 near Chapman Hills. Those who opposed the light-rail project believed it would faster to take the 95 rather than the O-Train 
In 2009, 24-hour service was introduced on the 95 between Fallowfield and Place d'Orléans. Service during the newly-operated hours is every 30 minutes. [http://ottawa.ca/calendar/ottawa/citycouncil/tc/2009/05-20/ACS2009-ICS-TRA-0006.htm]
TransPlan 2011 proposed to modify route 95 within Barrhaven by adding a dedicated Transitway segment between Fallowfield Station and Barrhaven Centre Station. Longfields Station was added, along with moving the current Barrhaven Centre Station South, near the corner of Jockvale/Chapman Mills (Chapman Mills is being extended to Jockvale). Buses no longer use Greenbank Road due to these changes. A lot of other changes to other Barrhaven routes also took place, including heavy modifications to existing routes, such as rapid-transit route 94, peak route 186, express routes 70, 71, 73 and 76, cross-town route 176, and local routes 170, 171 and 177. New local route 175 was added; local route 173 and peak route 195 were to be removed (route 173 remained in service as a result of public consultations).
Effective mid-April 2011, route 95, along with almost all other Barrhaven bus routes, is modified to improve service to, from, and within Barrhaven. The new leg of the Transitway (between Fallowfield Station and Barrhaven Centre Station) was opened at this time, prompting OC Transpo to provide modifications. Route 95 serves Barrhaven Centre Station 24/7. Frequencies on route 95 will also be increased at all times of all days. Route 94, which used to start/end at Tunney's Pasture Station was extended to/from Barrhaven via Woodroffe Avenue and the Transitway to supplement route 95. Several other modifications also took place at that time, including express routes 70, 71, 73, 76, and 77, local service (existing routes 170, 171, 173, and 177, and new route 175), and cross-town route 176. Route 186 to/from Manotick also underwent changes.
Future Changes.
The City of Ottawa has also conducted public consultations over the Greenbank Road extension and realignment. There are plans to add designated bus lanes along Greenbank from south of Strandherd to Cambrian Road (and possibly further south) in conjunction with future development growth. It is possible that the 95 and other bus services will use the corridor towards those new communities.
Buses.
During the early years, GM articulated buses were used for the 95. During the late 1980s and 1990s, the route was served by Orion III Ikarus articulated buses that were built during the second half of the decade. Some of those buses were purchased from the Toronto Transit Commission in the mid 1990s. There were problems over the bodywork and rust on these vehicles. These buses were also not air-conditioned and the doors would sometimes get people's ankles caught in the door rail. With the arrival of new articulated buses built by New Flyer Industries, OC Transpo gradually shifted to the New Flyer's D60LF model, a change completed in 2003. Between late 2010 and early 2011, the New Flyer D60LFs will be gradually replaced by New Flyer's D60LFRs.
Purpose.
The very frequent service of the 95 (compared to the 96 and 97) is unsurprising, as it is the only transit route that serves more than one major suburban area (Barrhaven and Orléans). The 95 serves five major Park and Ride facilities, including Fallowfield, Strandherd, Baseline, Place d'Orléans and Trim. There are smaller facilities near Blair and Jeanne d'Arc Stations. It also serves both of the city's Via Rail train stations. Several major tourist attractions are served by the 95, including Parliament Hill, the Rideau Canal, the Byward Market and the Canadian War Museum north of Lebreton Station.
It is also a major route for shoppers. In addition to new commercial district coverage with additional service to the Greenbank/Strandherd area, the 95 also serves College Square located at Baseline Road and Woodroffe, Lincoln Fields Shopping Centre on Carling, St. Laurent Shopping Centre, Place d'Orléans, the Rideau Centre, the Sparks Street Mall, the Bank Street Promenade and Shopper's City East near Blair Station.
Educational institutes along this route include Woodroffe High School (near Lincoln Fields), Algonquin College (near Baseline Station), the University of Ottawa, Lisgar Collegiate Institute (both near downtown), and Gloucester High School.
Additional bus rapid transit routes.
After the 2006 TransPlan public meetings, whose purpose was to discuss the improvement of transit services across the city, three rapid-transit routes were created and extended to Orléans. The main purpose of these changes was to offer east-end residents alternatives to Route 95 during the planned construction of the O-Train in the downtown core and to improve local service in growing communities in the east end. These three routes provide frequent service in addition to Route 95 on the eastern transitway corridor. It also followed plans by the Transportation Committee to improve travel times between the east and west ends of the city. Service to the 95 in Orléans was not modified.
OC Transpo Route 94.
Route 94 is a new rapid transit route that travels from the community of Avalon to Tunney's Pasture Station. While its service was originally limited to rush hour, OC Transpo plans on improving the frequency due to new developments south of Innes Road between Navan Road and Trim Road as well as the increase of new big-box and department stores that are located along Innes Road. It is unclear whether route 94 will use a future transitway road that will link South Orléans to Blair Station and Hurdman Station.
Midday service was added in September 2007 as it ran westbound from 6 AM to 8 PM and eastbound from 9 AM to 8 PM with 30 minute service during midday hours in both directions and westbound during afternoon rush hour. Midday service was increased to every 15 minutes during the spring of 2008 with earlier and later eastbound service added as well. Thirty minute weekend service from 9 AM to 7 PM was added in September 2008 as well as more evening service in both directions up to 10 PM and later until midnight in 2009 with headway increased to every 15 minutes on weekends. [http://www.octranspo.com/mapscheds/Service_Changes/2009/2009_SeptChange_menuE.htm]
TransPlan 2011 called for route 94 to be extended from its current Western termination point at Tunney's Pasture Station to Barrhaven as part of Barrhaven's bus route changes. Route 94 would follow the South-West Transitway to Fallowfield Station, where buses would then use Woodroffe Avenue to end at the intersection of Strandherd/Woodroffe. Rush hour route 94 trips would be diverted along Crestway Drive, Leikin Drive, Bill Leathem Drive and Longfields Drive back to Woodroffe Avenue, replacing route 195's service to the RCMP headquarters. When the Strandherd-Armstrong Bridge is completed (connecting Barrhaven to Riverside South), route 94 would terminate at Riverview Station. All of these TransPlan recommendations were approved and were implemented in mid-April 2011.
In late 2011, service after 1 AM changed to operate along Rideau Street to being service closer to the Byward Market. These trips do not serve Barrhaven, and instead start/end at Tunney's Pasture Station.
In April 2013, route 94 had its western terminus changed to the new Nepean Woods Station, located near the corner of Woodroffe/Strandherd in Barrhaven. A new park and ride lot was opened on 24 February 2014 at the new station. Buses traveling to Nepean Woods Station are signed 94 NEPEAN WOODS.
Currently, route 94 operates every 4-10 minutes during morning peak to Tunney's Pasture Station and to Millennium Station in the afternoon, with selected trips extended to Nepean Woods Station in the morning (via Leikin and signed 94 NEPEAN WOODS VIA RCMP) and from Nepean Woods via Leikin in the afternoon. Trips to Millennium Station in the morning and to Barrhaven in the afternoon are every 10-15 minutes, with supplementary service between Baseline Station and Hurdman Station/Blair Station. Midday service is every 15 minutes between Barrhaven at Nepean Woods Station and Orleans at Millennium Station. Evening service is every 15 minutes from Baseline Station to Millennium Station with 15-30 minute trips from Nepean Woods Station, and 15 minute service is provided from Millennium Station to Nepean Woods Station. Late evening and late night service is 30 minutes between Tunney's Pasture Station and Millennium Station, with 30 minute service between Fallowfield Station and Nepean Woods Station. There is no service on route 94 between Tunney's Pasture Station and Fallowfield Station after approximately 10 PM.
Saturday service is generally every 15 minutes between Tunney's Pasture and Millennium, with 30 minute service to/from Nepean Woods. Early morning, evening, and late night service is every 30 minutes, with no service between Tunney's and Fallowfield before approx. 8:20 AM and after approx. 9:30 PM eastbound and 10:20 PM westbound. Sunday morning service is also every 15 minutes between Tunney's and Millennium. Afternoon service is every 15 minutes between Baseline and Millennium. Service to/from Barrhaven is every 30 minutes all day except Sunday morning westbound, where it is every 15 minutes. Early morning, evening, and late night service is every 30 minutes, with no service between Tunney's and Fallowfield before approx. 10:15 AM and after approx. 6 PM eastbound and 6:30 PM westbound.
OC Transpo Route 101.
Route 99, previously running from Blair Station to Bayshore Station (and rush hour trips to Kanata North Business Park) for over 25 years, was renumbered to route 101 and extended to Orléans to allow residents to travel to the west end of the city (such as Bayshore Station) without traveling through downtown. However, most morning rush hour trips to and from Kanata did not serve Orléans (where service is provided by peak route 102 that travels to/from Tunney's Pasture Station). Since April 15, 2007, four AM rush hour trips traveled from Orléans to Kanata, while all PM peak trips did the opposite.
The route runs every 30 minutes and 6 days a week with headways of 10 minutes during rush hour to (AM) and from (PM) Kanata. 10-15 minute service is provided during rush hour in the other direction. Service outside rush hour has been improved with buses running every 20 minutes until 9-10 PM. During its first years of operation, Route 99 ran on Sundays and late on Saturday evenings, before service cuts were made. There are no immediate plans to re-introduce Sunday service despite being designated as a rapid transit bus route. It also previously served areas of Industrial, Innes, Star Top and Blair Roads before ending at Blair Station. Some trips ended at Hurdman Station before it was revised to remain on the Eastern Transitway. Those portions of the route were replaced by Routes 125 and 126. In its early years, the 99 did not travel via Carling Avenue and Booth Street.
Both route 101 and 102 use the Queensway in addition to the Transitway. While Route 101 is generally much faster than crosstown route 2 that linked Blair Station to Bayshore Station (route 2 was shortened later), it is more susceptible to lengthy delays due to accidents, traffic tie-ups and construction on Highway 417. Future Transitway extensions in the west end from Queensway Station to Bayshore Station will minimize the risk of delays on route 101.
In September 2007, the 101 expanded its service hours to include Sunday service between Kanata North and Queensway Station for employees working at Kanata North Business Park, but this service was later discontinued in September 2009. Some Orléans trips on Saturdays were also extended to/from Kanata during the morning westbound and in the afternoon and evening eastbound.
In September 2011, route 101 was once again reduced, now, the buses travel between St. Laurent Station in the East End, and Bayshore Station in the west end. Service to Kanata North is provided by new rapid transit route 93.
OC Transpo Route 102.
Route 102 offers similar service during rush hour towards Tunney's Pasture. It follows most of Route 101 until the Ottawa Civic Hospital on Carling Avenue. The City of Ottawa, in collaboration with the local newspaper, L'Express d'Orléans, have offered coupons for free rides for one day to those who were travelling or trying the route from Orléans to Tunney's Pasture. Its service has replaced the supplementary trips of Route 99 from Blair to Carling but extended to Tunney's Pasture via Holland Avenue. It also replaces Route 101 for rush hour service to (PM) and from (AM) Orléans with headways of 10-12 minutes.
Miscellaneous.
Frequencies.
This route is considered the busiest of all the OC Transpo network as it serves two booming suburban communities and key transit stations such as Mackenzie King Station, Lincoln Fields Station, Baseline Station, St. Laurent Station and Blair Station, all of which are major transfer hubs to local or STO service. It also travels through the heart of the touristic area and the biggest employment area, and three of the biggest shopping centres across the city—St. Laurent, Place d'Orléans and the Rideau Centre—are all served by route 95. The heavily commercial area of Barrhaven was also added on the 95's route. In addition, route 101 serves the Pinecrest Shopping Centre and Bayshore Shopping Centre in the west end.
The 95 is the busiest route every day and as such operates 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. It runs every 5 minutes between Orleans and Baseline (10 minutes to/from Barrhaven Centre Station and 10 minutes to/from Trim Station) on weekdays and only every 1–4 minutes during rush hour. Trips to Trim are provided until 3 AM on weekdays only. During Saturdays, early mornings are every half hour between Barrhaven Centre and Place d'Orleans, and every 15 minutes after 6 AM. Midday headway is every 15 minutes between Barrhaven Centre and Orleans, with supplementary trips between Baseline and Orleans and between Tunney's Pasture and Orleans. Late night Saturday service is 30 minutes between Barrhaven Centre and Orleans, with supplementary trips between Fallowfield and Orleans. Sunday service is also every 15 minutes between Barrhaven Centre Station and Place d'Orleans, with supplementary trips between Tunney's and Orleans. Sunday early mornings and late evenings are every 30 minutes between Barrhaven and Orleans.
Destination signs.
Route 95 has several different destinations depending on the trip.
Eastbound trips.
Eastbound trip signs include:
Westbound trips.
Westbound trip signs includes :

</doc>
<doc id="5893557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893557" title="Rif War">
Rif War

The Rif War, also called the Second Moroccan War, was fought in the early 1920s between the colonial power Spain (later assisted by France) and the Moroccan Berbers of the Rif mountainous region. Led by Abd al-Karim, the Rifs at first defeated the Spanish forces by using guerrilla tactics and captured European weapons. After France's entry into the conflict and the massive landing of Spanish troops at Al Hoceima, el-Krim surrendered to the French and went to exile. Despite victory, controversy in Spain over the conduct of the war led to a military coup by General Miguel Primo de Rivera in 1923 and foreshadowed the Spanish Civil War of 1936-39.
Forces involved.
Rifian forces.
The Berber tribesmen had a long tradition of fierce fighting skills, combined with high standards of fieldcraft and marksmanship. They were capably led by Muhammad Ibn 'Abd al-Karim al-Khattabi, commonly called Abd al-Karim, who showed both military and political expertise. However, the Rifian regular army was never a very large force. The elite of the Rifian forces formed regular units which according to Abd el-Krim, quoted by the Spanish General Manuel Goded, numbered 6,000 to 7,000. Other sources put it much lower, at around 2,000 to 3,000. 
The remaining Rifians were tribal militia selected by their Caids and not liable to serve away from their homes and farms for more than fifteen consecutive days. General Goded estimated that at their peak, in June 1924, the Rifian forces numbered about 80,000 men, although Abd el-Krim was never able to arm more than 20,000 men at a time. In the final days of the war Rifian forces numbered about 12,000 men. In addition Rifian forces were not well armed, with weapons badly maintained and in poor condition.
Spanish forces.
Initially, the Spanish forces in Morocco were largely composed of conscripts and reservists from Spain itself. These "Peninsular" troops were poorly supplied and prepared, few had marksmanship skills and proper battle training, and widespread corruption was reported amongst the officer corps, reducing supplies and morale. Even with their numerical superiority, they proved no match for the highly skilled and motivated Rifian forces. Accordingly, much reliance came to be placed on the mainly professional units comprising Spain's "Army of Africa". Since 1911, these had included regiments of Moroccan Regulares, who proved to be excellent soldiers. 
Following the difficulties and setbacks that it had experienced, the Spanish army began to adopt much in organization and tactics from the French North African forces garrisoning most of Morocco and neighboring Algeria. Particular attention was paid to the French Foreign Legion and a Spanish equivalent, the Tercio de Extranjeros ("Regiment of Foreigners"), known in English as the "Spanish Legion", was formed in 1920. The regiment's second commander was then-Colonel Francisco Franco, having risen rapidly through the ranks. 
Less than 25% of this "Foreign Legion" were, in fact, non-Spanish. Harshly disciplined and driven, they quickly acquired a reputation for ruthlessness. As their number grew, the Spanish Legion and the Regulares increasingly led offensive operations after the disasters that had been suffered by the conscript forces.
Course of war.
Early stages.
As an outcome of the Treaty of Fez (1912) Spain gained possession of the lands around Melilla and Ceuta. In 1920, the Spanish commissioner, General Dámaso Berenguer, decided to conquer the eastern territory from the Jibala tribes, but had little success. On 1 July 1921, the Spanish army in north-eastern Morocco collapsed when defeated by the forces of Abd el-Krim, in what became known in Spain as the disaster of Annual, some 8,000 soldiers and officers reported killed or disappeared out of some 20,000. The Spanish were pushed back and during the following five years, occasional battles were fought between the two. The Rifian forces advanced to the east and captured over 130 Spanish military posts. 
By late August 1921, Spain lost all the territories it had gained since 1909. Spanish troops were pushed back to Melilla, which was their biggest base in the eastern Rif. Spain still had 14,000 soldiers in Melilla. However, Abd el-Krim ordered his forces not to attack the town. He subsequently told the writer J. Roger-Matthieu that since citizens of other European nations were residing in Melilla, it was feared they would intervene in the war should their citizens come to harm. Other reasons included the dispersal of Rifian fighters from several loosely allied tribes following the victory at Annual; and the arrival in Melilla of substantial reinforcements from the Legion and other Spanish units recalled from operations in western Morocco. By the end of August Spanish forces at Melilla numbered 36,000 under General Jose Sanjurjo and the slow process of recovering the lost territory could begin. 
Thus the Spanish could keep their biggest base in the eastern Rif. Later Abd el-Krim would admit: ""I bitterly regret this order. It was my biggest mistake. All the following tenor of events happened because of this mistake."" 
By January 1922 the Spanish had retaken their major fort at Monte Arruit (where they found the bodies of 2,600 of the garrison) and had reoccupied the coastal plain as far as Tistutin and Batel. The Rifian forces had consolidated their hold of the inland mountains and stalemate was reached. Even Spanish command of the sea was uncertain and in March a Spanish warship was sunk in Alhucemas Bay by Rifian artillery. 
In 1924, during fighting at Dar Aquba, Abd el-Krim's men inflicted a staggering loss on the Spanish colonial forces, killing over 10,000 men. In a bid to break the stalemate, the Spanish military turned to the use of chemical weapons against the Riffians.
French intervention.
In May 1924, the French Army had established a line of posts north of the Oureghla River in disputed tribal territory. On 12 April 1925, an estimated 8,000 Rifians attacked this line and in two weeks over 40 of 66 French posts had been stormed or abandoned. French casualties exceeded 1,000 killed, 3,700 wounded and 1,000 missing - representing losses of over 20 percent of the French forces deployed in the Rif. The French accordingly intervened on the side of Spain, employing up to 160,000 well trained and equipped troops from Metropolitan, North African, Senegalese and Foreign Legion units, as well as Moroccan auxiliaries. With total Spanish forces now numbering about 90,000 the Rifian forces were now seriously outnumbered by their Franco-Spanish opponents. French deaths from battle and disease, in what had now become a major war, were to total 8,628.
Outcome.
For the final attack commencing on 8 May 1926, the French and Spanish had ranged 123,000 men, supported by 150 aircraft, against 12,000 Rifians. Superior manpower and technology soon resolved the course of the war in favour of France and Spain. The French troops pushed through from the south while the Spanish fleet and army secured Alhucemas Bay by an amphibious landing, and began attacking from the north. After one year of bitter resistance, Abd el-Krim, the leader of both the tribes, surrendered to French authorities, and in 1926 Spanish Morocco was finally retaken.
However, the unpopularity of the war in Spain and the earlier humiliations of the Spanish military contributed to the instability of the Spanish government and the military coup of 1923.
References.
SACANELL, Enrique. "El general Sanjurjo". Editorial La Esfera de Los Libros, Madrid (2004) ISBN 978-84-9734-205-6
External links.
Series Viking Fund publications in anthropology ; no. 55, Notes. Bibliography: pages 533-546." Tucson, Arizona, (1976)

</doc>
<doc id="5893565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893565" title="Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992">
Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992

The Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 (c 52) is a UK Act of Parliament which regulates British labour law. The Act applies in full in England and Wales and in Scotland, and partially in Northern Ireland.
The law contained in the Act (TULRCA 1992) has existed in more or less the same form since the Trade Disputes Act 1906. Underneath a mass of detail, four main principles can be found in the main parts of the Act. The Act's effect is to
The Act has undergone significant amendments, due to failures in the original drafting to comply with international labour rights standards.
Part I, Trade unions.
Chapter I, sections 1 to 9, outlines the meaning of independent trade unions. Chapter II, sections 10 to 23, elaborates on the legal status of trade unions and their rights and duties in possessing property and being sued in court. Chapter III, sections 24 to 45, concern internal administration requirements of a union, such as the duty to make accounts and get audits, and the duty to supply a copy of the rule book to any person for a reasonable price. Chapter IV, sections 46 to 56A, involves the procedures for union representatives to be elected. Chapter V, sections 62 to 70, sets out the rights of trade union members to a ballot before any strikes, access to courts, disciplinary procedures, subscriptions and leaving the union. Chapters VI to VIIA, sections 71 to 108C, involve rules restricting the donation of union funds for political purposes and the payment of contributions to a union. Chapter IX, sections 117 to 121, is a number of miscellaneous provisions and definitions.
Part II consists of a single section 122, which defines the term "employer association".
Part III, Union activity rights.
Sections 137 to 177 detail the rights that a person has when participating in union activities.
It bans agreements or terms in employment contracts which require, prohibit, or discriminate on the basis of union membership (i.e. requiring open shops).
Part IV, Industrial relations.
Chapter I, sections 178 to 187, involves the ground rules for collective bargaining. Section 179 provides that a collective agreement is deemed to be not legally enforceable unless it is in writing and contains an explicit provision asserting that it should be legally enforceable. This reflects the tradition in British industrial relations policy of legal abstentionism from workplace disputes.
Chapter II, sections 188 to 196 sets out the procedures that an employer must follow if there are known to be a possibility of many redundancies in the workplace. The duty of an employer is to inform and consult with the union (or if there is no union, elected representatives of the employees) with a view to minimising potential redundancies and ameliorating the effects on the workforce. The duty to consult arises at a minimum of 90 days before the redundancies are contemplated, if there would be over 100 employees dismissed. If the number is under 100, but over 20, then the employer must begin consultations 30 days before. There is no duty for collective consultation if the number of redundancies would be under 20 people, though an employer will still be bound by provisions in the employees' individual contracts, and the duty to give reasonable notice in ERA 1996 section 86. If redundancies are unforeseeable, when consultation could not be reasonably done in time, then section 188(7) absolves the employer of the need to pay compensation. Otherwise, failure to properly consult means the employer must pay one week's wages to each employee for each week missed.
Chapters III and IV, sections 199 to 218, set out the functions of the Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service (ACAS) and its power to issue codes of practice.
Part V, Industrial action.
Part V, sections 219 to 246, contain the central rules regarding the ability of trade unions to organise and take part in industrial action, including strike action. These rules are interpreted in accordance with the European Convention on Human Rights article 11 which protects the freedom of association, which is itself inspired by the predecessors to TULRCA 1992 in the United Kingdom.
Section 219 contains out the historical immunity of trade unions to support their ability to be involved in collective bargaining, that have existed since the Trade Disputes Act 1906. Section 219 states that a trade union is not liable to an employer or other party for economic loss which may be caused "in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute".
Section 224 places a prohibition on secondary strike action.
Sections 226 to 235 contain the requirements of a union to conduct a ballot and give notice to the employer of any industrial action that is agreed upon. Section 226 requires that there is a ballot, unless, according to section 226C there are under 50 workers entitled to vote. Under section 226A, a sample ballot paper must be given to the employer 3 days before the vote takes place and 7 days notice must be given, with information on which employees are taking part in the vote. Section 226B requires that the vote may be scrutinised, and any costs for this must be to be paid for by union (cf ERA 1999 s 228A). The vote must be equal, there must be separate ballots for each workplace establishment and the question put to members about industrial action must be framed in a simple "yes" or "no" fashion. Moreover, section 229(4) requires the union to tell the workforce that any industrial action potentially infringes their contracts of employment, but also that they will be protected by unfair dismissal law. Employers do not pay for the costs, so unions themselves must pay for the cost of the ballot and any outcome must be immediately publicised.
A potential, and dangerous pitfall, is that if a vote involves procedural defect, it is at risk of being invalidated. This is so if any member is denied the vote, though small accidental failures may be disregarded. A person must be specified in advance to announce the ballot results, and unions may not endorse any result of the vote until that has happened. The ballot only gives four weeks' to the union to take action, though this period may be extended with the employers' consent, which is common if collective negotiations are ongoing. If all else has failed, then for industrial action to commence the union must under section 234A(4) give at least seven days notice, accompanied with details of the workers to take part.
Part VI, sections 247 to 272, contain administrative provisions relating to ACAS and the Central Arbitration Committee.
Section 220 protects workers taking part in industrial action, including picketers who are acting in connection with an industrial dispute at or near their workplace who are using their picketing to peacefully obtain or communicate information or peacefully persuading any person to work or abstain from working.
Part VII, Miscellaneous and general.
Part VII, sections 273 to 299 contains miscellaneous provisions and definitions. Some types of employment which are exempted form all or part of the Acts, including the Armed forces, Police, sailors, and those employed abroad.
Section 295 contains the meaning of "employee" as a person with a "contract of service" and section 296 states a "worker" is someone with a contract to personally perform work who is not a professional client.
Schedule A1.
Schedule A1 sets out a complicated and detailed procedure for statutory recognition of a trade union by an employer. This was introduced by the Employment Relations Act 1999 section 1 and Schedule 1. The recognition procedure is triggered where unions represent over half of employees or particular groups of employees in a workplace.

</doc>
<doc id="5893566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893566" title="David Jessel">
David Jessel

David Jessel is a former British TV and radio news presenter, author, and campaigner against miscarriages of justice. From 2000 to 2010 he was also a commissioner of the Criminal Cases Review Commission.
Background.
David Jessel is the son of Robert Jessel, defence correspondent of "The Times" (London), and Penelope Blackwell.
Education.
David Jessel was born in Abingdon and educated at the Dragon School, an independent school in Oxford, and at Eton College, to which he won a scholarship in 1959. He won an Exhibition to Merton College, Oxford, where he read Modern History. He was also secretary of the University's Dramatic Society, OUDS.
Career at the BBC.
He joined the BBC in 1967 on a trainee placement at BBC Birmingham, rising to become a presenter of the regional news programmes on television and radio. Early in 1968, Jessel moved to London to join the national radio news programme "The World at One" as one of the so-called "golden generation" of young British journalists, which included 
Roger Cook and Jonathan Dimbleby. Jessel's big break came with his reporting of the 1968 Paris riots. These reports pioneered the technique of actuality recordings for radio news, with Jessel recording his reports from the centre of the action. This new approach contrasted strongly with the dispassionate, detached style of reporting that predominated at the time. 
Jessel resigned from "The World at One" in 1972 to join BBC 1's nightly TV current affairs programme, "24 Hours". On this and its successor programmes, he reported on stories from around the world including successive United States presidential elections in the 1970s, exposing atrocities in Honduras and Nicaragua in the 1980s and natural disasters such as the Friuli earthquake in Italy. In 1973 he and his BBC film crew were able to film one of the first areas openly controlled by Vietnamese communist forces following the 1973 truce with the United States.
LBC.
In October 1973, David Jessel temporarily left the BBC to join commercial radio, becoming the opening presenter on LBC (London Broadcasting Company), Britain's first all-news radio station.
Investigating injustice.
On rejoining the BBC, Jessel moved to documentary-making, with a particular emphasis on miscarriages of justice. From 1985 he led the team at Rough Justice, the BBC's long-running investigative TV series which re-examined the cases of a dozen people convicted of serious crimes, usually murder, and led to the eventual quashing of most of the convictions. Among his successful cases were the brothers Paul and Wayne Darvell, who typified the unglamorous and forgotten cases that Jessel and his team championed.
In 1990, the "Rough Justice" team decamped to Channel 4 and set up a production company, Just Television, dedicated exclusively to the investigation and publicising of miscarriages of justice. Jessel had been angered by the BBC's threats to drop the programme due to financial constraints and said: "I couldn't stand being cut back when programmes glorifying the police were expanding like a giant fungus." The chairman of Just Television's advisory board was Jessel's friend, hero and mentor Sir Ludovic Kennedy, the doyen of investigators into wrongful convictions. The new programme, "Trial and Error", continued to expose wrongful convictions, including the cases of Peter Fell, Mary Druhan Sheila Bowler and Danny McNamee - all of which led to the convictions being quashed by the Court of Appeal.
Criminal Cases Review Commission.
From 2000 to 2010 Jessel was a commissioner of the Criminal Cases Review Commission, an independent public body set up to investigate possible miscarriages of justice in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. 
The Commission assesses whether convictions or sentences should be referred to a court of appeal. Jessel had been a prominent supporter and advocate of such an independent public body for many years prior to its creation. 
On his retirement as senior commissioner, "The Times" described Jessel as "a tireless champion of the wrongfully convicted".
Other broadcasting and public positions.
Since 2004, Jessel has been a regular anchor on BBC World News, as well as a guest presenter on the channel's flagship interview programme "HARDtalk".
He has served on the Advertising Standards Authority's advisory council, and is a member of the Code Compliance Tribunal of PhonePay+ regulating telephone premium-rate services.
Publications.
In 1989, Jessel co-authored the international bestseller "Brain Sex" with scientist Anne Moir, the first scientific analysis of the differences between the male and female mind. In 1995 the same partnership produced "A Mind to Crime", which looked at the biological influences on criminality. Jessel also wrote "Trial and Error", a book to accompany the eponymous Channel 4 television series.

</doc>
<doc id="5893575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893575" title="List of High Commissioners of New Zealand to South Africa">
List of High Commissioners of New Zealand to South Africa

The High Commissioner from New Zealand to South Africa is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of South Africa, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission in South Africa.
The High Commission is located in Pretoria, one of South Africa's capital city. New Zealand has maintained a resident High Commissioner in South Africa since 1996; its youth is due to New Zealand's refusal to accredit a High Commissioner to South Africa during the Apartheid era as a matter of principle. The High Commissioner to South Africa is concurrently accredited to Botswana, Kenya, Lesotho, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Swaziland, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. Thus, despite being one of New Zealand's youngest diplomatic missions, diplomatic relations with more countries are within its remit than within any other.
As fellow members of the Commonwealth of Nations, diplomatic relations between New Zealand and South Africa are at governmental level, rather than between Heads of State. Thus, the countries exchange High Commissioners, rather than ambassadors.

</doc>
<doc id="5893578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893578" title="Alf Steward">
Alf Steward

Alfred Steward (born 18 September 1896) was an English football player and manager. He also played cricket for Lancashire's second eleven, though he did not appear in first-class cricket.
Steward, a goalkeeper, played football in the army between 1915 and 1918, before joining Stalybridge Celtic. In 1919 he joined Manchester United as an amateur, as cover for United first choice keeper Jack Mew. While an amateur he also played for Heaton Park before turning professional with United in January 1920. His United debut came in October that year, keeping a clean sheet in a 1-0 win at home to Preston North End. He finally became a regular in the United side in the 1923–24 season, and was an ever-present the following season as United won promotion, as runners-up, to the First Division. Between April 1924 and September 1927 Steward missed only 7 league games out of a possible 139 for United, before losing his place to Lance Robinson. He regained his first-team place in April 1928 and went on to play a further 149 games before leaving Old Trafford in June 1932, joining Manchester North End as player-manager.
He led North End to the final of the Cheshire County League Cup against Altrincham at the end of the 1932–33 season, a final in which he managed to play for both sides. The final finished in a 3-3 draw, but the replay was held over until the following season, by which time Steward had joined Altrincham as player-manager. Altrincham won the replay 4-1, and later that season made the 1st Round of the FA Cup for the first time, losing to Gainsborough Trinity. They also won the Cheshire Senior Cup.
He finally retired as a player during the 1937–38 season, making just two appearances that season. In May 1938 he took over as secretary-manager at Division Three (South) side Torquay United. Torquay finished 19th in his only full season with the club, World War II intervening. He remained at Torquay until the club closed for the war in May 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="5893579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893579" title="Dario Vittori">
Dario Vittori

Darío Víttori was an Italian born, Argentine comic actor. His real name was Melito Darío Spartaco Margozzi and was born on 14 September 1921 in Montecelio, Lazio, Italy. Died on 19 January 2001 in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
He had an extensive body of work in Argentine theatre, films and television.

</doc>
<doc id="5893586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893586" title="Trigger disconnector">
Trigger disconnector

A trigger disconnector is a type of safety in a firearm, which prevents the trigger from being held down after a shot has been fired. This disallows either automatic fire or deliberate "slam fire", depending upon the particular firearm's action. Notable firearms that lack this feature include machine guns, the Winchester Model 1897, the Winchester Model 12, and Ithaca 37 shotguns.

</doc>
<doc id="5893602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893602" title="Rubikiai">
Rubikiai

Rubikiai is a village located close to the Lake Rubikiai, Anykščiai district municipality, Lithuania. It is known for a narrow gauge railroad line that is now protected by the state.

</doc>
