<doc id="5850378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850378" title="Waikato Rugby Union">
Waikato Rugby Union

The Waikato Rugby Union (WRU) is the official governing body of rugby union in the Waikato area in the North Island of New Zealand. Its senior representative team competes in the ITM Cup (formerly known as the Air New Zealand Cup), and won the inaugural Air New Zealand Cup in 2006.
Waikato Rugby Union was founded in 1921. The senior representative team plays its home fixtures at the Waikato Stadium in Hamilton. The union's colours are red, yellow and black.
History.
Waikato Rugby Union was founded in 1921. The inaugural representative match played ended in a 15-all draw against Taranaki. Waikato had its first win by their third fixture when they defeated Manawatu 6–0. The first home match was played against New South Wales from Australia at the Claudelands Showground, losing 11 to 28. In 1925 the Rugby Park was opened, and in 1928 Waikato adopted their now famous colours of red, yellow and black.
In 1932 Waikato challenged Canterbury for the Ranfurly Shield. The challenge was unsuccessful. Waikato made another unsuccessful challenge for the shield in 1949 against Otago. In 1951 Waikato successfully challenged for the Ranfurly Shield, defeating North Auckland 6 points to 3. They defeated Auckland the following season, also 6–3 to win back the shield. In 1966 Waikato defeated Auckland again to regain the Ranfurly Shield. In 1980 Waikato won the Ranfurly Shield for the first time since 1966, defeating Auckland 7 points to 3.
In 1954 Waikato had 11 wins and one draw from 14 matches and were tabbed the champions. The draw was in a remarkable Ranfurly Shield challenge where they drew 14 all. The country had never seen anything like this before, Christchurch was invaded by thousands of Mooloo supporters who were led by the president at the time, Horace ‘Cal’ Calcott. The Mooloo express captured the imagination of fans nationwide. These images were vividly remembered by many who attended.
Waikato became the first Union to win the National Provincial Championship (NPC) when the format included semi-final and finals structure for the 1992 season. Waikato defeated Otago 40 to 5 in the final. 1993 was also very successful for Waikato; winning back the Ranfurly Shield with a 17 to 6 victory over Auckland, and making it to the semi-finals of the NPC, only to be defeated by Otago.
Waikato defeated Taranaki 40 to 19 for a successful challenge for the Ranfurly Shield in 1996, and defeated Auckland 31 to 29 for the shield in 1997. That season they also made it to the semi-finals of the NPC, but were defeated by Counties Manukau 40 to 43. In 1998 they made it to the final of the NPC, in what was a rematch of the 1992 final, against Otago. Waikato lost the match 20 to 49. They made it to the semi-finals the next season, but were defeated by Wellington 17 to 38.
In 2002 Waikato made it to their first NPC final since the 1998 loss to Otago. Though they were defeated by Auckland, 28 to 40. They made it as far as the semi-finals in both the 2003 and the 2004 seasons, and were defeated by Wellington 29–30 and 16–28 respectively.
Under the new Air New Zealand Cup format, Waikato became the first side to win the competition, defeating Wellington 37–31 in the final. It was the first time in fourteen years that Waikato had won the national provincial competition.
In 2007 Waikato began with wins over Manawatu, Southland and Counties Manukau before defeating North Harbour 52-7 in a Ranfurly Shield Challenge. They set a record for the biggest win from a challenger on the road. However they lost the Ranfurly Shield a week later to Canterbury 20-33. They reached the quarter finals where they lost to Hawkes Bay 35-38 at McLean Park.
2008 saw the Mooloo men start slow with three losses and one draw. However they defeated Auckland 34-13 at Waikato Stadium and wins over Counties Manukau, Otago and Taranaki saw the Mooloo men reach the quarter finals where they once again lost to Hawkes Bay.
Waikato began the 2009 like their previous season before defeating Counties Manukau, Hawkes Bay, Wellington, Taranaki, North Harbour, Otago and Northland to finish 6th.
In 2010 Waikato had notable wins over Auckland and Canterbury to reach the semi finals where they won a nail-biting 38-37 victory over Auckland at Eden Park to reach the ITM Cup final for the first time since 2006. Canterbury eventually won 33-13.
Waikato were place in the Premiership for 2011 and won seven of their ten games including wins over Canterbury (Christchurch) Wellington (Waikato Stadium) and Auckland (Waikato Stadium). Their only blight was losing to Bay of Plenty 8-36 in Rotorua and to Manawatu 20-54 in Palmerston North. However they reach the ITM Cup final, but lost to Canterbury 3-12 at Waikato Stadium.
Waikato started the 2012 ITM Cup with two wins from six matches. However they would win there last four matches including retaining the Ranfurly Shield for the first time since 2007 with a 46-10 win over Taranaki at Yarrows Stadium. They later defended the Ranfurly Shield in their final game of the season against Hawkes Bay 28-3. This relegated Hawkes Bay to the Championship. Waikato finished 5th.
In 2013 Waikato played two Ranfurly Shield matches in Morrinsville and Ruatoria against Heartland Opposition. They defeated both Horowhenua Kapiti and East Coast before the 2013 ITM Cup season. Waikato started their Ranfurly Shield campaign with a 31-22 win over Northland. However the following week they lost the shield to Otago 19-26. They had an impressive 42-24 win over Auckland at Waikato Stadium. They would also challenge for the shield once again in 2013 against Counties Manukau at Pukekohe. Waikato lost 25-37 to Counties Manukau. This was their first lost to Counties Manukau since 2000. Tasman created history by putting the most ever points past Waikato (64) in there 64-28 win over Waikato in Nelson. Waikato would defeat Bay of Plenty and Taranaki to survive relegation and finish 5th like the previous season.
International results.
In 1930 Waikato provided 14 of the 15 players of the combination team that played Great Britain at Rugby Park. The visitors won the match 40 to 16 in front of 13,000 people. In 1937 toured New Zealand. Five Waikato players were involved in the combined side which lost 6–3 in front of a record crowd of more than 17,000. Waikato was the first provincial Union to beat a touring South African team post World War II, defeating the Springboks 14 points to 10 in 1956. Waikato defeating another large rugby nation in 1961, with a 22 – 3 victory over in 1961.
During the 1970s Waikato defeated numerous international sides; including a two point victory, 26 to 24, over , a 13 to 7 win over and defeating France for the second time, 18 to 15. Also during the 1980s, Waikato achieved a number of notable international victories, defeating , and in the latter years of the decade. Waikato also completed a number of international victories during the 1990s, with wins over Canada, Australia, Western Samoa, and .
Waikato have also attained the scalp of the British Lions in 1993.
Strip.
Prior to 1928, black and white and blue and black colours had been used. However, since 1928 they have worn the very distinctive red, yellow and black hooped jersey, with white shorts. These colours being a combination of the Hamilton (yellow and black), with Old Boys (red and black). Unlike many professional sporting teams in the modern era, Waikato have always retained the traditional design of the jersey. The main jersey/apparel sponsors are Waikato Draught, Lonestar, Gallagher and Kukri. As of 2009, apparel was being supplied by sporting firm Kukri.
Supporters.
The Waikato supporters are known for their use of cowbells at home matches. This tradition has been carried over to home matches of the Chiefs during Super Rugby home games. The Waikato mascot is a cow called Mooloo, and the supporters are known as Mooloo Men. By extension, the term now applies to anyone from the Waikato area.
The Mooloo Men also have one very special supporter who attends every home game, this man is widely known as Possum. He is situated up the top of a cherry picker which looks over the entire stadium and can be seen from any angle around the ground. Every few seconds he revs his chainsaw in order to show his passion and love for the Waikato rugby team. This is also a ploy in which to distract opposition players.
Stadium.
Waikato play their home games at Waikato Stadium in Hamilton, built on the site of the club's former ground, Rugby Park. Construction began on the stadium in 2000; it was completed in 2001, and opened with a game between the Chiefs and Crusaders in the then Super 12. The Chiefs also play the majority of their home games at the stadium.
Waikato played out of Rugby Park from 1925 to 2000. For the 1921 to 1924 seasons, Waikato played at the Claudelands Showgrounds and Steele Park. Waikato's first ever home match was played at the Claudelands Showgrounds against New South Wales, which Waikato lost 11 to 28. The Rugby Park grandstand roof collapsed in 1934, but no one was injured.
Waikato Stadium hosted the first ever Air New Zealand Cup final, where Waikato defeated Wellington to claim the title.
Waikato in Super rugby.
When the NZRFU were initially deciding the team compositions for the Super 12 in 1995 it was decided that to have the Blues franchise encompass the North Harbour, Counties-Manukau, Northland and Auckland provincial rugby unions would be unfair. This was due to the preponderance of All Blacks (players representing New Zealand) who came from North Harbour, Counties-Manukau and Auckland at the time. Hence if the Blues were to consist of these unions, they would field an All Blacks team in all but name.
This led to North Harbour and Northland being represented by the nearest other team, the Chiefs (at the time named the Waikato Chiefs), also composed of Waikato, Bay of Plenty, and King Country. In 1999 the Chiefs ("Waikato" having been dropped from the title) boundaries were redrawn, with Northland and North Harbour moving to the Blues, and Counties-Manukau and Thames Valley coming under the Chiefs franchise. This represents the current Chiefs franchise unions.
The Chiefs share a home base and main stadium with Waikato, being Hamilton and Waikato Stadium respectively.
Ranfurly Shield.
Waikato first won the Ranfurly shield in 1951, when they held it for 6 successful defences. They most recently held it in 2012–13, losing it to Otago after four defences. They have a proud shield history, having defended it 51 times, the third most defences by any union. Waikato have held the shield for the following periods:
Club Rugby.
There are approximately 30 clubs affiliated with the Waikato Rugby Union.
The following clubs were represented in the Waikato premier division for 2013:
The current champion is Hamilton Marist, having beaten Otorohanga 26-20 in the Premier A division final on July 27, 2013. Also on that day, Hamilton Marist won the Premier B division final against Te Awamutu Sports, 29-5, and the Under 21 division final against University, 27-22. The Under 85kg team also made the final giving the Club a unique record of every senior team making their respective finals. The Clubs junior teams - 11th, 12th, & 13th grades also won their finals earning the club the unofficial title of the Waikato's most successful club!
At the 2013 Waikato Rugby Awards the Hamilton Marist Club won Team of the Year, Club of the Year, Player of the Year and Coach of the Year
Notable players.
All Blacks
The following is a list of Waikato players who have represented New Zealand
Waikato Centurions
These players have played 100 or more games for Waikato
Top try scorers for Waikato
Women's rugby.
Waikato has a proud history in Women's rugby, providing many players for the Black Ferns over the years. The player's that follow are notable players of women's rugby.
Current squad.
On 9 June 2014, the Waikato squad for the 2014 ITM Cup was named. One more player will be added at a later date and a wider training group of five players will also be added. Liam Messam and Tawera Kerr-Barlow were not considered due to international commitments.
Wider Training Squad.
To be confirmed

</doc>
<doc id="5850402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850402" title="USC Helenes">
USC Helenes

The USC Helenes, founded in 1921, is the University of Southern California's oldest all-female service organization. 
Known as the Official Hostesses of USC, the Helenes strive to embody the five attributes of the ideal Trojan (faithful, scholarly, skillful, ambitious and courageous—inscribed on the Trojan Shrine) and are prominent within the university and the Los Angeles community for their acts of service.
Mission Statement
The official mission statement of the Helenes states: 
"It is the mission of the USC Helenes to support the University community. As the 'official hostesses of USC,' we will strengthen the Trojan Family through acts of volunteerism, hospitality and service. United in sisterhood, the women of Helenes will honor tradition, rise to contemporary challenges and strive to build a vibrant future for our organization and for our University."
Vision Statement
The vision statement of the Helenes plays on the University acronym, USC: "Unity, Service, Commitment." 
History
In 1921 Arabella De Oliviera established the USC Helenes as an all-female service organization. Originally the Helenes were called the Amazons and membership was reserved for upper classmen. The lower classmen involved were divided into two groups: the Chimes and the Spurs. When the Amazons changed their name in 1969 to the "Helenes," the three separate branches became one, unified organization. The name change was implemented to keep with the Trojan theme of the University and was inspired by the iconic Helen of Troy. 
The organization recently celebrated 92 years of service and tradition at USC and continues to be a presence on campus and in the surrounding LA area. 
As of Spring 2013, Lily Chowana-Bandhu and Erica Lovano McCann serve as the Helenes faculty advisers.

</doc>
<doc id="5850406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850406" title="Harpenden East railway station">
Harpenden East railway station

Harpenden East was one of two stations serving the town of Harpenden, the other station which remains open being Harpenden Central. Originally named Harpenden, the East suffix was added in 1950 to distinguish it from the Midland Railway station.
Layout.
The line was single track with a crossing loop at Harpenden East.
An intermediate station on the Great Northern Railway branch line between Hatfield and Dunstable Town, it opened in 1860 and closed in 1965.
Closure.
Since closure the station has been demolished and both the site and the line in the immediate area have had housing built.

</doc>
<doc id="5850412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850412" title="Dark side of the Moon">
Dark side of the Moon

In the strict sense of the statement the Dark side of the Moon is the side that is opposite to the Sun and which cause the phases of the Moon, eg New Moon, Half Moon etc to appear from the perspective of the Earth. Loosely interpreted it can also refer to the far side of the Moon—the hemisphere of the Moon that is permanently turned away and never visible from the surface of the Earth. The name is a reference to the fact that its surface can never be seen from the Earth and is thus unknown and mysterious. The term was commonly used during the Apollo program, although "far side of the moon" is now more preferable.
For other uses see below.

</doc>
<doc id="5850432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850432" title="On the Liberty of the Rhodians">
On the Liberty of the Rhodians

On the Liberty of the Rhodians () is one of the first political orations of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes. It was delivered in 351 BC, probably after the First Philippic, and constitutes one of the initial political interventions of Demosthenes. In 357 BC, Rhodes left the Athenian alliance and fought against Athens in Byzantium and Chios. Nonetheless, the island was conquered after a few years by Mausolus of Halicarnassus, who sent away the members of the democratic faction and imposed his own oligarchic government. The democrats of Rhodes asked Athens' assistance and spoke to Demosthenes, who was already famous for his rhetorical charisma. In "On the Liberty of the Rhodians", the orator opposed once again Eubulus' principle for no intervention in the internal affairs of the other Greek cities. Thereby, he maintained that Athens should support the democratic faction of the Rhodians. Nonetheless, it seems that the orator did not manage to convince his countrymen, who refused to send any troops to Rhodes.

</doc>
<doc id="5850453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850453" title="Meredith Bishop">
Meredith Bishop

Meredith Anne Bishop (born January 15, 1976) is an American actress. She was replaced by former cameo Devyn Puett in the 2nd video of Kidsongs. She is perhaps best known for her role as Annie Mack in Nickelodeon's "The Secret World of Alex Mack", which ran on the network from 1994-1998.
In 1996 Meredith received a Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Award for Best Lead Performance in "Lee Blessing"'s "Eleemosynary". More recently, Meredith has made appearances on several network TV programs including "Scrubs", "Mad About You" and "Felicity". She also appears in the popular Geico "Tiny House" TV commercial, as well as Bud Light's men's softball team and the book club TV commercials. She is currently known for her theatre work (appearing at the popular Theatre 40) and the web series Speedie Date.
Biography.
Meredith Bishop was born in Los Angeles, but grew up in Woodland Hills, California. She attended William Howard Taft High School in Woodland Hills. Bishop has also trained as a jazz dancer and a classical ballerina.
Theatre credits.
Recent theatre credits include Atonement (2007); The Concept of Remainders (2008); Breaking and Entering (2009); The Color of Rose (2010).; London's Scars (2010); AfterMath (2011)
Awards and nominations.
Ovation Awards

</doc>
<doc id="5850466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850466" title="New Brunswick School District 17">
New Brunswick School District 17

School District 17 is a defunct Canadian school district in New Brunswick. It was an Anglophone district operating 18 public schools (gr. K-12) in Queens and Sunbury counties. Enrollment was approximately 6,000 students and 580 teachers. District 17 was headquartered in Oromocto. In 2012 it was amalgamated into Anglophone West School District.

</doc>
<doc id="5850472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850472" title="Stanley Moskowitz">
Stanley Moskowitz

Stanley M. Moskowitz (c. 1937 - June 29, 2006) was a top official of the Central Intelligence Agency. 
Moskowitz was born in New York and graduated from Alfred University. While attending graduate school at Duke University, he left to join the CIA in 1962, where he worked for over four decades.
In the 1980s, he was a national intelligence officer for Russia and Eastern Europe and became congressional liaison, serving under two CIA directors. 
From 1995-1999, he was the station chief in Israel, where he tried with some success to mediate between the Israelis and Palestinians. His term ended soon after the Benjamin Netanyahu government became dissatisfied with his role and an Israeli paper outed his identity as CIA station chief.
He was briefly the CIA's senior representative to the Council on Foreign Relations in New York. He received two Presidential Distinguished Officer Awards, the Director's Medal, the Distinguished Career Intelligence Medal, the Distinguished Intelligence Medal and the Intelligence Community Medal of Merit.
After retiring in 2005, he continued as a consultant and CIA's representative to the Interagency Working Group on Nazi War Crimes. The team worked to declassify information from the agency's files and as of June 2006 had released 27,000 pages from 174 files, much of it new material. 
Former CIA directors Michael V. Hayden and George Tenet issued statements praising him as "truly exceptional" and "indispensable."

</doc>
<doc id="5850478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850478" title="On the Navy">
On the Navy

On the Navy () is the first political oration of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes. It was delivered in 354 BC and constitutes one of the initial political interventions of Demosthenes. "On the Navy" is a speech of general interest, which provided Demosthenes an opportunity to be an advocate for common sense. The ecclesia had convened to consider a rumored threat against Athens by the King of Persia. The orator espoused moderation and did not endeavor to rouse the hot-blooded ones of his audience against the Persians. He advocated avoiding any provocation, but he also proposed a well-organised preparation in case of war. For this reason he supported the reform of the "symmories" (boards) through which the Athenian fleet was funded. In his first political intervention the young politician did not accomplish his goals. "On the Navy" has been regarded as artistically inferior to his later political orations.

</doc>
<doc id="5850479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850479" title="Errol Flynns">
Errol Flynns

The Errol Flynns were a criminal organization, or street gang, founded on the lower east side of Detroit, Michigan during the 1970s. Reportedly the gang appropriated their name from the Hollywood film star Errol Flynn because they fashioned themselves as flamboyant gangsters in dress. Also, they used ‘gangsta jits’, or hand signs to identify themselves publicly. This semiotic use of hand gestures to display gang membership, common to contemporary American street gangs as well as hip hop culture, evolved from dances such as the “Errol Flynn”, which were in themselves territorial gang symbols. In the 1970s, house parties in Detroit could be identified by gang affiliation through the type of dance party-goers performed, whether or not they were actually in the gang. 
The Errol Flynns evolved, like other Detroit street gangs such as their Westside Detroit counterparts in the late 1970s the Nasty Flynns (later the NF Bangers) and Black Killers or drug consortiums of the 1980s such as Young Boys Inc., Pony Down, Best Friends, Black Mafia Family and the Chambers Brothers, out of the racial and economic unrest that transformed Detroit in the late 1960s and 1970s. As people and capital left Detroit for suburban communities, the city's social and economic infrastructure buckled, leaving the community fractured and impoverished. As the murder rate soared to the highest in the United States, and the city became increasingly viewed as dangerous and in perpetual decline, gangs began to seize territories. 
The Errol Flynns were regarded as perhaps the most notorious group for several reasons. Firstly, they took great pride in their physical appearance and style which attracted many young people to their parties. The poverty and urban decay percolating through Detroit made the gang lifestyle attractive to many. Secondly, Detroit underwent a demographic shift called white flight that began in the 1950s. Many of the public housing projects such as Herman Gardens went from a racially diverse community to a homogeneous black residence in a few years. Thus gangs appealed to racial unity and pride, amidst the racial intolerance and strife afflicting the city. Moreover, The Errol Flynns became a wealthy organization that monopolized many criminal rackets including extortion, robbery, and drug trafficking. Yet they were also linked to several notorious mass robberies, including a hijacking and robbery of concert goers at a rock concert in Cobo Hall in 1977 that drew the Detroit riot police. Accordingly, the gang grew to include almost four hundred members. Yet this prominence brought police, public, and political attention and many gang members were eventually jailed. 
The Errol Flynn gang eventually collapsed in the 1980s, partially because of the rise of crack cocaine, which undermined the Flynn’s heroin trade, as well as the successful prosecution of many gang leaders who remain incarcerated today. One member who made a successful transition from thug to honest citizen was Greg Mathis, a lawyer and retired Michigan judge who has his own television show Judge Mathis. He published a memoir "Inner City Miracle" in 2002 partially chronicling his time in the gang. The Errol Flynns are recognized as the precursors to every gang that followed. Other notable gangs of substantial size and heavily involved in drug dealing from the 1970s, 1980s, and early 1990s are the "Be Like Boys", "Dexter Boys" (an offshoot of YBI), "Schoolcraft Boys or SCB's", "SNS", "Fenkell Boys", "7 Mile Boys", "Linwood Boys", "Brewster Boys", "Jeffries Boys" and "8 Mile sconys." All except the "Be Like Boys" are named after Detroit city streets or housing projects and some still exist as new generations have emerged to take over.
Former members.
Dancing Dan, Earl Smith (co - founder).

</doc>
<doc id="5850498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850498" title="Michael Floorwax">
Michael Floorwax

Michael Floorwax (born November 3, 1959 as Michael Steinke) is an American radio personality and singer. He is a former rising comedian and currently the morning disc jockey on Denver, Colorado FM rock station 103.5 KRFX (a.k.a. The Fox) In addition to that he is also the lead singer for a Denver area rock band named The Groove Hawgs.
"Cheap Seats".
While a very popular morning host in the Denver area, on a national stage Floorwax may be most recognized and remembered for his appearance in the 1990 "Steve Garvey Celebrity Billfishing Tournament", which is aired periodically on ESPN Classic's "Cheap Seats". At that time Floorwax was described as a "rising" comedian. He is the butt of many jokes on that and other episodes of the series by the hosts, brothers Jason and Randy Sklar. However, Jason points out that even as a DJ for a morning radio show, he still makes more money than the pair of them combined, causing Randy to request that they get back to the tournament before he starts crying.
Subsequently, he made an appearance on another "Cheap Seats" episode in July 2006, which made fun of the "Steve Garvey Celebrity Skiing Classic" that took place at the Stein Eriksen Lodge in Park City, Utah in 1989. 
In that episode, Floorwax is shown at the tournament banquet doing his standup act, which consisted of fish voices, doughnut eating, and a Vicki Carr reference. At the end of the show, the Sklars are shown having financial difficulty and are losing everything that they possess in their studio, which was done to mock Garvey's financial problems. The present day Floorwax, from his radio studio under the pseudonym "Waxy Lou", comes to their aid by using his cash and gas card to buy back all the repossessed studio items and bring the brothers back on their feet. He is known by another alias on the show as the Bald Headed Albino Bulldog.
Mystery Science Theater 3000.
The writers of MST3K were big fans of his "All Over the World" routine, and included the line as a riff in several episodes (According to "The Mystery Science Theater 3000 Amazing Colossal Episode Guide."). A portion of this can be seen in the hour-long version of the Cheap Seats episode featuring the Steve Garvey Celebrity Billfishing Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5850517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850517" title="Malaysian Chinese religion">
Malaysian Chinese religion

Malaysian Chinese religion refers to religious beliefs of Chinese origin as practiced by the sizable Chinese minority of Malaysia. These beliefs and practices are heavily influenced by the three faiths practiced by Chinese communities, Confucianism, Buddhism, and Taoism.
According to "The Encyclopedia of Malaysia, vol. Religions & Beliefs", statistics from the 2000 census indicate that around 20% of the population, mainly Malaysian Chinese, are Buddhist and a further 3% follow Chinese religions including Confucianism and Taoism. The Chinese folk beliefs in Malaysia include beliefs in local guardian spirits which originated from traditional animism and mysticism, most popular Tua Pek Kong, the Malay Na Tuk Kong and the worship of sacred monks and spirits popular among the Thais, also elevated local heroes and leaders to patron saints and guardians.
History.
The "Encyclopedia of Malaysia" states that the early history of Malaysian Chinese religions traces back to the 15th century, with small settlements that were established in Melaka by Hokkien traders, but it was not until the 19th century that there was a mass migration of Chinese. They built shrines dedicated to their deities and cemeteries for those who died. The Chinese migration during the tin and gold mining days, which were a result of high demand for these products, prompted the need of temples, for practices and religious rituals. During that time, most immigrants were illiterate or poorly educated peasants and coolies, thus Buddhist and Taoist monks were brought over from China to run the temples.
Social organizations in the Chinese immigrant society were important, where surnames, dialect, locality and trade mattered. The Cantonese, Hokkien, Teochew and Hakka, respectively formed their secret societies, such as the Ghee Hin and Hai San, and they played as 'government' in controlling the Chinese immigrants. Local Malay chiefs called the Chinese leaders Kapitan Cina (literally, "Captain China" or "Chinese Captain"), who soon became patron saints of the Chinese. The evolution of Malaysian Chinese Religion was a mixture of local value and belief systems, where it produced some local deities such as the Na Tuk Kong and Tua Pek Kong.
Buddhism.
Although most Malaysian Chinese refer to themselves as Buddhists, their actual practice is a blend of Confucianism, Buddhism and Taoism. Malaysia Buddhism has three sect - Vajrayana (Tibetan,Bhutan,Himalaya), Theravada (Thai,Myanmar,Sri Lanka) and Mahayana (China,Korea,Japan).Despite the different sect Buddhism remain united and strong and most of their followers taught to love peace, help all sentient being regardless of religion, race and culture, Buddhism has taken roots in Malaysia(Malaya) before Islam and Christianity.Since Buddhism has taken roots for such a long time, this religion will never emphasize in spreading it to the indigenous people in Malaysia.Malaysia Buddhism always have no conflict with others religion as it always emphasize on universal harmony. In Malaysia, some ecumenical moves have been made to coordinate the activities of different types of Buddhists. One example is the formation of the Joint Wesak Celebrations Committee of the temples in Kuala Lumpur and Selangor, which coordinates the celebration of Wesak, a holiday commemorating the birth of the Buddha. An initiative has also begun to form a Malaysian Buddhist Council, representing the various sects of Buddhism in the country to extend the work of the development of Buddhism, especially in giving contemporary relevance to the practise of the religion, as well as to promote solidarity among Buddhists in general.
Christianity.
According to the Encyclopedia of Malaysia, there are records where Persian and Turkish traders with Nestorian Christian origins came around the year 650 CE, but it was not until the conquest of Malacca by the Portuguese in year 1511, that marked the introduction of Roman Catholicism. The Dutch colonial year of 1641 brought in Protestantism, and with the influx of Chinese and Indian immigrants during the 19th century, more Christian missionaries were imported. However there were small numbers of Chinese Christians, before the migration to Malaya.
Islam.
In the Terengganu state, Jeram and Tepoh were two of the traditional Chinese-Muslim villages; their forefathers arrived together with Zheng He or much earlier. Dato' Haji Mustapha Ma Qi is among the well-known Malaysian Chinese-Muslims. He is the president of the Chinese Muslim Association (MACMA - Persatuan Cina Muslim Malaysia). According to the official census, there were about 40,000 Chinese Muslims in Malaysia as of 2000, mostly converts by request of Malay Muslim family-in-law. Another notable member of this community is Islamic Speaker Hussein Yee.
The Chinese acceptance of Islam as a religion can be traced back as early as the 7th century, from the Chinese Muslims' annals and the history of Islam in China. Guangzhou city has one of the earliest mosques, Huaisheng Mosque. Today in China, there are about over 20 million Muslims. They can be identified by their surnames, especially Ma, Li, Chang, Zhang, Lan, Wu, Mi, Yang, etc. The famous Ma Shan Bao (Zheng He) was a friend of Parameswara, the ruler of Melaka in 1402.
Hinduism.
A significant number of non-Indian Hindus in Malaysia are Chinese who were adopted by or married into Hindu families, though there are Dayak and Eurasian Hindus as well, but in smaller numbers. It is also common to see Chinese Buddhists and Taoists offering prayers at Hindu temples due to the common background of these religions.
Malaysian Chinese deities.
The name of deities listed here does not represent Chinese of The People's Republic of China. However the Deities listed here were tradition passed down from ancestors living in ancient China. Na Tuk Kong, in particular, was a localized deity where the name derived from 'Dato', which is a local Malay word.
List of Malaysian Chinese Gods:
Material suppliers.
Malaysian Chinese Gods is also a thriving business in Malaysia, there are large numbers of suppliers and shops specialize in the materials of local Malaysian Chinese beliefs, such as joss sticks, dead people's money (Hell money), etc., they are commonly known as religious goods store or "gods material shop" (Chinese : 神料商店).

</doc>
<doc id="5850518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850518" title="1924 Stanley Cup playoffs">
1924 Stanley Cup playoffs

The 1924 Stanley Cup playoffs was the third and final year in which the National Hockey League (NHL) champions, the Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHA) champions, and the Western Canada Hockey League (WCHL) champions all competed for the Stanley Cup (the PCHA and the WCHL would later merge after the season). The playoffs began on March 18, 1924, and concluded on March 25 when the NHL champion Montreal Canadiens defeated the WCHL champion Calgary Tigers in the final series, two games to zero.
Background.
Montreal finished second overall in the 1923–24 NHL regular season standings with a 13–11 record, behind the 16–8 Ottawa Senators. However, the Canadiens upset the Senators in the two-game total goal league champion series, 5 goals to 2, to win the NHL title.
Calgary finished the 1923–24 WCHL regular season with an 18–11–1 record. The Tigers then defeated the 17–11–2 second place Regina Capitals in the WCHL championship series, tying Game 1 in Regina, 2–2, and then winning 2–0 in Calgary.
The 1923–24 PCHA season was capped with the 13–6–1 Vancouver Maroons defeating the 14–16–1 Seattle Metropolitans in a two-game league championship series.
Pre-Cup Playoffs news.
Both rounds of the Stanley Cup playoffs were scheduled to be played on the NHL winner's home ice, with Montreal having to face both the PCHA and the WCHL champions. However, Canadiens owner Leo Dandurand claimed that Calgary and Vancouver were inferior to his. He therefore wanted the two western teams to face off against each other, and then have the Canadiens play the winner in the final round. PCHA President Frank Patrick refused to go along with that idea and instead proposed a compromise in which the host team's (Montreal's) customary contribution towards the two other clubs' travel expenses would be cut in half.
But in order to generate the additional money, Calgary and Vancouver decided to play a three-game series before going to Montreal, with the loser having to face the Canadiens in the first round of the Stanley Cup playoffs. Games were played in Vancouver, Calgary, and Winnipeg, with the Tigers coming back from a Game 1 loss to win the next two contests.
Despite this extra series between the Tigers and the Maroons, Montreal still had to defeat both western teams in order to win the Cup.
Cup Playoffs summary.
Semi-final: Montreal Canadiens defeat Vancouver Maroons, 2 games to 0.
The Canadiens swept the Maroons in two, one-goal victories in the best-of-three series. Billy Boucher scored the game-winning goal in Montreal's 3–2 victory in the first game. In the second game, Vancouver scored first on a goal by Billy's brother, Frank Boucher. But Billy responded with two goals of his own to give the Canadiens a 2–1 win and clinch the series.
Final: Montreal Canadiens defeat Calgary Tigers, 2 games to 0.
Montreal also swept Calgary in the best-of-three series to clinch the Cup. In the first game, rookie Howie Morenz recorded a hat-trick as he led the Canadiens to a 6–1 victory. The second game was then moved to the artificial ice at Ottawa Auditorium in Ottawa because of poor ice conditions at Mount Royal Arena. There, goaltender Georges Vézina lead Montreal to a 3–0 shutout to clinch the Cup. Morenz also added another goal in the second contest, but was also leveled by Calgary right wing Cully Wilson and suffered a chipped collarbone. The Canadiens won their first Stanley Cup as a member of the NHL, their second counting the 1916 Cup win.
Cup engravings.
After the playoffs, a new ring was added to the Cup with the player's names engraved along with the following: "Canadiens of Montreal / World's Champions / Defeated / Ottawa Vancouver Calgary / Two Straight Games Each"

</doc>
<doc id="5850538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850538" title="William Parr, 1st Baron Parr of Kendal">
William Parr, 1st Baron Parr of Kendal

William Parr, 1st Baron Parr of Kendal, KG (1434 – 1483) was an English courtier and soldier. He was the eldest son of Sir Thomas Parr (1405 – 1461) and his wife Alice, daughter of Sir Thomas Tunstall of Thurland, Lancashire.
Family.
The Parr family originally came from Parr, Lancashire. Sir William's great-grandfather, Sir William de Parre (died 1405), son of Sir John de Parre, lord of Parr; married in 1383 Elizabeth de Ros, daughter of Sir John de Ros of Kendal and Katherine de Latimer, a daughter of Thomas, 1st Baron Latimer of Brayebrooke. Elizabeth was the granddaughter and heiress of Sir Thomas de Ros, Baron of Kendal and had livery of her inheritance. Their marriage alliance with the Ros (or Roos) family enhanced the Parr family standing. On the accession of the Duke of Lancaster as Henry IV of England, Sir William stood so high in the estimation of the new monarch that he was deputed with the bishop of St. Asaph to announce the revolution to the court of Spain. Through his marriage William acquired, by right of his wife, a fourth part of the manor of Kirby in Kendal, Kendal Castle, and one-fourth part of the barony of Kendal, which continued in the family till after the death of his grandson, William Parr, 1st Marquess of Northampton, when the Marquess's widow surrendered it to Queen Elizabeth I. It was known as 'The Marquis Fee.' This branch of the family originally resided at Kendal until the Castle fell into disrepair during his son, Thomas', life.
Lord Parr's paternal grandparents were Sir John Parr of Kendal (c.1383–1409) and Agnes Crophull, widow of Sir Walter Devereux. From her previous marriage she was mother to a younger Walter Devereux, paternal grandmother to Walter Devereux, Lord Chancellor of Ireland, and great-grandmother to Anne Devereux, Countess of Pembroke. Parr's maternal grandparents were Sir Thomas Tunstall of Thurland Castle and Isabel Harrington, a grandaunt of Sir Thomas Stanley, 1st Earl of Derby. By his maternal grandfather, Parr was a cousin to Bishop Cuthbert Tunstall. After the death of Lady Tunstall, Lord Tunstall remarried to Joan Mowbray, granddaughter of Margaret, Duchess of Norfolk.
Sir Thomas Parr, the courtier's father, was "sub-vice comes" (i.e. deputy to the hereditary sheriff, Baron Clifford) for Westmorland from 1428 to 1437 and MP six times. He was assaulted in going to Parliament in 1446, the case being discussed in Parliament. He took an active part in the Wars of the Roses on the Yorkist side and was subsequently attainted in 1459 with the other leading Yorkists (iborn v.348-50). The attainder was reversed in 1461, before his estates had been confiscated.
He died in 1464. Sir Thomas left three sons (including William, the subject of this article) and six daughters. Of his other two sons, his second son, Sir John Parr, also a Yorkist, was rewarded by being made sheriff of Westmorland for life in 1462; he married a daughter of Sir John Yonge, Lord Mayor of the City of London, and must have lived until after 1473, as in that year he was one of those exempted from the resumption act (iborn vi.81). His third son, Thomas, was killed at the Battle of Barnet in 1471.
His daughters all married members of prominent northern families.
Life.
William was exempted from the Resumption Act of 1464. He was on the side of the Nevilles at Banbury in 1469, was sent by George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence and Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick to Edward in March 1470, just before the Battle of Lose-coat Field, and was entrusted by Edward with his answer.
When Edward IV returned from exile in 1471 Parr, along with Sir James Harrington, brought 600 men-at-arms to him at Doncaster. He fought with Edward at Barnet, where his younger brother was killed fighting for the duke of Gloucester, and was rewarded with the comptrollership of the household, which he held until 1475. He swore to recognize Edward, Prince of Wales, as heir to the throne in 1472 (iborn vi. 234), and was exempted from the Resumption Act of 1473 (iborn vi.81).
Parr sat as knight of the shire for Westmoreland in 1467 and 1473, was High Sheriff of Cumberland for 1473 and invested Knight of the Garter in 1474. He was sent to the Kingdom of Scotland to arrange about the breaches of the truce probably in 1479. He was exempted from the act of apparel in 1482, was chief commissioner for exercising the office of constable of England in 1483, and took part in the funeral of Edward IV.
After the death of Edward IV, Lord Parr was pressured by his mother-in-law, Lady FitzHugh, to accept and follow the rule of the Lord Protector, Richard, Duke of Gloucester, during the minority of the new boy King Edward V. The FitzHughs were closely related to the royal family through Parr's wife, Elizabeth, who's mother was cousin to the Yorks and aunt to Anne, Duchess of Gloucester. When Richard decided to take the throne as King, Parr was not persuaded that Richard's determination for the throne was justified. Parr was loyal to the institution of the monarchy, but deserted the idea of usurpation, however justified it was in political terms. The murder of William, Lord Hastings on 13 June 1483 was the tipping point for Parr. Hastings had been a close friend and adviser to the late King. Hasting had also been brother-in-law to Parr's mother-in-law. When Richard became King, Lord Parr chose not attend the coronation despite being given a position in the coronation as canopy bearer. Lady Parr and her mother, however, were present as two of the seven noble ladies appointed to serve the new Queen consort, Anne.
After refusing to be part of the coronation of King Richard III and his queen consort on 6 July 1483, Lord Parr returned north where he died shortly after.
Wives and children.
Sir William married, first, Joan Trusbut (died 1473), widow of Thomas Colt of Roydon, Essex; her issue by Parr, if any, did not survive. After Joan's death, William was appointed the wardship of her son John Colt, Esq. His daughter, Jane, would become the first wife of Sir Thomas More.
Secondly, Hon. Elizabeth FitzHugh, daughter of Henry, 5th Baron FitzHugh and Lady Alice Neville, who survived him and remarried Sir Nicholas Vaux. By her, Parr had two daughters and three sons:
The eldest son, Sir Thomas Parr, was knighted and was sheriff of Northamptonshire in 1509; he was master of the wards and comptroller to Henry VIII. He was rich, owing to his succeeding, in 1512, to half the estates of his cousin, Lord FitzHugh, and also to his marriage with Maud Green, daughter and co-heiress of Sir Thomas Green of Boughton and Greens Norton in Northamptonshire. He died on 11 November 1517, and was buried in St. Ann, Blackfriars, London in an elaborate tomb which has since been destroyed. His widow died on 1 December 1531, and was buried beside him. Of their children, Catherine Parr, queen of Henry VIII, and William Parr (afterwards Marquess of Northampton), are separately noticed; while a daughter, Anne, married William Herbert, first Earl of Pembroke of the tenth creation.
The second son of Sir William Parr was William, who was knighted on 25 December 1513, was sheriff of Northamptonshire in 1518 and 1522, and after his niece's Catherine Parr's promotion became her chamberlain. On 23 December 1543 he was created Baron Parr of Horton, Northamptonshire. He died on 10 September 1547, and was buried at Horton (for his tomb, see Bridges, "Northamptonshire", i. 370). By Mary, daughter of Sir William Salisbury, he left four daughters. His daughter Maud and her husband, Sir Ralph Lane, are ancestors of Albert II of Monaco. The late Princess of Wales, Lady Diana Spencer, was also a descendant of Maud "and" Mary Parr.
A third son of Sir William Parr, named John, married Constance, daughter of Sir Henry Vere of Addington, Surrey. They had no issue.

</doc>
<doc id="5850540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850540" title="Youngs Bay">
Youngs Bay

Youngs Bay, or Youngs River Bay, is located in the northwestern corner of the U.S. state of Oregon. The Youngs River meets the Columbia River at this point, which is situated between Astoria and Warrenton.
The bay is named for the Youngs River, which was discovered in 1792 by William Robert Broughton of the Vancouver Expedition. The river was named for Admiral Sir George Young of the British Royal Navy. 
There are two bridges that cross the bay, with the busiest being the "new" Youngs Bay Bridge, a counter-weight drawbridge that spans approximately and is a two-lane part of U.S. Route 101 running north to south. There is also the Old Youngs Bay Bridge about two miles to the east.
The bay is fished extensively for sturgeon and salmon, when in season. Most of the gillnetting community moors and fishes in Youngs Bay. The bay can be seen rising and falling significantly with the tides created where the bay meets the Columbia River, which meets the Pacific Ocean several miles to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="5850541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850541" title="Kim Geun-tae">
Kim Geun-tae

Kim Geun-tae (14 February 1947 – 30 December 2011) was a democracy activist and politician of the Republic of Korea.
Life.
Kim was born in Bucheon, Gyeonggi-do. He studied in Gyeonggi High School and entered Seoul National University and majored economics. In college, he started demonstrating against the Yushin Regime of President Park Chung-hee and for democracy. He was arrested several times and served several years in prison. After serving a full sentence, Kim was freed.
Although Park Chung-hee was assassinated in 1979, the military dictatorship was succeeded by General Chun Doo-hwan in 1980. After Kim's release from prison, he began protesting against Chun's regime and founded the democracy activist group, Democratic Youth Coalition (민청련, 民靑聯) in 1983. In 1985, he was arrested for profiting North Korea (which was a frequent frame-up to the democracy movement by the military government) and tortured severely for 23 days by Lee Guen An, who was an inspector of the national police. In 1987, he shared the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award with his wife In Jae-keun.The Award is given annually to those whose courageous activism is at the heart of the human rights movement and in the spirit of Robert F. Kennedy's vision and legacy.
He remembered the details of the torture and the identity of torturer, and revealed it during his trial. The government denied it at that time, but it was revealed as the truth after the democracy movement successfully forced the military regime into enacting democratic reforms. Lee Geun An, who tortured Kim, was wanted for the crime after the political situation reversed.
Kim was regarded as one of the most important activists in the democracy movement of the Republic of Korea and he went into politics on the recommendation of Kim Dae-jung in 1995. After Kim Dae-jung was elected the president of the Republic of Korea in 1997, Kim was one of candidates who could succeed Kim Dae-jung's presidency in the ruling party. Because of a low approval rating, he gave up the race for presidency halfway, and supported Roh Moo-hyun, who won the presidential election in 2002. During Roh's presidency, he was a former leader of the ruling Uri Party (now the Democratic United Party), and he served as Health and Welfare Minister from 2004 to 2006. He was also member of Parliament of the Republic of Korea from 1996 until 2008
Although his political career seemed to go well, he suffered from severe PTSD. Because of this, he refused to go to doctors or dentists, which reminded him of being tortured. He was diagnosed with Parkinson's Disease in 2006, which was thought to be due to the torture.
His condition got worse in 2010, deteriorating to the extent that he could not attend his daughter's wedding ceremony. He collapsed from a complication of his Parkinson's Disease (a blood clot in the brain) in November 2011. Kim died on 30 December 2011. He was 64. He was buried in Moran Cemetery, Seongnam, where several notable democracy activists were buried.
In popular culture.
He was played by actor Park Won-sang in the film "National Security" (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="5850546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850546" title="Ji-Paraná Futebol Clube">
Ji-Paraná Futebol Clube

Ji-Paraná Futebol Clube, usually known simply as Ji-Paraná is a Brazilian football club, from Ji-Paraná, Rondônia state. The club is Rondônia's most successful club still in activity.
History.
On April 22, 1991, Ji-Paraná was founded. 
On August 18, 1991, the club played its first official match, against Operário of Rondônia. The Campeonato Rondoniense match was played in Pimenta Bueno, and ended in a 1-1 draw.
On September 18, 1991, the club won its first match. The club beat Colorado of Rondônia 3-1, in Cerejeiras.
On December 15, 1991, Ji-Paraná won the Campeonato Rondoniense, its first title. The club beat Ferroviário of Rondônia in the final. The competition's top goalscorer was Itamar, of Ji-Paraná.
In 1992, the club disputed the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C for the first time. Ji-Paraná was eliminated in the first stage, after finishing in the group's last position. The club also disputed Copa do Brasil for the first time in that year, and was eliminated in the first stage by Grêmio.
In 1995, Ji-Paraná disputed again the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. The club was eliminated by Atlético Goianiense in the quarterfinals.
In 1996, Ji-Paraná reached the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C third stage. The club was eliminated by Nacional of Amazonas.
In 1997, the club reached the fourth stage of the Série C. Juventus of São Paulo eliminated the club.
In 1999, 2002, 2004 and 2005, Ji-Paraná disputed the Série C. In all those seasons the club was eliminated in the first stage.
In 2000, the club reached Copa do Brasil's second stage. It was the club's all-time best performance in the competition. Ji-Paraná was eliminated by Bahia in that year.
Stadium.
The club's home matches are usually played at Vera Cruz stadium, which has a maximum capacity of 3,000 people. Ji-Paraná also plays at Biancão, which has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.
Nickname.
Ji-Paraná is nicknamed "Jipa", which is a syllabic abbreviation of the club's name. Another club's nickname is "Galo da BR", meaning "Rooster of the BR". BR is the name of a highway 
Colors.
The club's colors are blue, white and red.
Mascot.
Ji-Paraná's mascot is a rooster ("galo" in Portuguese language).

</doc>
<doc id="5850560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850560" title="William Parr">
William Parr

William Parr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5850570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850570" title="Abu Rushd">
Abu Rushd

Abu Rushd Matinuddin () (December 25, 1919 – 2010), born in Kolkata, was a Bangladeshi author who used the literary name Abu Rushd.
Life.
After the Partition of India in 1947, Abu Rushd moved to Dhaka, leaving his parents and his brothers behind in Kolkata. In East Pakistan he taught at several colleges before leaving for Oxford for an Honours degree in English. He taught English at various colleges in what was then East Pakistan. In 1971, he was posted as Educational Counsellor at the Pakistan Embassy in Washington. When the Bangladesh Liberation War broke out in 1971, he swore allegiance to Bangladesh. After the liberation, he was posted to as Director of Public Instructions (DPI) and then to the Bangladesh High Commission in London as Educational Counsellor. He died on February 25, 2010.
Works.
Abu Rushd's first publication was a collection of short stories in 1939. Besides the novels listed below, he has written 50 short stories and an autobiography, which he considers his most important work. He has further done much translation, both from Bengali to English and English to Bengali, including Shakespeare's plays. He was also a regular columnist for four Bangladeshi newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="5850574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850574" title="Sohn Hak-kyu">
Sohn Hak-kyu

Son Hak-Gyu (born November 22, 1947, Siheung, Gyeonggi-do) is a South Korean politician and the former governor of Gyeonggi-do, the most populous province in Korea. He became a politician in 1996 as a congressman of Grand National Party, and became a governor of Gyeonggi-do in 2002. He is the current leader of the liberal Democratic Party.
A Kyunggi High School and Seoul National University graduate, he received his Ph.D. from University of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="5850579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850579" title="Shoah Foundation">
Shoah Foundation

Shoah foundations are organizations that are formed to further the remembrance of the Holocaust of World War II. There are currently two major foundations that are internationally active.
Major Shoah Foundations.
In 1994, Steven Spielberg founded the USC Shoah Foundation Institute for Visual History and Education, originally called the Survivors of the Shoah Visual History Foundation, a nonprofit organization established to record testimonies in video format of survivors and other witnesses of the Holocaust. Between 1994 and 1999, the Foundation conducted nearly 52,000 interviews in 56 countries and in 32 languages. Interviewees included Jewish survivors, Jehovah's Witness survivors, homosexual survivors, liberators and liberation witnesses, political prisoners, rescuers and aid providers, Roma and Sinti survivors, survivors of Eugenics policies, and war crimes trials participants. On September 20, 2005, the Survivors of the Shoah Visual History Foundation and the University of Southern California (USC), where Spielberg had long been a Trustee, entered into an agreement to transfer the net assets and control over the Foundation's Board of Directors to USC in return for the guarantee of the preservation of the archive in perpetuity and the accommodation to continue the Foundation's mission.
Fondation pour la Mémoire de la Shoah was formed in 2000, with recovered money from the property taken from French Jews during World War II. The Foundation’s mission is to support projects in all areas of history and research into the Shoah, education and transmission, memory, solidarity and Jewish culture. The Foundation is often represented internationally by their Présidente d’honneur, Mme. Simone Veil, a survivor of the Auschwitz-Birkenau camp who later became the first directly elected President of the European Parliament.
The DNA Shoah Project has started a genetic database of people whose family members - grandparents, aunts, cousins - were victims of the Holocaust. The Shoah Project aims to collect at least 10,000 samples and has been traveling throughout the United States collecting DNA swabs from Holocaust survivors. Although it currently only has 1,000 samples, the Project is intended to reunite living family members and eventually help identify remains which may still lie in anonymous graves throughout Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="5850599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850599" title="Volkameria">
Volkameria

Volkameria is a genus of flowering plants in the family; Lamiaceae. It has about 30 species and is pantropical in distribution. Many of the species are found in coastal habitats. The type species for the genus is "Volkameria aculeata". 
The species of "Volkameria" are mostly shrubs, sometimes subshrubs or lianas, rarely small trees. The stems have swollen nodes. The flowers are usually fragrant. The fruit matures black or brown, separating into four corky pyrenes.
"Volkameria aculeata" and "Volkameria glabra" are grown as ornamentals in the tropics. "Volkameria heterophylla" is also known in cultivation. "Volkameria inermis" is planted as a sand binder. 
Species.
The 30 or so species of "Volkameria" include the following: 
History.
"Volkameria" was named by Linnaeus in Species Plantarum in 1753. According to OED the genus was named after Johann Georg Volckamer (1616-1693), a German botanist, though other sources give credit to his son, Johann Georg Volckamer, the Younger (1662-1744), or to Johann Christoph Volkamer (1644-1720), another German botanist.
In 1895, John Isaac Briquet defined the genus "Clerodendrum" broadly, to include all of those species now placed in "Rotheca", "Clerodendrum", "Volkameria", and "Ovieda". This was considered questionable by many, but for the next 100 years, Briquet's circumscription was usually followed, mostly because of confusion and uncertainty regarding this group of at least 200 species. 
In 2010, a molecular phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequences showed that most of the "Clerodendrum" species that had been in "Volkameria" were more closely related to "Aegiphila", "Ovieda", "Tetraclea", and "Amasonia" than to other species of "Clerodendrum". (See the phylogenetic tree at Lamiaceae). Following these results, "Volkameria" was reinstated. Some species that had been erroneously placed in "Volkameria" were excluded. Some of the poorly known species in "Clerodendrum" might still need to be transferred to "Volkameria". 

</doc>
<doc id="5850600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850600" title="Pneumatic valve springs">
Pneumatic valve springs

Pneumatic valve springs are metal bellows filled with compressed air used as an alternative to the metal wire springs used to close valves in high-speed internal combustion engines. This system was introduced in the mid-1980s in Renault turbocharged 1.5 litre Formula One engines.
Concept.
Racing engines often fail at high rotational speeds because mechanical springs are unable to retract the valves quickly enough to provide clearance for the piston. Renault's pneumatic valve technology replaced steel springs with light weight compressed air bellows. These could retract valves more quickly and reduce the possibility of piston-valve interference, as long as pressure could be maintained. Additionally, the amount of seat tension required to keep a coil sprung valve under control results in greater peak lift loading, with added stress to the entire valvetrain as a result. Pneumatic systems, sharing a common reservoir of pressure retain a more static level of force, controlling the valve effectively, without any attendant peak lift load increase.
Bellows is a misleading word, since this would suggest some sort of concertina shaped cylinder. This is not the case, and a bellows of this design would fail due to metal fatigue at the roots and crests. Instead, it is simply a piston and cylinder, similar to a small pneumatic ram. Where the "tappet bore" where a hydraulic tappet would normally reside, becomes the cylinder, and the retainer assembly becomes the piston. Pressurised air(nitrogen) is pumped into this cylinder which then causes the piston/ retainer to rise to the top of cylinder, causing the valve to form an airtight seal with the seat. The compressed gas then becomes the spring so to speak, and does not have the same traits as springs do at elevated rpm.
A small light spring is sometimes fitted between the piston, and retainer so that when the system is switched off, the spring forces the piston down against the bottom of bore, and forces the retainer upwards. This ensures that no crown to valve contact occurs when shut down.
Pneumatic valve technology in racing.
Pneumatic valve springs gave Renault an advantage with its turbocharged engines, often said to be the most powerful. However, reliability and poor handling of their chassis kept the cars from success until 1989 when Renault provided Williams with a new V10 engine to begin a winning streak. Renault won the constructors' championship with Williams in 1992, 1993, 1994, 1996 and 1997, and with Benetton in 1995. Nigel Mansell, Alain Prost, Michael Schumacher, Damon Hill and Jacques Villeneuve each won a Driver's championship in the 1990s with Renault engines.
Pneumatic valve springs are also found in several Moto GP motorcycle engines, debuting in 2002 with the Aprilia RS Cube. In 2005, Team Roberts was the first to use pneumatic valves full-time in their uncompetitive KTM powered bike. Today, almost all of the MotoGP teams use pneumatic valve technology on their bikes, including Yamaha, Suzuki and Honda. Ducati uses a desmodromic design.
Future valve technology.
While pneumatic valve springs have become standard in Formula One engines, Renault has been researching computer controlled electromagnetic valve actuation (EVA) using no camshaft, to reduce moving parts while improving valve control.

</doc>
<doc id="5850602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850602" title="University of Iloilo">
University of Iloilo

The University of Iloilo ("Filipino: Pamantasan ng Iloilo") is a private university in Iloilo City, Philippines. It is a member of the PHINMA Education Network.
History.
The University of Iloilo started as the Iloilo City Colleges (ICC). It was established in June 1947 by the Hon. Fernando H. Lopez, then mayor of Iloilo City, who was imbued with the spirit of unselfish service to the youth. In this great task of organizing a college, he was inspired by his wife Doña Mariquit and his brother Don Eugenio. A number of professionals and experienced educators who shared his vision of putting up a school not only for the rich but also for the poor and the middle class joined him in this venture.
The first classes were held in quonset huts with nipa roofs, sawali and bamboo walls, and mud floors. These makeshift buildings accommodated ambitious young men and women who had just suffered from the aftermath of World War II. There were two campuses: the Iloilo Unit, which housed the Colleges of Dentistry, Pharmacy, Commerce, Liberal Arts, Law and the High School Department; and La Paz Unit where the Colleges of Normal Education, Engineering, and the High School and Elementary Departments were located.
Dr. Gabino Tabuñar served as the first President of the Iloilo City Colleges. Upon his resignation in 1954, Hon. Fernando H. Lopez, then Vice President of the Philippines, assumed the Presidency with Miss Loreto J. Ledesma as Administrative Officer.
The years brought changes to Iloilo City Colleges. To meet the challenges and the needs of a growing and increasingly diverse student population, the administration phased out some courses and introduced new ones. Then a series of construction projects to replace the dilapidated buildings began. The first to be constructed was the Don Benito Lopez Building, which is presently occupied by the Colleges of Business Administration and Criminal Justice.The Don Fernando Lopez Hall was also constructed as an annex to Doña Presentacion Lopez Building, which the Basic Education Department presently occupies. In the main campus were erected the Doña Mariquit Lopez Building for the College of Education. The Don Eugenio Lopez Building accommodated the College of Business Administration, and the Graduate School. The Queen Theater was renovated to accommodate the University Auditorium on the second floor and the College of Law Library on the ground floor. The College of Law Building was constructed on the corner of Rizal and Iznart Streets and the ground floor became the University Chapel.
Across the High School Department, on the corner of Mapa and Rizal Streets, rose the Doña Pacita Building, now known as the Engineering Building for the University’s College of Engineering and Computer Studies.
In 1963, the Iloilo City colleges opened its Graduate School for the professional growth of teachers and administrators. Three years later the speech laboratories were put up for both the undergraduate and the graduate language classes.
In 1966, the College of Agriculture was opened at Ungka, Pavia. Simultaneously, the College of Criminal Justice was opened in the main campus. The College of Agriculture was later phased out due to the decline in enrolment. The College of Criminal Justice has gained popularity in Western Visayas with its modern laboratory facilities like the infra-red microscope, the lie-detector, the questioned document kit, the interrogation and investigation room, practice court room, target range, and its latest acquisition – the paralyzer shield.
On December 17, 1968, the Iloilo City Colleges was granted the university status and became the 32nd University in the Philippines.
In 1972, the University Administration purchased the Philippine Women’s College in Jaro. This was converted into the Don Benito Lopez Hospital. In the main campus two buildings were later constructed to accommodate the initial enrollment for the College of Nursing. Courses like the Bachelor of Science in Nutrition and the Bachelor of Science in Social Work, which were then offered by the Philippines Women’s College, were transferred to the main campus. These courses and the Bachelor of Science in Psychology, which was offered in 1974, were included in the course offerings in the College of Arts and Sciences. The expansion of the College of Arts and Sciences led to the construction of the Science Building. This building also shelters the University Gymnasium, Audio-Visual Center, the I-Net Laboratory, and the Natural Science Department.
In June 1989, a three-story building was constructed behind the mini-park, connecting the Don Eugenio Lopez Building to the Don Benito Lopez Building. This was designed to facilitate the transfer of the College of Nursing to the main campus.
In 1991, the Department of Education, Culture, and Sports acknowledged the University of Iloilo as an Excellent School for the College of Criminology, now the College of Criminal Justice. In March 1993, a certificate of recognition was awarded to the College of Criminology for its “OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE IN THE PURSUIT OF QUALITY EDUCATION AS EXEMPLIFIED BY MERITORIOUS PERFORMANCE IN BOARD EXAMINATIONS – SCHOOL PASSING PERCENTAGE HIGHER THAN NATIONAL AVERAGE.”
During the Academic year 1993-1994, the College of Education opened the Pre-School Education Program while the College of Arts and Sciences offered Mass Communication as another major field in the Bachelor of Arts Program. The University mini-radio station was then constructed for the training of students majoring in Mass Communication.
On May 26, 1993, upon the death of Don Fernando, Hon. Alberto J. Lopez took over as President of the University. Since that time, he has been serving as the University President.
On June 25, 1993, a month after the death of Don Fernando H. Lopez, the FHL Museum dedicated to his memory, was inaugurated. This has become a part of the University‘s Learning Resource Center.
In the same year, the Ungka Campus became the site of the Marine Engineering classrooms with a modern SOLAS Training Center.
On September 1, 1993, the Colleges of Law, Arts and Sciences, and Education were granted Level II accreditation status by the PAASCU.
In June 1994, the University of Iloilo Graduate School offered the Master in Business Administration program to accommodate business executives who desire to grow professionally.
In 1997, the University of Iloilo celebrated its Golden Jubilee commemorating its fiftieth year of service to the nation through education.
In 1998, the University of Iloilo Graduate School was granted CHED recognition for its Master in Public Administration Program. In the same year, the University entered into a contract with Net Curricula Incorporated in order to be among the pioneer schools in the country to integrate technology in classroom instruction in all levels – elementary, high school, and college. During the First Semester of 1998-1999, the Net Curricula installed industry-grade network and telecommunication facilities including structured cabling, branded workstations and servers, high-resolution presentation equipment, and licensed software.
In May 1999, the BS Marine Engineering of the College of Engineering passed the CHED evaluation for Maritime Education program.
In AY 2000-2001, the College of Engineering program was awarded the Certificate of Compliance with the requirements set forth by by the ABS Quality Evaluation Incorporated, applicable to the “Provision of Maritime Education in accordance with CHED Rules and STCW ’95 Convention.” This certificate of full compliance included the University of Iloilo as among the schools in the country that are authorized to offer the Maritime Education Program. In August 2005, the B.S. Marine Engineering program was granted government recognition.
The University has also strengthened its Community Extension Program through its implementing arm, the Community Extension Services Center (CESC).
Initially in 1999, the CESC served only one Barangay in the City of Iloilo and two others in the Province of Guimaras. Its program components include educational assistance, trainings, livelihood and environmental projects, tutorial services, and values-oriented classes. Since then, it has increased its community partners from the original two barangays to seven and adopted three schools. To sustain its existing projects, the CESC has established linkages with local and international organizations. To date, the CESC links actively with the ERDA Foundation, Department of Education, Bureau of Nonformal Education, and the City Planning Office. Internationally, the University’s CESC is in partnership with ERDA-UNICEF, Australian Aid (AUSAID), and the International Marinelife Alliance. It is also a member of the Iloilo City Task Force on Child Labor.
In the second semester of AY 2002-2003, the College of Criminology launched the BS in Criminology-ETEEAP (Expanded Tertiary Education Equivalency and Accreditation Program) as a CHED-NAPOLCOM deputized HEI. This BS in Criminology-ETEEAP is especially offered by the University of Iloilo to enable the regular members of the Philippine National Police (PNP) the opportunity to obtain college education. It is also open to regular members of the BJMP, BFP, P&PA, NBI, PPA, and members of government and private institutions with Criminology-related functions.
In 2008, the university was acquired by PHINMA. It officially became part of PEN or PHINMA Education Network in April 2009. Its sister schools are Araullo University, Cagayan de Oro College, and University of Pangasinan.
Today, the University of Iloilo stands stronger than ever. It continues to enlighten the minds and shape the ideas of thousands of young Filipinos, the most fitting and lasting monument to its founders who had dreamed and worked hard to make this Institution a center of learning for everyone.
The PHINMA Group.
Philippine Investment Management (PHINMA), the first Filipino-managed investment firm, was established in 1956 by businessmen Ramon V. del Rosario Sr., Filemon C. Rodriguez, and Ernesto Escaler as a response to the government’s urge to transform the Philippines into an industrialized nation.
Since its founding, PHINMA has been operating businesses in several industries all over the Philippines and turning these into leading manufacturers and service providers. Upon its establishment, PHINMA helped Bacnotan Cement Corporation (BCC), together with its subsidiary-sister plants, become the foremost producer of cement in the country in 1957 under the brand name Union Cement.
In 1971, PHINMA pursued the paper and packaging industry with United Pulp and Paper Company (UPPC), letting UPPC set an agreement with the Siam Cement Group, Thailand’s largest industrial conglomerate, to create the biggest and most advanced paper manufacturing facility in the Philippines.
Other companies that PHINMA has had joint ventures with are Trans-Asia Oil and Mineral Company for marine exploration, coal mining, and energy generation; Bacnotan Consolidated Industries Incorporated for GI sheets manufacturing; and Union Galvasteel Corporation for galvanizing.
In 1987, PHINMA Realty Corporation and FCI Development Corp merged, thereby forming PHINMA Property Holdings Corporation (PPHC). PPHC handles construction, property management, and sanitation. It is now one of the biggest developers of affordable housing. On the other hand, the PHINMA Group Development Foundation, a derivative of PPHC, built the Don Filemon C. Rodriguez Training Center in Tagaytay City.
PHINMA entered the banking sector by launching Asian Saving Bank to a commercial banking institution in 1989.
The PHINMA Education Network.
The PHINMA Group’s entry into the education sector began when it acquired Araullo University in Cabanatuan, Nueva Ecija in 2004. This formed PHINMA Education Network (PEN).
The acquisition of Araullo University was followed by that of Cagayan de Oro College in 2005; University of Pangasinan and University of Iloilo in 2009. This makes PEN a network that stretches to the various parts of the Philippines.
In each of its schools, PEN makes changes when they are most needed. Each institution undergoes faculty improvement and course development. PEN provides scholarships for its employees for master’s and doctoral degrees, and improves salary and benefit schemes. Systems and curricula are drafted and refined in consideration of the students’ capacity to improve their academic performance. In addition, the buildings and facilities on campus are renovated to have up-to-date laboratories, classrooms, and IT infrastructure.
Following PHINMA’s tagline and belief that “Life can be better,” PEN aims to provide quality education at an affordable tuition to those who have limited access to it so that they can achieve their goals.
The Mission, Vision, and Values.
Mission.
To develop the Filipino youth into employable global professionals through the endowment of knowledge and skills and the formation of character and spirit.
Vision.
With a distinct advantage in English Communication and Information Technology, to be the leading institution of higher learning in the Western Visayas region in the development of globally competitive professionals.
Values.
Integrity.
A PEN Student’s words carry weight. He is honest, trustworthy, and consistency in words and actions
Professionalism.
Though not yet a professional, a PEN student should already develop within himself a high level of professionalism. He shows decorum in his manner, dress, and speech. He respects other people, whether they agree with his ideas or not. He shows up on time. He not only does what he is told to do, he also does what needs to be done, without being told to do so.
Commitment.
A PEN Student does not allow difficulties and failures to prevent him from reaching his goal. He perseveres towards a goal despite the obstacles around him.
Competence.
A PEN Student has a passion for excellence. He trains to high levels of proficiency. To a PEN Student, it is always important to do a good job regardless of the field he finds himself in.
Teamwork.
A PEN Student not only knows how to do a good job; he also knows how to work with others so that the team he is in also does a good job. In a team, a PEN Student will be ready to support or lead. He will be ready to agree or disagree. At times, he will stand firm on worthwhile principles, while at other times, he will look for a win-win situation. He knows how to work for the good of the team.
Innovativeness.
A PEN Student is not only open to new or better ways of doing things; he is also able to find new or better ways of doing things. He is not only open to change, he is also able to initiate change that represents a new or better way of doing things.
Student Life.
The Center for Student Development and Leadership (CSDL) is an integral part of the university. It handles student programs such as scholarships, extracurricular activities, student retention, community extension, health and wellness. In addition, it organizes alumni affairs to build a relationship between the university and its graduates.
CSDL seeks the best for its students. It complements the academic program of the university with the goal of giving the students a holistic formation by molding them to be not only academically competent but also socially aware and responsible.
Athletics.
The University of Iloilo has been noted for its various athletics teams. Its men and women basketball teams and its Sepak Takraw team have won several honors for the university. The men’s basketball team, for instance, has been the champion in the Iloilo Schools Sports Association for three consecutive years (2010-2012). The team also performed well during the Philippine Collegiate Champions League and in the Private Schools Athletics Association.
Arts and culture.
As it desires to provide holistic education to its students, UI has organized programs that focus on the arts and culture in order to encourage the students to develop and hone their talents and skills.
Literary Musical Contests.
Each year, students in the university gather for the literary and musical competitions that showcase both traditional art through acts such as orations and declamations; and contemporary art through cover performances of Broadway musicals and the like.
Foundation Day Celebrations.
The annual Foundation Day celebrations foster a spirit of unity among the students, teachers, and university staff. It is a time when everyone in the university can enjoy each other’s company while viewing performances where the teachers and staff members take part in.
Organizational Festival.
The Organizational Festival is a week-long activity that aims to revitalize and empower the student organizations in the university. For this festival, students put up booths and organize gimmicks to showcase the activities and the thrusts of their respective organizations to hopefully recruit new members who share the same interests and vision.
Interest-based Seminars
These seminars are patterned after the interests of the students. Experts and enthusiasts in selected fields are invited to the university to conduct lectures for free.
Student organizations.
Philippine Society of Information Technology Students: 
UI Chapter (PISIT)PISIT’s main purpose is to bring together the students in the College of Information Technology and Engineering (CITE) and to facilitate the development of their learning skills. PISIT organizes regional and national activities, and it also helps CITE achieve and implement its programs.PISIT’s members are students enrolled in BS Information Technology and BS Civil Engineering.Programming Circle(PC)PC gives its members the technical direction needed to excel in information technology-related endeavors through organizing workshops, seminars, lectures, and software and web development projects.Members of PC are students enrolled in the College of Information Technology and Engineering.
Special Education Organization (SPeEdo)SPeEdo’s objective is to implement the Children Holistic Development Improvement and Literacy Drive (CHILD) program of the College of Education. It trains day care teachers by giving them firsthand experience in dealing with children with or without disability.Members of SPeEdo are students in BS Elementary Education with a major in special education.
UI Junior Institute of Financial Executives (UIJIFEX)
UIJIFEX aims to represent business administration students in the local, regional, and national conventions, meetings, and conferences it organizes. It also promotes the moral, spiritual, social, and academic well-being of its members.
Students in BS Business Administration majoring in financial management automatically become members of UIJIFEX.
Junior Philippine Institute of Accountants (JPIA)
Focusing on enhancing community involvement capacity, JPIA aims to promote ethics, uplift the academic excellence of its members, and encourage camaraderie among them.
JPIA is composed of students in BS Accountancy.
Programs.
Counseling.
1. As referred by teachers, staff, administrators, or parents
2. Walk-in
3. Follow-up
Inventory.
1. Routine interviewing of freshmen
2. Personal data and information banking
3. Profiling
Testing.
1. Psychological test
2. Educational assessment
Educational sessions and workshops.
Information service.
1. Orientation program
2. Brochures or bulletins
3. Self-help guides and other reading materials
The Old University seal.
The old seal of the University of Iloilo has twelve continuous undulating and well-defined convex curves. Each curve or wave represents the twelve schools and colleges that composed the institution at the time it was granted the University status on December 17, 1968. These were the (1)laboratory School Unit, (2) High School Unit (Day Class), (3) High School Unit (Evening Class), (4) College of Arts & Sciences, (5) College of Commerce and Accountancy, (6) College of Criminology, (7) College of Education, (8) College of Engineering, (9) Computer Technology Department, (10)Department of Nursing, (11) College of Law, and (12) School of Graduate Studies. Each wave exerts a potent force in its respective field of endeavor, creating an individually progressive sense of movement. The reverse concave curves give the cohesive atmosphere and represent the flexibility to adjust to ever-changing conditions.
The word Excelsior is the institution's inspiring force. The right hands of a man and a woman represent action in a coeducation environment. The lighted torch stands for the means by which truth and knowledge is achieved, with Truth as the ultimate goal, of the search.
The two stars represent the Lopez brothers, Don Eugenio and Hon. Fernando Lopez, who both conceived this institution especially intended for the poor and the middle class. July 1, 1947 was its foundation year. The style used in its lettering is classically symbolic of dignity. The colors green and gold are the University colors; the green symbolizing the youthful vigor of a young and growing institution and the gold, the enduring luster and splendor of the ideals for which its stands.
Academics.
University of Iloilo offers the following academic programs through its various academic units (list as of May 2014):
Notable People.
Notable people of the University include:

</doc>
<doc id="5850605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850605" title="Nicholas Cowdery">
Nicholas Cowdery

Nicholas Richard Cowdery AM, QC, BA, LLB, HonLLD, FAAL (born 19 March 1946) was the Director of Public Prosecutions for the Australian state of New South Wales. He held the position from 1994 to 2011. Cowdery also served as President of the International Association of Prosecutors from 1999 to 2005.
Early life and education.
Cowdery attended Wollongong High School and completed his secondary schooling at the Sydney Grammar School. He graduated in Arts and Law at the University of Sydney where he was a resident of St. Paul's College, where he is now an Honorary Fellow.
Cowdery was awarded with an Honorary Doctor of Laws from the University of Wollongong in 2011.
Career.
In 1971, he commenced practising as a public defender in Papua New Guinea after admission as a barrister in the same year. Cowdery entered private practice in 1975, where he stayed until 1994, concentrating on criminal law, common law, administrative law and some commercial law.
He was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1987, served as an Associate Judge of the District Court between 1988-1990. Cowdery was appointed the Director of Public Prosecutions for New South Wales in 1994, and ended his sixteen-year tenure in 2011. He has since written "Getting Justice Wrong: myths, media and crime" (Allen & Unwin, 2001. ISBN 1-86508-322-4).
He was elected President of the International Association of Prosecutors in 1999 and re-elected to a second three-year term in September 2002. He now holds a number of honorary academic positions including as an Adjunct Professor of Law at the University of Sydney's Institute of Criminology; a Visiting Professorial Fellow at the University of New South Wales and the University of Wollongong's law faculties; and as an Adjunct Professor at Charles Sturt University. Cowdery is also a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="5850611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850611" title="California gubernatorial election, 1970">
California gubernatorial election, 1970

The California gubernatorial election, 1970 was held on November 3, 1970. The incumbent, Republican Ronald Reagan, won re-election over Democrat and Speaker of the Assembly Jesse "Big Daddy" Unruh. After leaving office in 1975, Reagan joined presidential primaries in 1976 but narrowly lost to President Ford. He was elected the President of the United States in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="5850649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850649" title="James Archibald">
James Archibald

James Putnam Archibald (1912 - May 28, 2006), was a judge of the Maine Supreme Judicial Court.
The son of a lawyer, Archibald attended Bowdoin College and law school at Boston University before returning to Houlton in 1937. He worked in his father's firm and in 1941 was elected Aroostook County attorney. After military service during World War II he was re-elected to the post.
As a special assistant attorney general, he was called to investigate the double murder of a doctor and his wife, and in 1954 led a probe into allegations of payoffs by a Maine wine distributor to the state liquor commission.
He was appointed to the Superior Court in 1957 by Governor Edmund Muskie. In 1971, Governor Kenneth M. Curtis appointed him to the Maine Supreme Judicial Court in 1971. He became an active retired justice in 1981.
Archibald was highly respected and well liked by lawyers and fellow judges. Former Maine Chief Justice Vincent McCusick eulogized him as "the grand old man of the supreme judiciary".

</doc>
<doc id="5850652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850652" title="Alauddin Al-Azad">
Alauddin Al-Azad

Alauddin Al-Azad () (6 May 1932 – 3 July 2009) was a modern Bangladeshi author, novelist, and poet. He Passed SSC.1947, HSC.1949. From Dhaka University he passed BA (Honors) at 1953 and MA.1954 at the same university. He received his PhD from London University in 1970 for his work 'Iswar Gupter Jeebon o Kabita'.
Life.
Alauddin Al-Azad was born in Dhaka. He was a very good student of Bengali literature and also a professor. Also he was a first secretary of Bangladesh High Commission in Moskow. He died on July 3, 2009 in Uttara Thana.
Works.
His literary works were included in the curriculum of school level, secondary, higher secondary and graduation level Bengali Literature in Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="5850673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850673" title="Paul Parmalee">
Paul Parmalee

Paul Parmalee (1926-2006) was an early worker in the field of zooarchaeology.
Parmalee was born in Mansfield, Ohio. He studied at Ohio University (bachelor's degree in
zoology in 1948), University of Illinois (master's degree in ecology in 1949), and Texas A&M (Ph.D in degree wildlife management in 1952). He spent most of his professional career at the Illinois State Museum (ISM), but was recruited by the University of Tennessee in 1973. At the ISM, he trained many students who went on to become prominent in the field.
Source.
UT Press release July 4, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="5850683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850683" title="Davorin Popović">
Davorin Popović

Davorin Popović (23 September 1946 - 18 June 2001) was a Bosnian musician, well known throughout the former Yugoslavia. He was the lead singer and frontman of the progressive and pop rock band Indexi throughout most of their career. He and his band "Indexi" became founders of specific music style in former Yugoslavia known as "Sarajevo pop-rock school" who later influenced other bands and singers in Sarajevo and other parts of Yugoslavia. Personally, he was popularly associated with the 1960s bohemian lifestyle of Sarajevo. In his youth, he was a successful basketball player. During his career, he earned nicknames like "Pimpek", "Davor", "Dačo" or simply "Pjevač" ("The Singer") due to his unique nasal voice.
In parallel with the group work, he pursued a solo career between 1975 and 1996, albeit in a non-continuous manner. On most of his solo works one or another line-up of Indexi played as backing studio musicians, so his solo career is closely related with that of the band itself. This was also stressed in the album titles when they are usually credited to "Davorin and Indexi" or similar. During the siege of Sarajevo in 1995, he represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at the Eurovision Song Contest in Dublin with the song "Dvadeset prvi vijek" ("21st Century"), finishing in 19th place of the 23 entries.
Some of the most popular songs commonly associated with Indexi were actually issued as Davorin's solo works, such as "I pad je let" ("The Fall Is Flying Too") or "U tebi se žena rađa" ("You're Becoming a Woman") from his debut LP "Svaka je ljubav ista (osim one prave)" ("Every Love Is the Same (Except The True One)") from 1976, which was oddly the first studio album with entirely new songs that was recorded by Indexi as a group (they used to issue singles and compilations rather than studio albums). It was however released as Davorin's solo effort because the band was working on their progressive masterpiece "Modra Rijeka" ("Dark-Blue River") at that time.
Music on Popović's solo albums is generally closer to mainstream pop rock and easy-listening schlager songs, although some retained the trademark Indexi rock formula.
The Bosnian music award Davorin was named in his honor, (later renamed into Indexi (award) in 2008 ), as well as Sarajevo basketball tournament (named under his nickname "Dačo") .
As a sign of highest appreciation of the city for his artistic work, he was buried in the "Alley of Greats" (prestigious place reserved for exceptional Sarajevo citizens) along with his friend and band-playmate, lead virtuoso-guitarist of "Indexi" Slobodan-Bodo Kovačević as well as Bosnian legendary basketball player Mirza Delibašić. All three of them became great legends of the Sarajevo city and Bosnia still during their lifetimes. They were popular and cherished figures as outstanding artists and sportspeople, who helped put Bosnia and Sarajevo on the world map long before the 1984 Winter Olympics (officially known as the XIV Olympic Winter Games Sarajevo 1984) and the bloody war in Bosnia and Herzegovina between 1992 and 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="5850684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850684" title="Anisul Hoque">
Anisul Hoque

Anisul Hoque (; born March 4, 1965) is a Bangladeshi screenwriter, novelist, dramatist and journalist.
Early life.
Anisul Hoque was born in Rangpur in 1965. His father was Mofazzal Hoque. His mother is Mst Anwara Begum. He was the student of Rangpur PTI primary school. He passed SSC exam from Rangpur Zilla School in 1981 and HSC exam from Rangpur Carmichael College in 1983. Hoque graduated from Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology (BUET), trained as a civil engineer.
Career.
His inspiration in journalism and writing started during his student life. After his graduation he joined to serve as a government employee but resigned only after 15 days. Instead he started working as a journalist. He attended the International Writing Program at the University of Iowa in 2010. Currently, Hoque is working as an Associate Editor of a Bengali language daily Prothom Alo.
Personal life.
Hoque is married to Marina Yasmin. They have a daughter, Padya Paramita.

</doc>
<doc id="5850689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850689" title="Ibicuy Islands">
Ibicuy Islands

The Ibicuy Islands () are a maze of low-level islands in the east of the Paraná Delta, within Entre Ríos Province, Argentina. They are located between the Paraná and Uruguay Rivers. The islands are part of the Islas del Ibicuy Department and have scattered but important settlements, like their capital Villa Paranacito. The principal access is by the Ibicuy River, a branch of the Paraná River.
"Ibicuy" is a Guaraní word, meaning 'sandy area'. The Guaraní were the first inhabitants of the islands. They built embankments of sand and earth as look-outs and flood defences known as "cerritos", which can still be seen rising above the dense vegetation which characterises the river delta. It is thought that the Guaraní arrived in Ibicuy in search of the "tierra sin mal", the earthly paradise inhabited by the spirit Ñandey, located in the east close to the sea.
The islands were settled in the late 19th century and early 20th century by European planters, originally Italians from Montevideo searching for wood for charcoal production. The majority of settlers were from northern and central Europe and were employed in agriculture and forestry, still the predominant industries. In an effort to demarcate, protect and irrigate their lands, settlers dug new channels and filled others in, changing the topography of the islands.
The remoteness of the islands - originally accessible only by boat - made them a hideout for outlaws and criminals from Buenos Aires and Montevideo. The marxist Liborio Justo lived there in the 1940s, the harsh environment and the fugitives who inhabited it, inspired his book of short stories, entitled "Rio Abajo" ("Down the River"), which was later made into a movie with the same title. Nowadays tourism is one of the main activities of the islands, where typical Delta wildlife such as the Neotropic Cormorant, Capybara and Marsh Deer can be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="5850720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850720" title="Anwar Pasha">
Anwar Pasha

Anwar Pasha (; 1928–1971) was a Bangladeshi author and novelist. He was a martyred intellectual of 1971. Anwar Pasha was born in 15 April 1928 at Dabkai village in Murshidabad. His father was Haji Makrom Ali.
Life.
Anwar Pasha was born in the village Dabkai in Murshidabad (currently in West Bengal, India). He passed the High Madrassah examination in 1946 then went on to do his BA and then his MA in Bengali from Calcutta University in 1953. He started his career as teacher of Manikchak High Madrasah and later on taught at Bhabta Azizia High Madrasah in 1954 and Sadikhan Diar Bohumukhi Higher Secondary School in 1957. In 1958 he joined Pabna Edward College and in 1966 he joined Department of Bengali, Dhaka University. 
Family.
Anwar pasa got married with Masina Begam in the year 1953.Masina was the daughter of Junab Hekmat Ali who was of Palitberia village 
of Nadia ,West Bengal.Anwar and Masina had 2 children ,Masarul Aftab, Robiul Aftab.
Literary career.
Pasha's literary career started when he was a student at Calcutta University. At that time, he published "Hasnahena", an anthology of several literary essays. He later moved to writing short stories, novels, essays, and poems. With Muhammad Abdul Hai, he also edited and published four medieval Bengali epics.
Death.
In 1971 just before a few days of 16 December, he was picked up from his university flat by Pakistan Army and its collaborators (the Al-Badr militia led by Matiur Rahman Nizami), and taken to Mirpur, where he along with other intellectuals was executed. His dead body was recovered later.
On 3 November 2013, the International Crimes Tribunal - a special Bangladeshi court set up by the government - sentenced Chowdhury Mueen-Uddin and Ashrafuz Zaman Khan to death after the tribunal found them guilty in absentia of torture and murder of 18 intellectuals including Anwar Pasha during 1971 Liberation war of Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="5850731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850731" title="Steven Armstrong">
Steven Armstrong

Steven Armstrong (born 12 January 1984) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League and current coach of the Subiaco Lions colts team. He has played for the Melbourne Football Club and the 2006 West Coast Eagles premiership team.
He was injured in the 2002 Bali Bombing, and bears a scar on his leg from this incident.
Football career.
Drafted in the 2001 AFL Draft at pick 25 in the 2nd round, Armstrong made his debut for Melbourne in 2002. He was known for his tenacity around the ball and being a team player. However, after being omitted from the starting line-up several times (playing only 12 games between 2004–2005), he was delisted at the end of the 2005 season.
In 2006 he was thrown a lifeline by the West Coast Eagles by being added to their rookie list. He finally made his debut for the Eagles in Round 13 against the Western Bulldogs where he was one of the Eagles' best players for the match. Despite only having 15 disposals for the match, his ferocity on and off the ball was recognised. With tough competition in the Eagles lineup, he was dropped the next week. He made a return in Round 17 in the Eagles' 82 point win over minor premiers Adelaide, booting 3 goals. Armstrong was selected for week 1 of the 2006 finals after kicking 4 goals the week before. He played in the 2006 AFL Grand Final, and kicked the Eagles' penultimate goal in the final quarter to help his team win by one point.
In 2007, Armstrong had an indifferent season. He started off the season in fine fashion, impressing as a small forward, a position the club has struggled to fill since the departure of Phil Matera in 2005, including a 3 goal performance in the round 3 Western Derby against Fremantle. However, one sub-par performance in the clubs first loss of the season against Geelong in round 7, saw him lose his place in the team. He was brought back in as a replacement as early as round 9 against Hawthorn, however struggled to cement a regular spot in the team, only filling in for injuries and spent the rest of the season playing for Perth in the WAFL.
He played 14 games for the Eagles in the disappointing 2008 season. He was delisted by the club at the end of the season.
In 2009, Armstrong was signed to play full-time for WAFL team the Perth Demons.
In late 2011, after a career spanning 10 seasons, Armstrong announced that he was retiring from football to concentrate on his coaching career. He currently holds the position of Subiaco Lions colts coach.

</doc>
<doc id="5850735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850735" title="Tara Foundation">
Tara Foundation

The Tara Foundation was a charity organization dedicated to the support of low-income and disabled transsexual people.
Origins.
The foundation was started in 2001 with the assistance of a $10,000 grant from the Marin Community Foundation. As of April 2008, the Foundation appears to be defunct.
Focus.
The main focus of the Tara Foundation was to provide financial assistance to both transsexual male-to-female women and transsexual female-to-male men for sex reassignment surgery. Specifically, this assistance was aimed at disabled and low-income transsexual individuals. The Foundation stated that most insurance companies do not cover transsexual related treatments and maintained that the procedures are "medically necessary and life-changing" as opposed to elective or cosmetic.
The foundation also advocated the advancement of civil rights for transgender people, social acceptance, and the elimination of discrimination toward transgender people.

</doc>
<doc id="5850750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850750" title="Alfons Walde">
Alfons Walde

Alfons Walde (8 February 1891 - 11 December 1958), an Austrian from Kitzbühel in Tyrol, was the first artist to successfully bring skiing as a subject into painting. These sporting scenes together with his winter landscapes and farming images, rendered in a unique tempera style with impastose colouring, complemented his other artistic gifts as both an architect and graphic artist. Many of his paintings can be seen in the Museum gallery in Kitzbühel.
Alfons Walde produced his first watercolour and tempera paintings during his schooldays. From 1910 to 1914 Walde studied architecture at the Technische Hochshule in Vienna. At the same time he continued his education as a painter, In the Danubian metropolis he moved in artistic circles that included Egon Schiele and Gustav Klimt, and he became influenced by Ferdinand Hodler. 
In 1911 Walde had his first exhibition in Innsbruck; and in 1913 presented four farm pictures at the prestigious Vienna Secession exhibition. From 1914 to 1917 he actively participated in World War I as a Tyrolean Kaiserchutze in the high mountains. After returning to Kitzbuhl, he fully devoted himself to painting and participated again in exhibitions of the Secession and the Vienna Künstlerhaus throughout the 1920s. 
By around 1928 Walde had finally found his own characteristic style, one that gave expression to both the Tyrolean mountain scenery - particularly the living winter landscapes - and its robust people through the use of highly reduced drawings and pastel colouring. Throughout the rest of his artistic career his work stayed with the subject of his homeland, and retained the same distinct native style. 
The impressionistic, momentary feelings conjured up by Walde's paintings gave them a unique and characteristic place in international art history. This was reflected in the many exhibitions of his work, his entries to painting and architecture competitions, and the awards he received. Alfons Wade died on 11 December 1958 in Kitzbühel.

</doc>
<doc id="5850752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850752" title="Bashir Al Helal">
Bashir Al Helal


</doc>
<doc id="5850770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850770" title="Dupli-Kate">
Dupli-Kate

Dupli-Kate is a fictional character, a comic book superhero in the Image Comics title Invincible. She was previously a member of the Teen Team and is now one of the Guardians of the Globe.
Character history.
Dupli-Kate's power is mystical in origin. The result of an ancient curse by a Chinese Emperor against his usurper, the Warlord Fung Cha, moments before his death. The curse was: "The seventh generation after Cha's seventh grandchild would be burdened with a family too large to care for... and it would drive him mad."
Hundreds of years later, the appointed grandchild, Tsing Cha, became the single father of twins, Paul and Kate. As toddlers they began to multiply uncontrollably and eventually fulfilled the curse by driving Tsing Cha mad.
At puberty the twins gained control of their powers and can now generate and absorb duplicates at will. Multi-Paul, as Paul was called, kept himself hidden until Kate's death was public knowledge, then he starts a murderous rampage against Rex Splode and Invincible, holding them responsible for Kate's demise.
Dupli-Kate became a member of the Teen Team, where she was involved in the breakup of Rex Splode and Atom Eve after Eve walked in on Rex cheating with multiple copies of Kate. Along with her fellow Teen Team teammates, Robot and Rex Splode, Kate joined the new Guardians of the Globe after the old Guardians were murdered. Rex later found Kate cheating on him with the Immortal. Kate's relationship with the Immortal grew more serious and after a brief engagement they were married in a private ceremony.
In a recent fight with the Lizard League, Kate was apparently killed until issue #46 of Invincible, Dupli-Kate appears stating that she had her original self hidden away for protection. When "she" died during the fight with the Lizard League, only the copies died while her original self was somewhere undisclosed.
She returns to stop Paul's rampage, only to find that Invincible came first, and refusing to hear her pleas, wants to put Paul in jail.

</doc>
<doc id="5850788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850788" title="Bipradash Barua">
Bipradash Barua


</doc>
<doc id="5850792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850792" title="Transportation in Washington, D.C.">
Transportation in Washington, D.C.

Washington, D.C. has a number of different modes of transportation available for use. Commuters have a major influence on travel patterns, with only 28% of people employed in Washington, D.C. commuting from within the city, whereas 33.5% commute from the nearby Maryland suburbs, 22.7% from Northern Virginia, and the rest from Washington, D.C.'s outlying suburbs.
Commuting.
Washington, D.C. has the second highest percentage of public transit commuters in the United States, behind only New York City.
Commuters have a major influence on travel patterns in Washington, D.C. 671,678 people are employed in Washington, D.C., with only 28% commuting from within the city. 18.7% of people working in Washington, D.C. commute from Prince George's County, Maryland and 14.8% from Montgomery County, Maryland. 13.2% come from Fairfax County, Virginia, 6% from Arlington County, Virginia, and 3.5% from Alexandria, Virginia. Smaller numbers of commuters come from the outer suburbs, including 2.4% from Anne Arundel County, Maryland, and 2.3% from Prince William County, Virginia, 1.6% from Charles County, Maryland, 1.3% from Howard County, Maryland, and 1% from Loudoun County, Virginia. Of the 260,000 Washington, D.C. residents that were employed as of 2000, 24% commute to jobs in Montgomery, Prince George's, Fairfax, and Arlington Counties, as well as Alexandria. Of those that work in Washington, D.C., 44.8% drive alone to work, 21.2% take Metro, 14.4% carpool/slug, 8.8% use Metrobus, 4.5% walk to work, 2.7% travel by commuter rail, and 0.6% ride their bicycle to work. 35.4% of households in Washington, D.C. do not own a car.
Streets and highways.
City streets in the District of Columbia are organized primarily in a grid-like fashion with its origin at the United States Capitol, with diagonal streets running across this grid, as well as circles—a plan laid out by Pierre L'Enfant and revised by Andrew Ellicott and Joseph Ellicott. The north–south roads are primarily named with numbers (i.e. 1st Street, 2nd Street, etc.), while the east–west roads are primarily named with letters (beginning with A Street) or, once letters are exhausted, are named alphabetically (Adams, Bryant, Channing, etc.) Intersecting this network of streets are diagonal avenues named after each of the fifty states. Within this grid, all streets are a part of one of the four quadrants of the city--Northeast (NE), Northwest (NW), Southeast (SE), and Southwest (SW)—centered on the Capitol Building. All roads end with this suffix at the end of their title. For example, there is a 4th Street NE, 4th Street NW, 4th Street SE, and 4th Street SW.
Exceptions to this nomenclature include the names of the streets that line the National Mall. The north side of the mall is lined by Constitution Avenue, whereas the south side of the mall is lined by Independence Avenue. Both streets follow the NE, NW, SE, SW rule.
Major interstates running through the area include the Capital Beltway (I-495), I-66, I-95, I-395 (also called the Southwest/Southeast Freeway in D.C. or Shirley Highway in Virginia), I-295 (also called the Anacostia Freeway or Kenilworth Avenue), and I-270 (which does not reach D.C., terminating at I-495). Other major highways include the Whitehurst Freeway, in D.C., the George Washington Parkway in Virginia, the Rock Creek Parkway in D.C., the Suitland Parkway in D.C. and Maryland, US Route 50, the Clara Barton Parkway and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway in Maryland, and the Dulles Toll Road in Virginia. Portions of I-66 and I-95/I-395 in Virginia are HOV roads (only vehicles carrying multi-occupants or using hybrid energy are allowed on during weekday rush hours).
Rail.
Washington Metro.
The Washington area is served by the Washington Metro public transportation system, operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA). WMATA also operates Metrobus, a regional bus system serving D.C. and the closest immediate counties (described further below). The Washington Metro connects with both commuter rail and intercity rail systems at Union Station.
Commuter rail.
MARC provides service from Union Station to Baltimore and Perryville with intermediate stops, on both the Camden and Penn Lines. MARC's Brunswick line provides service between Martinsburg, West Virginia with intermediate stops, and Union Station. A new spur of the Brunswick line also goes to Frederick, Maryland. All three lines of Maryland's MARC train system begin at Union Station in Washington where passengers can transfer to the Washington Metro's Red Line; Metrorail service is also provided to New Carrollton (Orange Line) and, College Park — University of Maryland and Greenbelt (Green Line); and Silver Spring and Rockville stations in Montgomery County (Red Line).
Virginia Railway Express commuter trains provide service from Union Station to Fredericksburg and Manassas, Virginia. VRE trains also stop at several Metro stations, including L'Enfant Plaza, Crystal City, King Street – Old Town, and Franconia-Springfield.
Amtrak.
Amtrak's Acela Express and Northeast Regional provide service on the high speed Northeast Corridor from Washington's Union Station to Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York City, and Boston, as well as intermediate stops. In addition, the Vermonter provides service to Burlington, Vermont via New York. The Palmetto provides service to Georgia, the Crescent provides service to New Orleans, and Amtrak's Silver Service trains provide service to Florida, all en route from New York. The Capitol Limited and Cardinal, the latter using a much longer and more southerly route via West Virginia and Virginia, provide rail service between Washington, D.C. and Chicago. Amtrak's nonstop service Auto Train to Sanford, Florida originates 30 minutes south of the city in Lorton, Virginia. Connections to Washington Metro are offered at Union Station in Washington, at New Carrollton station in Prince George's County, at Rockville in Montgomery County, and at the adjacent King Street – Old Town Station and Alexandria Union Station in Alexandria.
Bus.
Metrobus.
Metrobus is a bus service operated by Metro, consisting of 176 bus lines serving 12,301 stops, including 3,133 bus shelters and nearly every Washington Metro station. In fiscal year 2006, Metrobus provided 131 million trips, 39% of all Washington Metro trips. It serves D.C. and the inner ring of suburban counties. The Maryland Department of Transportation and several privately operated companies provide bus service during weekday rush hours between D.C. and more distant counties such as Anne Arundel, Calvert, Charles, Frederick, Howard, and St. Mary's in Maryland; and Fredericksburg, Loudoun, Prince William, and Stafford in Virginia.
DC Circulator.
DC Circulator is a downtown circulator bus system owned by the District of Columbia Department of Transportation, with five routes connecting points of interest in the city center.
Inter-city bus.
Union Station is a stop for several bus lines, including Megabus and BoltBus. Nearby is Washington's Greyhound Lines station, which is also served by Peter Pan Bus Lines. A bus stop for the Chinatown bus lines is near Gallery Place station and the Verizon Center. The Greenbelt Metro station also has a bus line that commutes to the Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport, which connects Metro to the Baltimore area's MTA buses and light rail system. MTA Commuter Bus also serves limited parts of Montgomery and Prince George's Counties in Maryland.
Student transportation.
Several Metrorail stations offer connections to Home Ride, a bus service which connects Virginia Tech, Radford University, James Madison University, and the University of Virginia to the northern Virginia area. Many students at these schools use Home Ride as a method for getting home on weekends.
Higher education campuses in the area also offer on-site and commuter transportation, such as the University of Maryland's Shuttle-UM.
Airport transportation.
Metrorail's Yellow and Blue Lines serve Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport. Express bus service from L'Enfant Plaza, West Falls Church and Rosslyn is provided to Washington Dulles International Airport. Baltimore-Washington International Airport is served by express bus from Greenbelt, and by rail from Union Station by MARC and Amtrak. There is also a planned station for Washington Dulles International Airport on the upcoming Metrorail Silver Line.
Cars.
There are a number of major routes for autos.
Car sharing.
In December 2001, Metro initiated a relationship with Flexcar, a private company which operates car sharing networks in several North American cities. A competitor, Zipcar, began service in the region and later merged with Flexcar on October 31, 2007. With this service, cars are parked at major Metrorail stations and other convenient locations in the metropolitan area and made available for rental on an hourly basis, with the goal of reducing car dependency and congestion, improving the environment, and increasing transit ridership.
In March 2012, Car2Go began offering service in D.C., initially providing 200 Smart cars for use everywhere within the District's city limits. The international car sharing company, which offers one-way rentals charged by the minute, increased their vehicle fleet to 400 in 2013. During its first year of operation, Car2Go paid the city more than $500,000 for rights to meter-free parking. The service has seen initial success; from September 2012 to July 2013, membership tripled to 26,000 users.
Parking.
There is heavy vehicle congestion from the large percentage of the population who chooses to drive. This results in a parking problem. There have been various attempts by corporations to solve the city's parking problem as a Guinea pig location. There has been little success.
Air.
Washington, D.C. is served by three major airports: two are located in suburban Virginia and one in Maryland. Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport is the closest — located in Arlington County, Virginia, just across the Potomac River from Hains Point, and accessible via Washington Metro. The airport is conveniently located near to the downtown area; however, it has somewhat restricted flights to airports within the United States because of noise and security concerns. Most major international flights arrive and depart from Washington Dulles International Airport , located 26.3 miles (42.3 km) west of the city in Fairfax and Loudoun counties in Virginia. Dulles is the second busiest international gateway on the Eastern Seaboard. It is the Washington region's second busiest airport in terms of passengers served. Dulles offers service from several low-cost carriers including JetBlue, although the low-cost selection decreased greatly when Independence Air (which was headquartered at Dulles) folded in January 2006. Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport , is located 31.7 miles (51.0 km) northeast of the city in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, south of Baltimore and is the busiest airport in the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area. BWI is notable for its variety of low-cost carriers, such as Southwest Airlines, and its few international flights, on carriers such as Air Canada and British Airways.
Reagan National Airport and Dulles International Airport are operated by the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority.
General aviation is additionally available at several smaller airfields, including Montgomery County Airpark (Gaithersburg, Maryland), College Park Airport (College Park, Maryland), Potomac Airfield (Friendly CDP of Prince George's County, Maryland), and Manassas Regional Airport (Manassas, Virginia). Since 2003, the general aviation airports closest to Washington, D.C. have had their access strictly limited by the implementation of the Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ).
Bicycling.
There is a network of dedicated bicycle lanes around Washington, D.C. and there are 1,300 bicycle racks installed on sidewalks all over the city. An estimated 3.3% of the District's residents biked to work in 2010, and by 2008 the city had the sixth-highest percentage of bike commuters in the United States.
There are also two bicycle sharing services. SmartBike DC was launched in 2008 and Capital Bikeshare began services in September 2010. Washington D.C. formerly had the largest bike sharing service in the U.S. with 1,100 bicycles and 110 rental locations (New York City's CitiBike program is now larger).

</doc>
<doc id="5850795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850795" title="Japan National Route 246">
Japan National Route 246

Along its course, Route 246 passes from Chiyoda through Minato, Shibuya, Meguro, Setagaya in Tokyo (called or in part of this section), and into Kanagawa Prefecture, entering Kawasaki (Takatsu and Miyamae), Yokohama (Tsuzuki, Aoba and Midori), Machida (Tokyo), Yamato, Atsugi, Isehara, Matsuda and Yamakita (called or in part of this section). In Shizuoka Prefecture, it passes through Susono, Oyama, and Nagaizumi en route to its terminus in Numazu. 
Part of the route – running through Shibuya and past the outer gardens of the Meiji Jingu – was recreated in Gran Turismo 3 under the name "Tokyo Route 246". The same track is also featured in subsequent games in the series.
References.
Super-Mapple 2006 Edition
Google Earth

</doc>
<doc id="5850805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850805" title="Ali-Akbar Mousavi Khoeini">
Ali-Akbar Mousavi Khoeini

Ali Akbar Mousavi Khoeini () (also known as Seyed Ali Akbar Mosavi) is a notable Iranian human rights activist and politician. He was an active member of Tahkim vahdat before he was elected as a Member of Parliament in the 6th Parliament of Iran. In the parliament, he made a significant attempt to defend the rights of political prisoners during the 1990s. He is currently the president of Advar Tahkim Vahdat.
Biography.
Mousavi Khoeini started his political career as an activist in the Islamic Students Association of Khajeh Nasir University. Students in "Islamic Associations" are the biggest pro-democracy student groups in the universities in Iran. He was later elected to be a member of Adver Tahkim Vahdat, a representative body of Islamic Students Associations in Iran.
In 1999, he was elected to the Majlis of Iran (Iranian Parliament) from the district of Tehran. He along with Fatemeh Haghighatjoo, Ali Tajernia and others started the student faction in the parliament. They followed up the demands of student activists within the parliament. They initiated a sit-in in the parliament in support of jailed students, which resulted in many of them getting freed by the regime.
Mousavi Khoeini also helped form a committee in the parliament to visit the prisons and report on the condition of the imprisoned activists. He was able to uncover a number of secret facilities that were used to keep the political activists in very poor conditions. He also tried to provide ways of financial support for families of imprisoned political activists.
For the first time in the history of Islamic Republic, he pressed the Majles Khobregan (the body which selects the supreme leader for lifetime) to produce a report on the performance of the supreme leader.
He also founded Sazeman-e Danesh Amokhtegan-e Iran (Iran Students Alumni Organization) to defend human rights of students, women, prisoners, and minorities. This led to his involvement with the demonstration of women in June in support of women's rights in Iran. He was arrested during this protest on June 12, 2006 in Haft-e Tir Square in Tehran and was put in solitary confinement.[http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/09/26/AR2006092601511.html?sub=new] He was released on bail on Oct 22, 2006 in part due to the efforts of Akbar Ganji, the well known Iranian political activist recently released from jail, who launched a mass-hunger strike campaign to free Mosavi from jail.
Mousiva Khoeini currently resides in Washington DC (source: http://www.nytimes.com/2010/03/19/world/middleeast/19iran.html).

</doc>
<doc id="5850822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850822" title="California gubernatorial election, 1978">
California gubernatorial election, 1978

The 1978 California gubernatorial election occurred on November 7, 1978. The Democratic incumbent, Jerry Brown, defeated the Republican nominee, Attorney General Evelle J. Younger, in a landslide.
Primary election summary.
In the Republican gubernatorial primary, California Attorney General Evelle Younger (who was the only Republican elected to a statewide office in the post-Watergate Democratic onslaught in the 1974 California general election) defeated Ed Davis (State Senator and former Los Angeles Police Chief), Ken Maddy (State Senate Minority Leader from Fresno), and Pete Wilson (Mayor of San Diego). Incumbent Jerry Brown had only minor opposition in the Democratic Primary. The most newsworthy battle in this primary election was Proposition 13, the initiative authored by Howard Jarvis which sought to drastically reduce property taxes and change the way property taxes were calculated. Younger and most Republicans supported Proposition 13 while Brown and most Democrats opposed it. The initiative passed with 64.8% of the vote; it is still in effect, and many other states passed similar laws.
Primary Election-Republican June 6, 1978
Primary Election-Democratic June 6, 1978
General election.
What followed in the general election was one of the most remarkable turnarounds in California election history. Younger attempted to seize the momentum from his support and passage of Proposition 13, but was a drab speaker, dull campaigner, and lacked an effective organization. In addition, the tough primary battle left him short of money. On the other hand, Brown, who opposed Proposition 13, used the power of incumbency and announced "the people have spoken, and as Governor I will diligently enforce their will." Thus Brown turned a negative into a positive. In addition, since he was relatively unchallenged in the primary, he had a much bigger campaign war chest. Brown ultimately won reelection in a landslide.

</doc>
<doc id="5850826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850826" title="Dilara Hashem">
Dilara Hashem


</doc>
<doc id="5850861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850861" title="Internet in a Box">
Internet in a Box

Internet in a Box (IBox) was one of the first commercially available Internet connection software packages available for sale to the public. Spry, Inc. produced the package, as well as starting up a commercial Internet service provider (ISP) called InterServ.
The IBox software included the Winsock and TCP/IP stack that were needed to connect a computer running Microsoft Windows to the Internet in 1994. The IBox package also included a licensed copy of the NCSA Mosaic web browser called "AIR Mosaic", AIR Mail (an email client), AIR News (an NNTP news client), AIR Telnet, AIR Gopher, and an FTP Network File Manager.
Combined with InterServ's dial-up access, Internet in a Box provided a complete solution for members of the general public to access the Internet, a network previously available almost exclusively to government and collegiate users, or to the public only indirectly through e-mail gateways provided by hosted systems such as BBS and CompuServe. The inclusion of a web browser further gave access to the nascent World Wide Web.
Two pioneering Internet books; Ed Krol's 'Whole Internet User's Guide and Catalog' (US-1993) and a special edition of Sue Schofield's 'UK Internet Book' (UK 1994) were included in the US and European editions of the product.
Spry, Inc..
Spry, Inc. was a small software company headed up by David Pool in Seattle, Washington. Spry was the first company licensing the Mosaic's source code. In 1995 CompuServe bought Spry, Inc. for $100 million in cash and stock of H&R Block (the parent company of CompuServe).

</doc>
<doc id="5850863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850863" title="Qijian Xia Tianshan">
Qijian Xia Tianshan

Qijian Xia Tianshan is a wuxia novel by Liang Yusheng. It was first serialised between 15 February 1956 and 31 March 1957 in the Hong Kong newspaper "Ta Kung Pao". It is also closely linked to the novels "Saiwai Qixia Zhuan" and "Baifa Monü Zhuan", also by Liang Yusheng.
Plot.
The prologue serves as a continuation of Yang Yuncong and Nalan Minghui's story in "Saiwai Qixia Zhuan", set in the early Qing dynasty. Nalan is forced to marry the Manchu prince Dodo even though she loves Yang and has borne Yang a daughter. Yang shows up on the night before Nalan's wedding and seizes their infant daughter from her. He is mortally wounded in a fight against Prince Dodo's henchmen. Before his death, he entrusts his daughter to the youth Liang Mulang, who was attempting suicide after being mistakenly accused of betraying his comrades. Mulang brings Yang's daughter back to Yang's teacher Reverend Huiming on Mount Heaven.
Mulang spends 18 years training under Reverend Huiming's tutelage and he becomes a formidable swordsman. He returns to the "jianghu" under a new name, "Ling Weifeng", and does a series of chivalrous deeds. Yang Yuncong's daughter, Yilan Zhu, has mastered the 'Mount Heaven Swordplay', and she swears to kill Prince Dodo and avenge her father. On Mount Wutai, members of the anti-Qing secret society Heaven and Earth Society and some Southern Ming rebels attempt to assassinate Prince Dodo but their plans are interrupted by Yilan Zhu's untimely appearance. During the ensuing chaos, Yilan Zhu unintentionally causes Zhang Huazhao to be captured by Qing soldiers. She goes to Prince Dodo's residence to rescue Zhang later.
Meanwhile, Fu Qingzhu and Mao Wanlian discover that the Shunzhi Emperor is still alive and has become a monk on Mount Wutai. Shunzhi's son, the reigning Kangxi Emperor, secretly murders his father to safeguard his throne. On Ling Weifeng's part, he meets his old crush Liu Yufang, who wrongly accused him of betrayal years ago. Even though Ling's appearance has changed, Liu still notices that he bears some resemblance to Mulang, but he refuses to admit that he is indeed Mulang. Ling Weifeng and Liu Yufang travel to Yunnan later and befriend Li Siyong, a descendant of Li Zicheng. They also encounter Fu Qingzhu and Mao Wanlian, as well as Gui Zhongming, a new companion. Gui falls in love with Mao after she helps him recover from his mental illness.
Gui Zhongming and Mao Wanlian go to Beijing later to find Yilan Zhu and they meet the scholar Nalan Rongruo. In the meantime, Nalan Minghui recognises Yilan Zhu as her daughter and she pleads with Prince Dodo to spare her daughter's life. After much difficulty, Yilan Zhu and Zhang Huazhao escape from danger and they fall in love. Yilan Zhu avenges her father later by assassinating Prince Dodo, but is captured and imprisoned. Nalan Minghui is unable to rescue her daughter and commits suicide in despair. "Flying Red Sash" Hamaya (a former love rival of Nalan) and Ling Weifeng appear in the nick of time and save Yilan Zhu.
Ling Weifeng suddenly experiences a seizure in a fight against Chu Zhaonan, his treacherous senior. Chu turns the tables on Ling and captures and imprisons him in an underground labyrinth in Tibet. Ling attempts to escape but fails and is on the brink of death. He writes a letter to Liu Yufang, admitting that he is indeed Mulang. Liu is heartbroken upon reading Ling's letter. Han Zhibang, who has a secret crush on Liu Yufang, bravely sacrifices himself to save Ling Weifeng and dies at the hands of Chu Zhaonan. Fu Qingzhu and the other heroes break into the labyrinth to rescue Ling. Chu Zhaonan is defeated by Yilan Zhu and commits suicide eventually.
Ling Weifeng, Zhang Huazhao, Gui Zhongming, Yilan Zhu, Mao Wanlian, Wu Qiongyao, and Hamaya form the "Seven Swords of Mount Heaven", with Liu Yufang as a close ally. They leave behind a heroic legacy of upholding justice and helping the poor and oppressed.
Adaptations.
Films.
In 1959, Hong Kong's Emei Film Company produced a film titled "Seven Swordsmen Leave Tianshan" based on the novel. It starred Cheung Wood-yau, Law Yim-hing, Lam Kau, Hoh Bik-gin, Shek Sau, Yeung Fan and Yeung Yip-wang.
Tsui Hark's 2005 film "Seven Swords" features seven sword fighters, each wielding a special sword, departing from Mount Heaven to save a village under attack by a ruthless warlord. The seven swords are: The Dragon (由龍), wielded by Chu Zhaonan; The Transience (青干), wielded by Yang Yuncong; The Star Chasers (競星), wielded by Xin Longzi; The Celestial Beam (日月), wielded by Mulang; The Deity (舍神), wielded by Han Zhibang; The Heaven's Fall (天瀑), wielded by Wu Yuanying; and The Unlearnt (莫問), wielded by Fu Qingzhu. Except for some characters' names, the story and the seven swords are not related to "Qijian Xia Tianshan". Donnie Yen, Leon Lai, Charlie Yeung, Lu Yi and Sun Honglei starred in the leading roles.
Television.
In 2006, Tsui Hark produced "Seven Swordsmen", a television series derived from the 2005 film "Seven Swords". It starred Vincent Zhao, Wang Xuebing, Ray Lui, Ada Choi, Qiao Zhenyu, Li Xiaoran, Wang Likun and Bryan Leung. The story is based more on "Saiwai Qixia Zhuan", the novel preceding "Qijian Xia Tianshan", even though it shares the same Chinese title as the latter.
Comics.
In 2006, Chinese artists Guangzu (光祖) and Niu Tongxue (牛同學) released a manhua series of the same Chinese title as the novel.

</doc>
<doc id="5850874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850874" title="Tiara Tahiti">
Tiara Tahiti

Tiara Tahiti is a 1962 film starring James Mason and John Mills. Both a comedy and drama, and the first film directed by Ted Kotcheff, it is based on the novel by Geoffrey Cotterell, who also adapted it for the screen with Ivan Foxwell.
It was filmed in London and Tahiti. Rosenda Monteros, a Mexican actress, plays a Tahitian beauty. Roy Kinnear had a minor role.
Plot.
Clifford Southey (Mills) is a clerk at a brokerage firm who is promoted to lieutenant colonel during the war. His subordinate officer, Captain Brett Aimsley (Mason), was a partner at Southey's firm. Popular and charismatic, Capt. Aimsley is everything Col. Southey is not, but aspires to be. Unfortunately money is Aimsley's weakness. His profligacy sees him removed from Southey's command.
Some time after the war, Aimsley's comfortable exile in Tahiti is rudely interrupted by the arrival of his old adversary, now director of a hotel chain looking to expand into the burgeoning South Seas market.

</doc>
<doc id="5850875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850875" title="Hasnat Abdul Hye">
Hasnat Abdul Hye

Hasnat Abdul Hye (born 1939) is a Bangladesi writer and novelist. He received the national award Ekushey Padak for his contribution to literature in 1994. His novel "Sultan" was nominated for the Irish Impact Award in 1997.
Early life and education.
Hye was born in Calcutta in 1939 in undivided Bengal. He studied Economics at Dhaka University, the University of Washington, London School of Economics and Development Studies at Cambridge University. 
Career.
After teaching Economics at Dhaka University he joined Civil Service of Pakistan in 1965 and retired from the Bangladesh Civil Service in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5850876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850876" title="Multi-Paul">
Multi-Paul

Multi-Paul is a fictional character, a comic book superhero in the Image Comics series Invincible. 
Multi-Paul is the twin brother of Dupli-Kate. Very little is known about him as he was only mentioned in the 3 page Dupli-Kate origin story. What is known is that he has the same powers as his sister and that his current whereabouts are unknown.
Multi-Paul resurfaces from his self-imposed exile to avenge his sister's presumed demise, taking his vengeance over Rex Splode and Invincible. Kate tries to stop him, only to find that Invincible was able to total Paul's dupes, and now intends bring Paul to jail.
In issue 47 (which takes place after Paul's apparent arrest) the rock-skinned crime boss known as Titan is seen in dialogue with Mr. Liu, an older Asian man with a mechanical jaw and enormous bodyguard. Mr. Liu makes a vague reference to both an "organization" and an "order" of which Multi-Paul is evidently a member. He demands that Titan quickly restore Multi-Paul to him. Multi-Paul was locked up in Stronghold Penitentary. After an unsuccessful attempts by Titan to free him Paul is freed by his master Mr. Liu.

</doc>
<doc id="5850887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850887" title="Boardface">
Boardface

Boardface is Gotye's debut album. It was originally released in 2003, and then re-released as a companion to his follow-up breakthrough album, "Like Drawing Blood".
Development.
In 2001, Gotye recorded his first tracks primarily using samples. He put together a four-track CD which included the song 'Out Here in the Cold'. He made approximately 50 copies of this first collection, handwriting the track list and colouring in the cover sleeve in pencil. He drew on his cultural history for inspiration when naming his new project; Wouter, Gotye's birth name, translates into French as Gaultier (or Gautier or Gauthier), a pet name used by his mother (who gave French classes) when he was a child. He chose his own spelling of this variation and named the project "Gotye". He sent the CDs out to every radio station and recording industry contact he could find in the phonebook, then followed each up with phone calls to ensure they were delivered. Feedback on the first release was mainly positive with Melbourne street press and Australian youth radio station Triple J taking notice, giving him confidence to continue with further sample-based recordings.
Around this time, Gotye met fellow singer-songwriter Kris Schroeder at a party in Mt Eliza, and the two began performing together under the name The Basics. They formed an enduring songwriting and performing partnership and became regulars on the live music scene, giving De Backer an outlet for his passion for live performance. The Basics have continued to tour and record alongside Gotye, releasing four albums between 2004 and 2010.
Wouter went on to produce two more four-track Gotye collections which were met with positive reviews, with several tracks getting onto the rotation at Triple J. The CDs were made in the same style as the first, with De Backer hand crafting each one and tenaciously chasing up every opportunity to get an audience for his work. Interest in the Gotye project was growing, and De Backer was eventually offered a distribution deal for an album, which would essentially be a collection of the tracks from his three earlier releases. This album was released as "Boardface" in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5850896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850896" title="Padraig O'Keeffe">
Padraig O'Keeffe

Padraig O'Keeffe ("Irish: Pádraig Ó Caoimh") (1887 – 1963) was a noted Irish traditional musician.
O'Keeffe was born in Glountane, Castleisland, County Kerry,into a large family where his father was the local national school headmaster. He was reared by his maternal grandparents. The area, part of the Sliabh Luachra region, was well-versed in music and Padraig was taught to play the fiddle by his uncle, Cal. He went to Dublin to train as a national school teacher and on qualifying returned to teach in his father's old school in 1915. He was not happy in the job and left about 1920. The remainder of his life was spent teaching and playing the fiddle in his distinctive style. He also composed a number of tunes including Johhny Cope, a six-part variation on a traditional Celtic melody. He frequently played in Jack Lyon's pub in Scartaglen. Among his pupils were Denis Murphy, his sister Julia Clifford and Johnny O'Leary. His music was collected in 1947-49 by Seamus Ennis and later by Seamus MacMathuna. These recordings were broadcast on Radio Éireann (RTÉ), and later re-used by the BBC in 1952, bringing him wide fame. The 1940s recordings were later issued on a CD "Padraig O'Keeffe: The Sliabh Luachra Fiddle Master" in 1993. He is considered the most influential player of the Munster style in the 20th century.
Since 1993 the "Patrick O'Keeffe Traditional Music Festival" has been held in Castleisland in Kerry. There is no great consistency in the spelling of the anglicised version of his name. For example Topic issued "Kerry Fiddles" (1993) by Padraig O'Keefe, Denis Murphy and Julia Clifford (one "f"). RTÉ issued "The Sliabh Luachra Fiddle Master" by Padraig O'Keeffe (two "f"s).

</doc>
<doc id="5850911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850911" title="2004–05 Scottish Premier League">
2004–05 Scottish Premier League

The 2004–05 Scottish Premier League was won by Rangers.
As league champions, Rangers qualified for the UEFA Champions League, with runners-up Celtic also qualifying. Third-placed Hibernian qualified for the UEFA Cup, as did Dundee United, who took the Scottish Cup place despite losing the final to Celtic.
Dundee were relegated, and Scottish First Division winners Falkirk were promoted.
John Hartson was the top scorer with 25 goals for Celtic, whose manager Martin O'Neill stepped down at the end of the season after five years and a host of major trophies.
Promotion and relegation from 2003–04.
Promoted from First Division to Premier League
Relegated from Premier League to First Division
Top scorers.
Source: SPL official website
Attendances.
The average attendances for SPL clubs during the 2004–05 season are shown below:
Source: SPL official website

</doc>
<doc id="5850914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850914" title="California gubernatorial election, 1974">
California gubernatorial election, 1974

The 1974 California gubernatorial election took place on November 5, 1974. The primary elections occurred on June 4, 1974. Incumbent Governor and former actor Ronald Reagan was retiring after two terms. Democratic Secretary of State Jerry Brown, son of former Governor Pat Brown, defeated Republican Controller Houston I. Flournoy in the general election.
Election background.
For the first time since 1930, the incumbent governor of California (in this case, Ronald Reagan) was not running for reelection in either the primary or general election. This led to a pair of hotly contested primary elections. On the Republican side, 8 year Lieutenant Governor Edwin Reinecke ran against State Controller Houston I. Flournoy. The moderate Flournoy won a surprisingly easy victory over the more conservative Reinecke. On the Democratic side, there were numerous contenders for the nomination, including Secretary of State (and son of former Governor Pat Brown) Jerry Brown, Assembly Speaker Bob Moretti, and the mayor of San Francisco, Joseph Alioto. Brown ultimately won the primary, easily outdistancing his nearest rival Alioto.
Brown had the statewide name recognition, benefited from the fact Democrats now outnumbered Republicans in CA, and maintained a lead in most of the early polls. Flournoy began to gain in the polls as the election approached, but Brown won, although by a much smaller margin than predicted. Coincidentally, when Brown ran for Secretary of State four years earlier, he defeated a man named James Flournoy - no relation to Houston - in a very close election.

</doc>
<doc id="5850916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850916" title="1980 NBL season">
1980 NBL season

Here are the results and statistics from the 1980 National Basketball League season.
End of Season Ladder.
This is the ladder at the end of season, before the finals. In all, 132 games were played, 22 for each team.
Finals.
There were two semi-finals, and then one grand final. All three of these finals were sudden death.
Semi-Finals.
1st place played 4th place on the end of year ladder, and then 2nd place played 3rd place.
"1st Semi Final" - St. Kilda Saints '"101" def Nunawading Spectres 77
"2nd Semi Final" - West Adelaide Bearcats 101 def Brisbane Bullets 94
Grand Final.
St. Kilda Saints 113 def West Adelaide Bearcats 88

</doc>
<doc id="5850927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850927" title="James Pimm">
James Pimm

James Tee Pimm (1798 - 1873) created the gin-based liqueur known as Pimm's.
Pimm was born and raised in Newnham, Kent as the son of tenant farmers. He was classically educated in Edinburgh, Scotland, where he focused his studies on Theology. In his early 20s he moved to London where he established himself as a shellfish monger, the first step on a career in catering. He opened his first oyster bar in 1823 across from Buckingham Palace. The royal family were frequent patrons. Within ten years he was running a chain of five restaurants patronized by the rest of the British gentry and "hoi polloi".
Pimm devised the cocktail to accompany the shellfish and the recipe was a closely guarded secret then, and remains so to this day. The owners now are Diageo PLC.

</doc>
<doc id="5850933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850933" title="Shockwave (Six Flags Great America)">
Shockwave (Six Flags Great America)

Shockwave (sometimes written as ShockWave or Shock Wave) was a large roller coaster manufactured by Arrow Dynamics at Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, Illinois. Standing tall and reaching speeds of , it opened in 1988 as the world's tallest and fastest looping roller coaster with a record-breaking seven inversions: three vertical loops, a boomerang (also known as a batwing), and two regular corkscrews. Shockwave was closed in 2002 and has been dismantled.
History.
Shockwave was designed by Ron Toomer at Arrow Dynamics and broke the world record for number of inversions when it opened. The previous world record was six on Vortex at Kings Island, which opened the year before.
A year after Shockwave opened, The Great American Scream Machine debuted at Six Flags Great Adventure; this coaster had exactly the same layout that Shockwave had, but was three feet taller and had a top speed of . A year later in 1990, Viper opened at Six Flags Magic Mountain and set the records for tallest (188 feet tall) and fastest () looping coaster. All three coasters were designed by Arrow Dynamics, and all three had the same inversions in the same order. 
Operational issues.
Shockwave was plagued with some operational issues throughout its lifetime. Due to the speed and stress from the train negotiating the first vertical loop, a track fracture developed and needed attention on a regular basis in order to remain safe for operation. The wheels for the ride were quite expensive and, according to some ride operators, wore out quickly, which required a vigilant crew and frequent closures for a period of ten to fifteen minutes for maintenance staff to be dispatched to change them out. The coaster gained a reputation as being an overly intense ride, as evidenced by postings in roller coaster enthusiast newsgroups and forums. Finally, a rumored accident involving a wheel separation in August 2002, coupled with these issues, may have led to the ride being taken down in fall 2002 to make way for , which had originally been slated to replace the smaller Whizzer roller coaster. Since Whizzer was far more popular than Shockwave, the decision was made to keep Whizzer and tear down Shockwave instead. The ride was dismantled and placed into storage behind the park and offered for sale. After attempts to sell the coaster or relocate it to another Six Flags park failed, it was scrapped at the end of Six Flags Great America's 2004 season.
Remains of Shockwave.
After the installation of Superman: Ultimate Flight, much of Shockwave was demolished and sold as scrap in 2004, although certain pieces can still be found throughout the park today:
For the first couple of years following Shockwave's demolition, riders of "Superman: Ultimate Flight" would often report seeing pieces of Shockwave in the grass below the ride.
The ride.
On Shockwave, riders were seated and pulled down their over-the-shoulder restraints. They exited the station, rolling over the transfer track, and entered a short drop before making a tight un-banked U-turn toward the lift. Once at the top of the lift, the riders entered the roughly 150-degrees-to-the-left twisting drop, speeding down to the ground. They then climbed up to the first vertical loop, high above the queue line. A roughly 90-degree left turn followed, and then the two consecutive vertical loops. Next, the train rose up and negotiated a very tight left turn into the mid-course/block brake. After a braking, riders went through a zig-zag turn and drop and entered the cobra roll, getting their pictures taken between the two inversions. Upon exiting the element, the train made a roughly 180-degree turn to the right and entered the two back-to-back "right-hand" or "clockwise" corkscrews. Finally, riders went over a small bunny hill and made a roughly 210-degree turn to the left, entering the long brake run leading to the station.

</doc>
<doc id="5850940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850940" title="Spry">
Spry

Spry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5850950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850950" title="NTHS">
NTHS

NTHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5850977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850977" title="Hidden semi-Markov model">
Hidden semi-Markov model

A hidden semi-Markov model (HSMM) is a statistical model with the same structure as a hidden Markov model except that the unobservable process is semi-Markov rather than Markov. This means that the probability of there being a change in the hidden state depends on the amount of time that has elapsed since entry into the current state. This is in contrast to hidden Markov models where there is a constant probability of changing state given survival in the state up to that time.
For instance modelled daily rainfall using a hidden semi-Markov model. If the underlying process (e.g. weather system) does not have a geometrically distributed duration, an HSMM may be more appropriate.
The model was first published by Leonard E. Baum and Ted Petrie in 1966.
Statistical inference for hidden semi-Markov models is more difficult than in hidden Markov models, since algorithms like the Baum-Welch algorithm are not directly applicable, and must be adapted requiring more resources.

</doc>
<doc id="5850981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850981" title="Content Sealed Format">
Content Sealed Format

Content Sealed Format (DRM) (CSF) is a proprietary format created by the Informative Graphics Corporation[http://www.infograph.com/] for sharing electronic documents, images and CAD drawings in an encrypted format with embedded protection to permit visual operations on the files, such as time expiration, ability to print, copy, measure, view by layers, etc. It is also known as "Visual Rights".

</doc>
<doc id="5850999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850999" title="Mack Easley">
Mack Easley

Mack Easley (October 14, 1916 – March 1, 2006) was an American politician and judge in New Mexico.
Born in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, he moved to Hobbs, New Mexico in 1947, after graduating from the University of Oklahoma Law School. After a stint as assistant District Attorney, he was elected to the New Mexico House of Representatives, where he served five terms (from 1951 to 1953 and 1955 to 1963) and was elected Speaker of the House. In 1962, he was elected Lieutenant Governor of New Mexico and served for two terms (1963-1967) with Governor Jack Campbell. After returning to Hobbs to become its new State Senator, he was appointed District Judge. In 1975, Governor Jerry Apodaca appointed Easley to the New Mexico Supreme Court, where he was elected to a second term. He retired in 1982 as Chief Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="5851013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851013" title="2003–04 Scottish Premier League">
2003–04 Scottish Premier League

The 2003–04 Scottish Premier League was won by Celtic.
As league champions, Celtic qualified for the UEFA Champions League, with runners-up Rangers also qualifying. Third-placed Hearts qualified for the UEFA Cup, as did Dunfermline Athletic, who took the Scottish Cup place despite losing the final to Celtic.
During the season, Celtic set a Scottish record of 25 successive wins.
Partick Thistle were relegated, and First Division winners Inverness Caledonian Thistle were promoted.
Celtic's Henrik Larsson was the top scorer with 30 goals.
Table.
Source: SPL official website
Top scorers.
Source: SPL official website
Attendances.
The average attendances for SPL clubs during the 2003/04 season are shown below:

</doc>
<doc id="5851015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851015" title="Melechovva">
Melechovva

Melechovva is a small area in the Kannur district. It lies very near NH 17 and on the way to Calicut Highway. The main place of historical importance is the ancient Shiva Temple, Sree Chovva Shiva Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="5851018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851018" title="Articulated car">
Articulated car

Articulated cars are rail vehicles which consist of a number of cars which are semi-permanently attached to each other and share common Jacobs bogies or axles and/or have car elements without axles suspended by the neighbouring car elements. They are much longer than single passenger cars. Because of the difficulty and cost of separating each car from the next, they are operated as a single unit, often called a "trainset".
Passenger cars.
Articulated passenger cars are becoming increasingly common in Europe and the US. The passageways between the car elements are permanently attached. There is a safety benefit claimed that if the train derails, it is less likely to jackknife and modern construction techniques prevent telescoping.
Articulated cars are not however a new idea. Many railways in Britain during the first half of the 20th century frequently rebuilt older, shorter cars into articulated sets, and the Great Northern Railway in Britain built suburban car sets new. In the 1930s, a number of streamlined trains built for the London and North Eastern Railway also made use of articulated technology.
Freight cars.
Manufacturers such as Gunderson make articulated, low-floor "well" cars, articulated trailer carriers and articulated autoracks.
Advantages and disadvantages.
Articulated cars have a number of advantages. They save on the total number of wheels and bogies, reducing initial cost, weight, noise, vibration and maintenance expenses. Further, movement between passenger cars is safer and easier than with traditional designs. 
Disadvantages primarily relate to lesser operational flexibility. For example, additional cars cannot readily be added to an articulated trainset to accommodate peaks in traffic volume and a mechanical malfunction in one car or power unit can disable an entire trainset. Furthermore the axle load is higher compared to conventional train sets due to the reduced number of wheels and bogies.

</doc>
<doc id="5851062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851062" title="Paimio Sanatorium">
Paimio Sanatorium

Paimio Sanatorium is a former tuberculosis sanatorium in Paimio, Finland Proper, designed by Finnish architect Alvar Aalto. The building was completed in 1932, and soon after received critical acclaim both in Finland and abroad. The building served exclusively as a tuberculosis sanatorium until the early 1960s, when it was converted into a general hospital. Today the building is part of the Turku University Hospital. The sanatorium was nominated to become a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
History.
Aalto received the commission to design the building after winning an architectural competition for the project held in 1929. Though the building represents the 'modernist' period of Aalto's career, and followed many of the tenets of Le Corbusier's pioneering ideas for modernist architecture (e.g. ribbon windows, roof terraces, machine aesthetic), it also carried the seeds of Aalto's later move towards a more synthetic approach. For instance, the main entrance is marked by a nebulous-shaped canopy unlike anything being designed at that time by the older generation of modernist architects. The building is widely regarded as one of his most important early designs — designed at the same time as the Vyborg Library. Aalto and his wife Aino designed all of the sanatorium's furniture and interiors. Some of the furniture, most notably the Paimio chair, is still in production by Artek.
Architecture.
Aalto's starting point for the design of the sanatorium was to make the building itself a contributor to the healing process. He liked to call the building a "medical instrument". For instance, particular attention was paid to the design of the patient bedrooms: these generally held two patients, each with his or her own cupboard and washbasin. Aalto designed special non-splash basins, so that the patient would not disturb the other while washing. The patients spent many hours lying down, and thus Aalto placed the lamps in the room out of the patients line of vision and painted the ceiling a relaxing dark green so as to avoid glare. Each patient had their own specially designed cupboard, fixed to the wall and off the floor so as to aid in cleaning beneath it.
In the early years the only known "cure" for tuberculosis was complete rest in an environment with clean air and sunshine. Thus on each floor of the building, at the end of the patient bedroom wing, were sunning balconies, where weak patients could be pulled out in their beds. Healthier patients could go and lie on the sun deck on the very top floor of the building. As the patients spent a long time—typically several years—in the sanatorium, there was a distinct community atmosphere among both staff and patients; something which Aalto had taken into account in his designs, with various communal facilities, a chapel, as well as staff housing, and even specially laid out promenade routes through the surrounding forest landscape. In the 1950s the disease could be partly dealt with by surgery and thus a surgery wing, also designed by Aalto, was added. Soon after, antibiotics saw the virtual end of the disease, and the number of patients was reduced dramatically and the building was converted into a general hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="5851067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851067" title="Entertainment Software Association v. Foti">
Entertainment Software Association v. Foti

Entertainment Software Association v. Foti is a lawsuit filed on June 16, 2006 claiming that a Louisiana law should be declared unconstitutional. The recently passed Louisiana law was a way for the state to censor video games by making it illegal to supply minors with video games considered violent, similar to laws making pornographic material unavailable to minors, but using violence as the criteria instead of sexual content. The lawsuit claims that the law infringed on the video game industry's constitutional right to freedom of expression.
The suit was successful in getting the law overturned in late 2006, and the plaintiffs were awarded attorney's fees in early 2007.
The lawsuit and complaint.
The plaintiffs in the case, the Entertainment Software Association (ESA) and the Entertainment Merchants Association (EMA), claimed that Louisiana criminal law RS 14:91.14 is unconstitutional on First and Fourteenth Amendment grounds. The defendants were Attorney General of Louisiana, Charles C. Foti, Jr., and Doug Moreau, US District Attorney of the Parish of East Baton Rouge. Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco had signed HB1381 just the day before as Act 441 of the 2006 Louisiana Regular Session. The law made it illegal for someone in Louisiana to sell, lease or rent a violent video game (as defined in the Act) to someone under 18 years of age.
The suit pointed out that in other states, similar laws had already been declared unconstitutional, and thus impossible to enforce. Furthermore, according to the suit, the law would have chilling results with video games being less likely to be accessible by adults (as well as by minors, as was the initial intent of the law).
Results and outcomes from the suit.
Louisiana Middle District Judge James J. Brady issued a preliminary injunction on August 24, 2006.
On July 17, 2006, Florida attorney and activist, Jack Thompson, who helped Louisiana Representative Roy Burrell author HB1381, filed an amicus curiae brief which Judge Brady denied on July 19, 2006.
The law was permanently enjoined on November 29, 2006, and the court entered final judgment on December 5, 2006.
In his April 10, 2007 ruling, Judge Brady stated that he was dumbfounded that the law even passed and was signed into law, given that similar laws were struck down in other states and those same states were forced to pay the legal fees of the plaintiffs. Judge Brady ordered the state to pay $92,000 in legal fees to the plaintiffs, ESA and EMA.
Representative Roy Burrell stated that he may pursue such legislation again in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="5851068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851068" title="Rede Nacional de Expressos">
Rede Nacional de Expressos

Rede Nacional de Expressos (National Express Network) is a national express coach network in Portugal. The network, based in Lisbon, was founded in 1995. The network is composed of several bus opertaing companies: Transdev Portugal, SA; Rodoviária do Tejo SA; Barraqueiro Transportes, SA (including Rodoviária do Alentejo, SA; Eva Transportes, SA) among others; Rodoviária da Beira Interior, SA among others. The network is inspired on the intercity express services created in the late 70's by Rodoviária Nacional.
Rede Nacional de Expressos doesn't own coaches, as all the fleet belongs to the company's shareholders, despite most of buses associated to Rede Expressos use the Rede Expressos brand livery.
Rede Nacional de Expressos was created in 1995, with the primary mission of ensuring passenger transport and package delivery between major cities and regions of Portugal. Nowadays, based on a dense network spread over 42,000 km, Rede Nacional de Expressos connects several hundred destinations, several times per day.
Rede Nacional Expressos buses are equipped with free wifi.

</doc>
<doc id="5851090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851090" title="Miss Illinois">
Miss Illinois

The Miss Illinois competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Illinois in the Miss America pageant. It started in 1927, several years after the initial Miss America pageant. The first "Miss Illinois" sent to the national pageant, Lois Delander, won the Miss America title. Including Delander, five Miss Illinois representatives have won Miss America.

</doc>
<doc id="5851105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851105" title="Lijnbaan">
Lijnbaan

The Lijnbaan is the main shopping street of Rotterdam. It was opened in 1953, as the main pedestrian street in the new shopping district, after the old shopping district was completely destroyed during the bombing of Rotterdam by the German Luftwaffe. It was designed by the firm Van den Broek & Bakema led by architects Jo van den Broek and Jacob B. Bakema.
It's a complete car-free zone and has been a testcase for numerous car-free shopping streets around the world.
There are plans to redevelop the street as part of bigger redevelopments of the shopping district. The Beurstraverse (by de Architekten Cie) is an example of these redevelopments.

</doc>
<doc id="5851118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851118" title="Kitchen Equipped">
Kitchen Equipped

Kitchen Equipped is a show which can be seen on Food Network Canada and HGTV.
The show, which shot 3 seasons was co-hosted by Canadian pastry and celeb chef Anna Olson (2nd and 3rd seasons), carpenter Jay Purvis, and interior designer Stacy McLennan (1st season). Both Olson and Purvis explore building and renovating a kitchen. Plus they explore gadgets, kitchen accessories, products, appliances, and a lot more. Stacey McLennan was the first winner of Designer Superstar Challenge.
Stacy McLennan was replaced after the 1st season with Chef Anna Olson.
Over the course of the first season, Purvis and McLennan showed the viewers how to design a kitchen. Each episode would show a little more of the kitchen being done. The 2nd and 3rd seasons spent less time on the process and more on the finishes of the kitchen without showing the actual construction, just the various steps.
Current show status.
"Kitchen Equipped" has aired its third season daily at 2 on HGTV. It also airs on Food Network and Fine Living.
Kitchen styles.
The show has many kitchen styles which are:
Broadcasters.
Past

</doc>
<doc id="5851123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851123" title="Robert Meadmore">
Robert Meadmore

Robert Meadmore is a British singer and actor.
Theatre.
The son of an opera singer who was later a stage director for the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, Meadmore has starred as leading man in many popular productions in London's West End including "Phantom of The Opera", "Brigadoon", "My Fair Lady", "Bless the Bride", "The Gondoliers", "Oklahoma!", "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas", "Metropolitan Mikado", two separate productions of "Camelot" and most recently "Dear World".
In London he has also appeared in "Starting Here, Starting Now", "Side by Side by Sondheim", "It Takes Two", "Robert Meadmore in Concert", "Moving On" and "Dorothy Fields Forever". In Chichester his appearances include "Cavell", "Patriot for Me" (also in the United States), "Goodbye, Mr. Chips", "Valmouth" and "Pickwick" (London and National Tour). In repertory theatre, he appeared in "Oleanna", "Educating Rita", "Under Their Hats" and "Wife Begins at Forty".
Concerts.
In 2001 Meadmore participated in the Royal Variety Performance singing "All I Ask of You" with Charlotte Church, as a tribute to Andrew Lloyd Webber. He also sang at the 2002 Queens Golden Jubilee celebrations in the Mall, London, leading a crowd of over fifty thousand, including the Royal Family, in singing "You'll Never Walk Alone". In 2010 Meadmore performed the first concert on the maiden voyage of Cunard's newly launched MS Queen Elizabeth and has performed cabaret in London at the Green Room, the Pheasantry and Crazy Coqs.
Film and television.
Meadmore's film and television work includes "Shadow Play", "Eine Kleine Grossmusik", "Tonight at 8.30", "Saturday Night Out", "Rita Rudner Show", "Julia and Company", "Live from Lincoln Center", "A Tribute to Alan Jay Lerner", "Treacherous Crossing" (Movie of the week USA), "Women of Windsor" (CBS) and two Royal Variety Performances.
Radio and recordings.
Meadmore is a regular radio broadcaster for BBC Radio 4, including "Oenanthe and the Beanstalk" and "Friday Night is Music Night", and he has sung in recorded versions of musicals for BBC Radio 2, including "Mack and Mabel", "Mame", "My Fair Lady", "La Cage aux Folles", "Hello Dolly!" and "Camelot". Along with many cast recordings, his recordings include "The Songs of Maltby and Shire", "Moving On" "Musicals with a Message" "Get Happy" "Be My Love" and "That’s What Friends are For" with Peter Land, directed by Gillian Lynne and performed in both New York and London.
In 2005, Meadmore recorded his first classical album "After a Dream", under the direction of Mike Batt. The album reached number 2 in the UK Classical Charts and was nominated for an "Album of The Year" Classical Brit Award.

</doc>
<doc id="5851124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851124" title="Top Deck">
Top Deck

Top Deck may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5851127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851127" title="UFC 50">
UFC 50

"UFC 50: The War of '04" was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on October 22, 2004, at the Trump Plaza in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States, and later released on DVD.
History.
Headlining the card were Tito Ortiz and Patrick Côté. Côté was a late replacement for Lion's Den fighter Guy Mezger, who pulled out of the event after being taken to the hospital due to stroke-like symptoms. Patrick Côté was moved from the undercard to the main event.
The event included another episode of "On The Mat", teaching the Kimura. This event was also featured on the first season of The Ultimate Fighter.

</doc>
<doc id="5851133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851133" title="Perl Cookbook">
Perl Cookbook

The Perl Cookbook, ISBN 0-596-00313-7, is a book containing solutions to common short tasks in Perl. Each chapter covers a particular topic area ("Strings", "Ties, Objects, and Classes", "CGI") and is divided into around a dozen "recipes" each on a particular problem ("Reversing A String By Word Or Character", "Accessing Overridden Methods", "Managing Cookies"). Each recipe has four parts: "Problem", "Solution", "Discussion", and "See Also".
The Perl Cookbook is written by Tom Christiansen and Nathan Torkington, and published by O'Reilly. The Perl Cookbook inspired the PLEAC (Programming Language Examples Alike Cookbook) website, which translated the code snippets in the Perl Cookbook into other languages: Python, Ruby, Guile, Tcl, Java, and beyond. O'Reilly went on to publish other Cookbooks inspired by the Perl Cookbook's format, including Java Cookbook, Python Cookbook, CSS Cookbook, and PHP Cookbook.
Some related books are "Learning Perl" and "Advanced Perl Programming".
Reception.
The "Perl Cookbook" has been referred to as "the definitive Perl book", "the ultimate Perl Grabbag", and "an essential book for the advanced development of Perl skills".

</doc>
<doc id="5851137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851137" title="Rodoviária Nacional">
Rodoviária Nacional

Rodoviária Nacional was the state-owned bus network in Portugal, resulting from the nationalization, in 1975, of the largest bus operators in the country, basically the criteria used for nationalization was the fleet size : more than 60 vehicles.
Operations.
The services were organized in 9 "Centros de Exploração de Passageiros" (CEP), or Passenger Managing Centres, according to the different regions.
<br>
In 1979 CEP 10 was created for managing connections between Lisbon and most of the cities of the country (similar to the nowadays' "Rede de Expressos", despite the term "Expresso" only have to be appeared in 1983, on the Rodoviária Nacional services), as well as the Torres Vedras and Vila Franca de Xira corridors, the last two belonged to CEP 6. In 1984, the CEP 5 became the DGRL ("Direcção Regional da Grande Lisboa", or Regional Management of Greater Lisbon) split in 4 "Centros Operacionais de Passageiros" (COP), Passenger Operational Centres.
A cargo section was also created, operating under different names, such as RNTrans.
Ultrena.
This division was created to manage other activities from nationalized companies, such as the floriculture business of Arboricultora (from Caneças), as well as to manage the workshops.
Numbering.
The coach fleet was numbered with four digits, corresponding the first to the CEP which the vehicle was affected (if the vehicle belonged to CEP 8, its fleet number would be 8xxx). For CEP 10 fleet, the first digit was a 0 (0xxx), the DGRL was three digit, preceded by the letter L (Lisboa) or CS (Cascais and Sintra) (L-xxx, CS-xxx), with the numbering strictly distributed by chassis manufacturer.
The RNIP.
In order to privatize the operator in 1991 RN became RNIP ("Rodoviária Nacional Investimentos e Participações" : RN Investments and Participations), the CEP's were renamed as:
CEP1 - Rodoviária de Entre Douro e Minho (REDM) - managing Northwest of Portugal, from Braga.
CEP2 - Rodoviária da Beira Litoral (RBL) - managing the coast side of central Portugal, from Coimbra.
CEP3 - Rodoviária da Beira Interior (RBI) - managing the inland central Portugal, from Castelo Branco.
CEP4 - Rodoviária do Tejo - managing the regions of middle Tagus (Santarém, Torres Novas, Abrantes, Tomar), Fátima, Leiria and West Region (Caldas da Rainha, Peniche, Alcobaça) from Torres novas.
DGRL (former CEP 5) - Rodoviária de Lisboa (RL) - managing the Lisbon Greater Metropolitan area, the north bank of Tagus (Loures, Alverca, Odivelas, Amadora, Oeiras, Sintra and Cascais) from Lisbon (Av. do Brasil).
CEP7 - Rodoviária Sul do Tejo (RST) - managing the south bank of Tagus of Lisbon area (Almada, Seixal) from Laranjeiro.
CEP8 - Rodviária do Alentejo - managing the whole Alentejo and most of Ribatejo, from Azeitão.
CEP9 - Rodoviária do Algarve - managing the Algarve region, from Faro.
CEP10 (former CEP 6) - Rodoviária da Estremadura, managing Vila Franca and Torres Vedras corridors and express services, from Lisboa (Av. Casal Ribeiro).
Privatization.
In 1992, the privatization process started, with Rodoviária do Algarve being acquired by Barraqueiro Transportes, REDM by Resende, Caima and Barraqueiro, as well as the cargo sections (that became known as Rodocargo and Transporta).
In 1993, RBL by Barraqueiro, Rodoviária do Tejo by REDM, Joalto and AVIC, RBI by Joalto and Rodoviária do Alentejo by Barraqueiro and Belo family (that recovered their nationalized company).
In 1994, it's the turn of Rodoviária da Estremadura owned by Barraqueiro.
Finally in 1995 Rodoviária Sul do Tejo and RL are privatized, the last one is split in 3 companies: Vimeca (bought by Brazilian capitals) that explore the Amadora and Queluz corridors; Stagecoach takes the Cascais and Sintra area; RL itself (Barraqueiro Tranpostes) manage the Odivelas, Loures, Santa Iria da Azoia corridors. RN and RNIP went into history.
Post Privatization.
Rodoviária do Algarve was immediately renamed as EVA, remembering the nationalizad Empresa de Viação Algarvia, belongs to Barraqueiro group.
Rodoviária Sul do Tejo became, in late 90's, TST - Transportes Sul do Tejo. Since 2003 is owned by Arriva group, which entered in the Portuguese market in 2000 owning some medium sized operators in the northwest of Portugal.
Rodoviária do Alentejo became Belos Alentejana, Belos Ribatejana and Belos Setubalense, after Belo family left the consorcy with Barraqueiro (in the early 2000s) Belos Alentajana became again Rodoviária do Alentejo (branded on its fleet simply as Rodoviária), Belos Ribatejana became simply Ribatejana and Setubalense operations are now part of TST.
Rodoviária da Estremadura, or simply Estremadura, is now a brand for excursion or hiring services from Barraqueiro group (along with the brand Barraqueiro itself), with some coaches affected to Rede de Expressos. The corridors were renamed as Boa Viagem (Vila Franca de Xira, Alenquer, Sobral de Monte Agraço, Arruda dos Vinhos), EVM - Mafrense (Mafra and Ericeira), Barraqueiro Oeste (Torres Vedras, Lourinhã, Cadaval) and Barraqueiro, for Frielas operations.
REDM and RBL operations were taken by Transdev, known respectively as Transdev Norte and Transdev Centro.
RBI brand still exists and is owned by Joalto Group.
Stagecoach sold its operations in early 2000s and a new operator was born, ScottUrb.

</doc>
<doc id="5851150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851150" title="Dubrovsky (novel)">
Dubrovsky (novel)

Dubrovsky () is an unfinished novel by Alexander Pushkin, written in 1832 and published after Pushkin’s death in 1841. The name "Dubrovsky" was given by the editor.
Plot summary.
Vladimir Dubrovsky is a young nobleman whose land is confiscated by a greedy and powerful aristocrat, Kirila Petrovitch Troekurov. Determined to get justice one way or another, Dubrovsky gathers a band of serfs and goes on the rampage, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor. Along the way, Dubrovsky falls in love with Masha, Troekurov’s daughter, and lets his guard down, with tragic results.
Editions and translations.
Hesperus Press, October 2003, Paperback, English ISBN 1-84391-053-5

</doc>
<doc id="5851164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851164" title="Ken Laszlo">
Ken Laszlo

Ken Laszlo (born as Gianni Coraini, 1954) is an Italo disco singer who became famous in the 1980s.
Laszlo was interested in music at a young age and his career began in 1980 when he played and sang in discos and clubs. His first hit in Europe was the single "Hey Hey Guy" in 1984. His songs "Tonight" and "Don't Cry" are also well-known.
Many of Laszlo's songs appear under his own name and many others, under pseudonyms such as Ric Fellini, DJ NRG, and Ricky Maltese.

</doc>
<doc id="5851166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851166" title="Rocca Grimalda">
Rocca Grimalda

Rocca Grimalda ("Ra Roca" in dialect) is a village and "comune" in the Province of Alessandria, Piedmont, Italy. It lies in Alto Monferrato, an historical region of Piedmont, and it was built upon a rocky hill on the Orba's left bank. It is very close to Ovada and very easy to reach through the highway and Cristoforo Colombo Airport in Genoa.
History.
The old populations who lived here before the Romans, the so-called Ligures, left a number of traces in many places of Orba valley but especially in Rocca Grimalda: the river has always had gold in its sand and during the Roman times, a town was built in the plain under the hill in order to exploit this resource: old documents report about this centre, called Rondinaria, which was a wealthy little town in the middle of thick forests and had likely some sort of defence structure, probably on Rocca Grimalda's hill, which still dominates the whole plain around and the valley’s entrance.
Right in the plain an old necropolis was found in the 1980s but on the other side of the village’s land another high rocky hill was found to have been shaped as some sort of castle with a deep ditch and high palisades, probably from the Longobard time: the same place, called “Trionzo”, was linked with old legends of witches, dances and evil spirits.
The village’s existence was first stated in some documents of 900 and since then Rocca Grimalda changed a number of landlords while conquerors came from the see and from the plains: the powerful Republic of Genoa, the free town of Alessandria, the dukedoms of Monferrato and Milan fought for centuries in order to have the control of this strategic stronghold.
But Rocca Grimalda’s real rulers were the bandit families from the beginning of 1700 until 1800: they used the thick forests around the village to hide and rob the passers by. Rocca Grimalda got famous for its guns and long knives while no landlord managed to control them, also because they had strong support from people, traditionally against the official rulers coming from other places. During the 18th century everything changed, the forest was replaced by vineyards, only some little pieces survived as parks of noble mansions.
In 1736 Rocca Grimalda became part of the Kingdom of Sardinia and it shared the history of Piedmont under the Savoia’s crown.
During the II World War many young men from the village died in war, many others run to the mountains and fought against the Fascists and the Germans occupying the country: they had to face hard defeates and massacres but they finally managed to set the region free before the arrival of the American and English Armies.
After the War many inhabitants moved to big cities like Genoa, Milan, Turin and many others in other countries and continents, looking for the wealthy that country life couldn’t give them: they abandoned their own vineyards, their little old houses in the centre of the village but not the links with their own past and relatives. A lot of them use to come back together with the new generations during summer, when the village is animated again.
From the 1990s the village is living a new renaissance, both I economy and in society, basing its own wealthy on great wines, as “Dolcetto di Ovada” and “Barbera del Monferrato”, tasty food and historical places, which attract tourists from all over the world.
Tourist information.
Rocca Grimalda has fortunately kept its medieval dimension and structure, following the shape of the rocky hill upon which it was built. The names of some parts of the village remind of its old defence role: "Bastioni" (the bastions) "Torricella" (little tower), "Castelvero" (old castle), "Porta" (the gate) and others. The village has still only one gate, right under the Castle.
The Castle was built up in the 13th century as a military place but it was turned into a noble palace five centuries later: it has a medieval part but the visitor can feel the atmosphere of Renaissance and of 1800 in other rooms of the building. There is a high circular tower which was used as prisons for long times and its walls have still drawings and signatures by unlucky guests who lived and maybe died there during the 17th and 18th centuries..
The Parish Church, San Giacomo Maggiore, a building of Romanic origin in the centre of the village, is decorated with paintings about St. John Bapt's life. This saint was then replaced by St. James in the villagers' devotion: St. James was a very popular saint in the area because a pilgrimage road to Santiago de Compostela in Spain passed right through these lands.
Two minor churches of the 1600 and 1700 are dedicated to the Lady and the other to St. James Bapt. and are worth to be visited: they have very nice and old wooden statues which are carried through the little roads of the village once a year as a sign of popular devotion.
The oldest church in Rocca Grimalda is St. Limbania, which was built on the ruins of an old castle, in the lower part of the village: the church is dedicated to Mary’s Assumption but everybody call it St.Limbania. Inside there are nice frescos of the 15th century but other parts of the building were added later on, when the church turned into some sort of sanctuary for the muleteers who used to carry goods from the sea to the plains and back, through the mountains. They used to start their journey from a church dedicated to St. Limbania near the sea, in Genoa-Voltri, and they stopped in Rocca Grimalda's church, in order to be sure of St.Limbania's protection through the dangerous journey through the mountains.
Rocca Grimalda’s inhabitants generally have a haughty nature, which is probably due to the violent history of this community from its very beginning and their geographical isolation gave them quite a close behaviour but allowed them to keep on traditions more than in many other places as well as a distinctive dialect which differs even from the one spoken in its closest country surroundings.
First of all the primordial dance of “Lachera”, which is performed every year during Carnival time, with features of foundation and propitiatory spring rite. Lachera is nowadays regarded as one of the most important and original carnivals in Europe.
Lachera is performed in carnival time in its most complete form, with a wedding train through the countryside and 5 day of dances, songs, wine and great food, until it reaches the village and the rite itself is completely performed. Lachera is often exported in other regions and countries, like Belgium, Austria, France, Germany. For more information you can look at the official website of the association Lachera di Rocca Grimalda
With the same confidence the villagers defend also an old and tasty recipe of theirs, Peirbuieira, which is served every year the last week of August in a festival when people from all Italy use to come and invade the little village in order to taste it.

</doc>
<doc id="5851178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851178" title="List of Old Falconians">
List of Old Falconians

This is a list of some of the more prominent Old Falconians who are the alumni of North Sydney Boys High School. The Old Falconians Union is the alumni body of the school. The name "Old Falconians" is derived from Falcon Street which is the address of the school. All those who attended the School are included, even if they were only on the roll for a short amount of time.

</doc>
<doc id="5851179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851179" title="United States presidential election in Kentucky, 2004">
United States presidential election in Kentucky, 2004

The 2004 United States presidential election in Kentucky took place on November 2, 2004 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 8 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Kentucky was won by incumbent President George W. Bush by a 20.0% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Bush would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Bush widened his margin of victory since his victory here in 2000 against Al Gore, who used to be senator from neighboring Tennessee by 5%. He made his biggest progress in the eastern part of the state, and at the border with Virginia.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 12 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
Polling.
Bush won every single pre-election poll, and won each by a double digit margin of victory and with at least 52% of the vote. The final 3 poll averaged Bush leading 57% to 38%.
Fundraising.
Bush raised $2,398,982. Kerry raised $1,433,748.
Advertising and visits.
Neither campaign advertised or visited this state during the fall campaign.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Bush won 5 of 6 congressional districts.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Kentucky cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Kentucky is allocated 8 electors because it has 6 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 8 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 8 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 8 were pledged to Bush/Cheney:

</doc>
<doc id="5851183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851183" title="Quest Early College High School">
Quest Early College High School

Quest Early College High School is a small secondary school located in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, near the city of Humble and is a part of Humble Independent School District. As an early college high school, students can earn an associate's degree or hours of college credit toward a bachelor's degree through Lone Star College-Kingwood (LSC-Kingwood) along with a high school diploma.
Originally, Quest served the district as an alternative high school that offered students a smaller high school environment as opposed to the district's large high schools. The school also incorporated a non-traditional curriculum. However, in the fall of 2010, Quest was reformatted into an early college high school, with the Class of 2014 being the first students to go through the early college program.
Quest High School was located in the Community Learning Center from its opening in 1995 to 2009. In the 2009–2010 school year, Quest High School moved into the Summer Creek High School building. As part of the agreement between LSC-Kingwood and Humble ISD, Quest will make another move for the 2011–2012 school year to the new Lone Star College Atascocita Center.
Admission.
Previously, any high school student who was a resident of the district and had not received a GED or high school diploma was permitted to attend Quest. However, because Quest has been reformatted into an early college high school, only students entering their freshman year are eligible for admission. A student interested in attending Quest completes an application and, along with his or her parents, meets with an interview team of staff members. Parents and students are asked to sign written contracts agreeing to the school's rules and requirements. Since college credit is administered, students are required to take an admission test. The test covers their comprehension of math and English (reading and writing). The test scores decide whether students are eligible for dual credit. Quest has recently received an international award "2011 Vision in Action: The ASCD Whole Child Award".
Curriculum.
Grading system.
The grading system at Quest differs from the traditional United States grading system. All assignments submitted receive a grade from 0 to 5: A student may resubmit their work, if they get below a "3" on the grading chart, until the assignment becomes a 3 or 4 (It is not possible to obtain a 5 via corrections). This helps to teach one of the main concepts at Quest, called Mastery Learning. Students have to correct their mistakes which helps them learn more from the curriculum. 
In the 2012–2013 school year, QECHS changed its grading policies to the very traditional A–F scale. This change in policy was made so the grades for both high school and college would be parallel to each other and to minimize confusion. 
In the 2013-2014 school year, Quest Early College HS adopted the widely used grading system of numbers.
Integrated classes.
Different traditional subjects such as English, history, math, and science are integrated into many parts of the Quest curriculum.
Some integrations are as follows:
Integrated classes are taught as one class. Each subject is taught hand in hand, used to complement the other. For example, while studying ancient Greece in the history portion of Humanities, students will write a number of papers on various subjects pertaining to Greece that will be submitted to the English teacher for English credit, as well as History credit. They might also do an art project about Greece using the computer to receive art and technology credits within the same Humanities class.
Every student at Quest has a Humanities class corresponding to his or her grade level. All students also have to participate in Wellness to achieve their physical education credit, divided into Strength Activities, Cardio Activities, Social Activities, and Skill Activities. Wellness activities can range from dodgeball, team handball, walking, ping pong to even Dance Dance Revolution and Wii Fit/Wii Sports.
AVID.
In the 2013-14 school year, Quest became an official AVID school. It was decided that incoming Freshmen and Sophomores were required to take a full course of AVID-based curriculum. In this course, students are taught various organization techniques and academic note-taking, strategies, skills, and goal setting. 

</doc>
<doc id="5851184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851184" title="Frank Buck (animal collector)">
Frank Buck (animal collector)

Frank Howard Buck (March 17, 1884 – March 25, 1950) was a hunter and "collector of wild animals," as well as a movie actor, director, writer and producer. He is known for his book Bring 'Em Back Alive and his 1930s and 40s jungle adventure movies including: Wild Cargo, Jungle Cavalcade, "Jacare, Killer of the Amazon," many of which included staged "fights to the death" between formidable beasts.
Early life.
Born in Gainesville, Texas, Buck grew up in Dallas and excelled in geography, at the cost of "utter failure on all the other subjects of that limited Dallas curriculum."
While still a child, Buck began collecting birds and small animals, and tried his hand at farming before getting a job as a cowpuncher. Accompanying a cattlecar to the Chicago stockyards, he refused to take the trip back to Texas, and spent the rest of his days supporting himself on various jobs while seeking adventure. In 1911, he won $3,500 in a poker game and decided to go overseas for the first time, leaving his wife and setting out for Brazil. Bringing back exotic birds to New York, he was surprised by the amount of his profits. Trips to Singapore followed, and he traveled the world for 18 years, until the stock market crash of 1929 left him penniless. However, friends lent him $6,000 and soon he was back to his profitable work.
San Diego Zoo.
Frank Buck went to work as temporary director for the San Diego Zoo on June 13, 1923, signed to a three-year contract by Dr. Harry M. Wegeforth, the zoo's founder. Dr. William T. Hornaday, director of the Bronx Zoo, had recommended Buck for the job. But Buck quickly clashed with the strong-willed Wegeforth and left the zoo after three months to return to animal collecting.
Author.
When war correspondent Floyd Gibbons suggested that he write about his animal collecting adventures, Buck collaborated with Edward Anthony on "Bring 'Em Back Alive," which became a bestseller in 1930, and "Wild Cargo", a best seller in 1932. While these books made him world famous, Buck remarked later that he was prouder of his 1936 elementary school reader, "On Jungle Trails", saying "Wherever I go, children mention this book to me and tell me how much they learned about animals and the jungle from it."
Buck's autobiography, "All In A Lifetime", was published in 1941. Buck wrote "Fang and Claw", "On Jungle Trails", "All In A Lifetime", "Tim Thompson in the Jungle", and "Jungle Animals" in collaboration with a radio dramatist, Ferrin Fraser.
Buck wrote "Animals Are Like That" with journalist Carol Weld.
"Bring 'Em Back Alive" was printed as Classics Illustrated #104. In 2000, Steven Lehrer published a new collection of Frank Buck's stories.
George T. Bye, a New York literary agent, represented Frank Buck in the publication of "Bring 'Em Back Alive" and subsequent books.
Circus star.
In 1938, Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus made Buck a lucrative offer to tour as their star attraction, and to enter the show astride an elephant. He refused to join the American Federation of Actors, stating that he was "a scientist, not an actor." Though there was a threat of a strike if he did not join the union, he maintained that it would compromise his principles, saying "Don't get me wrong. I'm with the working man. I worked like a dog once myself. And my heart is with the fellow who works. But I don't want some --- union delegate telling me when to get on and off an elephant." Eventually, the union gave Buck a special dispensation to introduce Gargantua the gorilla without registering as an actor.
1933 Century of Progress and 1939 World's Fair.
Buck furnished a wild animal exhibit, Frank Buck’s Jungle Camp, for Chicago’s Century of Progress. Over two million people visited Buck’s reproduction of the camp he and his native assistants lived in while collecting animals in Asia. After the fair closed, Buck moved the camp to a compound Buck created at Amityville, Long Island. In 1939, Buck brought his jungle camp to the 1939 New York World’s Fair. “Frank Buck’s Jungleland” displayed rare birds, reptiles and wild animals along with Jiggs, a five-year-old trained orangutan. In addition, Buck provided a trio of performing elephants, an 80-foot “monkey mountain” with 600 monkeys, and an attraction that had been popular at the 1893 Chicago World’s Fair: camel rides.
Movie star.
Buck appeared as himself in "Bring 'Em Back Alive" (1932), "Wild Cargo" (1934), "Fang and Claw" (1935), "Jungle Cavalcade" (1941), "Jacaré" (1942), "Tiger Fangs" (1943), and the 1949 movie "Africa Screams" (also known as "Abbott and Costello in Africa" although Buck's adventures collecting exotic animals took place in Asia). Buck played "Frank Hardy" in the 1937 15-part Columbia movie serial "Jungle Menace". Prior to and during the making of this serial, H.N. Swanson, a Hollywood literary agent, represented Buck. Buck was played by Bruce Boxleitner in the 1982/83 adventure series, "Bring 'Em Back Alive".
Record album.
"Tiger", a 1950 Columbia Records children’s album, was Frank Buck’s last recorded performance. The text combines two stories from "Bring 'Em Back Alive".
Frank Buck Zoo and animal collecting.
The Frank Buck Zoo in Gainesville, Texas (initially populated with retired circus animals) is named in his honor.
The menagerie retrieved by Frank Buck for the world's zoos and circuses is impressive. He estimated that in his years of hunting, he had brought back alive 49 elephants, 60 tigers, 63 leopards, 20 hyenas, 52 orangutans, 100 gibbon apes, 20 tapirs, 120 Asiatic antelope and deer, 9 pigmy water buffalo, a pair of gaurs, 5 Babirusa wild Asian swine, 18 African antelope, 40 wild goats and sheep, 11 camels, 2 giraffes, 40 kangaroos and wallabies, 5 Indian rhinoceroses, 60 bears, 90 pythons, 10 king cobras, 25 giant monitor lizards, 15 crocodiles, more than 500 different species of other mammals, and more than 100,000 wild birds. Sultan Ibrahim of Johor was a close friend of Frank Buck and frequently assisted Buck in his animal collecting endeavors.
Personal life and final years.
In 1901 the 17-year-old Buck, a captain of bellboys at the Virginia Hotel in Chicago, married Amy Leslie, 46-year old drama critic for the "Chicago Daily News". Amy Leslie was living at the hotel when they met. They were divorced in 1913. In 1914, Buck married Nina C. Boardman, a Chicago stenographer, who accompanied him on jungle expeditions. They were divorced in 1927. When she later married a California packing company official, Nina told reporters, "As long as I live, I don't want to see any animals wilder or bigger than a kitten." In 1928 Buck married Muriel Reilly and had a daughter. In 1937 Buck bought his first home, in the Encino area of Los Angeles, 5035 Louise Avenue, next door to the home of Charles Winninger. Buck spent his last years in his family home in San Angelo, Texas, 324 South Bishop Street. Although his life was an adventurous one, and he reported many brushes with danger, Frank Buck died in a hospital bed, in Houston, Texas, from lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="5851195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851195" title="Madeleine Gurdon">
Madeleine Gurdon

Madeleine Astrid Gurdon, Baroness Lloyd-Webber, (born 30 November 1962) is an English former equestrian sportswoman, and the third and current wife of musical theatre impresario Andrew Lloyd Webber.
Early life.
Born in 1962 to a British Army Brigadier, Madeleine "Gurtie" Gurdon was educated at a convent. Gurdon was an equestrian competitor for nearly a decade, riding in three-day events in Princess Anne's set. To supplement her riding career, Gurdon designed an exclusive country wear company, featuring leather-and-suede clothing, called The Done Thing, after her favourite dun horse. Gurdon met Lloyd Webber through his Watership Down neighbours, who loved horses. 
Personal life.
Gurdon married Lloyd Webber at his Hampshire home on 9 February 1991. They have 3 children together Alastair (born 1992), William (born 1993) and Isabella (born 1996). The family currently reside in London and Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="5851218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851218" title="Truby King">
Truby King

Sir Frederic Truby King (1 April 1858 – 10 February 1938), generally known as Truby King, was a New Zealand health reformer and Director of Child Welfare. He is best known as the founder of the Plunket Society.
Early life.
King was born at New Plymouth on 1 April 1858, the son of Thomas and Mary King. He was privately educated by Henry Richmond and proved to be a keen scholar. After working for a short time as a bank clerk he travelled to Edinburgh and Paris to study medicine. In 1886 he graduated with honours with a M.B., C.M, and later completed a BSc in Public Health (Edinburgh). Although his interest was in surgery it was the demonstrations of Charcot on hysteria and neurological disorders that influenced his choice of career. While training in Scotland he married Isabella Cockburn Miller.
Medical appointments.
In 1887 Dr Truby King was appointed resident surgeon at both the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary and Glasgow Royal Infirmary before becoming Medical Superintendent of the Wellington General Hospital. By 1889 he was in Dunedin as Medical Superintendent at the Seacliff Lunatic Asylum and as a lecturer in mental diseases at the University of Otago.
At Seacliff he introduced better diets for patients, more discipline for staff and improvements to the hospital farm. The 'villa' style of treatment, with smaller and more open wards, was also one of his innovations. These reforms and King's own intransigence to those who opposed them led to a Commission of Inquiry, which completely vindicated his methods.
Developing interest in infant care and nutrition.
Over the next eight years Dr Truby King had interests in psychology, medicine, agriculture, horticulture, child care and alcoholism. He began to realise that principals of nutrition applied across many disciplines. He spent a winter in Japan during the Russo-Japanese War and returned with his dream clarified, having noticed how healthy infants were due to 12 to 18 months of breastfeeding. On his return he began to use his access as a Justice of the Peace to licensed baby-boarding homes where typical conditions moved him to establish such a boarding facility himself at his Karitane residence.
The Plunket Society.
It is the establishment of the Plunket Society on 14 May 1907 for which Truby King is best known. Set up to apply scientific principles to nutrition of babies, and strongly rooted in eugenics and patriotism, its 1917 "Save the Babies" Week had the slogan "The Race marches forward on the feet of Little Children".,
Truby King's methods to teach mothers domestic hygiene and childcare were strongly promoted through his first book on mothercare, "Feeding and Care of Baby", and via a network of specially trained Karitane Nurses and a widely syndicated newspaper column, "Our babies", written by King's wife Isabella. Apart from nutrition, Truby King's methods specifically emphasised regularity of feeding, sleeping and bowel movements, within a generally strict regimen supposed to build character by avoiding cuddling and other attention.
His methods were controversial. In 1914 the physician Agnes Elizabeth Lloyd Bennett publicly opposed his stance that higher education for women was detrimental to their maternal functions and hence to the human race. He also excited controversy during his efforts to export his methods to Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom, with particular debate associated with his views on infant feeding formulas. He believed in "humanized" milk with the protein reduced to 1.4% to match breast milk, against the general paediatric consensus at the time in favour of high protein feeds.
The work of the Plunket Society was credited with lowering infant mortality in New Zealand from 88 per thousand in 1907 to 32 per thousand over the next thirty years, though it has since been argued that this was due less to its specific methods than to its general raising of awareness of childcare.
Public service.
Truby King was appointed to represent New Zealand in 1913 at the Child Welfare Conference in London and was invited to assist in the establishment of a child public health service in Britain. Following the First World War he was one of the British representatives at the Inter-allied Red Cross Conference and travelled through Europe for the War Victims Relief Committee.
Back in New Zealand, by 1921, King became Director of Child Welfare in the Department of Health and by 1925 also Inspector-General of Mental Hospitals. Until his retirement in 1927 he continued to develop and organise mental hospital services in New Zealand. His work was recognised by the award of a CMG in 1917 and a knighthood in 1925. In 1935, he was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.
Later years.
Sir Frederic Truby King died in Wellington on 10 February 1938. He was the first private citizen in New Zealand to be given a state funeral.
Twenty years later he was the first New Zealander to feature on a New Zealand postage stamp.
His babycare method continued in popularity, finding favour in post-war Britain at least until the 1950s.
It featured, controversially, in the 2007 Channel 4 documentary series, "Bringing Up Baby", which compared it with the 1960s Benjamin Spock and the 1970s Continuum concept.
Legacy.
Two streets exist named after King: Truby King Street in the New Plymouth suburb of Merrilands, and Truby King Crescent in the Dunedin suburb of Liberton.

</doc>
<doc id="5851219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851219" title="2002–03 Scottish Premier League">
2002–03 Scottish Premier League

The 2002–03 Scottish Premier League was won by Rangers by a goal difference of 1.
On the final day of the season, Rangers defeated Dunfermline 6-1, while Celtic could only win 4-0 away at Kilmarnock.
As league champions, Rangers qualified for the UEFA Champions League, with runners-up Celtic also qualifying. Third-placed Hearts qualified for the UEFA Cup, as did Dundee, who took the Scottish Cup place despite losing the final against Rangers, who were also League Cup winners.
Motherwell were spared relegation, as Scottish First Division winners Falkirk's presentation of a groundshare proposal at Airdrie United's Excelsior Stadium was voted down at a meeting of all the SPL's member clubs.
Henrik Larsson was the top scorer with 28 goals for Celtic.
Promotion and relegation from 2001–02.
Promoted from First Division to Premier League
Relegated from Premier League to First Division
Table.
Source: SPL official website
Attendances.
The average attendances for SPL clubs during the 2002/03 season are shown below:

</doc>
<doc id="5851223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851223" title="We Could Connect or We Could Not">
We Could Connect or We Could Not

We Could Connect or We Could Not is the debut album from electro glitch band Lismore. This album was recorded in 2003 at Flight in Jersey City, NJ and had its American release in 2004 and its United Kingdom and Canadian releases in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5851226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851226" title="Peter Allen (US broadcaster)">
Peter Allen (US broadcaster)

Peter Allen (born September 17, 1920), is an American broadcaster and radio announcer based in New York City. He is especially noted for his 29 years as announcer for the Saturday afternoon radio broadcasts of the Metropolitan Opera.
Biography.
Peter Allen was born in Toronto, Canada. His name at birth was Harold Levey. He later moved with his parents to Cleveland, Ohio. Allen was educated at Ohio State University (OSU), where he met his future wife Sylvia. Sylvia Allen was an artist and the sister of the Broadway actor Paul Lipson. Peter began his radio career at the OSU station, WOSU, and also worked for a commercial station in Columbus. The couple then moved to New York City where Allen began his long tenure as announcer at WQXR radio in 1947. His connection with the Metropolitan Opera began in 1973 when he served as the backup for Milton Cross who had been announcing the Met's Saturday afternoon broadcasts since their inception in 1931. In 1975, after Cross's sudden death, Allen took over as announcer for the Met and continued in the job until 2004. The smooth, intelligent delivery and warmth of Allen's on-air persona endeared him to millions of opera listeners during his long tenure at the Met. Allen retired in May 2004 after 29 seasons and was succeeded by Margaret Juntwait.
Allen was noted for his ability to improvise live on air as the occasion required; most famously, he extemporized for close to an hour during a January 23, 1988 broadcast of Giuseppe Verdi's "Macbeth" to cover the long intermission caused by the suicide of Bantcho Bantchevsky in the audience.
In addition to his live radio career, Allen recorded a popular series of spoken analyses and introductions to the four operas of Wagner's "Der Ring des Nibelungen" and other operas. Several popular books about opera published for the Metropolitan were also edited and introduced by Peter Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="5851231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851231" title="United States presidential election in Rhode Island, 2004">
United States presidential election in Rhode Island, 2004

The 2004 United States presidential election in Rhode Island took place on November 2, 2004 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2004 United States presidential election. Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Rhode Island was won by Democratic nominee John Kerry by a 20.8% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 12 news organizations considered this a state Kerry would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Even though President George W. Bush fared better than in 2000, he was overwhelmingly defeated in a traditional Democratic stronghold, winning only 39% of the vote to 59% for Kerry. 
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 12 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day.
Polling.
Kerry won every single pre-election poll, each with a double digit margin and with at least 49% of the vote. The final 3 poll average showed Kerry leading 55% to 38%.
Fundraising.
Bush raised $282,237. Kerry raised $977,390.
Advertising and visits.
Neither campaign advertised or visited here in the fall campaign.
Analysis.
Federally, Rhode Island is one of the most reliably Democratic states during presidential elections, regularly giving the Democratic nominees one of their best showings. In 1980, Rhode Island was one of only six states to vote against Ronald Reagan. Reagan did carry Rhode Island in his 49-state victory in 1984, but the state was the second weakest of the states Reagan won. Rhode Island was the Democrats' leading state in 1988 and 2000, and second-best in 1996 and 2004. 
Historically, the state was devoted to Republicans until 1908, but has only strayed from the Democrats seven times in the 24 elections that have followed. In 2004, Rhode Island gave John Kerry more than a 20-percentage-point margin of victory (the third-highest of any state), with 59.4% of its vote. All but three of Rhode Island's 39 cities and towns voted for the Democratic candidate. The only exceptions were East Greenwich, West Greenwich and Scituate.
Having some of the highest taxes in the nation, Rhode Island is considered to be a liberal bastion. In addition, Rhode Island has abolished capital punishment, making it one of 15 states that have done so. Rhode Island abolished the death penalty very early, just after Michigan (the first state to abolish it), and carried out its last execution in the 1840s. Rhode Island is one of two states in which prostitution is legal, provided it takes place indoors, though there have been recent efforts to change this. 
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Kerry won both congressional districts.
Electors.
Technically the voters of RI cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. RI is allocated 4 electors because it has 2 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 4 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 4 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 13, 2004 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 4 were pledged for Kerry/Edwards.

</doc>
<doc id="5851239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851239" title="Musique">
Musique

Musique is the French word for music. 
Musique may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5851247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851247" title="Lands Administration Building">
Lands Administration Building

The Lands Administration Building (formerly the Executive Building) is a former government office building in central Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. The building is currently occupied by the Treasury Hotel, part of the Treasury Casino.
History.
The Executive Building was designed under the supervision of chief government architect Thomas Pye, with plans prepared between 1898 and 1899. Preparation of the site commenced in 1899 at a cost of £2,900, with construction of the building itself beginning in 1901 and completed in 1905, under a £141,000 construction contract let to Arthur Midson. The building was originally occupied by the offices of the Lands and Survey Departments, the Premier of Queensland, and the Executive Council, as well as the Queensland National Art Gallery.
In 1930 the Queensland National Art Gallery was removed from the Executive Building in order to relocate to the Exhibition Building Concert Hall the following year.
In 1971 offices of the Executive Council and Cabinet were moved to the newly constructed Parliamentary Annexe at 100 George Street. Since then the Executive Building has been known as the Lands Administration Building. 
Design.
The principal elevation of the building is towards Queens Gardens and the elevations to George and William Streets have banded rustication on the lower two storeys. This two-storeyed base supports a colonnade of giant ionic order columns. 
The building features stained glass in the entrance vestibules and elsewhere in the interior which complements the use of sculpture externally. Of particular importance is a marble tablet set into the wall of the George Street entrance inscribed with the message sent by King George V to the people of Australia on 25 April 1916, establishing the Anzac Day tradition.
Granite used as the base course and plinth was obtained from Enoggera and Mount Crosby. Brown freestone from Helidon was used to face the outer walls, and freestone from Yangan near Warwick was used on the colonnade walls. The decorative carving to the facades, completed during 1903-04, included in the north-western elevation an allegorical group representing Queensland mining and agriculture, carved by New South Wales sculptor WP MacIntosh to a design by Thomas Pye. The mantelpieces were constructed of a variety of Queensland timbers (maple, cedar, black bean and silky oak) representing the state's timber resources. Allegorical stained glass highlighted the rural nature of the Queensland economy. 

</doc>
<doc id="5851266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851266" title="Esher (UK Parliament constituency)">
Esher (UK Parliament constituency)

Esher was a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elected one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. In the general elections during its 47-year lifetime it was won by three Conservatives successively.
History and boundaries.
The seat was created by the Representation of the People Act 1948 and first contested at the 1950 general election. It was amended for the 1983 general election to comprise the wards of the United Kingdom:
From 1997 in Esher's main replacement were 11 of its 15 wards. In Elmbridge which was formed in 1974, Esher had excluded not only Weybridge but also the more populated suburban town of Walton on Thames and Hersham compared to the town of Esher so a new name and territory was agreed upon after consultation. In the above list the last four wards were in another local district, that of Guildford and have been placed within Mole Valley seat since 1997.
Neighbours.
Neighbours with borders of more than were:
or their variations including:

</doc>
<doc id="5851271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851271" title="Religious goods store">
Religious goods store

A religious goods store or religious supplies shop is a store specializing in supplying materials used in the practice of Chinese folk religion, Taoism and Chinese Buddhism.
These shops are abundant in Chinese areas, from Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, to Malaysia (places where a majority of the inhabitants are Chinese, such as Muar, Batu Pahat, Melaka, Ipoh, Klang and Penang), and several Chinatowns. Similar shops - but specialising in paper toys along with joss paper (神料纸扎用品), can be found at Hàng Mã Street in Hanoi, Vietnam. Such shops also exist in Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="5851272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851272" title="Fancy (singer)">
Fancy (singer)

Fancy (Manfred Alois Perilano) is a German Italo disco singer who was popular in the mid to late 1980s.
Career.
He first recorded in the German schlager style under the name of Tess Teiges before having his first hit as Fancy called "Slice Me Nice" in 1984. He was successful in the dance charts, topping "Billboard"s dance chart three times. He is renowned for his hit singles including "Bolero (Hold Me in Your Arms Again)", "Lady of Ice", "Chinese Eyes" and "Flames of Love". Many of these were collaborations with composer and producer Anthony Monn, who previously had achieved worldwide success with French singer Amanda Lear. One of Fancy's albums includes a cover version of her 1976 hit "Blood and Honey".
Fancy has also recorded many hits for other artists using a variety of other names. Mostly frequently in the name of Tess or Ric Tess he has written music for Grant Miller, Linda Jo Rizzo, Marc Buchner, The Hurricanes, Mozzart, Timerider, amongst many others.
Fancy, who studies astrology and esoterica, once stated in an interview, "I am a moon child". He has also recorded music for the shows of his good friends and fellow artists Siegfried & Roy.
In late 2008, Fancy released "Forever Magic". The lead single was a new version of "A Voice in the Dark", previously found on the album "All My Loving".
In 2013, he participated in the German edition of "Celebrity Big Brother", finishing in 7th place.
Linda Jo Rizzo sings in duet with Fancy on her new song "Stronger together" to be released in March 2014. The video for this song has already been shot.
Discography.
Singles.
"Germany #20"
"Finland #16"
"Finland #13"
"Germany #44"
"Germany #18, Spain #15, Finland #13"
"Austria #13, Germany #14, Spain #13"
"Spain #35, Germany #50"
"Switzerland #11, Germany #24"
"Sweden #17 sales #14 radio, Switzerland #18, Germany #13, Finland #26"
"Belgium #17, Sweden #11 sales #4 radio, The Netherlands #18, Spain #6, Portugal #2, Finland #9"
"USA Hot Dance Music #13 club play #48 maxi-singles sales"
"Switzerland #19, Germany #31"
"Austria #17, Switzerland #9, Germany #9, USA Hot Dance/Club Play #2, France #82, Sweden #3 radio, Finland #23, USA Hot Dance Music #2 club play #7 maxi-singles sales"
"Austria #2, Sweden #7 sales #2 radio, Switzerland #9, Germany #11"

</doc>
<doc id="5851281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851281" title="Chris Bliss">
Chris Bliss

Chris Bliss is an American stand up comedian and juggler, perhaps best known for a viral video of him juggling to Beatles songs.
Early career.
Bliss grew up in Washington, D.C.. He went on to major in comparative literature at Northwestern University and the University of Oregon before dropping out to pursue a career in juggling. He decided not to pursue the conventional route of circus style juggling. Instead he chose to blend popular music with tightly choreographed fast paced moves. While numbers jugglers seek to juggle more and more objects, Bliss chose to juggle only three balls. It is this combination of a simple juggling style and his choice of popular music that made Bliss a big hit, culminating in him being chosen as the sole opening act for The Jacksons on their 1984 Victory Tour.
Following on from this success, Bliss expanded his brief juggling act to include stand-up comedy. His act now comprises both stand-up elements and juggling.
Viral video.
In 2006 Bliss enjoyed widespread fame when an online video of his juggling finale became a viral internet sensation. The five minute video shows his energetic finale where he juggles 3 balls to Golden Slumbers/Carry That Weight/The End by The Beatles. The video was widely circulated via email and blogs with an estimated 20 million viewings within the first 40 days alone. Total views to date are estimate to be over 80 million.
The video caused quite a stir in the juggling world, with Bliss appearing as a guest on Penn Jillette's radio show, Penn was himself a juggler and is associated with the World Juggling Federation. Many jugglers were surprised and confused by the success that Bliss had found with such a simple juggling routine. In response to this, Jason Garfield, a highly accomplished technical juggler, recorded a parody video of Bliss' finale using much more technical tricks and with five balls rather than three. This video is a more technically demanding performance set to the same music, which attempts to emulate exactly Bliss' performance with two extra balls to contend with. This video also went viral, further boosting the fame of the original.
Following the success of his "Grand Finale" video, the UK musician Fatboy Slim ran an online competition on MySpace asking for fans to submit juggling videos for the single release That Old Pair of Jeans. The competition asked whether you can "Juggle to music like Chris Bliss" and featured a video of Bliss juggling three balls in his unique style to the single. John Augustus "Gus" Tate was announced the competition's winner on Fatboy Slim's MySpace on August 2, 2006.
MyBillofRights.org.
Aside from his performance career, Bliss has also started the nonprofit MyBillofRights.org, granted 501(c) 3 status in 2006. The goal of the project is to create monuments and other public displays of the United States Bill of Rights in civic spaces across America. Their first display was dedicated in Montezuma, Iowa on July 5, 2008. A monument at the Arizona State Capitol in Phoenix has been approved and is in the final stages of design development. The Bill of Rights Plaza design, for the Texas State Capitol in Austin, has also been approved for fundraising. The organization is funded by individual contributions, and has also been supported by the Newman's Own Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="5851322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851322" title="Third Fleet">
Third Fleet

The name Third Fleet can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5851325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851325" title="Darya Khan">
Darya Khan

Darya Khan (), is a town in Bhakkar District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. The town is the headquarters of Darya Khan Tehsil. The town of Darya Khan is itself subdivided into two Union councils. During British rule the railway station at Darya Khan was built as part of the North-Western Railway route. Darya Khan has a boy's secondary school built in 1928 by Englishmen and a college at the middle of the town. It is situated to the left of the great Indus River. The famous school in this town is Oxford public high school.
Languages.
Thalochi and Shapuri dialects of Punjabi is the main languages of people. Urdu are also spoken by majority of people In Darya Khan.
Demography.
Darya Khan is now a Tehsil of District Bhakkar, with population of more than one hundred thousand.

</doc>
<doc id="5851354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851354" title="Infringement Festival">
Infringement Festival

The infringement Festival is an international, interdisciplinary critical arts festival that features theatre, music, film, culture jamming, street performance and visual arts, with an emphasis on activist art and work that challenges the commodification of culture.
Conceptualized by theatre activist Donovan King, the festival was founded in Montreal in 2004 by King and fellow theatre activists Jason C. McLean and Gary St-Laurent as a response to high registration fees and conflict-of-interest sponsorships in the St-Ambroise Montreal Fringe Festival and the trademarking of the word "Fringe" by the Canadian Association of Fringe Festivals.
It has since spread to Ottawa, Toronto, Buffalo, Regina, Brooklyn and Bordeaux. Plans are also underway for possible events in Lockport, NY, Hamilton, Ontario and Barcelona.
The festival's mandate insists on no registration fees for participating artists, no ticket surcharge and only ethical sponsors that pose no conflict of interest.

</doc>
<doc id="5851371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851371" title="District 4-5A (LHSAA)">
District 4-5A (LHSAA)

These high schools comprise District 4 of Class 5A by the Louisiana High School Athletic Association (LHSAA).

</doc>
<doc id="5851391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851391" title="Wattsville">
Wattsville

Wattsville is a small South Wales Valleys village in the Sirhowy valley, 8 miles north west of Newport, the county capital, in south-east Wales, within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire.
Amenities.
It consists of one main street with another hugging the valley below. Wattsville is the base for the Sirhowy valley country park, starting at the tourist centre in Full Moon Cottage, a site for hillwalking and mountain biking on the old railway trackbed.
History.
Further up the valley at Cwmfelinfach is the old site of Nine Mile Point Colliery. This was the site of the first ever 'sit in' of miners. At Wattsville the New Risca Mine, opened 1878 and was 855 feet deep. It was located on the eastern edge of Wattsville and was the first colliery in South Wales to have electric lighting at the pithead and underground in 1892.
The bassist and lyricist of Manic Street Preachers Nicky Wire lived in Wattsville and wrote a song about the village called "Wattsville Blues", where he describes his love of the village. The song appears on the album "Know Your Enemy".
About halfway up the main street, there is a noticeable gap in the terrace. This is where 4 houses used to stand, which were flattened due to underground mine workings. There is now a monument and garden on the site. There is a similar gap next to the play area on Duffryn Terrace.

</doc>
<doc id="5851411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851411" title="Remortgage">
Remortgage

A remortgage (also known as refinancing) is the process of paying off one mortgage with the proceeds from a new mortgage using the same property as security. The term is mainly used commercially in English-speaking countries such as the United Kingdom and the United States, though what it describes is not unique to any one country. Often the purpose of "switching" is to secure a more favorable interest rate from a different lender.
The process of remortgaging does not usually involve moving home or taking out a second mortgage on the property; it is in effect the transfer of a mortgage from one lender to another. Homeowners may choose to remortgage for various reasons, usually to reduce the overall monthly mortgage payment amounts. However, other reasons may include to reduce the size of repayments, to pay off a mortgage earlier, to raise capital, or to consolidate other more expensive short term debts.
Homeowners often mis-use the expression remortgage when they are simply switching from one product to another with the same lender; this is not a remortgage which involves the removal of one legal charge over a property and its substitution with another in favour of a new lender.
The ability to remortgage is very much based on an individual's circumstances and as the costs involved can be very large it is always best to take advice from a suitably qualified individual.

</doc>
<doc id="5851416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851416" title="Cytochrome c reductase">
Cytochrome c reductase

Cytochrome c reductase may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5851421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851421" title="VEH">
VEH

VEH, or Veh, may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="5851441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851441" title="Hippolyt Kempf">
Hippolyt Kempf

Hippolyt Kempf (born December 10, 1965 in Lucerne) is a Swiss Nordic combined skier who competed during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
He won a complete set of Olympic medals, earning two of them at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary (gold: 15 km individual, silver: 3 x 10 km team) and the third at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer (bronze: 3 x 10 km team).
Kempf also earned a 3 x 10 km team silver medal at the 1989 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lahti.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5851446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851446" title="Ocean Dream">
Ocean Dream

Ocean Dream may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5851457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851457" title="Jim Craig (Scottish footballer)">
Jim Craig (Scottish footballer)

James "Jim" Philip Craig (born 7 May 1943 in Glasgow) is a retired footballer who played as a fullback. Most closely associated with Celtic, he was a member of their "Lisbon Lions" side which won the 1967 European Cup.
A conscientious student at Glasgow's St Gerard's School, Craig's first senior side was the Glasgow University representative side, which he played for while studying dentistry at the institution. He joined Celtic in 1963, on amateur terms, so as to allow him to complete his studies and having done so, signed as a full professional in January 1965.
Craig's abilities and style of play matched manager Jock Stein's tactical philosophy and he soon displaced Willie O'Neill and Ian Young as Celtic's regular right back. Stein encouraged his fullbacks to
overlap the side's midfield to provide additional support to the forwards, in the style of the modern "wing-back" role,
and in Craig and left back Tommy Gemmell he found willing protagonists.
During his tenure at Parkhead, Craig collected 14 domestic honours as well as a European Cup medal in 1967. He made 231 appearances for Celtic scoring 6 goals. He won one cap for the Scotland national side.
Craig left Celtic to live in South Africa in May 1972, where he played for Hellenic FC, however after 6 months he returned to Britain. He joined Sheffield Wednesday, with the South Yorkshire side paying Celtic £10,000 compensation, as they had retained his registration. He retired from football in 1973, to concentrate his efforts upon his dentistry career.
In July 1974 he succeeded Shay Brennan as player-manager of Waterford United. However in December, after one substitute appearance, Craig informed the club that he was unable to commit to the role due to a "domestic problem". In 2001 he was made Honorary President of the Belfast Shamrock Celtic Supporters Club, which subsequently changed its name to Jim Craig Celtic Supporters Club in 2011.
Jim Craig is now actively part of the Celtic community, he currently hosts Channel67 an online streaming service which provides video streams and audio streams of every Celtic match. Jim regularly updates the Jim Craig Celtic Supporters Club blog site www.JimCraigCSC.com with topical articles and the odd walk down memory lane.
His son James Craig is a notable rugby player who was capped for the Scotland national rugby union team four times between 1997-2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5851462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851462" title="2001–02 Scottish Premier League">
2001–02 Scottish Premier League

The 2001–02 Scottish Premier League was won by Celtic.
As league champions, Celtic qualified for the UEFA Champions League. Runners-up Rangers and third-placed Livingston (in the Scottish top flight for the first time) qualified for the UEFA Cup, as did fourth-placed Aberdeen, who took the final UEFA Cup place due to Rangers beating Celtic in the Scottish Cup final.
St. Johnstone were relegated, and Scottish First Division winners Partick Thistle were promoted.
Henrik Larsson was the top scorer with 29 goals for Celtic.
Promotion and relegation from 2000–01.
Promoted from First Division to Premier League
Relegated from Premier League to First Division
League table.
Source: SPL official website
Top scorers.
Source: SPL official website
Attendances.
The average attendances for SPL clubs during the 2001–02 season are shown below:
Source: SPL official website

</doc>
<doc id="5851467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851467" title="Server emulator">
Server emulator

A server emulator is the reimplementation of MMORPG game servers, typically as clones of proprietary commercial software by a third party. The term "private server" is also used while it may not be accurate as often the legitimate server is also privately owned. The private server is not always made by the original company, but usually attempts to mimic it in some way.
Technically, a server emulator does not emulate by the traditional definition. Instead it is the alternative implementation of the proprietary gaming server that communicates with the same gaming client through the same, reverse-engineered proprietary protocols. Server emulators exist for many online games.
Disambiguation.
The term "server emulator" also has other uses. For instance, VMware Server is sometimes called a "server emulator" as it emulates hardware for the server to run.
Unlike in cases of phishing, the emulator usually does not try to steal identity of the legitimate server. Original server software that is stolen, like AEGIS, is also not a server emulator. Reimplementations of standardized protocols or server behavior is not considered to be emulation.
Uses.
According to a study based on Ragnarok Online emulated servers, “Players turn to the illegal private server solution to fulfill their expectations for better means of avatar customization, specific technical features, an improved social environment, and enhanced gamemaster availability.” Other reasons why players use server emulators is to avoid the monthly fees or purchasing fees for certain games, as well as to experience an accelerated and/or altered mode of play. Some server emulators are designed on the emphasis that a game has closed, like Toontown Online.
Legality.
Emulating the server of the proprietary commercial game often violates EULA as many commercial MMORPGs require the user to sign a clause not to create or use server emulators. It may also violate DMCA and has all issues, typical for reverse engineering of any kind. The server may try to avoid violations by serving from the country where some intellectual property laws apply differently or not at all.
Another issue is a possible infringement of the game creator's copyright. If the complete emulator is a work of its own, copyright violation is not as obvious as EULA violation (see Lotus v. Borland case). However sometimes the original server software leaks out of the company that created the game, for example AEGIS (Ragnarok Online). Use or distribution of leaked code is widely held to be copyright infringement. There are cases where a game creator has effectively shut down private game servers by threatening lawsuits due to intellectual property violations, such as offering a modified client (see information on NEXON v OdinMS) for download or offering downloads of modified files from the original game package.
In July 2011, Nexon has threatened to take MMORPG development community RaGEZONE to court over users creating and sharing custom emulated servers. Nexon claims to file legal proceedings against all parties involved in the MMORPG development scene. Disney has also fought against server emulators for its MMO Club Penguin, resulting in the closure of iCPv3 in October 2010, which had over 100,000 users when Disney filed a cease and desist notice against the emulator.
In August 2011, a California Central District Court awarded Blizzard Entertainment $83 million in a lawsuit against Scapegaming over copyright-infringement. Scapegaming’s violation involved operation of an unauthorized copyrighted version of World of Warcraft. Scapegaming ran microtransactions encouraging players to donate money to advance in the game resulting in $3,053,339 of inappropriate profits. This is one of the first big cases implemented against server emulation.

</doc>
<doc id="5851473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851473" title="S. Janaki">
S. Janaki

Sishtla Sreeramamurthy Janaki, commonly known as S. Janaki, is an Indian playback singer.
Janaki has sung nearly 20,000 songs, encompassing most of the languages of South India, during a career that has lasted over 50 years. She has won four National Film Awards and 31 different State Film Awards. Her association with singer S. P. Balasubramanyam and composer Ilaiyaraaja is among the most popular musical combinations in South India.
She is known as, "The Nightingale of the South". She is a recipient of a Honorary doctorate from the University of Mysore and the Kalaimamani award from Tamil Nadu State Government.
In 2013, she refused the offer of a Padma Bhushan award by the Government of India, saying that it had come too late and that South Indian artists were not given their due recognition.
Early life.
S. Janaki was born in a Telugu-speaking Brahmin family in Pallapatla, Repalle Town, in Guntur, Andhra Pradesh. Her father, Sishtla Sreeramamurthy, was a teacher and an Ayurveda doctor. She was interested in music from an early age and performed at the age of three. She was taught music by Sree Paidiswamy, a Nadaswaram Vidwan for a year and also learned a few songs from Varanasi Balaramayya. She was inspired from film music and used to render the songs of Lata Mangeshkar, P. Leela, Jikki and P. Susheela on stage before entering films.
Early career.
The first movie recording made by Janaki in Tamil was for the film "Vidhiyin Vilaiyattu" but was not released. Later in that year she duetted with P. B. Sreenivas to sing "Kannukku Nere" for use in "Magadhal Naattu Mary". This was released and 1957 became her breakthrough year as she obtained work in other languages also.
During the 1960s, Janaki worked as a playback singer mainly in the Kannada and Malayalam cinema industries. Music directors such as S. M. Subbaiah Naidu, G. K. Venkatesh and M. S. Viswanathan provided songs specifically with her in mind.
Success.
Through her work with Venkatesh, Janaki came to the notice of Ilayaraja, who had been an assistant music director under Venkatesh for several years. Ilayaraja used Janaki’s singing skills in his first movie, "Annakilli", and that turned out to be a hit. Thereafter the two collaborated in numerous successful productions over the next two decades, with Ilayaraja not only composing for Janaki but also sometimes duetting with her.
She was also increasingly given work by other music directors. For example, from M. S. Viswanathan in "Avargal", from K. V. Mahadevan in "Mazhai Megham"), Sankar Ganesh in "Aasai Manaivi" and from V. Kumar in "Oruvanukku Oruthi".
After 20 years of working in the industry, she won her first National award, given for her performance in "Sendhoorappoovey", and in 1977 was also awarded by the Tamil Nadu government.
Tamil film music with Malaysia Vasudevan.
Malaysia Vasudevan began singing Tamil in the late 1970s and duetted with Janaki in a song from "Padinaru Vayadinile" and in Kovil Maniyosai from the movie "Kizhakke Pogum Rail". Other collaborations with Janaki included in "Muthal Mariyadhai". They sang every variety of songs, though their village and folk kind of duets are more in number. This singing pair who rendered absolute melodies like Agaya Gangai rendered several hit sensuous songs like "Nilakayithu" also and their evergreen duets cover variety of songs from melody, classical, pathos to pop, sensous and fun-filled songs for movies during period of the mid 1970s to mid 1990s.
With A. R. Rahman.
Janaki worked with A. R. Rahman, beginning with the album "Fantasy" and then later in films such as "Gentleman", "Kathalan", "Uyire" and "Jodi". She received a Tamil Nadu State Film Award for her work with him in "Sangamam" and has said that 
Her songs with him include:
Notable songs with Kamal Haasan and Rajinikanth.
It was really in Malayalam films that she gained momentum. After her first song ‘Irul moodukayo vaanil...the eminent music directors like V. Dakshinamurthy, K. Raghavan, B. A. Chidambaranath , G. Devarajan , M. S. Baburaj and particularly M. B. Srinivasan all focused on her and started developing her career.In the early '60s, she was already very well established in Malayala films.Then the other composers like Johnson, Ravindran, M K Arjunan, A T Ummer, Shyam , Shekar etc too followed later. She won awards almost every year for a decade in Malayalam.
Her turning point in Tamil films too came about the same time.The veteran composer S. M. Subbaiah Naidu had already composed music for the song " Singara velane vaa vaa...," in 1959 for the film " Konjum Salangai" and had already recorded the Nagaswaram piece of "Karaikurichi Arunachalam" and was trying many female playback singers for the song that should be sung matching it note for note. When he approached P. Leela, she strongly recommended that he should try S. Janaki. The song became a sensational hit when the film was released in 1961. In the same year, Singer-composer, A. M. Rajah gave her a major break by getting her to sing two beautiful songs, "Oho Enthan Baby" and "Kalaiyum Neeye, Maalaiyum Neeye" with him in the film Then Nilavu(Producer: C. V. Sridhar), that too her singing for Vyjayanthimala which became big hits . Rajah had already sung a few songs with her in the Malayala films and was impressed by her. Thereafter, she sang for some lovely songs for the music of the Viswanathan Ramamoorthy Duo also pairing with P.B. Srinivas in the films, Policekaran Mahal, Sumaithangi, Pasam, etc. However, she was still not really a regular singer in the Tamil films, but she was always there singing a few songs from time to time.
Them came the year 1976 when an unknown composer then, Ilaya Raja, composed music for his first film "Annakkikli".He chose S. Janaki to sing all the songs in this film − which became big hits. After his instant success that was followed by many films coming his way, Ilaya Raja decided to exploit her voice which had a wide range, good voice control with "melting, soft high notes", and the vocal acrobatics it was capable of, equally as a soloist as well as in duets. All the songs became top hits. It was the time, Vani Jayaram was the rising star, pushing P. Susheela almost to second place. But thence onward S. Janaki surged ahead as the Queen of the South Indian film music world.
She sang in almost every major South Indian movie in from 1976−1999. She won several awards from government and private institutions during this period. She has a record of maximum singing compared to any other female singer in the Malayalam and Kannada film industry and she also holds the record of singing the most difficult song in South Films i.e. "Shiva Shiva Ennada" from the Kannada movie "Hemavathi".
She was present in almost every album of G K Venkatesh and Rajan Nagendran. M Rangarao, Upendrakumar, Vijayabhaskar. Hamslekha used her singing talent in several albums.
Though she was singing from late 1950s and delivering in these languages, other music directors like Chakravarthy, Sathyam, Ramesh Naidu, M S Viswanathan, K V Mahadevan, Shankar Ganesh in the 1980s to give some of their career best melodies to Janaki. She rendered several semi-classical numbers also with lots of ease during this period. She delivered several songs with SP Balasubramanyam, Malaysia Vasudevan, K J Yesudas, Jayachandran, Mano, Arunmozhi in Tamil. Unfortunately P. B. Srinivas has faded away during this period, losing the magic in his voice. She also sang duets with actors like Kamalahasan, Rajnikanth etc. She continued to deliver songs with the younger generation of music directors like Madhavapeddi Suresh, Vandemataram Srinivas, Raj-Koti, Deva, S A Rajkumar, Yuvan Shankar Raja etc. in the 1990s and after 2000. She also sang few songs in music of A R Rahman.
She was invited to Hindi film industry by Bappi Lahiri for the 1985 movie Saheb, where she delivered "Yaar Bina Chain Kahan Re". She sang around 100 songs in the music of Jaidev, Lakshmikant Pyarelal, R D Burman, Ravindra Jain, O P Nayyar, Bappi Lahiri, Anu Malik and others. She recorded duets with Mohd Rafi (in Telugu movies), Kishore Kumar, Manna Dey, Bhupinder, Manhar Udas, Amit Kumar, Suresh Wadkar, Mohd Aziz, Udit Narayan, Shankar Mahadevan and others. But she personally preferred singing south Indian songs as she was getting melodious songs with better quality at that time than in Hindi.
She also penned many songs for Tamil and Telugu albums as she was extremely good in both the languages. She has also sung in Sinhalese, Bengali, Oriya, English, Sanskrit, Konkani, Tulu, Saurashtra, Baduga, Japanese and German.
She has also recorded devotional music of Meera. She released albums with songs of Meera, Tulsidas, Surdas and Kabir Das. She released 3 classical albums with songs of Thyagaraja Swamy, Muthuswamy Deekshithar and Swathi Thirunal. She has sung Devaranamas of Purandara Dasa and worked for restoring Ramadasa Keertanalu. She worked with Balakrishna Prasad and sang "anamacharya keerthanas" for him. She rendered several devotional albums apart from these classic albums. She has sung for television and radio programs as well and won awards for best playback from Andhra Pradesh state government for TV Serials.
Personal life.
S. Janaki was married to V. Ramaprasad. Ramaprasad died in the mid-1990s, and after his death, Janaki began to concentrate more on devotional songs. She is now settled in Chennai with her son, Murali Krishna, who acted in a few films and has an audio business of his own, and his family.

</doc>
<doc id="5851478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851478" title="Dubrovsky (opera)">
Dubrovsky (opera)

Dubrovsky () is an opera in four acts (5 scenes) Op. 58, by Eduard Nápravník, to a Russian libretto by Modest Ilyich Tchaikovsky after the novel of the same title (1832) by Alexander Pushkin. 
Creation and performance history.
Eduard Nápravník, Russia's leading conductor, who handled the musical department at the Mariinsky Theater in St Petersburg, composed four of his own operas, some of them inspired by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky whom Nápravník admired very much. For "Dubrovsky" he asked Modest Tchaikovsky to write a libretto after Alexander Pushkin, as Modest had done for his brother Pyotr (the best-known example of this is "The Queen of Spades"). The opera was completed in 1894 and successfully staged on January 15 (OS January 3) 1895, at the Mariinsky Theatre, St Petersburg, conducted by the composer.
A year later (December 26, 1895) it was staged at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow. Around this time, opera became a large part of the repertoire of the Russian theatrical scene. Only in 1897 there were seven premieres of "Dubrovsky" in different Russian towns: in Yekaterinoslavl, Kiev, Nizhny Novgorod, Odessa, Poltava, Saratov and Yalta. It was also performed abroad: in Prague in (1896), Leipzig in (1897), and Plzeň and Brno in (1898). 
In the 20th century the opera was performed less frequently, but nevertheless it remained in the repertoire of many theatres. It continued to enjoy success in 20th century Soviet Russia. The main role of Vladimir Dubrovsky was performed by Nikolai Figner, Leonid Sobinov, Sergei Lemeshev, and Ivan Kozlovsky, as well as various others. The vocal score was reprinted in Moscow in 1972.
It exists a Performance on Video from 1961 with Sergei Lemeshev with the Moskow Academian Theatre under the direction of Petr Slevinsski.
Plot.
Vladimir Dubrovsky is a young nobleman whose land is confiscated by greedy and powerful aristocrat Kiril Petrovitch Troekurov. Determined to get justice one way or another, Dubrovsky gathers together a band of serfs and goes on a rampage like another Robin Hood, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor. Along the way, Dubrovsky falls in love with Masha, Troekurov’s daughter, and foolishly lets his guard down, with tragic results.
The libretto does not follow Pushkin's original closely. At the end of the opera, the police, who want Vladimir for arson, are close on his heels. He gets the opportunity to sing a long duet with Masha before being shot. Masha's father enters to find his now insane daughter with Dubrovsky's body. 
In the opera, Nápravník played down the social aspect underscoring the love story of Dubrovsky and the daughter of his sworn enemy. Overall, however, Nápravník stayed true to Pushkin's romantic style.

</doc>
<doc id="5851480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851480" title="Sites of fossilized dinosaurs across the southern South Korean coast">
Sites of fossilized dinosaurs across the southern South Korean coast

The sites of fossilized dinosaurs across the southern South Korean coast is a tentative UNESCO World Heritage site registered by the South Korean government since 2002. The ancient remains of dinosaurs are located within a beautiful display of nature that includes petrified wood, the tracks of extinct dinosaurs and other animals, the exposure of geographic rock layers, and particular river drifts. This dinosaur park is well protected by the local governments and by the Marine National Park and is an invaluable resource for understanding the ecosystem and nesting behaviors of dinosaurs of the Mesozoic.
The largest sites of fossilized dinosaur eggs and footprints of dinosaurs from the Cretaceous period of the Mesozoic era in the world are located in various sites along the southern seacoast of South Korea. Fossilized eggs are widely distributed and are in well preserved conditions. Notable dinosaur footprints include the largest footprints of the famous archaeopteryx in the world. Additionally, the footprints of two webbed-feet/birds are also some of the oldest of its kind to be discovered.
The Haenam-gun site is most famous for the footprints of giant dinosaurs discovered there. This site, the first in Asia, also preserves the footprints of long-gone archaeopteryxes and webbed-feet birds that once walked along the shores. This site is South Korean Natural Monument No. 394.
Dinosaur nests, measuring at 1.5 meters in diameter, and fossilized eggs are perfectly preserved at the Boseong-gun site. This site is South Korean Natural Monument No. 418.
Over 1,000 footprints of carnivorous dinosaurs with tails that measured an average of twenty meters in length, the longest tail measured at 52 meters in length, are preserved at the Hwasun-gun site. This site is designated as Monument of Jeollanam-do No. 180.
The city of Yeosu and the islands of Sado, Choodo, Nangdo, Jeokgeumdo, and Mokgeumdo are famous for the many fossils from the Cretaceous period they produce. This area is particularly famous for a trail of footprints that measures 84 meters in length. This site is designated as Monument of Jeollanam-do No. 199.
The Goseong-gun site is famous for the number and variety of fossils excavated and includes 4,000 dinosaur footprints and paleontologists have identified over 420 different walking trails there as well. This site is South Korean Natural Monument No. 411.
The site has been selected as the country's candidate for World Heritage listing for 2009, under the name Korean Cretaceous Dinosaur Coast. [http://cms.iucn.org/about/union/commissions/wcpa/wcpa_work/wcpa_worldheritage/wcpa_nomination/wcpa_actnomination/index.cfm]

</doc>
<doc id="5851489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851489" title="Felix Prohaska">
Felix Prohaska

Felix Prohaska (May 16, 1912 – March 29, 1987) was an Austrian conductor.
He spent many years conducting at the Vienna State Opera and the Frankfurt Opera, and is noted for his recordings for the Vanguard Classics label of the music of Johann Sebastian Bach, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, Franz Schubert, and Gustav Mahler.
He was director of the Musikhochschule Hannover from 1961-1975.

</doc>
<doc id="5851492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851492" title="Archaeospheniscus">
Archaeospheniscus

Archaeospheniscus is an extinct genus of large penguins. It currently contains three species, known from somewhat fragmentary remains. "A. wimani", the smallest species (about the size of a gentoo penguin), was found in Middle or Late Eocene strata (34-50 MYA) of the La Meseta Formation on Seymour Island, Antarctica, whereas the other two, about the size of a modern emperor penguin, are known from bones recovered from the Late Oligocene Kokoamu Greensand Formation (27-28 MYA) at Duntroon, New Zealand.
The genus is one of the earliest known primitive penguins. Its humerus is still very slender, between the form seen in ordinary bird wings and the thickened condition found in modern penguins. On the other hand, the tarsometatarsus shows a peculiar mix of characters found in modern and primitive forms. Whether this signifies that the genus is an ancestor of modern taxa or represents a case of parallel evolution is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="5851493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851493" title="Vodnik Arkhangelsk">
Vodnik Arkhangelsk

Vodnik (Russian: Водник) is a bandy club from Arkhangelsk in Russia. Vodnik was founded in 1925 and in the mid-1990s it became a major team in both Russian and international bandy. During the existence of the USSR the club was a part of the VSS Vodnik.
Vodnik became Russian champions in 1996 to begin a run of nine national championships in ten seasons, missing out only in season 2000–01 when Yenisey won after scoring the winning goal against them in the last minute. In the Bandy World Cup, Vodnik was the runner-up in 2002 after Swedish Sandvikens AIK, but won the tournament in 2003 and 2004. The team also won the European Cup in 2002, 2003 and 2004.
For the 2005-2006 season almost all players left for Dynamo Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="5851497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851497" title="Microsoft-specific exception handling mechanisms">
Microsoft-specific exception handling mechanisms

Microsoft Windows OS family employs some exception handling mechanisms that are based on the operating system specifics.
Structured Exception Handling.
Microsoft Structured Exception Handling is the native exception handling mechanism for Windows and a forerunner technology to VEH. It features the codice_1 mechanism not present in standard С++ exceptions (but present in most imperative languages introduced later).
SEH is set up and handled separately for each thread of execution.
Usage.
Microsoft supports SEH as a programming technique at the compiler level only. MS Visual C++ compiler features three non-standard keywords: codice_2, codice_3 and codice_4 — for this purpose. Other exception handling aspects are backed by a number of Win32 API functions, for example, codice_5 to raise SEH exceptions manually.
Implementation.
Each thread of execution in Windows has a link to an undocumented _EXCEPTION_REGISTRATION_RECORD list at the start of its Thread Information Block. The codice_2 statement essentially calls a compiler-defined codice_7 function. That function allocates an _EXCEPTION_REGISTRATION_RECORD on the stack pointing to codice_8 function in codice_9, then adds the record to the list's head. At the end of the codice_2 block a compiler-defined codice_11 function is called that does the reverse operation. Either of these compiler-defined routines can be inline. All the programmer-defined codice_3 and codice_4 blocks are called from within codice_8. If such blocks are present, _EXCEPTION_REGISTRATION_RECORD being created is extended with a few additional fields used by codice_8.
In a case of an exception in a user mode code, the operating system parses the thread's _EXCEPTION_REGISTRATION_RECORD list and calls each exception handler in sequence until a handler signals it has handled the exception (by return value) or the list is exhausted. The last one in the list is always the codice_16 which displayes the General protection fault error message. Then the list is traversed once more giving handlers a chance to clean up any resources used. Finally, the execution returns to kernel mode where the process is either resumed or terminated.
Vectored Exception Handling.
Vectored Exception Handling was introduced in Windows XP. Vectored Exception Handling is made available to Windows programmers using languages such as C++ and Visual Basic. VEH does not replace Structured Exception Handling (SEH), rather VEH and SEH coexist with VEH handlers having priority over SEH handlers.
Compared with SEH, VEH works more like a traditional notification callback scheme.
Use of VEH.
Use "AddVectoredExceptionHandler API"

</doc>
<doc id="5851513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851513" title="PED (editor)">
PED (editor)

PED, short for Programmers' EDitor, was a powerful screen-based text editor made by the Norwegian minicomputer manufacturer Norsk Data. Versions were available for Sintran III running on both ND-100 and ND-500 architectures, as well as DolphinOS on the Motorola 88000. It took advantage of the special ND-NOTIS terminals made by Tandberg Data.
It was superseeded by LED, short for Language EDitor.

</doc>
<doc id="5851520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851520" title="Chuckery">
Chuckery

Chuckery is a small suburb of Walsall located a mile from the town centre.
Name.
The name "Chuckery" is believed to originate from the common medieval word to describe a poultry farming area.
Demographics.
Chuckery has a diverse ethnic mix, with a large South Asian community; particularly first and second generation Pakistani immigrants. Comprising relatively inexpensive housing (predominantly Victorian and Edwardian terraces and five Tower Blocks), it is primarily a working class area.
Since the Enlargement of the European Union in 2004, a growing number of Eastern Europeans, particularly from Poland have settled in the area, mostly attracted to the manual and semi-skilled jobs in local light industry.
Employment.
Historically, the area was home to a large number of Saddlers, with a number of the Victorian houses still having small workshops at the rear.
One of the largest employers in Chuckery is the Chamberlin and Hill iron foundry. In recent years residents have complained about the emissions from the foundry's chimney, claiming that it is an irritant, and causes staining to paintwork on houses and cars. Walsall Metropolitan Borough Council, working with Walsall Primary Care Trust are undertaking a detailed survey of air quality in the area, combining analysis of the air quality with surveys of local residents.
Places of interest.
It is the home of Chuckery Primary School, a number of Christian Churches and a Mosque. It is near to the established Mayfield Preparatory School and Hydesville Tower School. Queen Mary's Grammar School is also nearby.
The Chuckery Green is a small park located on Walsingham Street where locals commonly meet, play sports such as football and where children may access the play area.
As well as corner shops, the three main Public Houses are the Spring Cottage and the Duke of York, (both built in the late 1930s) and the older Walsall Arms. There were two working men's clubs, known locally as "The Big Club" and "The Little Club". Only "The Little Club" currently survives.
It is near to one of the main roads in Walsall, the Broadway, and is on the other side of the Broadway to a Victorian park, Walsall Arboretum.
Walsall F.C. played at the Chuckery ground from their foundation in 1888 until 1893. The site is now covered in housing.
Transport.
Bus route 74 - operated by local company Central Buses - provides a direct link from the suburb into the town centre, and also to the nearby Gillity Village.
Bus route 22 - operated by Walsall Community Transport - provides a direct link from the suburb to Walsall town centre via The Butts and Mellish Road

</doc>
<doc id="5851537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851537" title="Can't Sell Dope Forever">
Can't Sell Dope Forever

"Can't Sell Dope Forever" is a collaboration studio album between Hip Hop groups dead prez and Outlawz. The album was released on Affluent Records July 25, 2006 and executive produced by Oscar Sanchez. Stic.man and M-1 of dead prez are most known for their revolutionary musical content, and E.D.I., Young Noble and Kastro of Outlawz are most known from their close affiliation with late Hip Hop superstar 2Pac.

</doc>
<doc id="5851538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851538" title="Bollnäs GIF">
Bollnäs GIF

Bollnäs GoIF/BF (Bollnäs GIF), "Giffarna", is a bandy club founded in 1895 from Bollnäs in Sweden who play at Sävstaås Idrottspark. The club won the World Cup in 2005. The club has played fifty seasons in the Elitserien and has twice won the league in 1951 and 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="5851541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851541" title="Personality and Individual Differences">
Personality and Individual Differences

Personality and Individual Differences is a peer-reviewed academic journal published 16 times per year by Elsevier. It was established in 1980 and is the official journal of the International Society for the Study of Individual Differences. The editors-in-chief are Philip A. Vernon and Sybil B. G. Eysenck. The founding editor was Hans Jürgen Eysenck.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.877, ranking it 16th out of 59 journals in the category "Psychology, Social". WIth an h5-index of 47, it is ranked second-equal among personality journals for five year h-ranked impact 
Scope.
The journal covers individual differences, broadly conceived, with articles on social psychology, processes, personality, intelligence, specific facets of human nature such as creativity, and aggression as well as clinical, economic and HR applications. Articles often use techniques such as structural equation modeling and psychometric analysis of scales, or behavior genetic and evolutionary psychology approaches.
The journal has published some of the highest impact papers in personality and social psychology, including major measurement instruments, for instance the original description of the revised version of the Eysenck Personality Questionnaire,
and substantive contributions to the topic of impulse control and psychopathy.

</doc>
<doc id="5851545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851545" title="German submarine U-821">
German submarine U-821

German submarine "U-821" was a short-lived Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine", built by Oderwerke in Stettin during World War II for service in the Battle of the Atlantic. She only participated in two brief combat patrols, one of which ended after four days when she was sunk by allied aircraft. "U-821" was built in Stettin at a small shipyard, and thus took eighteen months to complete, being ready by October 1943. The boat was of the VIIC Type, which possessed long range cruising capabilities as well as five torpedo tubes.
War patrols.
Following her sea trials and warming-up period, "U-821" departed Bergen, Norway in March 1944 for her first war patrol, during which she spent 24 fruitless days in the North Atlantic before returning to Brest, France for resupply. Her second patrol was more eventful, as just four days out from Brest and not far from Ushant, Royal Air Force aircraft spotted and attacked the U-boat on the surface. Her captain made the decision to battle it out rather than dive, and engaged in a running firefight with three Mosquito aircraft of 248 Squadron and a large Consolidated Liberator bomber of 206 Squadron. One Mosquito was shot down in the clash, but rockets and depth charges took their toll on the submarine which soon sank, taking with her 50 sailors, in position . One survivor was pulled from the sea by small German Naval units a few hours later.

</doc>
<doc id="5851567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851567" title="L'arlesiana">
L'arlesiana

"L'arlesiana" is an opera in three acts by Francesco Cilea to an Italian libretto by Leopoldo Marenco. It was originally written in four acts, and was first performed on 27 November 1897 at the Teatro Lirico di Milano in Milan. It was revised as a three-act opera in 1898, and a prelude was added in 1937. 
The opera is based on the play "L'Arlésienne" (1872) by Alphonse Daudet, which was itself inspired by a short story from his collection "Letters From My Windmill" ("Lettres de mon moulin") and is best known for the incidental music composed by Georges Bizet. 
Three famous arias from this opera are the "Lamento di Federico: È la solita storia del pastore" written for a tenor, "Come due tizzi accesi" for a baritone, and for a mezzo-soprano, "Esser madre è un inferno". Additionally in 2011, the aria "Una mattina" from the 4-act version was added to the present score by the publisher.
Performance history.
In 2011, the Italian tenor Giuseppe Filianoti discovered among the composer's papers in the Museo Francesco Cilea in the Casa del Cultura in Palmi a manuscript of an aria, "Una mattina", whose lyrics he recognized as having been part of the first libretto in the original four act version of "L'Arlesiana". 
The aria had been cut from the work after the premiere at the insistence of the publisher, Casa Sonzogno, and was subsequently forgotten. Filianoti brought this aria to the attention of Casa Sonzogno and urged them to reinstate it. They commissioned the Italian composer Mario Guido Scappucci to re-orchestrate the aria, and it was performed for the first time since the opera's premiere in concerts and recordings with the Philharmonisches Orchester Freiburg in July, 2012.
The original act 1 aria was included in its first staged performance with the Wexford Festival Opera in October, 2012.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
An old shepherd Baldassarre, tells a story to L'Innocente (a younger son of Rosa Mamai) about a little goat fighting with a hungry wolf all night long ("Come due tizzi accesi"). At the break of dawn the goat collapses and dies. L'Innocente is slightly retarded and rumour has it that the child brings good fortune to the household. L'Innocente is neglected by everyone in the family except Baldassarre. 
Rosa Mamai is worried about her older son Federico, who is madly in love with a woman from Arles. She asks her brother, Marco to gather some information about this unknown woman.
Vivetta arrives at the farmhouse. She has always loved Federico but she feels hurt knowing of Federico’s obsession for L'Arlesiana. As Rosa and Vivetta were talking, she sees L'Innocente up on the edge of the window. Baldassarre pulls the child back, and Rosa shudders, "If anyone should ever fall from that height!". Federico enters, and shortly afterwards, Marco returns with a news from Arles. Marco says Rosa has no choice but to consent to the marriage plans. 
While Baldassarre is at the farmyard, he is approached Metifio, who asks to speak to Rosa. Metifio tells Rosa that he is L'Arlesiana’s lover and the girl's parents are aware of their relationship but rejected him when the prospect of marriage with Federico arose. He shows Rosa and Baldassarre two letters to prove his statements. When Metfio leaves, Federico enters. His mother shows him the letters and asks him read them. Federico feels devastated over the treachery of the woman he loves.
Act 2.
Rosa and Vivetta search for Federico in the countryside. He has disappeared from home since the previous day. Rosa convinces Vivetta to behave more seductively with Federico and to distract him from thoughts of L'Arlesiana. Baldassarre and L'Innocente enter. 
L'Innocente discovers Federico has been hiding in the sheepfold. Baldassarre urges Federico to forget his sorrow by helping him with work ("Vieni con me sui monti"). After Baldassarre has gone, Federico pulls out the letters and contemplates them bitterly. L'Innocente falls asleep while repeating a line from the old shepherd's story about the goat, and that leads into Federico's lament ("È la solita storia del pastore"). 
Vivetta enters and awkwardly tries to follow Rosa's advice as to how to seduce Federico. She tells him that she loves him but Federico cannot accept it and rejects her. Vivetta sobs and draws Rosa into the scene. Rosa offers her consent to his marriage with L'Arlesiana. Federico is moved by his mother's offer but he refuses, swearing that he will only give his name to a woman worthy of it. He calls for Vivetta and asks her to help him to forget about the woman he loves.
Act 3.
With preparations for Federico and Vivetta's wedding beginning, Federico affirms that he now only thinks of Vivetta. Metifio enters and runs into Baldassarre. He asks him to return his letters, but Baldassarre says he had delivered the letters to Metifio's father. However, Metifio had not yet received them because he was in Arles. Metifio reveals his plans to kidnap L'Arlesiana. Federico overhears the conversation and is overcome with his old jealousy. Vivetta pleads with him to move on and go with her. 
Baldassarre advises Metifio not to ruin his life for the unworthy woman. In a rage, Federico attempts to assault Metifio with a sledgehammer but they are separated by Baldassarre and Rosa. When the situation has calmed down, Rosa remains alone and laments the trials of motherhood ("Esser madre è un inferno"). L'Innocente awakes and tells his mother that she can go along to bed. He says he will keep watch over his brother. Rosa kisses him and caresses him as she never has before, but she sends him back to bed. 
Federico is half-delirious, repeating the last lines of the shepherd's story about the goat fighting with the wolf all night and falling dead at the break of dawn. He pictures how L’Arlesiana is being carried away on Metifio's horse. Rosa runs to him as Federico heads for the hayloft. He believes he hears L'Arlesiana's cries and, as his mother tries to stop him, he climbs up to the hayloft and jumps out of the window.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="5851571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851571" title="Sergey Zvyagin">
Sergey Zvyagin

Sergey Zvyagin (born February 17, 1971 in Moscow, Russia) is a Russian ice hockey player.
Career.
He started with Krylia Sovetov in the Russian Hockey League in 1990. He played for the national Soviet Union team in 1991. Moved to the United States in 1994 where he played for the Detroit Falcons ice hockey team. He also played with other hockey teams in the United States including Quad City Mallards, Michigan K-Wings, and San Antonio Dragons. Zvyagin played in the 2006 European Champions Cup and was noted for stopping 4 goals in one game. He plays in his father's favorite team the Moscow Dynamo as a goaltender and joined then in September 2009 to Vityaz Podolsk.

</doc>
<doc id="5851581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851581" title="Write-only">
Write-only

Write-only or write only may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5851596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851596" title="Howard Bingham">
Howard Bingham

Howard Bingham (born Jackson, Mississippi, 1939) is a biographer of Muhammad Ali and a professional photographer.
He was the son of a minister and Pullman porter. After initially failing a photography course, he was hired by a local newspaper. While working there, he met the young Cassius Clay (later to become Muhammad Ali). The two had an instant rapport, one that led to a lifelong friendship. Bingham went on to create arguably the definitive book of photographs of Ali, "Muhammad Ali: A Thirty-Year Journey".
Bingham was the first black photographer to work on a Hollywood International Cinematographers Guild camera crew. His photographs have been published in magazines and periodicals including: "Life, Look, Time, Newsweek, Sports Illustrated, People, Ebony" and others. He was selected as a photographer for the 1990 project "Songs of My People".

</doc>
<doc id="5851601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851601" title="The Captain's Car">
The Captain's Car

"The Captain's Car" is the fifth episode of the seventh series of the British comedy series "Dad's Army" that was originally transmitted on Friday 13 December 1974.
Synopsis.
The platoon inherit a Rolls Royce Staff car, and have to prepare for a visiting French General.
Plot.
Lady Maltby arrives to see Captain Mainwaring in his office, as she can't get the petrol for her Rolls Royce, so is keen to see it used for the war effort. She is carefully maintaining her class distinction, being very superior to Mainwaring, then catches sight of Wilson, and greets him warmly as 'Dear Arthur'. They talk for a few minutes, obviously well acquainted, leaving Mainwaring fuming.
Mainwaring is very keen to use the car, so Frazer offers to respray it cheaply. Unfortunately, there is a misunderstanding when Frazer collects the car, and he takes the Mayor's Rolls Royce instead. A great flap ensues, which is calmed down by the accusation that the Mayor's chauffeur obviously hadn't disabled the car when he left it, which takes the wind out of the angry Mayor's sails. Of course the Mayor's car is now not black but camouflaged, so Frazer has to spray it again.
In the background the town is preparing for the visit of a Free French General. Mainwaring is not impressed, and tells Wilson that "the French don't make very good soldiers, you know, especially after lunch". There is a lot of argument between the Wardens and the Home Guard about who should have the most important spot in the Guard of Honour. Frazer just manages to deliver the (now black) Mayor's car in time, but the paint is still tacky.
At the Guard of Honour, The Vicar's choir sings half the French National Anthem ("they didn't have time to learn it all"), Wilson gives a welcoming speech in French, and the French General is so overcome he kisses Wilson, then Mainwaring, on both cheeks. Then the flash of Private Cheeseman's camera startles him, and he steadies himself with his hands against the Rolls Royce, so that when he kisses the outraged Warden, the Warden ends up with black paint all over his face.

</doc>
<doc id="5851619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851619" title="Ali Rahimi">
Ali Rahimi

The population of Sardasht is Kurdish.
As he worked in the hospital at Sardasht he was a witness to the chemical bombardment executed by the former Iraqi regime. He dedicated his life and money to help the victims of the chemical bombardment of Sardasht and later also the victims of the bombardment of Halabja.
In 1989 he moved to the Netherlands and continued his quest to find the ones responsible for supplying the chemicals that helped the former Iraqi regime to create the dirty bombs. 
With the help of other high profile Kurds in the north of Iraq he was able to provide the evidence to bring Frans van Anraat to justice. "Ali Rahimi is now known as the Simon Wiesenthal of Kurdistan". 
The main thing Ali Rahimi achieved was, that through the Anraat case, he forced a western court to acknowledge a crime was committed against the Kurds. This is exceptional because usually the Kurds are addressed as Iranians, Turks, Syrian or Iraqis. This had never been done before.

</doc>
<doc id="5851634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851634" title="American Me (album)">
American Me (album)

American Me is the title of the first solo album by Hip Hop artist CL Smooth, released on October 31, 2006. The project is the rapper's first solo album, since breaking up with partner Pete Rock in 1995; he had not released an album since 1994's "The Main Ingredient".
The album's lead single is the title track, "American Me", which features "Smoke in the Air" as its B-side.

</doc>
<doc id="5851683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851683" title="Intellectual Property Watch">
Intellectual Property Watch

Intellectual Property Watch is a Geneva based publication reporting on policy issues and influences relating to international organizations (IOs), especially those in Geneva such as the World Intellectual Property Organization, World Trade Organization, World Health Organization and International Telecommunication Union. It also follows policy developments outside Geneva, and does some investigative reporting.
Besides almost daily articles and occasional special columns, they publish a monthly reader about intellectual property and the policies that affect it.
"IP-Watch" is an editorially independent news agency whose startup funding came from several sources, the MacArthur Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the Open Society Institute. Currently, they accept subscription fees for their Monthly Reporter and a subscriber-only online content area, but do not take anonymous donations nor donations from any private corporations, except in the form of subscriptions to their reporting services. Most of their online content is open access, published under the Creative Commons license.
"Intellectual Property Watch" has no formal owner, and their board of directors meets twice a year to discuss business and legal matters.
On their website, they openly present both industry and industry critics in their "Inside Views" section. They also provide interested developing countries with free copies of their newsletter.
Their founder and board chair is Carolyn Deere.

</doc>
<doc id="5851687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851687" title="P. Susheela">
P. Susheela

Pulapaka Susheela (born 1935), popularly known as P. Susheela, is an Indian playback singer. A recipient of five National Awards and numerous state awards, Susheela is widely acclaimed as a singer and is well known for her mellifluous vocal performances for thousands of film songs across South Indian languages. She is also considered one of the rich voiced singers whose pronunciation of the syllables to be more clear and precise in any of the languages she sang. In a career spanning more than four decades, she has recorded numerous songs in various Indian languages including Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam, Kannada, Hindi, Bengali, Oriya, Sanskrit, Tulu, Badaga. She has also sung for Sinhalese films. Her mother tongue is Telugu. She can speak Tamil, Malayalam, and Hindi languages .
Personal life.
She was born in Telugu speaking family in Andhra Pradesh, India, as the daughter of Pulapaka Mukunda Rao, a leading advocate in Vizianagaram, Vizianagaram District, Andhra Pradesh State. The noted banker Pulapaka Seethapathi Rao, former managing director of State Bank of Hyderabad, was her father's younger brother along with Pulapaka Ragupathi Rao. She is married to Mohan Rao; they have a son named Jayakrishna and two granddaughters named Jayashree and Subashree. Her daughter-in-law, Sandhya Jayakrishna, is a singer who debuted with A. R. Rahman in "Iruvar".
Education.
After completion of schooling, Susheela joined in Maharaja's Music College, Vizianagaram, and completed Diploma in Music from Andhra University in First Class at a very early age.
Career.
Debut : 1950-1954.
Born into a music loving family, Susheela had nurtured a formal classical music training at a very young age. She used to participate in all the musical competitions both at her school and the Vizianagaram town events. She developed the crucial nuances in singing songs with apt expressions and modulations through her extensive training during these days. She also sang few songs for the All India Radio (AIR) for their private program telecasts.
In 1950, music director Pendyala Nageswara Rao was on the look out for some fresh voices to sing for his new film compositions. He approached the AIR to help him shortlist some of the finest singers who have performed for the Radio. AIR sent forward five singers of whom Susheela was selected after some thorough audition tests. She was immediately signed on for the Tamil film "Petra Thai" (1952) for a duet song "Edhuku Azhaithhai" with A. M. Raja. This was subsequently made in Telugu as "Kanna Talli" for which she recorded the same duet with Ghantasala. This resulted in her long term employment with AVM Studios singing for their productions alone with a fixed monthly salary. The studio owner A. V. Meiyappan hired a Tamil trainer for Susheela to hone her Tamil pronunciation skills. Thus Susheela began her illustrious career gaining abundant knowledge about music and language. She debuted into Kannada language with the film "Maadidunno Maaraya" in 1954.
Breakthrough : 1955 - 1960.
It was not easy for a newcomer to foray into the musical scene in the 1950s with the domination of eminent female vocalists like P. Leela, M. L. Vasanthakumari, Jikki among others ruling the playback industry. Yet, Susheela made her own mark with her distinct and clear vocals. The year 1955 saw Susheela raising to popularity with her back to back hit songs both in Tamil and Telugu film industries. "Missamma" released in 1955 had hugely popular songs backed with strong carnatic classical essence. Susheela created a huge impact among the listeners with her effortless renditions of the toughest notations. The same year released Tamil film "Kanavane Kan Kanda Deivam" made her a household name in Tamil Nadu.
Thus began a huge legacy of Susheela, who sang in almost all the films produced since 1955 through 1960s and 1970s till 1985. The legendary Tamil musicians Viswanathan - Ramamurthy duo wrote some of the most evergreen songs of Cinema history in the voice of Susheela. Her duets with the acclaimed singers Ghantasala in Telugu, T. M. Soundararajan in Tamil and P. B. Srinivas in Kannada marked a new era of duet songs in the South Indian music industry. She, along with T. M. Soundararajan went on to record more than hundreds of songs with Viswanathan - Ramamurthy.
Successful domination : 1960 - 1985.
The early 1960s saw Susheela grow as an undisputed lead female singer across all the south Indian language films putting all the older veteran singers to the background. The other famed singer S. Janaki who, later went on to rule the playback industry, had just begun her career. The year 1960 saw Susheela entering the Malayalam films with the V. Dakshinamurthy compositions for the film "Seetha". From then, she went on to record numerous hit songs with all the Malayalam composers like G. Devarajan, M. K. Arjunan among others. She recorded many Malayalam duets with the veteran singer K. J. Yesudas. Her association with M.S. Viswanathan continued even after M.S.V split up with Ramamoorthy in 1965 and under M.S.V her duets with T.M. Sounderrajan and others and her solo songs were too popular with audience and made her first choice singer for every other music composer and film producer from 1960-1985. M.S.V.'s composition fetched her the very first National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer in 1969 for her prolific rendition of "Naalai Intha Velai Paarthu" for the Tamil film "Uyarndha Manidhan". The same song got her the Tamil Nadu State Award as well. Thereby, Susheela became one of the first recipients of the most dignified National awards in India. It was during these years the Nightingale of India, Lata Mangeshkar developed a strong friendship with Susheela and praised all her works frequently. MS Viswanathan is regarded by her as her mentor and in his music direction she has maximum popular hit songs from 1955-1995.
The 1970s also saw Susheela in her prime form winning almost all the awards both Nationally and in all the four states of Southern India. She also recorded even Hindi songs during this period with music directors like KV Mahdevan, Laximkant Pyarelal, L. Vaidyanathan and Laxmi Kiran, S.L. Manohar, Ajit merchant, G. Devarajan and S.N. Tripathi. It was in this era that she sang few notable songs for another prolific Indian music director Illayaraja. Though Janaki took over the leading position in the from 1980 with her strong association with M.S.V and Ilayaraja, Susheela continued to be at the top till 1985 and after 1985 was still opted by several music directors for her legendary vocals. After 1986, she became selective about film songs and continued to have hit film songs till 2005.
Shift to non-films : 1985- 2000s.
With S. Janaki and Vani Jayaram taking over the Southern film songs center stage from 1985 and K. S. Chitra beginning her career, Susheela slowly shifted her focus from films to Devotionals and Light Music. But she continued to get to sing melodious film songs from 1984-1999 though she had after 1985 cut down on offers for singing in films. She even won awards for songs in Telugu films - "Vishwanatha Nayakudu" in 1987, "Godavari Pongindi" in 1989 and Tamil film "Varam" in 1989. She sang duets with Kishore Kumar in 1986 for the film "Singhasan" - "Chalta Hai Do Dilon Ka Kaise Sansaar" and "Tere Liye Maine Janam" which became popular. She also concentrated more on stage shows across the Globe where many associations world wide invited her to perform for their organized shows. She recorded more than 1000 devotional songs for various audio companies. In 1988, acclaimed music composer Naushad insisted her to sing "Janaki Jaane" for his Malayalam film "Dhwani". She also recorded few of her career best songs for Illayaraja, A. R. Rahman and others in the 1990s. "Kannukku Mai Azhagu" from the film "Pudhiya Mugam" (1993) composed by Rahman was praised all over for its lyrical content and rendition. She had hit songs in Tamil till 2005 and sang many devotional and folk songs from 1986-2005 and did many live shows from 1990 to 2005.
P. Susheela Trust : 2008 - Present.
The P Susheela Trust, formed in 2008, has a monthly pension payment scheme and a few musicians in need are being benefited through it. On every November 13 there would be a musical concert during which a senior artist (s) chosen by a panel is conferred with the Lifetime Achievement awards and the P Susheela Trust award. The proceedings of the concert would go towards the Trust maintenance.
The Lifetime achievement awards so far has been conferred upon T. M. Soundararajan and P. B. Srinivas. The recipients of the Trust’s awards so far are S. Janaki, S. P. Balasubramaniam and K. J. Yesudas.
Awards and recognition.
She was awarded the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India in January 2008. In 2001, the Andhra Pradesh Government honored her with the Raghupathi Venkaiah Award for lifetime achievement in Telugu cinema. In 2005, she received the Special Jury Swaralaya Yesudas Award for outstanding performance in music. She was honoured with the Life Time Achievement Award by the "Filmfare" in 2006. In 2011, she was honoured with the Devarajan Sangeetha Award.
National Film Awards.
She was the first playback singer to receive the first National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer in 1969 and went on to receive the same four more times:
State Awards.
She received best singer of the decade Award from Dr. Subbarami Reddy in 2001

</doc>
<doc id="5851699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851699" title="Digora">
Digora

Digora (; , "Digoræ") is a town and the administrative center of Digorsky District of the Republic of North Ossetia–Alania, Russia, located northwest of Vladikavkaz on the Ursdon River (left tributary of the Terek). Population: 
History.
Founded in 1852 as the "aul" of Volno-Khristianovsky (), and later renamed the "selo" of Novokhristianovskoye () and Khristianovskoye (), it was finally given its present name in 1934. It was granted town status in 1964.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Digora serves as the administrative center of Digorsky District. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Digorsky District as Digora Town Under District Jurisdiction. As a municipal division, Digora Town Under District Jurisdiction is incorporated within Digorsky Municipal District as Digorskoye Urban Settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="5851711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851711" title="Superstitions of Malaysian Chinese">
Superstitions of Malaysian Chinese

Superstitions of Malaysian Chinese refers to traditional superstitious beliefs of Malaysian Chinese, and may include some Chinese Singaporean beliefs since both countries share a common culture and historical heritage.
"Sacred" stone attraction.
In September 2008, large crowds of people flocked to an open area at the Bukit Minyak Industrial area near Bukit Mertajam, seeking good luck from a "sacred" granite stone. Nearby residents claimed the stone was "worshipped" for several years before it was abandoned at the open area where it is found now. The number of people visiting the area increased as word started to spread. Some came from as far as Kuala Lumpur. Local residents erected temporary stalls selling praying paraphernalia, flowers, fruits and "holy water" to bathe the stone. Ah Poh, 60, from Chai Leng Park near Butterworth said he saw four numbers on the stone when he washed it with water he bought at the stall for RM1. B. Kala, 38, a mother of three children said she won RM1,400 in Wednesday's four-digit draw.
Examples of superstitions.
Numbers.
Numbers play a large part in all superstitions. They are an important part of superstition in any culture and are very significant within Chinese culture.
Pregnancy.
The Chinese also have many superstitions concerning pregnancy and the woman who is pregnant. Although many people believe most of these to be false, others religiously follow many of the superstitions.
This is for readers who are not yet married. Have the groom carry the bride over a pan of burning coals when entering his home for the first time. Doing this ensures trouble-free labor. 
Chinese New Year.
The Chinese New Year is one of the most important holidays celebrated in China. There is a lot of time and preparation that goes into making the event an unforgettable one. With hopes of entering the new year prosperous and successful, many people in China follow certain superstitions to increase their chances of good fortune. Listed below are some of the most popular New Year's superstitions that many of the Chinese people believe in:

</doc>
<doc id="5851713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851713" title="Chelsea (band)">
Chelsea (band)

Chelsea are an English punk rock band, formed in London in 1976. 
Three of the four original band members went on to help found Generation X. More than two decades after its release, "Right to Work", Chelsea's debut single, was included in "Mojo" magazine's list of the best punk rock singles of all time.
Biography.
The original line-up was frontman Gene October, William Broad (later and better known as Billy Idol) (guitar), Tony James (bass) and John Towe (drums, who had come from London SS along with James). After a few gigs, the other three left October to form Generation X. October then recruited Carey Fortune (drums), Martin Stacy (guitar) and Bob Jessie (bass), with the last two soon replaced by Henry Daze (Henry Badowski) and James Stevenson (who also later joined Generation X). This rapid turnover of band members (Simon Cade Williams, aka Simon Vitesse, joined the band as bassist in 1977 for UK tour and the single: "High Rise Living") was characteristic throughout Chelsea's existence, with October the only constant presence.
Their first single, "Right to Work", dealing with unemployment, was their most popular song. After spending 1977-78 touring in the UK and overseas, they released their first album, "Chelsea", in 1979. Their second LP, "Alternative Hits", was released in 1980. At this time the band split and October put together a new line-up, including guitarist Nic Austin, which recorded the critically acclaimed album "Evacuate"'.
October put out albums sporadically with various line-ups throughout the 1980s, including "Rock Off", "Original Sinners" and "Underwraps". In the early 90's "Chelsea" toured "The Alternative" and "Traitors Gate" albums with the return of Nic Austin and new recruit Mat Sargent on bass. In 1999 the line-up from the first album reformed for the 'Social Chaos Tour' across North America. The live album "Metallic F.O." was recorded at CBGBs in New York during this tour. The band released the studio album, "Faster, Cheaper and Better Looking" in 2005 with Tony Barber from The Buzzcocks on bass.
In 2011 Nic Austin & Mat Sargent returned to the band along with James Stevenson. "Chelsea" continue to tour and are reputedly recording new material for a new album.

</doc>
<doc id="5851718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851718" title="North Linkor Road">
North Linkor Road

North Linkor Road is a major road of the city of Lhasa in the Tibet Autonomous Region which links the city to the north of Tibet.

</doc>
<doc id="5851749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851749" title="The Nameless One">
The Nameless One

"The Nameless One" is a fictional from the "Black Isle Studios" role-playing video game, "" and is the main protagonist of the story. The character was voiced by Michael T. Weiss and created by game designer Chris Avellone. The Nameless One is a heavily scarred immortal, who, when killed, may suffer severe memory loss.
"Planescape: Torment" begins "in medias res", with the character awakening from his previous death experience on a Mortuary slab in Sigil, without his memories. He sets out on a quest to regain his lost memories and discover why he is immortal. In the process, he slowly learns about the varying personalities of his previous incarnations, and the influence they have had on the planes and the people that surround him. The character has an expansive back story, spanning thousands of years, through a multitude of incarnations, benevolent and evil.
The character has received universally positive reviews. Empireonline.com placed "The Nameless One" as fourth on a list of "The 50 Greatest Video Game characters".
In the game.
Origins.
The Nameless One's origins have been lost through time and as a result his history is shrouded in mystery. The Nameless One was once human. He sought the advice of a man named Morte, who ended up tricking him into committing the most terrible crime imaginable. The nature of the crime itself is unknown, save that the planes are still slowly dying because of it. At the same time, The Nameless One was contracted to a lifetime of servitude in the Blood War.
In order to escape his punishment of being damned to an eternity in the Blood Wars, and perhaps to atone for his crime, he sought the help of someone powerful enough to make him immortal, so that he could spend the rest of his life doing nothing but good. Morte, also trying to atone for his actions, directed him to the Gray Waste, where he would find the night hag, Ravel Puzzlewell. The Nameless One traveled to the Gray Waste, to find the "Greatest of the Gray Sisters". Ravel tells him that he must pay for her services, and the Nameless One presents her with the challenge of answering the question: "What can change the nature of a man?". He manipulates her with the challenge of making him immortal and seduces her to bend her to his will. Ravel agreed and performed the ritual, out of love and succeeded in making the Nameless One immortal, but the ritual was flawed, for every time he died, he forgot his memories and became another person. Ravel, in order to perform the magic, split the Nameless One's essence in two, and stripped his mortality from him, which turned into "The Transcendent One". The Nameless One's immortality comes at the terrible price of suffering the torment of not bearing his mortality with him and he will pull tormented souls towards him because of it. In order to test that her spell had worked, Ravel stabbed the Nameless One to death and when he awoke, without his memories, she realised that she had not entirely succeeded in her spell.
From this point onwards, the Nameless One's many incarnations travelled the planes, trying to gather together information on who he was from the fragmented memory of past existences.
The Second Incarnation.
The story of what happens after the Nameless One's mortality is stripped from him is told by Morte while exchanging tales with Yves the Tale-Chaser. The Nameless One awakes from his "death", without his memories, and is offered three wishes by Ravel Puzzlewell. Not knowing himself, the Nameless One asks "to know who he is," Ravel grants him his wish, but the truth of his crimes to the planes causes him so much pain that he asks Ravel immediately to make his second wish be to make him forget everything.
He awakes a second time, to find Ravel standing over him, and she asks him what his third wish will be, to which he asks "to know who he is" again, which Ravel grants and leaves telling him "That was your first wish." Presumably, the incarnation spent the rest of his life haunted by his crimes until he died and forgot everything.
The Practical Incarnation.
The "Practical Incarnation" was the incarnation that came closest to defeating the Transcendent One. He was cold, ruthless, and incredibly intelligent. He was always tense, suspicious, and watchful of enemies. He was incredibly ruthless and a force to be reckoned with, and Xachariah notes that "there was no denying that anybody who messed with you Practical Incarnation ended up in the black chapters of the dead book.".
He kept very detailed notes in his journal and was the one to issue the tattouage of the instructions onto his own back so that future incarnations could more easily find out who they were. He was the one to trick Pharod into searching for the Bronze Sphere for himself, and imprisoned Vhailor in a cell, so that, in years to come, he could release Vhailor and exploit his abilities. He commissioned a dream machine from Xeno Xander and a portal to reach Ravel from the Godsmen, but was never able to make use of them. He attempted to thwart his hidden enemy, of whom he was forever suspicious. He tried creating false bodies, hiding on the Outer Planes, and building a tomb to trap him in, which he admits to have been disastrous.
In order to access the Fortress of Regrets, the Practical Incarnation enlisted help from companions, using trickery and emotional manipulation to get them to follow him. He pried Morte from the Pillar of Skulls and forced him to do his will, tricked Deionarra into loving him, enslaved Dak'kon after saving him from certain death, and enlisted the help of Xachariah, and forced him to sign a Death Contract with the Dustmen. No matter how cruel, none of the Practical Incarnation's companions ever entertained the thought of abandoning him. Xachariah was a blind archer, who could see by other means, and whose arrows always found his enemies' hearts. Once the Practical Incarnation had recruited Xachariah, he got him drunk and forced him to sign a Death Contract with the Dustmen, which would mean that when he eventually died, he would be condemned to a lifetime of servitude as a zombie. Xachariah traveled with the Nameless One to the Fortress of Regrets, and was mortally wounded there. He took to drinking and died of his wounds soon after and, because of his contract, was assigned to Mortuary work as a zombie.
In the novel.
In the official novelization of the game, which is only loosely based on its plot, The Nameless One was a human being, who made a pact with the Baatezu Fhjull Forked-Tongue (an NPC encountered late in the game), offering his service as a soldier in the Blood War in exchange for his town being spared. He then sought a way to become immortal to avoid the Blood War entirely, and all of his most recent struggles are, in fact, the culmination of the machinations of Fhjull to claim The Nameless One's soul. In the book, The Nameless One's ability to recall memories from prior incarnations (beginning with the one that wakes up in the Mortuary) is due to being dosed prior to awakening in the Mortuary with a special elixir derived from the waters of the River Styx by Fhjull Forked-Tongue.
Reception.
The Nameless One has received overwhelmingly positive reviews, being praised as an unorthodox role-playing game character and a unique and diverse protagonist. Eurogamer gave him the Gaming Globes 2000 award in the category Male Lead Character.
GameSpot's Greg Kasavin said that "the Nameless One" was nothing like the conventional main character of an RPG: "Even "Torment"s protagonist, who is heavily scarred, entirely tattooed, and dressed in bones and animal hides, seems nothing like the usual role-playing game hero." Kasavin noted the diversity of the Nameless One's choices in dialogue that "often lets you choose to make promises, bluff, or play dumb; the game lets you perceive small details if your character is intelligent, understand philosophical implications if he's wise, and intimidate or charm if he's strong or charismatic. Your character's moral alignment and his affiliation with Sigil's different factions are openly flexible and have a noticeable impact on the course of the game." He also deemed the character's "perverse incapacity to permanently die" as helping to maintain pacing, and noted the possible changes of classes the character can go through, "your character can readily switch between fighter, thief, and magic-user classes and can rapidly advance to a high level of proficiency in any and all of these, which is justified within the game as not so much an acquiring of new skills as a remembrance of latent centuries-old talents."
"Empire" placed the character as fourth on a list of the greatest video game characters, stating that "if you're looking for one of the most original, inspired and fascinating characters since gaming began, then look no further than The Nameless One" and "rather than other RPGs of the era, which gave you a blank slate character to flesh out as you wanted, "Torment"s strength was in the detail and richness of its protagonist, who remains one of the very best more than ten years on." In 2012, GamesRadar ranked him as the 45th "most memorable, influential, and badass" protagonist in games, commenting: "Recovering the fragments of The Nameless One’s past through his various incarnations is an emotional journey that reveals him to be a character that has truly suffered many lifetimes’ worth of anguish. Though you can imprint your own philosophical views on him through the game’s long-winded dialog, he’s still a fully realized and impressively developed character all his own."
RPGFan said that "as a character, The Nameless One exceeds every video game protagonist to date." Another review from RPGFan noted the diversity of the game: "Want to play the noble, yet tortured hero? The sarcastic and reluctant adventurer? The selfish scumbag? You can do all of those." In 2011, UGO.com ranked him at number two on the list of their favorite immortal characters in entertainment, adding "sometimes, living forever just ain't worth the hassle."

</doc>
<doc id="5851751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851751" title="Allertonshire School">
Allertonshire School

The Allertonshire School is a comprehensive school in Northallerton, Hambleton, North Yorkshire, England.
The school provides education for children aged between 11 and 14 years old, Year 7 to Year 9. Northallerton College is the sister establishment, providing education between Year 10 and Year 13.
The school is on two sites - West House and East House, separated by Brompton road. On the East side of the site, there is a rugby pitch and two football pitches. There are also three science blocks, one art block and a music block.
The Allertonshire School also received Grade 2 'Good' status in its 2008 Ofsted report.

</doc>
<doc id="5851752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851752" title="Castleberry Independent School District">
Castleberry Independent School District

Castleberry Independent School District is a public school district located in River Oaks, Texas (USA). In addition to River Oaks, the city of Sansom Park and a small portion of Fort Worth lie within the district.
The district covers an area of approximately 5.438 square miles, placing it among the smallest (in terms of geographic size) public school districts in the state of Texas.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5851762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851762" title="Insar, Insarsky District, Republic of Mordovia">
Insar, Insarsky District, Republic of Mordovia

Insar (; ) is a town and the administrative center of Insarsky District of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia, located southwest of the republic's capital of Saransk at the confluence of the Issa and Insarka Rivers. Population: 
History.
It was founded in 1648 as a fortress and a "posad". Town status was granted to it in 1780; it was demoted to a rural locality in 1926. Town status was re-granted again in 1958.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Insar serves as the administrative center of Insarsky District. As an administrative division, it is, together with the settlement of Zarya, incorporated within Insarsky District as the town of district significance of Insar. As a municipal division, the town of district significance of Insar is incorporated within Insarsky Municipal District as Insar Urban Settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="5851765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851765" title="Graeme Duffin">
Graeme Duffin

Graeme Duffin (born 28 February 1956) has played guitar for the Scottish pop band Wet Wet Wet since 1983. However he has never officially been a band member, nor has he appeared in band photographs or interviews. The band were suspected of keeping him hidden for image purposes but it may have been Duffin's own choice due to his stammer. He is a Christian.
In an online article by Graeme Smith (dated 23 March 2005), Duffin is quoted as saying,
In an interview with British Stammering Association trustee Eddie Phillips ("Speaking Out", Autumn 2004, page 3) Duffin describes his experience of stammering severely during a radio interview in which he was attempting to discuss his work with Wet Wet Wet:
In addition to his role as a guitarist with the Wets and Director of the Foundry Music Lab, Duffin is actively involved in the work of the British Stammering Association Scotland, and is also an instructor/facilitator for the McGuire Programme.
In February 2006, Duffin opened Foundry Music Lab, a recording/rehearsal/teaching facility with two of his friends, Ted Blakeway and Sandy Jones, in Motherwell.
In October 2006, Duffin joined Wets frontman Marti Pellow for a two-month tour in support of the latter's "Moonlight Over Memphis" solo album.

</doc>
<doc id="5851772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851772" title="Lake Evans">
Lake Evans

Lake Evans may mean:
A lake:

</doc>
<doc id="5851777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851777" title="That Summer Day">
That Summer Day

That Summer Day is a one-hour docudrama directed by Jon East, written by Clive Bradley (who also wrote "Last Rights"), produced by Hannah Pescod and executive produced by Jon East and Mark Redhead that provides a fictional account of the lives of six children on the day of the bombings of the London public transport system on 7 July 2005. The drama combines fictional elements and archive footage from television and radio to document the effect the events had on the children. The programme's creation is the result from the correspondence the CBBC website received following the events, from children struggling to come to terms with it. In the early development of the show, the creators visited schools and people from charities like ChildLine, who had talked to children about the subject, to find out which themes and issues the programme needed to address to properly respond to the questions raised by children. The programme was filmed on location in London and at Islington Green School. Several of its students were extras during filming.
In the press release announcing the programme, executive producer Mark Redhead said:
The racial and religious tension described becomes apparent when the Muslim character Ayesha is not allowed on the bus by the bus driver because Muslim extremists are suspected to be involved in the attack. Another character, Ben, goes to find his father who travels through one of the affected stations, Liverpool Street tube station, on a daily basis.
The programme was broadcast on BBC2 exactly a year after the events it was based, on at 16:30 local time. It was later repeated on the CBBC Channel on Sunday 9 July 2006 at 18:00 local time. The programme is the first fictionalized account of the attacks in the history of British children's television. The programme was repeated on the second anniversary of the bombings on the CBBC Channel at 17:00 local time and on 25 November 2007 the programme received a Children's BAFTA in the category Best Drama.
Plot.
In the morning Jack Brodie, a judo brown belt who just moved to London from Cleethorpes, learns London has won the bid to host the 2012 Olympics. Unfortunately, his mood and his first day at his new school are quickly ruined when he learns the London Underground has been bombed. His new-found friend Ben leaves school property in search of his father who may be at one of the attacked stations. Jack follows him.
As soon as the school staff learn about the attacks through a phone call from a concerned parent, the trip to a music competition is immediately cancelled and the music teacher convinces the students to practice in the music room until they can leave. Muslim Bass Guitar player Ayesha has been the focus of bully Kelly Davies since the start of the day when she accidentally bumped into her and made her drop her mobile phone. Kelly and her friend Marie start to taunt Ayesha and her friend Mike, saying that they're an item. This culminates in Kelly stealing Ayesha's brand new mobile phone. She warns her not to tell anyone or she'll be 'sorrier than she can dream'. However, Mike tells their teacher and gets Kelly punished. Ayesha is angry with him for the rest of the day and only forgives him when they're on their way home.
Kelly turns on Marie when she shows remorse for joining her in bullying Ayesha and throws her book out of the window.
Jack and Ben are still intent on finding Liverpool Street station where Ben's dad works. When they enter a shop to ask for directions, a man agrees to take them there. When he attempts to mug Ben, Jack uses his judo skills to trip him up and the two boys run for their lives.
The entire class is waiting for the bus, but upon seeing Ayesha and her sister Jamilia, the driver makes a comment about not having their jihad on his bus , closes the doors and drives off, leaving most of the kids out on the street. Kelly starts picking on Ayesha again, until Marie finally snaps at her telling her how stupid she is. Kelly turns away and walks home angrily. Ayesha, Mike and Jamilia walk the other way, discussing the mad and bitter bus driver.
Ben eventually finds his dad, who's covered in patches of soot and blood stains; he was travelling on one of the bombed underground trains and was one carriage down from the explosion. He's still in shock from what he's observed and most of his clothes are damaged by fire and shrapnel. He stops at a café and tells them he had to make a statement due to being so close to bomb. The carnage and devastation he's been made to see of those dying, dead and mutilated prove too much and he breaks down in tears as Ben and Jack look on taken aback of seeing Ben's dad crying. Eventually Ben, his dad and Jack go back to their homes. Jack's mum walks into her son's room to see him tearing up a newspaper with the Olympic rings on them and says that London won't always be like this. Jack sticks the picture on the wall and says that he thinks he's going to like it here.

</doc>
<doc id="5851788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851788" title="Kovylkino">
Kovylkino

Kovylkino (; ) is a town in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia, located southwest of Saransk on the left bank of the Moksha River (a tributary of the Oka). Population: 
History.
Town status was granted to it in 1960.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Kovylkino serves as the administrative center of Kovylkinsky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is, together with the settlement of Sosnovy Bor, incorporated separately as the town of republic significance of Kovylkino—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the town of republic significance of Kovylkino is incorporated within Kovylkinsky Municipal District as Kovylkino Urban Settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="5851797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851797" title="Rubén Xaus">
Rubén Xaus

Rubén Xaus (born 18 February 1978 in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain) is a retired motorcycle road racer. During his career he competed in both the Superbike World Championship and the MotoGP. He is nicknamed 'Spider-Man', as his lanky frame leads him to hang over the bike in an unusual way.
Early years.
His father, who competed in amateur mountain bicycle races, gave Xaus his first motorcycle at the age of five, a Montesa 25cc. Aged 14 he was racing dirt-bikes, but his father convinced him to turn his attentions towards road racing. Xaus took part in the 125cc Catalan Championship, the 125cc Solo Moto Criterium, and that same year he took victory in the 80cc Catalonia Supermoto Championship.
In 1994 he competed in the Open Ducados Supersport series in Spain – finishing 17th place, improving to third the following year. In 1995 he entered the FIM Thunderbike trophy and contested four 250cc Grand Prix. Xaus finished sixth in Thunderbike in 1996, moving to World Supersport in 1997 taking 17th overall.
In 1998 he rode in the German Pro-Superbike series, taking sixth place overall. In he finished fifth in the Supersport World Championship, taking his first ever victory at Misano. In he rode one of the official Ducati factory team Supersport bikes, finishing seventh and taking one victory.
Superbikes.
For he moved to the factory Ducati Superbike team in partnership with then-champion Troy Bayliss. He struggled early in the season, with a best result of 5th from the first 8 meetings. However, in race 2 at Oschersleben he became the first Spaniard ever to take victory in the Superbike World Championship. A pair of 2nds at Assen (helping Bayliss to clinch the title) and a second win at Imola gave him sixth in the championship. Sixth place in was followed by fifteen podiums and seven victories in , finishing runner up to team mate Neil Hodgson
MotoGP.
Xaus made his move into the MotoGP World Championship in 2004 as part of the satellite D'Antin Ducati team. The team was grossly under funded and could not afford testing time, but Xaus adapted better to the situation than team mate Hodgson. Consistent points-scoring performances and a first podium at Qatar saw him snap up the ‘Rookie of the Year’ title and 11th place overall in the championship standings. In 2005 he moved to the Fortuna Yamaha Team to ride alongside his friend Toni Elías. But a more pronounced power delivery and difficult chassis and Xaus's charging/forced riding style meant he looked a different rider to the one of 2004. He crashed numerous times, finishing 16th overall with a best finish of 10th [http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/motorsport/motorbikes/4375955.stm].
Superbikes part 2.
For he returned to the Superbike World Championship, with a ride for the new Italian satellite Ducati team Sterilgarda Berik, alongside team owner Marco Borciani. He twice set the fastest lap, but his fast charges often ended in crashes, and he was only 14th overall. 
He ended the season 6th with a total 201 points (next behind the former world champion Troy Corser), scoring the team's first victory in Valencia. 
For Xaus was joined by Max Biaggi on a Ducati 1098R for Sterilgarda-GoEleven, under the team management of Borciani. He finished 2nd in race 2 at the season-opening event in Qatar and took a victory at Misano in Race 2 in front of Biaggi and Bayliss, but has had no further podiums. At Donnington Park he believed he had finished 3rd in a race stopped by heavy rain, but found out immediately before the podium celebration that he had been disqualified for not returning to the pits quickly enough after crashing immediately before the race was stopped. He then refused to leave the podium and verbally assaulted the marshals, including the rider who inherited the third spot on the podium - his team-mate Max Biaggi[http://www.crash.net/motorsport/wsbk/news/168803-0/sterilgarda_apologise_for_xaus_behaviour.html]. With three rounds remaining he lies 10th in the standings.
On 26 June 2008, Xaus signed to ride the BMW S1000RR bike for the factory BMW Motorrad team in the 2009 WSB Championship.
Personal data.
On 16 March 2007 Xaus married long term partner Mariona. The wedding was held in Andorra, where the couple live with their daughter Julia, who was born in November 2006.
Xaus' hobbies include mountain biking, snowboarding and golf. He is 183 cm tall and weighs 74 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="5851817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851817" title="Krasnoslobodsk, Republic of Mordovia">
Krasnoslobodsk, Republic of Mordovia

Krasnoslobodsk (; ) is a town and the administrative center of Krasnoslobodsky District of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia, located west of Saransk on the left bank of the Moksha River (a tributary of the Oka). Population: 
History.
It has been known since 1571; town status was granted to it in 1780.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Krasnoslobodsk serves as the administrative center of Krasnoslobodsky District. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Krasnoslobodsky District as the town of district significance of Krasnoslobodsk. As a municipal division, the town of district significance of Krasnoslobodsk is incorporated within Krasnoslobodsky Municipal District as Krasnoslobodskoye Urban Settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="5851818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851818" title="Central Beijing Road">
Central Beijing Road

Central Beijing Road is a major thoroughfare in the city of Lhasa, the capital of the Tibet Autonomous Region which links the city to north-east Tibet and China.

</doc>
<doc id="5851827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851827" title="Mokbula Manzoor">
Mokbula Manzoor

Mokbula Manzoor (), (1938) is a modern Bangladeshi author and novelist.

</doc>
<doc id="5851850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851850" title="Blagoveshchensk, Republic of Bashkortostan">
Blagoveshchensk, Republic of Bashkortostan

Blagoveshchensk (; ) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located north of Ufa on the right bank of the Belaya River. Population: 
History.
It was founded in 1756 as a settlement serving the copper melting works and was granted town status in 1941.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Blagoveshchensk serves as the administrative center of Blagoveshchensky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is incorporated separately as the town of republic significance of Blagoveshchensk—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the town of republic significance of Blagoveshchensk is incorporated within Blagoveshchensky Municipal District as Blagoveshchensk Urban Settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="5851855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851855" title="ND-NOTIS">
ND-NOTIS

ND-NOTIS was a tightly integrated yet modular office automation suite by Norsk Data introduced in the early 80s, running on the SINTRAN III platform on both ND-100 and ND-500 architectures. It was also available on MS Windows running in networks of Norsk Data servers.
It was very successful, and was the main product line of the company for quite a while, cementing its position in the Norwegian government office automation market. It was also very popular in Germany and in the UK (local municipality, DHSS etc.) 
The NOTIS family of products was presented to the British Computing Society by Jeremy Salter. Roger Tagg et al. (BCS, End User SG, 1985) and endorsed as the BCS model for user interface. The same endorsement was awarded to NOTIS-IR as a model for information storage and retrieval. the European Commission published in 1985 NOTIS-IR as reference model for document and information search and retrieval.
Where it was offered it had no real competitors. There are still features and functionality that no other system supports - such as multilingual input and search.
Norsk Data also sold custom-made Tandberg Data TDV-2200 terminals as "NOTIS terminals" with special keys for text editing. Other terminals were "endorsed", provided new keycaps and branded as "NOTIS Terminals" - including the Facit "Twist" - that would show a page standing.
Components included:
General.
'NOTIS""' was unique then and still is. It captured the notion of different user interfaces, or terminals; and managed a common user interface for all applications that used the platform. So a key on the keyboard would in all applications "mean" the same. 
It relied on an interface system "User Environment" to hold in one place all user profile and preferences. That is everything from log-in name and password, language preference, application skills and user rights to see, edit and change document - or data in applications. It came as a full "Document management" package, with full support for workflow - which was used by 3rd party application software. 
Another first was multi-lingual support, - also part of the user interface. Regardless of where you logged on, the system would know of your preferences, and allow you to resume last task. The system also supported full editing from right to left. All deliveries to the Norwegian public sector required capability to use three language, and that in the same office, all three languages would be used, even in the same document. So to sell in its main market, it need multilingual support. That included all messages, error messages and user interaction. The error messages could also be adapter from "novice" to "expert".
An important "first" was the full support for SGML - or "S-code". This allow the text editor to be used to edit and view the first HTML documents created - on hardware running NOTIS. The alternate character set - "T-code" was the CCITT, now ITU T.56 standard character set - used in all television sets to show teletext/"Text TV". So, the systems had full support for semi-graphical input and display, but just a few terminals supported this. Beware that an important customer was CERN, where they at the end of the 1980s worked on what you are now using - the WWW. ND-NOTIS had full support for HTML at that time. 
The main "first" - WYSIWYG - What you see is what you get. In 1983, most text editors used "codes" that had to be inserted in the text, like "^p" meaning "paragraph.Even in the early days of text editors on Windows, most text systems were like that. However, NOTIS-WP, would show where the line ended and a new page started for a long time. The "Symbolic Graphic Markup Language" was developed as an international standard, and version 2 of this is the "Extended SGML" or XML that is approved by ODMA. 
The "back-end" to all these modules were also flexible. You had direct file system exposure - that included network mounted files. However, with "NOTIS-DS" it included "Document Storage" and management - a full Electronic Document Management System (as found in systems such as Documentum and OpenText's Livelink today). The EDMS was based on a generic software interface, but only SIBAS was used commercially. This allowed fully localisation transparent document storage and retrieval. That of course demanded NOTIS-IR to search in all the documents. Software today used to power both Google and Altavista.
NOTIS-ID was a "special" NOTIS-DS, with restricted functionality, in that this would interface to "mail" exchanges only. So if you stored a document to an email-recipient, you sent an email. Likewise, if you received an email, this would appear in your mail-count, and you could read it in NOTIS-WP like any other document.
Norsk Data needed "NOTIS" to avoid duplicating applications. So the software was used in professional text production systems, for newspaper and magazine production - by "NORTEXT". It was reviewed a number of times here and found to be "best of breed" by e.g. the Seybold Report on newspaper systems. Hence demanding users were close to the developers - which may explain the success.
Applications beside Text and Document Management.
The list here will become endless since NOTIS was linked to three application generators - beside the Query part. All of these were fully capable of making large applications system, that could also update databases. The most successful link was to "Unique" - an application package developed outside Norsk Data to support SIBAS but later was enhanced to interface to a number of RDBMS. Unique was successful in the UK, implementing systems for the DHSS and local municipalities. The other platforms were "BIM" (Business Information Systems) and "ABM" (Application Building and Maintenance). A full interface was made to "Systemator" to provide full support to newspaper systems generated by this. Norsk Data marketed and sold the system as integrated with their offerings for the medical sector ("Infomedica") and hospital systems;- for local community in Scandinavia and the UK based on Unique(i.e.DIALOGUE-1); - for engineering documentation in Europe: CAD/CAM as Technovision and even to the F-16 Flight Simulator.
NOTIS-QL - also marketed by Norsk Data as "Access-1" (and presented to Microsoft under this name - so you wonder with very good reason), is still commercially available as "QBEvision". It has also been licensed under several names with full product sold by CA.
The NOTIS family was fully ported to Microsoft Windows, but was incredibly difficult to move with its huge customer base. For a time there were plans to include "Ami" into the family, to gain some market momentum - but its very difficult to move when your users do not want to make the change and are so happy with the way things are.
The "NOTIS" family was ported to Norsk Data NDIX Unix line, but here suffered because Unix had problems with coping with the key sequences required (terminfo/termcap was incomplete compared to the proprietary "VTM".). This is still used in telecommunication, all SMS messages use this character set.
External.
The NOTIS way of sorting was included in the first version of Sybase, which was acquired by Microsoft as DS1. This taught Microsoft to arrange sort sequences in Windows according to national character sets ("codepage").
NOTIS-WP was the testbed for SGML and HTML. A very visible remedy of NOTIS-WP is the font size parameter in HTML today: 1 for tiny 5 for huge right out of NOTIS-WP.
There is still no other system available that will grant you "only one user interface and make all into one system". You have to fill in the expense report in Oracle HR and type the letter summarising the reason for the expense in some other text editor. With Notis, you clicked on field for providing the information, and WP would fire up, allowing you to write the letter - not as in Wikipedia where you have to supply own mark-up, but with the document template ready. The complete document would then be stored in the application database, with the expense report data.
--KHF 00:52, 5 August 2013 (UTC)
References.
History_of_Norsk_Data

</doc>
<doc id="5851860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851860" title="Gemini (1999 film)">
Gemini (1999 film)

Gemini (also known as Sôseiji) is a 1999 horror film by Shinya Tsukamoto, loosely based on an Edogawa Ranpo story, which pursues his theme of the brutally physical and animalistic side of human beings rearing its ugly head underneath a civilized veneer, present in previous films like "" (1989) and "Tokyo Fist" (1995), in what is a new territory for Tsukamoto—a story set in the late Meiji era (1868–1912) with no stop-motion photography and no industrial setting.
Plot.
Tokyo. 1910. Dr. Daitokuji Yukio (Masahiro Motoki), a former military doctor who has taken over a successful practice from his father and treats plague victims, is living a charmed life: he is a respected young doctor with a successful practice and Rin (Ryo), a beautiful wife. His only problem is that she suffers from amnesia, and her past is unknown.
However, things begin to fall apart. Both his parents die suddenly, killed by a mysterious stranger who looks just like him. His relationship with his wife worsens after he chooses to cure the mayor instead of destitute denizens of nearby ghettos. While isolated from his relatives, he one day faces the mysterious stranger who turns out to be his long-lost rejected twin, Sutekichi (again Motoki). Bent on revenge, Sutekichi throws him into the garden's well and takes over his life and his wife.
The final conflict between the two brothers is realized when Yukio, forced into an animalistic existence in the well, reemerges, prompting the fratricidal fight for the love of the same woman, since it turns out (while he takes over Yukio's role) that Rin had actually once been Sutekichi's lover.
Documentary.
A behind the scenes documentary was produced and directed by Takashi Miike. The documentary is 17 minutes long.[http://imdb.com/title/tt0304853/]

</doc>
<doc id="5851874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851874" title="Svobodny, Amur Oblast">
Svobodny, Amur Oblast

Svobodny () is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia, located north of Blagoveshchensk on the right bank of the Zeya River. Population: 63,889 (2002 Census); 
History.
It was founded in 1912 in conjunction with the construction of the Amur Railway (the Trans-Siberian Railway's "bypass" route, which was to provide a railway connection from European Russia to the Pacific entirely over the Russian soil, without crossing the north-eastern China). It was originally named "Alexeyevsk", in honor of the then crown prince Alexey. After the abdication of Tsar Nicholas II following the February Revolution, the town was renamed Svobodny, Russian for "free".
During the Stalin era, the "BAMLag" prison camp was built in Svobodny, with the intention of providing forced labor for the planned construction of the Baikal-Amur Mainline. The camp became one of the largest in the gulag system, with ca. 190,300 convicts in October 1935. The camp claimed the lives of thousands of political and clerical prisoners.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Svodobny serves as the administrative center of Svobodnensky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is incorporated separately as Svobodny Urban Okrug—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, this administrative unit also has urban okrug status.
Economy.
The town is home to factories producing machinery and furniture, as well as the administrative center for mining operations in the region, including the gold mining concern "Amurzoloto".
Transportation.
The town is an important transportation hub for both rail and river traffic, with two railway stations on the Trans-Siberian Railway including rolling-stock repair facilities, and a river port on the Zeya.
It is served by the Svobodny Airport and is near the Orlovka interceptor air base and other locations maintained by the Russian Air Force.
Notable people.
The town is the birthplace of the movie director Leonid Gayday, whose memorial was unveiled in September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5851877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851877" title="Elsewhere for 8 Minutes">
Elsewhere for 8 Minutes

Elsewhere for 8 Minutes is the debut album by Australian band Something for Kate. It was released in 1997 on Murmur. The name is a reference to the time it takes light travelling from the sun to reach planet earth. The band recorded the album at York St Studios in Auckland, New Zealand with producer Brian Paulson, whose previous credits included Wilco, Slint and Son Volt. Frontman Paul Dempsey said the band chose to record overseas to avoid being interrupted. "And it was cost-effective as well," he said. "The Australian dollar was better, the studio was fantastic–it just all worked out. And we didn't want to be in Melbourne." Bassist Julian Carroll, who had already decided to leave the band, remained for the recording but left soon after its completion.
A single, "Captain (Million Miles An Hour)" preceded the album's July release, receiving heavy airplay on the Triple J radio network and making it to #39 in the station's Hottest 100 for the year. Three other singles were released: "Prick" "Working Against Me" and "Roll Credit". 

</doc>
<doc id="5851894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851894" title="Fitchburg Cutoff Path">
Fitchburg Cutoff Path

The Fitchburg Cutoff Path is a short multi-use rail trail located in suburban Boston, Massachusetts. 
The 0.8 mile (1.2 km) path runs from Brighton Street in Belmont, Massachusetts to the Alewife station at the northern end of the MBTA Red Line in Cambridge. At its Cambridge terminus, the trail connects with three other multi-use paths—the Minuteman Bikeway, the Alewife Brook path and the Cambridge Linear Park, which, in turn, leads to the Somerville Community Path. 
The Fitchburg Cutoff Path largely runs through Alewife Brook Reservation, with several side paths through the reservation leading to the Little River and a nearby industrial park. The trail starts at a new pedestrian bridge just northwest of the Alewife station, across the street from the south end of the Minuteman Path. The western trail head is marked by small signs, just north of where the MBTA rail line crosses Brighton Street. The west end is served by the MBTA #78 bus, with a stop just south of the railroad tracks.
The path underwent a $4.67M upgrade for the path, including a new pedestrian bridge at Alewife. The path was temporarily closed for construction on September 1, 2010. The new bridge and the eastern part of the path reopened on August 23, 2013 after the construction of a storm water management wetland near Alewife Station.
The proposed Mass Central Rail-Trail would represent an extension to Northampton, Massachusetts.
In April 2014, state officials announced that the Somerville Community Path will be extended alongside the Green Line Extension, creating a continuous route from the Fitchburg Cutoff Path via the Alewife Linear Park to Boston’s Charles River Bike Path.
History.
The path follows a minor portion of the right-of-way of an abandoned rail line known as the Fitchburg Cutoff or B&M Freight Cutoff (reflecting its acquisition by the Boston and Maine Railroad). The freight cutoff linked the Fitchburg Railroad main line (now the MBTA Fitchburg Line) with the Boston and Lowell Railroad main line (now the MBTA Lowell Line). It ran from the Fitchburg Line near Brighton Street, Belmont, crossed the Lexington and Arlington Railroad at what is now the northwestern corner of Alewife Station, passed through Davis Square (West Somerville), and connected with the Lowell Line at Somerville Junction (with a station at the present-day park near Centre and Woodbine Streets).
The main portion (between Alewife and Somerville Junction) had been constructed by the Boston and Lowell Railroad to connect its main line to the Lexington and Arlington Railroad; the remainder west of Alewife forms what is now known as the Fitchburg Cutoff Path. Except for deviation in the first quarter mile east of Alewife, the right-of-way between Alewife and Davis Square became the underground Red Line (MBTA) extension in the 1980s. Portions of the surface between Alewife and the Lowell Line (including over the Red Line) have been turned into the Cambridge Linear Park and the Somerville Community Path, and the remainder is slated to become an eastward extension of the Community Path.

</doc>
<doc id="5851898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851898" title="Ulmus uyematsui">
Ulmus uyematsui

Ulmus uyematsui Hayata, commonly known as the Alishan Elm, is endemic to the forests (elevation ) of Alishan, Chiayi County central Taiwan, where it is considered one of the minor tree species. The tree was first named and described by the Japanese botanist Bunzō Hayata in 1913, in the aftermath of the First Sino-Japanese War, when Formosa (now Taiwan) was ceded to Japan.
Description.
The tree grows to a height of , with a d.b.h. to . The bark is grey, longitudinally fissured, and exfoliates in irregular flakes. The branchlets are brown, glabrous, though pubescent when young, and devoid of corky wings. The largely glabrous leaves are elliptic to oblong-elliptic 5–11 × 3–4.5 cm wide, typically caudate at the apex; the margins are doubly-serrate Unlike most elms, the leaves are equal at the base, have short (2–6 mm) petioles, and are flushed dark-red on emergence.The perfect wind-pollinated apetalous flowers appear on second-year shoots in February, the obovate to orbicular samarae, 10–15 × 8–10 mm in March.
Hayata considered the tree similar to "Ulmus castaneifolia", differing only in the much thinner leaves, and absence of pubescence on the axils of the primary lateral veins. 
Pests and diseases.
No information available.
Cultivation.
"U. uyematsui" is rare in cultivation beyond Taiwan, although it was introduced to commerce in the Netherlands in 2011. "U. uyematsui" was selected as one of eight tree species considered hardy enough to survive in the ecological reclamation of the Wujiazi iron mine north-east of Beijing in Liaoning Province, China, where winter temperatures fall as low as .
However, in England the species succumbed to prolonged waterlogging on clay soils overwinter.
Etymology.
The species is named for K. Uyematsu, who collected the plant in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="5851900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851900" title="Elizabeth Coatsworth">
Elizabeth Coatsworth

Elizabeth Jane Coatsworth (May 31, 1893 – August 31, 1986) was an American writer of fiction and poetry for children and adults. She won the 1931 Newbery Medal from the American Library Association award recognizing "The Cat Who Went to Heaven" as the previous year's "most distinguished contribution to American literature for children." In 1968 she was a highly commended runner-up for the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award for children's writers.
Life.
Elizabeth Coatsworth was born May 31, 1893, to Ida Reid and William T. Coatsworth, a prosperous grain merchant in Buffalo, New York. Coatsworth attended Buffalo Seminary, a private girl's school, and spent summers with her family on the Canadian shore of Lake Erie. She began traveling as a child, vising the Alps and Egypt at age five. Coatsworth graduated from Vassar College in 1915 as Salutatorian. In 1916 she received a Master of Arts from Columbia University. She then traveled to the Orient, riding horseback through the Philippines, exploring Indonesia and China, and sleeping in a Buddhist monastery. These travels would later influence her writing.
In 1929, she married writer Henry Beston, with whom she had two daughters, Margaret and Catherine. They lived at Hingham, Massachusetts, and Chimney Farm, Maine.
Elizabeth Coatsworth died at her home in Nobleboro, Maine, August 31, 1986. Her papers are held in the Kerlan Collection at the University of Minnesota and Bowdoin College, Brunswick, Maine, with a small archive from late in her career in the de Grummond Collection at the University of Southern Mississippi.
Career.
Coatsworth began her career publishing her poetry in magazines. Her first book was a poetry collection for adults, "Fox Footprints", in 1923. A conversation with her friend, Louise Seaman, who had just founded the first children's book publishing department in the United States at Macmillan, led Coatsworth to write her first children's book, "The Cat and the Captain". In 1930 "The Cat Who Went to Heaven" appeared. The story of an artist who is painting a picture of Buddha for a group of monks, it won the Newbery Medal for "the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children".
"Twentieth-Century Children's Writers" says "Coatsworth reached her apogee in her nature writing, notably"The Incredible Tales"". These four books were published for adults in the 1950s. They tell the story of the Pedrys, a family living in the forests of northern Maine who may not be entirely human.
Coatsworth had a long career, publishing over 90 books from 1927 to her autobiography and final book in 1976.
Selected works.
For children.
The five historical novels featuring "Sally" were all illustrated by Helen Sewell and published by Macmillan US.

</doc>
<doc id="5851911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851911" title="Kok River">
Kok River

The Kok River (, , ) flows in Southeast Asia.
Course.
The river originates in the Daen Lao Range, Shan State, Burma. It flows eastwards across the Burma-Thailand border, coming in at the Thai border town of Taton (most often spelled Thathon). It flows to Mae Ai district, Chiang Mai Province. Most of its length in Thailand is in Chiang Rai Province where it passes Mueang Chiang Rai District after which it bends northeastwards and flows through Mae Chan, Wiang Chai and Chiang Saen districts.
It is a wide, shallow, and slow-moving river. There is about 600 meters of small-scale white water halfway between the towns of Taton and Chiang Rai. Alongside the Mae Kok river, an hour's boat ride upstream from Chiang Rai town, is an touristy 'elephant camp' on its north shore.
For several kilometres downriver from Chiang Rai, the river becomes a lake, until it reaches the irrigation dam near Wiang Chai.
The Kok River is a tributary of the Mekong River, with its mouth at Sop Kok in Chiang Saen district, opposite the Lao border.
Phahonyothin Road crosses this river near Chiang Rai City. Altogether, there are five bridges crossing the Mae Kok river near Chiang Rai city.
Tributaries.
The main tributaries of the Kok River are the Fang and the Lao River, the latter having its source in the Phi Pan Nam Range.
Boating and rafting.
Small long-tail boats ply the Mae Kok between the towns of Taton and Chiang Rai. Boomerang Park is gearing up to start, in 2013, to offer low-cost rafting trips along the Mae Kok River.
Dams.
There is a small dam with 11 gates which provides irrigation for rice fields east of Chiang Rai. The dam is 7 miles east of the Hwy 1 bridge. It turns the river into a several mile long lake for 8 months of the year. Additionally, there is a dam planned on the Burmese side of where the river flows in to Thailand - about 20 miles upstream from the border.
"Top Gear".
In October 2013 the cast and crew of the British television show "Top Gear" constructed a bridge over the River Kok as part of their Burma Special. The bridge was originally planned to be built over the River Kwai but the Kok was chosen 'accidentally'. The show aired in two parts on 9 March 2014 and 16 March 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5851919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851919" title="Aldeia do Mato">
Aldeia do Mato

Aldeia do Mato is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Abrantes, in Santarém District, Portugal. In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish Aldeia do Mato e Souto. The population in 2011 was 441, in an area of 31.68 km².
History.
The parish had its beginning in the 13th century, when the area was then referred to as "Aldeia da Mata", and recognized for the quantity of wood gathered in the district ("aldeia da mata" is Portuguese for "hamlet of the hinterland"). It was also recognized for the land rents obtained from cultivation and harvesting of olive and pine trees.
The parochial church, dedicated to Santa Maria Madalena had its origin in the 18th century.
A marble cross was located near the two fountains of São João and São José, and later restored in 1850.
The construction of the "Barregem do Castelo do Bode" ("Castelo do Bode Dam") in 1951, caused the disappearance of the fields of olive trees which were lost to make way for the new reservoir.
Geography.
The parish is located in the northeastern part of the municipality, neighboring the parishes of Souto (to the northeast and east), Martinchel (to the west), São Vicente (in the east) and Rio de Moinhos (along the west) and with the municipalities of Tomar (to the north) and Constância (to the east).
Economy.
Between 50-60 percent of the lands in the parish remain dedicated to cultivation of trees for harvesting, primarily pine but gradually eucalyptus, for its rapid growth.
Culture.
The region is known for its culinary; in addition to several restaurants, the local peoples of the region are known for their "broas de santos" and "bolo de fugas".
Locally, the annual festival season is marked by the festival of Aldeia do Mato (on the last weekend of July), Cabeça Gorda (the second weekend of August), and the festival of Carreira do Mato (fourth weekend in August).

</doc>
<doc id="5851920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851920" title="Area codes 303 and 720">
Area codes 303 and 720

Area codes 303 and 720 are telephone area codes serving the north-central portion of the state of Colorado. They cover Denver, Lakewood, Littleton, Boulder, Longmont, Aurora, Castle Rock and most of the Front Range. Area code 303 is the main area code, while area code 720 is an overlay, meaning that the same physical service area is served by both area codes (303 and 720) and that ten-digit dialing is required for all calls made within the service area.
Area code 303 was one of the original area codes put into service in 1947, and originally covered the entire state of Colorado. However, due to Colorado's explosive growth during the second half of the 20th century (particularly in the Denver area), an impending number shortage made a split necessary. On March 5, 1988, southeastern Colorado became area code 719. The northeastern and western portions of area code 303 switched to area code 970 on April 2, 1995, leaving area code 303 to cover its current area.
The 1995 split was intended as a long-term solution. However, within two years 303 was close to exhaustion once again. The Front Range is home not only to most of Colorado's landlines, but also most of the state's cell phones, fax machines and pagers. To solve this problem, 720 was activated as an overlay on June 1, 1998.
With the exception of the Roggen area, which has local calling only with itself, Brighton and Wiggins, the entire 303/720 area is a local calling zone, meaning no long-distance charges are applied to any calls made from one phone to another within the area.
With the exception mentioned above, all users in the 303/720 area code must dial all ten digits to reach a destination phone, even if that phone is next door. Some users in the area have shortened the two area codes to a single digit with a slash for easy writing. So 303-555-1212 is written down as 3/555-1212. Since 303 is the dominant (and older) area code, if a number appears without an area code it is generally assumed to be 303.
See also.
List of Colorado area codes

</doc>
<doc id="5851925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851925" title="German submarine U-193">
German submarine U-193

German submarine "U-193" was a Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" built during World War II for service in the Atlantic Ocean. 
The submarine was laid down on 22 December 1941 at the AG Weser yard in Bremen as 'werk' 1039. She was launched on 24 August 1942 and commissioned on 10 December under the command of "Korvettenkapitän" Hans Paukstadt.
She was a member of two wolfpacks and carried out four war patrols in which she sank one ship, before being lost herself in the Bay of Biscay in April 1944.
Operational history.
1st patrol.
The boat's first patrol was preceded by a short trip from Kiel in Germany to Bergen in Norway in May 1943. She then left the Nordic port on 22 May, heading west. She negotiated the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands and entered the Atlantic Ocean.
She did not encounter any Allied shipping, and failed to find her first victory. An unidentified aircraft attacked "U-193" south of the Canary Islands on 6 July, wounding two men and destroying the Metox radar detection equipment.
The submarine entered Bordeaux in occupied France, on 23 July.
2nd and 3rd patrols.
"U-193"s second foray began with her departure from La Pallice, (she had moved there in September), on 12 October 1943. Moving to the Gulf of Mexico, she sank the independently-sailing 10,000 ton American oil tanker TS "Touchet" west of Florida with the loss of ten of her crew. The remainder of the patrol was a failure however, as a combination of dud torpedoes, well-organized convoys and effective counter-measures combined to prevent the boat gaining a single hit. 
As the second patrol came to an end in February 1944 after five frustrating months at sea, "U-193" caused an international incident following an attack by Allied aircraft and convoy escorts off the Spanish coast. In her desperate attempts to escape, she dived straight into the seabed, causing serious damage to the boat. Knowing a journey to a German-held port was now impossible, her captain, Hans Pauckstadt, decided to intern his boat in Ferrol, Spain. Under international law, if "U-193" remained in the neutral harbour for more than 24 hours, then the Spanish authorities were obliged to detain the submarine for the remainder of hostilities. This did not occur, "U-193" stayed in Ferrol for ten days whilst Spanish workmen performed superficial repairs to the U-boat. 
"U-193" then left the port despite Allied protests and returned to La Pallice in France, where more extensive repairs were completed and Paukstadt was replaced by "Kplt." Dr. Ulrich Abel. This six-day passage is often listed as "U-193"s 'third' patrol, although there was no intention of operating against Allied shipping.
4th patrol.
Following repairs, "U-193" departed on her fourth and final patrol and was never heard from again. Her loss remains a mystery. A post-war assessment states that on the 28 April 1944, she was seen and attacked by a British Royal Air Force Vickers Wellington bomber of No. 612 Squadron RAF, whose depth charges sank the boat with all 59 hands not far from Nantes. This attack was actually against , inflicting no damage.

</doc>
<doc id="5851930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851930" title="Nuffield Oxford Taxi">
Nuffield Oxford Taxi

The Nuffield Oxford Taxi, often referred to as the Wolseley Oxford Taxi was the first new taxicab designed to comply with the Metropolitan Police Conditions of Fitness for London taxicabs to be launched on the British market after the end of the Second World War.
Royal wedding.
The Oxford was introduced at the Commercial Motor Exhibition of 1947, and a fleet of new cabs served to carry guests from the wedding of Princess Elizabeth and Philip Mountbatten (now Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh) at Westminster Abbey in November of that year.
Design.
The prototype, designed by Morris-Commercial, registration number EOM 844 was built in 1940 and was fitted with a landaulette body by Jones Brothers of Westbourne Grove, London. It accumulated a recorded 300,000 miles (480,000 km) in tests throughout the Second World War.
New regulations.
Changes in the Conditions of Fitness after the Second World War banned the landaulette style of body and the production vehicle was fitted with a fixed head body, of pressed steel over a wood frame. With its limousine configuration and open luggage platform beside the driver, it was in every other respect the same style as all previous London taxis. It was the last new design to be launched at the historic Ward End, Birmingham, plant which had been Wolseley's home since 1919.
Specification.
It was powered by a straight-4 1802 cc petrol engine with a dry sump, based on an industrial version of an engine used in pre-war Morris and MG cars, The gearbox had four speeds with synchromesh on second, third and top. The brakes were mechanically operated by rods and the back axle was worm gear driven. A four-door hire car version was also made.
Manufacture and distribution.
Production was transferred to Nuffield's Adderley Park factory in 1948, and continued until 1953. The previous year, Nuffield had merged with Austin to form the British Motor Corporation, and the new management, headed by Leonard Lord axed the Oxford in favour of the Austin FX3, which had been launched in 1948. Beardmore Motors would go on to produce a cab of their own once more.
Manufactured.
A total of 1,926 of all models were made.
Distribution, sales and servicing were carried out by Beardmore Motors of Hendon. Beardmore, once a part of William Beardmore and Company had been taxi makers since 1919, but had ceased production of their last model before the outbreak of war.
Revisions.
Three models were produced, each a detail improvement of the previous. The Series I of 1947 had artillery wheels. The Series II, introduced in 1949 had pressed steel wheels and the Series III of 1950 had what was, in effect a six light body, although of course the luggage platform had no door and thus no window.
Wolseley.
Note: The Oxford is thought by many to be a Wolseley model, as it was designed and first built at the Wolseley factory at Ward End, but the manufacturer's name as recognised by the DVLA, and shown on the Road Fund Licence ('tax') disc and V5 registration document is Nuffield.

</doc>
<doc id="5851932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851932" title="Zakamensk">
Zakamensk

Zakamensk (; ) is a town and the administrative center of Zakamensky District of the Republic of Buryatia, Russia, located on the Dzhida River southwest of Ulan-Ude and from the Mongolia–Russia border. Population: 
History.
It was founded in 1893 as a mining settlement under the name of Gorodok. Mining of the local tungsten and molybdenum reserves began in 1933. Town status was granted to it in 1944. It was renamed Zakamensk in 1959, from the Russian term "Zakamen" which had been used for the region since the 17th century. The word means "beyond the rocks" in Russian, referring to its location beyond the Chamar-Daban mountains.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Zakamensk serves as the administrative center of Zakamensky District. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Zakamensky District as the Town of Zakamensk. As a municipal division, the Town of Zakamensk is incorporated within Zakamensky Municipal District as Zakamensk Urban Settlement.
Economy and transportation.
The town's economy relies mainly on the mining and processing of metal ores, which are then mainly transported to smelters in the Ural Mountains. There is road from Zakamensk to Dzhida railway station, to the east on the Trans-Mongolian Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="5851933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851933" title="Tour of Belgium">
Tour of Belgium

The Tour of Belgium (Ronde van België/Tour de Belgique) is a five-day bicycle race which is held annually in Belgium.
It was held annually between 1908 and 1981, except during both world wars. Between 1982 and 1990 several of races were not organised and none at all during the decade 1991 to 2001. From 2002 onwards the race has again become an annual fixture on the cycling calendar.
Following the start of the UCI ProTour in 2005 it looked like the race would merge with the Eneco Tour; however this has not happened and it is now one of the UCI Europe Tour competition.
Winners.
Ten riders have managed to win the Tour of Belgium more than once:

</doc>
<doc id="5851945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851945" title="Alferrarede">
Alferrarede

Alferrarede is a town and a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Abrantes, in Santarém District, Portugal. In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish Abrantes (São Vicente e São João) e Alferrarede. The population in 2011 was 3,884, in an area of 24.06 km².
History.
The toponomic name "Alferrarede" was derived from the latin "gypseptum" or "ferratum" referring to iron mines. As established by the local historical society and municipal chamber, which indicated that there "existed some mines in these sites, officially registered"; although, to this date, there have been no signs or remnants of mines in the region.
Geography.
Located near the centre of the municipality, Alferrarede was neighbors with the municipality of Sardoal (in the northeast), and the parishes of Mouriscas (in the east), Pego (in the southeast), São João (in the southwest) and São Vicente (in the west). The right margin of the Tagus River make frontier with Alferrarede and Pego.

</doc>
<doc id="5851956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851956" title="Acta sanctorum in Selio">
Acta sanctorum in Selio

Acta sanctorum in Selio is a Latin hagiographical work on Sunniva and the other saints of Selja. It is believed to have been composed shortly after 1170. Oddr Snorrason made use of it in his Latin "Óláfs saga Tryggvasonar".
The text tells the story of Sunniva, an Irish princess who flees her native land with a group of followers. They settle the previously uninhabited islands of Selja and Kinn in Norway during the rule of the pagan Jarl Hákon Sigurðarson. Their Norwegian neighbors on the mainland suspect the Christians of stealing sheep and complain to Jarl Hákon. Hákon arrives on Selja with a group of armed men, intending to kill the inhabitants. When the Christians realize what is happening they hide in caves on the island and pray to God to collapse the caves to spare them from being ravaged by Hákon and his men. The caves collapse and kill all the Irishmen.
In the following years a miraculous light is seen on the island. The Christian king Óláfr Tryggvason investigates the island and finds the bones of the martyrs and the completely undamaged body of Sunniva. A church is erected on the island. In 1170 the relics are transferred to Bergen.

</doc>
<doc id="5851958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851958" title="Severobaykalsk">
Severobaykalsk

Severobaykalsk (; , "Khojto-Bajgal") is a town in the Republic of Buryatia, Russia, located on the northern end of Lake Baikal at the mouth of the Tyya River, northwest of Ulan-Ude and northeast of Irkutsk. Population: 
Geography.
Severobaykalsk is located on a plateau at the northern end of Lake Baikal at the mouth of the Tyya River. To the west the town is surrounded by the Baikal Mountains, to the northeast by the Stanovoy Range. Severobaykalsk is geographically isolated, the closest town is Ust-Kut, more than away. The closest large cities are Ulan-Ude, to the southeast and Irkutsk, more than to the southwest.
History.
The history of Severobaykalsk is closely related to the history of the Baikal-Amur Mainline (BAM). It was founded in 1974 as a work settlement for workers constructing the BAM, serving as a logistics center and a central starting point for the railway project. To the west the railway line was developed to Bratsk and to the east to Tynda. At this time the only settlement in the area was the village Nizhneangarsk, located at the edge of a swampy plain at the northern tip of the lake. It was decided to develop the new town Severobaykalsk southwest of Nizhneangarsk on a plateau above the lake, thus allowing further extensions and development in the future. Originally it was planned to increase the population to 140,000 people.
The first volunteers of the Komsomol and workers arrived in 1974 and founded a work camp that would later become the town of Severobaykalsk. The camp was initially named Novogodny (, lit. "New Year") and consisted of tents, wooden shacks and railway cars. The camp grew rapidly with the development of the railway, and Severobaykalsk was eventually granted town status in 1980. During this time until official completion of the railway line in 1984 the town had a partnership with Leningrad. Since completion of the Baikal Amur Mainline the town has been in decline, with many projects cancelled during Perestroika.
Population reached a high with an estimated 35,000 inhabitants in the 1980s and subsequently declined. As the town was founded mostly by volunteers of the Komsomol the population is relatively young. Ninety percent of the population is Russian Orthodox and ten percent are Buryats.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is incorporated as the town of republic significance of Severobaykalsk—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the town of republic significance of Severobaykalsk is incorporated as Severobaykalsk Urban Okrug.
Climate.
As a Siberian town, Severobaykalsk experiences a subarctic climate, characterized by extreme variation of temperatures between seasons. Temperatures can be very warm in the summer, and brutally cold in the winter. The warmest month of the year in Severobaykalsk is July, when the mean temperature is . The coldest month of the year is January, when the mean temperature is only .
Cityscape.
Like most Soviet-planned cities, the town center is dominated by five to six floor high rise buildings made of prefabricated concrete panels. Because the northern region of Lake Baikal is in a seismically active region the standard design of the high rise buildings has been adapted to ensure greater resistance to earthquakes. The suburbs are dominated by shacks that trace back to the early foundation period when Severobaykalsk was a work camp. Some of these shacks are made of old railway cars.
The main street of Severobaykalsk is Leningradsky Avenue, which starts at the railway station and runs through the central area of the town. The railway station is shaped similar to a sail and was designed by architects from Leningrad. In front of the railway station is a monument to volunteers and workers from Leningrad who built the town. North of the railway station, along Leningradsky Avenue is the main square, where the town administration and the Palace of Culture of the railway workers are located. Severobaykalsk also has a church and a museum dedicated to the history of the Baikal Amur Mainline.
Transportation.
Severobaykalsk is connected by the Baikal-Amur Mainline to Bratsk and Tayshet in the west and Tynda and Komsomolsk-on-Amur and in the east. In the summer Voskhod hydrofoils connect Severobaykalsk with Irkutsk via Port Baikal. By air Severobaykalsk is connected with Irkutsk and Ulan-Ude via Nizhneangarsk Airport located north of the town. There are no road connections to the outside world.

</doc>
<doc id="5851962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851962" title="Penny Mallory">
Penny Mallory

Penny Durban Mallory (born 1966) was the first woman in the world to drive a World Rally Car, a rally car specification introduced in 1997.
Mallory became National Ladies Champion Rally Driver in 1993 and went on to be one of the UK’s top rally drivers. Prior to that, she was a graphic designer.
She also worked as a precision stunt driver, playing both ‘Papa and Nicole’ in one of the famous Renault Clio commercials.
Mallory is also a television presenter; she co-anchored Channel 4's motoring programme "Driven" alongside Mike Brewer and Jason Plato and "Accident Black Spot". She also co-hosted with Jason Dawe on the "Used Car Roadshow", which is broadcast on ITV4 and Men & Motors. She presented "Classic Car Club" for Discovery with Edd China, Tony Mason and Alex Riley. She also co-presented Channel 4's World Rally Championship programme until it was taken over by ITV in 2004. Mallory used to run her own bed and breakfast.

</doc>
<doc id="5851964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851964" title="Bemposta (Abrantes)">
Bemposta (Abrantes)

Bemposta is a Portuguese parish, located in Abrantes Municipality, in Santarém District. The parish has a population of 2,252 inhabitants and a total area of 187.73 km².
The parish is by far the largest in the municipality, however, it is only the 6th when ranked by population, therefore, it is the least densely populated.

</doc>
<doc id="5851967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851967" title="Area code 772">
Area code 772

Area code 772 serves the Treasure Coast of the state of Florida. It covers Sebastian, Fellsmere, Vero Beach, Fort Pierce, Port St. Lucie, Jensen Beach, Stuart, Hobe Sound, Indiantown, and other areas in east central Florida. The area code split from the area code 561 when there was a need for more phone numbers (due in part to the increase of cell phone users). Notice that this area has been in area code 305, then 407, then 561, then 772.

</doc>
<doc id="5851976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851976" title="São Facundo e Vale das Mós">
São Facundo e Vale das Mós

São Facundo e Vale das Mós is a civil parish in the municipality of Abrantes, Portugal. It was formed in 2013 by the merger of the former parishes São Facundo and Vale das Mós. The population in 2011 was 1,515, in an area of 104.98 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5851980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851980" title="California Climate Action Registry">
California Climate Action Registry

The California Climate Action Registry was established by California statute as a non-profit voluntary registry for greenhouse gas emissions. The purpose of the Registry is to help companies and organizations with operations in the state to establish GHG emissions baselines against which any future GHG emission reduction requirements may be applied. The California Registry provides leadership on climate change by developing and promoting credible, accurate and consistent GHG reporting standards and tools for organizations to measure, monitor, third-party verify and reduce their GHG emissions consistently across industry sectors and geographical borders. In turn, the State of California offers its best efforts to ensure that California Registry members receive appropriate consideration for early action in light of future state, federal or international GHG regulatory programs.
It was created on October 13, 2001 when Gray Davis signed the legislation establishing it (Senate Bills 1771 and 527). The legislation was first introduced by Senator Byron Sher.

</doc>
<doc id="5851983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851983" title="Welcome to the N.H.K.">
Welcome to the N.H.K.

"Welcome to the N.H.K." was adapted into a manga series, also written by Takimoto, with art by Kendi Oiwa. The manga was serialized between June 2004 and June 2007 in Kadokawa Shoten's manga magazine "Shōnen Ace". The manga's forty chapters have been collected into eight bound volumes released in Japan and overseas. The English edition of the manga is published by Tokyopop, and the first volume was released in October 2006. The novel was also adapted into a twenty-four-episode anime television series by Gonzo which aired in Japan between July and December 2006. ADV Films announced at Anime Central that they acquired the English rights to the anime, and they released DVD volume one in October 2007 with volume two released in December 2007. In 2008, the anime became one of over thirty ADV titles acquired by Funimation Entertainment.
In Japan, "NHK" refers to the public broadcaster Nippon Hōsō Kyōkai, but within the series, the main character believes it stands for , which is a reference to the protagonist's claim of a subversive conspiracy led by NHK (the real-life broadcaster) to create hikikomori. While it mainly deals with the reclusive phenomenon of "hikikomori", the plot also explores many other Japanese subcultures—for example: "otaku", "lolicon", and Internet suicide pact. Despite the show's name, "Welcome to the N.H.K." was not broadcast on the NHK television channels, but it was syndicated throughout Japan, from July 9, 2006 to December 23, 2006, with Chiba TV (July 9 – December 17, 2006, every Sunday) as a flagship station. It aired mostly on Japanese Association of Independent Television Stations stations, and Hiroshima Home TV (July 16 – December 23, 2006, every Saturday), a local All-Nippon News Network station in Hiroshima.
Plot.
Story.
"Welcome to the N.H.K." revolves around the lives of several young-adults all living in or around the city of Tokyo. Many different lifestyles are shown though most of the time the story focuses on the concepts of being a "hikikomori", anime otaku, and having most of the characters experience intense feelings of depression and loneliness.
The main protagonist is Tatsuhiro Satō, a university dropout entering his fourth year of unemployment. He leads a reclusive life as a "hikikomori", ultimately coming to the conclusion that this happened due to some sort of conspiracy. One day just when his life seems entirely unchanging, he meets Misaki Nakahara, a mysterious girl who claims to be able to cure Tatsuhiro of his "hikikomori" ways. She presents him with a contract basically outlining that once a day they would meet in the evening in a local park where Misaki would lecture to Tatsuhiro in an effort to rid him of his lifestyle. During these outings, many subjects are discussed, though they almost always pertain in some way to psychology or psychoanalysis. One of their first meetings in fact deals with interpreting Tatsuhiro's recent dreams. Both Tatsuhiro and Misaki, however, have a tendency of over-doing things, such as hiding the truth, especially from each other and themselves. Despite Misaki's offer and pressing attempts at salvation, it is Tatsuhiro's neighbor and high school friend, Kaoru Yamazaki, whom Tatsuhiro often turns to in moments of need and support. Despite his own idiosyncrasies, Yamazaki is one of the more stable characters in the story.
The plots within the novel, manga and anime are each rather different from one another, and many themes and personalities differ between each. The novel also regularly mentions drug use by the main character, and later, his friend, Yamazaki. This element of the story is downplayed in the manga (drugs Satō uses are referred to as "legal psychedelics purchased off the internet"), and left out of the story altogether in the anime (with the exception of Hitomi). This is likely due to several reasons, including a more public-friendly rating, as well as ultimately being unneeded for the progression of the plot. Lolita themes present within the novel and manga have also been downplayed within the anime, where most of the women the characters lust after are of mature age, although brief hints still remain.
N.H.K..
The of Satō's imagination is supposedly a sinister conspiracy which aims to turn people into "hikikomori" and NEETs. No clear reason why they would do this is offered, although Satō considers the potential of an "army" of displaced individuals. It is also mentioned twice that "hikikomori" are needed in society for the purpose of giving people someone to look down upon, making themselves feel superior. The N.H.K. could possibly play the role of creating Hikikomori to give people someone to look down upon. The majority of the N.H.K.'s work is done through the media, via broadcasting anime and other material that is likely to turn the viewer into an otaku. Throughout the series, many shots of advertising hoardings or movie posters incidentally displayed in other locations bear N.H.K. references.
Satō on occasion also believes that the N.H.K. takes a more active role via the use of agents, although of course these agents only appear in dream sequences or flashbacks. Three types of N.H.K. agents are seen: the first are classic Men in Black who appear to have the ability to disguise themselves as anyone else they wish. They occupy key roles in a target's life, ensuring that they fail to develop. The second are cute, or more precisely moé girls who directly break the hearts of targets or who, via celebrity status, induce targets to have impossible or unrealistic expectations of relationships, destroying their ability to develop them in the real world (Satō never considers how, or even if, the N.H.K. would target women). Satō at one point fears that Misaki may be an agent of this type. The final type of agents are bizarre, Goblin-like creatures who are grey all over but for a letter (usually "N", "H" or "K") written in yellow on their belly. These creatures appear to be the masterminds of the entire N.H.K. conspiracy, but more likely than not they are Satō's mental image of the spreading mindset or circumstances he associates with the N.H.K. In the novel, it is hinted that Tatsuhiro may not actually believe the conspiracy to exist but instead needed an imaginary enemy to vent his frustrations on and to help motivate him into overcoming his hikikomori ways.
The real-life public broadcaster NHK, which is the source of the acronym that is parodied by the series, really does provide a support website for real-life "hikikomori". In the manga and novel, a concrete link between the public broadcaster NHK and Satō's Nihon Hikikomori Kyokai is implied; in the anime, although the conspiracy is still named NHK, no such correspondence is drawn and it appears that the NHK does not even exist as a broadcaster in the anime's version of Japan (in the anime, Misaki has never heard of the acronym when Satō says it to her). This may have been because the anime was broadcast on TV channels operated by other Japanese broadcasting companies, thus implying that it related to the real TV company and could have been interpreted as slander against a competitor.
Puru Puru Pururin.
Only brief excerpts of "Puru Puru Pururin" are ever seen, and it is not possible to guess what powers the main character, Pururin, would have. It appears that Pururin is a good, heroic character and is assisted by a number of animated household objects, including a vacuum cleaner upon which she flies; her trademark is to randomly append the word "Purin" to the end of sentences, similarly to the title character in "Di Gi Charat". The theme song first heard in the first episode is sung by Rumi Shishido. This theme appears in ringtone version throughout the series.
Media.
Novel.
"Welcome to the N.H.K." began as a single novel written by Tatsuhiko Takimoto, with the cover drawn by Yoshitoshi ABe of "Serial Experiments Lain" fame. The novel was first published on January 28, 2002 in Japan by Kadokawa Shoten, and the bunko edition was published in 2005. According to Takimoto, the idea of the story came one night as a result of a writer's block. He phoned Yūya Satō, a friend of his who is also a novelist, and said: "Tomorrow there is a conference in Kadokawa Shoten, but I can't think of a story, please think of something." With that, the two stayed in a family restaurant late at night until they came up with "Welcome to the N.H.K."
Manga.
The manga series is illustrated by manga author Kendi Oiwa. It was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's manga magazine "Shōnen Ace" between June 24, 2004 and June 2007. The manga's forty chapters have been collected into eight bound volumes released in Japan. Tokyopop licensed the manga for release in English, and the first volume was published on October 10, 2006. The manga version diverges from the original version later in the story.
In November 2005, the limited edition of the fourth Japanese volume was published with a Misaki figurine which caused sales of the manga to skyrocket, and was once ranked third at Japan's Amazon website in terms of sales. The limited edition of the sixth volume, released in November 2006 in Japan, included the hard copy of the bishōjo game from the manga, "True World: Shinjitsu no Sekai". The game was authored by Tatsuhiko Takimoto, the characters designed by Kendi Oiwa and produced by Circus (famous for ""). The limited edition of the eighth volume included a diploma signifying graduation from being a "hikikomori".
Anime.
A twenty-four-episode anime adaptation produced by Gonzo and directed by Yusuke Yamamoto aired in Japan between July 9, 2006 and December 17, 2006. The series was coordinated by Satoru Nishizono, featured character design by Takahiko Yoshida, and the music was headed by Masao Fukuda. ADV Films licensed the anime for $240,000 and released the first DVD of the English edition in October 2007. In 2008 the English license was transferred to Funimation. Siren Visual has licensed the series for release in Australia and New Zealand. It was broadcast in Italy on Rai 4 from September 22, 2011.
The anime has four pieces of theme music; two opening themes and two ending themes. The first opening theme, was written by Rieko Ito, composed by Kitagawa Katsutoshi, and performed by Round Table featuring Nino. The second opening theme is a remix of the first entitled which was produced by the same people as with the first opening theme. The first ending theme used for episodes one through twelve, , was written by Kenji Otsuki, composed by Fumihiko Kitsutaka, and featured vocals by Otsuki and Kitsutaka. The second ending theme used for episodes thirteen through twenty-four, , was written and composed by Yugo Sasakura, arranged by Masanori Shimada, and performed by Yui Makino.
Reception.
A. E. Sparrow of IGN gave the light novel a nine out of ten while comparing it to "Catcher in the Rye", saying "there's enough Holden Caulfield, or even Tyler Durden, in Satou and the events that surround him to make this story a solid read for anyone interested in books that examine the human condition."
The manga version of "Welcome to the N.H.K." was also positively reviewed. Writing for Anime News Network, Carlo Santos rated the Tokyopop releases of the third manga volume with a B grade for story, an A- for art, and an A- overall. Speaking on the volume's art, Santos noted "it's endlessly entertaining to watch the parade of shocked, disturbed and stressed-out faces as Satou confronts each of society's ills," as well as highlighting the "detailed backgrounds" and "clean, rectangular layouts and frequent speedlines." Concerning the writing, "the dialogue is full of vigor and wit, with a straightforward tone that conveys mad outbursts, tearful breakdowns, and everything in between." And with regards to the adaptation, Santos praised the volume by writing "out of Tokyopop's many, many translations, this series stands among one of their best, if not the best." Santos was more couched in his approval for the fourth volume, giving it a C+ for story, an A- for art, and a B grade overall. While criticizing that "the plot has taken a vacation," he wrote that "those who are into NHK for the highly developed character drama, however, will find these chapters to be some of the most memorable yet," and concluded "it may not be the best or most entertaining volume of NHK, but it does serve its purpose, which is to deepen the story and make the characters even more dysfunctional and twisted than they already are."
The anime series was generally well received by critics. In his review for "Animation World Magazine", James Brusuelas wrote ""Welcome to the NHK" is a true anime gem," describing it as "a delicately human tale." He went on to praise the series, saying "This is more than just anime. This is film." Concluding his review, he remarked "I cannot recommend this series enough. It is perhaps the best anime I saw during 2008."

</doc>
<doc id="5851988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5851988" title="Area code 502">
Area code 502

Area code 502 serves the state of Kentucky's north central counties, primarily Louisville, its suburbs, and the state capital of Frankfort. Its service area encompasses the following Kentucky counties (the boundary closely, but not exactly, tracks county lines):
Parts of Hardin and Meade Counties are also served by this area code, specifically:
Besides Louisville and Frankfort, major cities in the 502 territory include Georgetown, Shelbyville, and Bardstown. Although Georgetown is in the 502 area code, it is considered long-distance to call other cities in the 502 area code, but not Lexington, which is in the 859 area code.
The area code was one of the first established in October 1947, initially covering the entire state of Kentucky. while the western half split off as 270 in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5852001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852001" title="Cyathea deckenii">
Cyathea deckenii

Cyathea deckenii is a species of tree fern native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania and Mozambique, where it grows in wet forest at an altitude of 1350-2300 m. The trunk is erect and up to 10 m tall. Fronds are bipinnate and 2-3 m long. Characteristically of this species, the most basal one or two pairs of pinnae are reduced. The rachis and stipe range in colour from brown to dark brown or black-brown and are sparsely covered with a few scales. The scales are dark and narrow with a fragile margin of variable width. The stipe also has conical warts near the base. Sori are round and covered by large, thin indusia.
The specific epithet "deckenii" commemorates botanist Karl Klaus von der Decken (1833-1865).

</doc>
<doc id="5852013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852013" title="Obese Records">
Obese Records

Obese Records is a record label that releases music from the Australian hip hop genre. It is the largest Australian independent hip hop label, including performers Pegz, Thundamentals and Dialectrix. Obese Records also operates two retail stores in Melbourne, a record distribution company, a soul imprint named Plethora Records, and operates the artists' management and touring company Obese Records Artist Management.
History.
Founding as OB's record store.
Obese Records was founded in 1995 as a small record store called OB's by Ollie Bobbitt, in the Melbourne suburb of Prahran. Specialising in hip hop music, the store changed its name to "Obese Records" after Bobbitt sold the business to Shazlek One. In mid-2002 the store was bought by Melbourne-based artist Tirren Staaf (a.k.a. Pegz) who transformed it into a record label.
According to Pegz, there were few other labels specializing in Australian hip hop at the time, and none putting significant funds into marketing.> Pegz "saw the opening and went for it. It was about giving the people around me the opportunity they deserved." Pegz used the label to create a distribution network, and also purchased the Zenith Records vinyl pressing plant, one of only two companies then still pressing vinyl records in Australia. The pressing plant was subsequently sold in November 2007.
Expansion.
The first artist released on the label was MC Reason's EP "Solid" in 2000, produced by Jolz with appearances from Brad Strut, Bias B and Pac D.
Other early releases included compilation albums, "Culture of Kings" (which included songs by Koolism, Hilltop Hoods, Hunter, Terra Firma, Lyrical Commission and Downsyde) and "Obesecity", which Pegz describes as "key networking tools" for the growing Australian hip hop scene, as well as formative releases from Bliss n Eso, Bias B, DJ Bonez, Downsyde, Brad Strut and Layla. The two-disc "Culture of Kings Volume Two" included tracks by Hilltop Hoods, Delta, Layla, TZU, Hospice, Brothers Stoney, Bliss N Eso and Funkoars. It was the first Australian hip hop album to be selected for the Triple J feature album spot on local radio.
In 2003, Obese released the Hilltop Hoods album "The Calling", which became the first Australian hip hop album to go gold. Mark Pollard, founder of "Stealth Magazine", commented during an interview with Tony Mitchell in 2004 that Hilltop Hoods’ success had been helped by Obese.
In 2006 the Hilltops Hoods were nominated and won awards for Best Performing Independent Album ("The Hard Road") and Best Independent Artist at that year's Australian Independent Record Labels Association (AIR) Chart Awards.
Two artists associated with the label were nominated for four AIR Chart Awards in 2007 (three for Hilltop Hoods and one for Muph & Plutonic). At the 2007 ARIA Awards, the Hilltop Hoods won 'Best Urban Release' for their album "". The Hilltop Hoods DVD, "The City of Light", released by Obese Records in 2007, has also been classified gold. In 2008 two artists on the Obese label, Muph & Plutonic and Spit Syndicate, received nominations for 'Best Urban Album' at the ARIA Awards. In 2010 M-Phazes' album, "Good Gracious", was nominated for 'Best Urban Album' at the ARIA Awards.
Recent years.
Following Hilltops Hoods departure to start their own label with EMI, Obese Records continued to focus on both established artists and underground locals. Plethora Records was founded as Obese' Records subsidiary soul label in 2010.
Obese was filming episodes for Obese TV, their web series, by 2012. In 2013 Obese Records signed its first management contract with emcee Kerser, at that point having divisions for sales, publicity, marketing, accounts, and A&R. The record store in Prahran at 4A Izett Street continues to sell hip-hop merchandise as of 2013, and also hosts listening parties, radio marthons, and a segment on Obese TV. Pegz expanded the company in 2013, opening a retail store in the Melbourne neighborhood of Frankston. It stocks music, merchandise, street apparel, spray paint, art supplies, DVDs, and street art magazines.
Periscope Pictures announced on September 19, 2013, that Obese Records would be distributing its documentary "Hunter: For The Record" locally in Australia. The feature film chronicles hip hop artist Robert Hunter before his death from cancer in 2011. Hunter had released all his albums on Obese, and in conjunction with the DVD the label is releasing his final album, "Bring it All Back", posthumously.
Distribution.
Obese Records Distribution provides distribution for the following labels, in addition to Obese Records:
Artists.
Current.
The following artists are signed to Obese Records, as of September 2013:
Alumni.
A list of former artists:

</doc>
<doc id="5852014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852014" title="Srednekolymsk">
Srednekolymsk

Srednekolymsk (; ) is a town and the administrative center of Srednekolymsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located northeast of Yakutsk on the left bank of the Kolyma River. Population: 
History.
When the Russians arrived in the 1640s, they built three forts on the Kolyma: Nizhnekolymsk, Srednekolymsk, and Verkhnekolymsk (lower, middle and upper Kolymsk). They were about three days sled journey apart. Nizhnekolymsk was on the delta near the route to Anadyrsk. Srednekolymsk was at the head of navigation by seagoing koches, in forested country for good fur trapping and on the overland route to the Indigirka River. Verkhnekolymsk was smaller and upriver. The first fort ("ostrog") was founded by Mikhail Stadukhin in 1643. Some say that this was Nizhnekolymsk, but Fisher thinks that the original fort was Srednekolymsk and that the main Russian center was moved to Nizhnekolymsk by 1655 when the Anadyrsk route became important.
At some point the name was Yarmanka, from the Russian word for "fair", referring to the annual gatherings of indigenous inhabitants of the area here in spring. The settlement grew over the next century, and was granted town status and its present name (meaning "town on the middle Kolyma") in 1775. In Imperial times, the town was a destination for political exiles.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Srendekolymsk serves as the administrative center of Srednekolymsky District. As an inhabited locality, Srednekolymsk is classified as a town under district jurisdiction. As an administrative division, it is, together with the "selo" of Lobuya, incorporated within Srednekolymsky District as the Town of Srednekolymsk. As a municipal division, the Town of Srednekolymsk is incorporated within Srednekolymsky Municipal District as Srednekolymsk Urban Settlement.
Economy and infrastructure.
The town is largely reliant on farming of reindeer, hunting for pelts, and fishing.
Transportation.
The town is served by the Srednekolymsk Airport .
Climate.
Srednekolymsk has a dry subarctic climate (Köppen "Dfc"/"Dfd") with mild, sometimes hot, even very hot, but short summers and extremely brutal winters with almost no snowfall. The winter lasts from October until May and temperatures rise rapidly enough for Siberian larch trees to be able to grow during the fleeting summer, before falling rapidly again in August and September. Temperatures often do not exceed between late September and early May.

</doc>
<doc id="5852016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852016" title="Bemposta">
Bemposta

Bemposta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5852018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852018" title="Area code 405">
Area code 405

Area code 405 serves the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It covers the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Area including cities such as Oklahoma City, Edmond, El Reno, Norman, Stillwater, Shawnee, Chickasha, Tuttle, and Moore.
The other three area codes serving Oklahoma are 539 and 918, which cover northeastern Oklahoma (including the city of Tulsa); and 580, which serves western and southern Oklahoma.
Area code 405 was one of the original area codes put into service in 1947. Until January 1, 1953, it covered the entire state of Oklahoma. On that date, northeastern Oklahoma was assigned area code 918. On November 1, 1997, 405 was reduced to cover only central Oklahoma, while the southern and western portions of the old 405 became area code 580. As a result, 405 is the only area code in the state that does not reach the state's borders with Arkansas and Kansas.
Despite the rapid growth of the Oklahoma City area and the proliferation of auxiliary devices (cell phones and pagers), 405 is likely to remain in its current configuration until at least 2016, at which time a split or (more likely) overlay of 405 may be necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="5852020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852020" title="Raritan Bay Drawbridge">
Raritan Bay Drawbridge

The Raritan Bay Drawbridge, also known as the Raritan Bay Swing Bridge or Raritan River Railroad Bridge, is a railroad swing bridge 
crossing the Raritan River a half mile from where in empties into the Raritan Bay in New Jersey. It connects Perth Amboy to the north and South Amboy to the south.
History.
The bridge was built in 1908 to a replace one that had been built at the crossing in 1875 to serve the New York and Long Branch Railroad, jointly operated by the Central Railroad of New Jersey (CNJ) and Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR). The bridge has been owned by several different parties since the CNJ/PRR era: Penn Central (1968–1971), the New Jersey Department of Transportation (to 1983), and New Jersey Transit (NJT).
Operations.
The bridge is used by NJT commuter rail on its North Jersey Coast Line and for Conrail-Norfolk Southern rail freight operations. Federal regulations require the bridge to be open on signal except during rush hour or when a train has passed the home signal for it.

</doc>
<doc id="5852028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852028" title="Pierre F. Patricio">
Pierre F. Patricio

Pierre Patricio Farum (born February 20, 1960 in Dumalag, Capiz, Philippines) is a Filipino self-taught and expatriate artist who has successfully exhibited both internationally and in his home country. He is also known for his representations of the Philippines in the first two editions of the United Buddy Bears Exhibition.
Life and career.
Patricio was born in 1960 in the municipality of Dumalag in the province of Capiz as the second son of Emerson Patricio Bereber, an agriculturist, and Teresita Farum Castro, a public school teacher. His family later settled in the coastal town of Pilar where his father worked as a sugar technologist. Engaging with art at the age of five, his talent was first discovered by primary school teachers who encouraged him to join art competitions. While in high school, he won second prize in an on-the-spot painting contest sponsored by the Boy Scouts of the Philippines. His entry to the regional Colgate-Palmolive art competition in 1977 won the grand prize placing his name in the public spotlight for the first time. He was later commissioned to be involved in the cultural activities of the Pilar National High School (now the Marciano M. Patricio National High School). His parents however, disapproved of his artistic ambitions and sent him to college in Iloilo City where he took up Civil Engineering at the Western Institute of Technology but later finished a degree in Marine Transportation at the Iloilo Maritime Academy (now the John B. Lacson Foundation Maritime University-Arevalo).
Upon graduating, he worked as a geological draftsman for the Azure Mining Corporation in 1982 and later worked for various shipping companies in Japan. In 1988, he moved with his wife to Greece where he took formal studies in figurative drawing under Professor Lou Esthatiou at the American Hellenic Union in Athens. He then decided to devote his life to art in 1993. In 1998, he transferred with his family in Germany where he was deeply influenced by its landscapes and people. He later relocated to the Republic of Ireland and Singapore in the pursuit for further inspiration and exposure. 
Today, his styles vary from cubism to impressionist and abstract touches. He has designed several landmark sculptures in Berlin, better known as the Buddy Bears which were developed by Eva and Klaus Herlitz. He also represented the Philippines at the first two editions of the United Buddy Bears exhibition and has exhibited extensively in western Europe and East Asia. He has occasionally pledged his artworks for charitable causes locally and abroad. His paintings and sculptures are found in private and public collections throughout Asia, Europe, North America, and the Middle East.
The "Greek News Daily" described: "...looking at his art, there is a definite cubism influence...(his) paintings have a mythical feeling to them due to the subjects of his paintings, his use of color and inner vision that comes out on the canvas." His paintings are said to "depict the glory of the human spirit" according to the "Worldscope" Newspaper. "The color combinations reflect his view of the environment. The beauty of life is the centerpiece of his works." was mentioned by the "Eimsbüttler Wochenblatt". He has also been featured several times at Deutsche Welle TV.

</doc>
<doc id="5852031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852031" title="Pokrovsk, Sakha Republic">
Pokrovsk, Sakha Republic

Pokrovsk (; ) is a town and the administrative center of Khangalassky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located on the left bank of the Lena River, southwest of Yakutsk. Population: 
Geography.
The Lena Highway connecting Yakutsk with the destinations further south is on the opposite bank of the Lena, passing through the "selo" of Kyordyom.
History.
It was first founded by the Cossacks in 1682 as the "ostrog" of Karaulny Mys (), meaning "watchtower point". It later became the "selo" of Pokrovskoye (). It was granted urban-type settlement status and renamed Pokrovsk in 1941; town status was granted to it in 1998.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Pokrovsk serves as the administrative center of Khangalassky District. As an inhabited locality, Pokrovsk is classified as a town under republic jurisdiction. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Khangalassky District as the Town of Pokrovsk. As a municipal division, the Town of Pokrovsk is incorporated within Khangalassky Municipal District as Pokrovsk Urban Settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="5852032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852032" title="São Vicente (Abrantes)">
São Vicente (Abrantes)

São Vicente is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Abrantes, in Santarém District, Portugal. In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish Abrantes (São Vicente e São João) e Alferrarede. The population in 2011 was 11,622, in an area of 38.20 km². It included the northern part of the city of Abrantes. 
History.
A parish of São Vicente is the principal religious organ of the community of Abrantes, and its foundation dates back to the Goths. The ancient church of São Vicente was founded in 1149, after Afonso Henriques took Abrantes Castle, but it subsequently received damage from Moorish attacks and was rebuilt.
It was known until 1150, as the parish of Nossa Senhora da Conceição and reconsecrated by the first "alcaide" from permission obtained from Afonso Henriques (a reliquiry of São Vicente Mártir was installed in the church). The church was reconstructed under the initiative of King Sebastião, a project that concluded in 1590 under Philip I, completed and elaborated in the mannerist style.
It became a priory and vicarage of the Royal Prior, Father Carvalho e Avelino de Almeida, but by 1758 these institutions (including many of the religious parishes of Abrantes, such as São Pedro and Santa Maria do Castelo) were under the protection of the Marquis of Abrantes. Parish records for 1862 refer to São Vicente being passed on to the Marquis of Abrantes by the Order of Christ. The vicar of São Vicente represented the clergy of São Pedro de Alvega, São Silvestre de Aboboreira, Santa Eufémia de Rio de Moinhos and Santa Luzia do Pego, alternately with the parish of São João Baptista which was the seat of the adjunct, treasury and administration of the diocese.
The parish administration of São Vicente was merged with that of Santa Maria do Castelo around 1834, although records for the latter continued until 1774.
Today, the religious parish is part of the diocese of Portalegre-Castelo Branco.
Geography.
The long and narrow parish of São Vicente, which includes the northern half of the city of Abrantes, is mostly a large rural community. Its immediate neighbors are the Abrantes parishes of Carvalhal (to the north), Alferrarede (to the east), São João (to the southeast), São Miguel do Rio Torto (in the southe), Tramagal (in the southwest), Rio de Moinhos and Aldeia do Mato (to the west) and Souto (to the northwest), as well as the municipality of Sardoal (in the northeast). It has as its border the right margin of the Tagus River, which it shares with São Miguel do Rio Torto and Tramagal.
Culture.
Among its many religious or secular holidays, the parish of São Vicente is remembered for the "Festa de São Lourenço" (which falls on the last weekend of August and first of September) and the "Festa da Abrançalha" (which occurres on the last weekend of May/first weekend of June). In addition, the feast days of Paul (July), Our Lady of Graces (May) and Our Lady of Light (8 September), roundout the religious celebrations with the community.

</doc>
<doc id="5852042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852042" title="Tabon Caves">
Tabon Caves

The Tabon Caves are a set of caves north of Quezon municipality, in the south western part of the province of Palawan on Palawan Island, in the Philippines. The caves are named after the Tabon Scrubfowl. Tabon Caves is bordered on the south by the town proper of Quezon, Bgy. Panitian on the west, and the South China Sea on the north and east. The complex has 29 explored caves (only seven of which are open for public viewing), but 215 caves are known to exist on Lipuun Point. They are maintained by the National Museum. The major caves open to the public are Tabon Cave, Diwata Cave, Igang Cave, and Liyang Cave. The Tabon Man was discovered in the caves, one of the oldest remnants of human inhabitants found in the Philippines. Other remains that were excavated have remained onsite and have yet to be examined in detail.
Archaeological discoveries.
The skull cap remains of the Tabon Man were discovered in the Tabon Caves. The remains are approximately 22,000-24,000 years old. They were discovered by Dr. Robert B. Fox and his team from the National Museum of the Philippines in 1962. The team also found burial jars, like the Manunggul Jar, earthenware, jade ornaments and other jewelry, stone tools, animal bones, and human fossils dating back to 47,000 years ago; the earliest human remains found in the Philippines.
The archaeological finds indicate habitation from 50,000 to 700 years ago while the limestone formation in the reservation dates back from 25 million years ago, or the Lower Middle Miocene Period, based on geological studies.
The Lipuun Point Reservation, covering a 138-hectare island connected to the Palawan mainland by a mangrove forest, was declared a Site Museum Reservation in April 1972 and was made a priority site for tourism development in 1991 for its natural and cultural heritage.
Igang Cave Findings.
Igang is one of the upper caves and one of the longest of the complex. It appears to have been the primary burial site and most of the burial jars were found here. Until 2013 no one gave any particular notice to the large brown and green forms that ring the inner entrance to the cave. However, an American tourist named Philip Maise, after closing reviewing cave photographs realized that he may be looking at large sculptures of Asian elephants. Asian elephants are still present on the neighboring island of Borneo. During the last ice age, they could have walked to Palawan. 

</doc>
<doc id="5852045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852045" title="Tramagal">
Tramagal

Tramagal is a Portuguese parish, located in Abrantes Municipality, in Santarém District. The parish has a population of 4,043 and a total area of 24.06 km². The parish is the second-most populous in the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="5852060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852060" title="Stephanie Ashworth">
Stephanie Ashworth

Stephanie Ashworth (born 1974, Melbourne, Australia) is the bassist for Australian band Something for Kate and, as of May 2013, is married to the band's frontman Paul Dempsey.
Music career.
Ashworth joined Something for Kate—she has said "sometime in 1997 or 1998, I can't remember"—to replace bassist Toby Ralph, who had filled in after Julian Carroll's departure. Ashworth previously played in the bands Sandpit and Scared of Horses. In 2000, she was offered a place in Courtney Love's band, Hole, but declined.
Writing and photography.
Ashworth has contributed artwork and photography to the releases of Something for Kate, and photos of New York City, United States (US) were used for the 2012 album "Leave Your Soul to Science".
Since January 2008, Ashworth has written a monthly column for "Jmag", the magazine of Australian radio station Triple J.
Personal life.
Ashworth married bandmate/frontman Paul Dempsey in 2006. Following the release of Dempsey's solo album "Everything Is True", they relocated to New York City, USA, in 2010. They are parents to a son named Miller, born in 2011.
In response to a question regarding religion in late 2012, Ashworth spoke on behalf of herself and her Something For Kate bandmates: "It's a bit complex but we're not going to say straight out we're all atheists, but we're definitely questioning a lot of things to do with religion."

</doc>
<doc id="5852070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852070" title="Mirny, Sakha Republic">
Mirny, Sakha Republic

Mirny (, lit. "peaceful"; ) is a town and the administrative center of Mirninsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located west of Yakutsk on the Irelyakh River (Vilyuy's basin). Population: 
History.
Mirny was founded in 1955 after the discovery of a nearby kimberlite pipe by an expedition led by Yury Khabardin. Town status was granted to it in 1959.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Mirny serves as the administrative center of Mirninsky District. As an inhabited locality, Mirny is classified as a town under republic jurisdiction. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Mirninsky District as the Town of Mirny. As a municipal division, the Town of Mirny is incorporated within Mirninsky Municipal District as Mirny Urban Settlement.
Economy.
The Mir mine is in the town. It is an open hole, deep and has a diameter of (reckoned to be the 4th largest in the world). The mine was closed in 2011, due to the difficulties of working in that location.
Transportation.
The town is served by the Mirny Airport. Safety concerns have been raised about aircraft operations near to the open diamond mine; helicopters are forbidden to pass over the abandoned workings.
Education.
The Mirny Polytechnic Institute, a branch of the North-Eastern Federal University, operates in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="5852072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852072" title="Landing Lane Bridge">
Landing Lane Bridge

Landing Lane Bridge is part of County Route 609 and spans the Raritan River and the Delaware and Raritan Canal in New Jersey. The two lane bridge connects Piscataway to the north with New Brunswick and Franklin Township to the south. The approaching roadways on both sides are known as "Landing Lane." The Delaware and Raritan Canal State Park and towpath is accessible from the bridge.
The current span officially was opened in 1895, replacing a previous structure. However, the entire metal grate deck and steel truss was replaced in 1995 with a slightly wider modern metal beam structure and an asphalt covered roadway. The piers were only refurbished rather than being replaced, as this would have required Coast Guard approval, which would have added years to the refurbishment project. (The river, though unnavigable at this location, is under Coast Guard jurisdiction as it is tidal from Raritan Bay to a few hundred yards north of the Landing Lane Bridge.) This complication also prevented the bridge from being replaced with a four-lane-wide span. The plaque from the 1895 metal truss structure is on display at the northern end of the bridge.
During the American Revolutionary War, Washington's troops were retreating from the British over the Landing Lane Bridge. Washington ordered his troops to destroy the bridge to impede the British. The bridge was partially destroyed before the British caught up with them.

</doc>
<doc id="5852073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852073" title="German submarine U-192">
German submarine U-192

German submarine "U-192" was a very short-lived Type IXC/40 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" built during World War II for service in the Battle of the Atlantic. During her maiden voyage in May 1943 she disappeared without a trace, along with her 55 crew.
She was built in Bremen during 1942 and was ready to sail in April 1943, following four months of working-up trials in the Baltic Sea, under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Werner Happe.
War patrol.
Nothing is known of "U-192"s only war patrol following her departure from Kiel. She radioed in basic progress reports for the first three fruitless weeks of operation, but nothing came after the beginning of May, and by June she was given up for lost, as there had been no contact or sightings for a month. Post-war, allied investigators reported that she may have been lost in an attack on Convoy SC-128, where the Flower class corvette reported attacking a submarine on the 6 May close to where "U-192" was supposed to be. However, the results of the attack were not conclusive as the submarine was not confirmed sunk or identified, the true fate of "U-192" will probably never be known, except she was lost somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="5852075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852075" title="Howard Drake">
Howard Drake

Howard Ronald Drake OBE (born 13 August 1956) is the current British High Commissioner to Canada. He was appointed in June 2013.
Education.
Drake was educated at Churcher's College.
Career.
On 14 March 2014, in the midst of the 2014 Crimean crisis, he wrote an op-ed in the Globe and Mail on why his Government thought the Crimean referendum should be cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="5852083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852083" title="Tommot">
Tommot

Tommot (; ) is a town in Aldansky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located on the Aldan River (a right-hand tributary of the Lena) southwest of Yakutsk and southwest of Aldan. Population: 
Etymology.
The name of the town is derived from a Yakut word meaning "non-freezing".
Geography.
The town was the terminus of the passenger trains of the Amur Yakutsk Mainline. In November 2011, the railway was extended to Nizhny Bestyakh; it will eventually reach Yakutsk. Both the railway and the Lena Highway cross the Aldan at this point.
History.
It was founded in 1923 with the construction of a river port on the Aldan for supplies to the Nezametny gold mine in the present-day town of Aldan. It was formerly the head of navigation of the Aldan River. Tommot was granted town status in 1925.
Administrative and municipal status.
As an inhabited locality, Tommot is classified as a town under district jurisdiction. Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is, together with three rural localities, incorporated within Aldansky District as the Town of Tommot. As a municipal division, the territories of the Town of Tommot and the Settlement of Bezymyanny are incorporated within Aldansky Municipal District as Tommot Urban Settlement.
Economy.
Mining of mica deposits began in 1942, after they were discovered in a stream near the town by a hunter.

</doc>
<doc id="5852084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852084" title="Segovia Futsal">
Segovia Futsal

Segovia Futsal formerly known as Caja Segovia since its creation, is a futsal club based in Segovia, city of the Province of Segovia in the autonomous community of Castile and León.
The club was founded in 1985 and its pavilion is Pedro Delgado with capacity of 2,800 seaters.
History.
In July 2013, after 24 seasons in top league of Spanish futsal, and after failing to pay the enrolment fee to play in Primera División 2013–14, were relegated to Segunda División changing its official name to CD La Escuela. 
In August 2013, changed its official name to Segovia Futsal. 
Notable former players.
"For former Caja Segovia players, see:"

</doc>
<doc id="5852088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852088" title="Maurice Laframboise">
Maurice Laframboise

Maurice Laframboise (August 18, 1821 – February 1, 1882) was a Quebec lawyer, judge and political figure.
Biography.
He was born Maurice-Alexis Laframboise in Montreal, Lower Canada in 1821. He studied at the Petit Séminaire de Montréal, then articled in law and was called to the bar in 1843. He set up practice in Saint-Hyacinthe. In 1846, he married Marie-Eugénie-Rosalie Dessaulles, daughter of Jean Dessaulles; he looked after the family seigneury until 1852 when the property was distributed among his father-in-law's children. 
Laframboise was mayor of Saint-Hyacinthe from 1857 to 1860. In 1858, he was elected in Bagot as a member of the Parti rouge; he was reelected in 1861 and 1863. He was named to the Executive Council in 1863 as commissioner of Public Works; as was required at the time, he was elected in a by-election that same year for the same seat after being named to the cabinet. He opposed confederation; he was defeated in 1867 when he ran in Bagot for a seat in the federal parliament. In 1871, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Shefford as a Liberal; he was reelected in 1875. In 1878, he was named judge in the Quebec Superior Court for the Gaspé district.
Personal.
He died in Montreal in 1882.
His daughter Marie-Angélique-Rosalie married Louis-Onésime Loranger.

</doc>
<doc id="5852089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852089" title="Milecastle 48">
Milecastle 48

Milecastle 48 (Poltross Burn), is a milecastle on Hadrian's Wall ().
Description.
Milecastle 48 is situated just outside the village of Gilsland in Cumbria immediately adjacent to the Tyne Valley Line (). It has been known locally as "The King's Stables" for over 100 years but recently the heritage industry has begun to call it Poltross Burn Milecastle. The monument is currently in the care of English Heritage.
The milecastle measures 18.5 metres east to west by 21.3 metres north to south, substantially larger than many other milecastles. Two rows of buildings are visible within, probably barracks, one either side of the north-south road running through the gateways. Interior buildings are not normally so well-preserved or substantial in other milecastles and local people, "mining" the milecastle for building stone in the past, may have recognised the layout as similar to stable-blocks. The walls are broad gauge, including stub 'wing walls' which connect with the Narrow Wall curtain of Hadrian's Wall on either side. It has Type III gateways and lies 1521m west of Milecastle 47 and 1458m east of Milecastle 49.
A notable feature of this milecastle is the survival of a substantial part of the flight of stairs giving access to the ramparts of Hadrian's Wall in the north-east corner, allowing a wall-walk height of 3.6m to be projected and suggesting a height for the curtain wall (including parapet) of around 4.6m.
Excavations.
Milecastle 48 was excavated in 1886 by R. S. Ferguson; between 1909 and 1911 by J. P. Gibson and F. G. Simpson; and between 1965 and 1966 by D. Charlesworth.
The excavations uncovered a range of features including the gateways of the milecastle. The lower courses of the flight of steps were found in the north east corner, and an oven was found in the north west angle. Flanking the central space of the milecastle stood long barrack blocks, which are believed to have had more than one phase of construction.
Associated Turrets.
Each milecastle on Hadrian's Wall had two associated turret structures. These turrets were positioned approximately one-third and two-thirds of a Roman mile to the west of the Milecastle, and would probably have been manned by part of the milecastle's garrison. The turrets associated with Milecastle 48 are known as Turret 48A and Turret 48B.
Turret 48A.
Turret 48A (Willowford East) () is situated on a river terrace on the south bank of the River Irthing. It was excavated in 1923. It measures approximately 4.1 metres across. The north wall has a maximum height of 1.3 metres, the east wall 7 courses, west wall 5 courses and the south wall 6 courses high. The doorway was situated in the south west wall, and several hearths and evidence of bronze and iron working were found in the interior. The site was cleared and partially rebuilt in 1951/2, and the remains are visible as consolidated masonary.
Turret 48B.
Turret 48B (Willowford West) () is situated on the south bank of the River Irthing immediately east of Willowford Farm. The turret was excavated in 1923. The remains are visible as consolidated masonary.

</doc>
<doc id="5852091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852091" title="Sheepwash, North Yorkshire">
Sheepwash, North Yorkshire

Sheepwash is a popular tourist spot in the North York Moors, North Yorkshire, England. It is located on Cod Beck which flows into Cod Beck Reservoir near Osmotherley.
The name derives from the fact that shepherds bring their sheep down from the surrounding moorland and wash them in the beck at the ford.

</doc>
<doc id="5852102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852102" title="SGSS">
SGSS

SGSS (disambiguation).
SGSS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5852105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852105" title="Udachny">
Udachny

Udachny (, lit. "successful" or "lucky") is a town in Mirninsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located northwest of Yakutsk on the Markha River. Population: 
History.
The Udachnaya pipe diamond deposit was discovered in 1955. Due to its isolated location, it was not exploited until the 1960s. In conjunction with the beginnings of diamond production, the urban-type settlement of Udachny was founded in 1968; town status was granted to it in 1987.
As part of a plan to create the basin for a tailings dam for the nearby diamond mine, a 1.7 kiloton atomic bomb was detonated underground near Udachny on October 2, 1974. Original plans had called for eight similar explosions to be conducted; however, due to radioactive fallout being far greater than expected, the project was halted after the first blast. The shaft in which the explosion was held was not plugged until eighteen years later, with an estimated thick concrete sarcophagus.
Administrative and municipal status.
As an inhabited locality, Udachny is classified as a town under district jurisdiction. Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is, together with the "selo" of Polyarny, incorporated within Mirninsky District as the Town of Udachny. As a municipal division, the Town of Udachny is incorporated within Mirninsky Municipal District as Udachny Urban Settlement.
Economy.
Diamond mining remains the principal economic activity in the town. Udachny is the second most important diamond production site after Mirny for the state-owned ALROSA corporation.
Climate.
Udachny has an extreme subarctic climate (Köppen climate classification "Dfd"). Winters are extremely cold, with average temperatures from to in January, while summers are mild, with average temperatures from to in July. Precipitation is quite low, but is significantly higher in summer than at other times of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="5852110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852110" title="Iril River">
Iril River

The Iril River is a river that runs through the eastern suburbs of the city of Imphal in the state of Manipur, India.The name Iril "derived" from two words Ee and Rei/Ree. the Manipuris' word Ee-which means Blood and the word Rei/Ree was poumai's origins which means River,It would be appropriate to called it "River of blood".
It originates from sirong, 
and flows through Ngamju Village (The people of Ngamju called it Vaeri) a Poumai Naga village situated in the River bank of the Iril river. With the tributories from various streams, it become a river called Iril.The river then run through Sagolmang area and flows through Lamlai, Top, Naharup, Pangong, and Irilbung before it joins with the Imphal River. It is fed with fresh water from the streams, very clear. The water supply plant located in Porompat is fed with its water. 
Iril River still has a large population of endangered indigenous fish called ngaton, Meitei sareng. These fish are captured by local fisherman in the months of July and August.

</doc>
<doc id="5852111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852111" title="Pak Chong District">
Pak Chong District

Pak Chong () is the westernmost district ("amphoe") of Nakhon Ratchasima Province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
In the past this area was a part of Tambon Khanong Phra, Chan Thuek district (which is now Sikhio district).
In 1949 Ban Pak Chong was upgraded to be Tambon Pak Chong. It was upgraded to a minor district ("King Amphoe") effective January 1, 1957, consisting of the four subdistricts Pak Chong, Chanthuek, Klong Dan and Mu Si. It was finally upgraded to a full district in July 1958.
Etymology.
In the reign of King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) during the construction of the northeastern railway through the area, the Nok Yung and Noi mountains were blasted through to make a channel ("Chong" in Thai) for the railway. Then the people named the village Pak Chong, meaning "mouth of the channel".
Geography.
Pak Chong is the biggest district of Nakhon Ratchasima by area. Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Sikhio, Wang Nam Khiao of Nakhon Ratchasima, Mueang Nakhon Nayok of Nakhon Nayok Province, Prachantakham of Prachinburi Province, and Muak Lek of Saraburi Province.
The district is the gateway to the Northeast (Isan) of Thailand from the central region, as the main pass through the Sankamphaeng Range mountainous area is located in the southern section of this district. The southern parts of the district are part of Thailand's first and largest national park, Khao Yai. Within the park is the origin of the Takhong River, a tributary of the Mun River. The Takhong is the main water resource of Nakhon Ratchasima city.
Traffic.
Both the Mittraphap Road as well as the northeastern railway cross the district.
The long-distance trains from Bangkok to Nong Khai and Ubon Ratchathani stop at Pak Chong railway station, as well as the local trains connecting Saraburi with Nakhon Ratchasima.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 12 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 169 villages ("muban"). Pak Chong is a town ("thesaban mueang") which covers parts of the "tambon" Pak Chong and Nong Sarai. There are further four subdistrict municipalities ("thesaban tambon") - Klank Dong covers parts of the "tambon" Klang Dong and Phaya Yen, Mu Si the whole "tambon" Mu Si, Sima Mongkhon further parts of Klong Dong and Wang Sai the whole "tambon" Wang Sai. The remaining nine subdistrict are each administrated by a Tambon administrative organization (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="5852128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852128" title="Redbeard (comics)">
Redbeard (comics)

Redbeard ("French: Barbe-Rouge") is a series of Belgian comic books, originally published in French, created by writer Jean-Michel Charlier and artist Victor Hubinon.
After their deaths the series was continued by other artists, including Jijé (Joseph Gillain), Christian Gaty, Patrice Pellerin, Jean Ollivier, Christian Perrissin and Marc Bourgne.
Publications.
The series was very popular in France, Belgium and The Netherlands, but has not yet been published in English. In late seventies and early eighties, most of the classic episodes were also published in Yugoslavia (in the Serbian language) under the name "Demon s Kariba" (Demon of the Caribbean). In Croatia, the series was first published under the name "Crvenobradi" but later under the name "Riđobradi" (in the Croatian language). In Germany, the series is known under the name: "Der rote Korsar", and in Denmark 5 albums have been published under the name "Rødskæg". In the seventies two episodes were published in Finland, under the name "Punaparta", and in Portugal 5 "Barba Ruiva" albums have been published.
Asterix parody.
"Redbeard" is better known from a parody in the "Asterix" comic series, than his own series. Since the album "Asterix the Gladiator", a group of pirates appear in nearly every story, and their ship sinks at almost every meeting. Originally conceived as a joke, the pirates' appearance was so successful that they were fully integrated in the Astérix series. They were also featured in both the 1968 animation film "Asterix and Cleopatra" and the 2002 live-action film , as well in three other animations: Asterix in Britain, Asterix Conquers America, and Asterix and the Vikings.
The parody has its origins in the fact that Jean-Michel Charlier had worked with the authors of Asterix, René Goscinny & Albert Uderzo, in the founding of the Franco-Belgian comics magazine "Pilote" in 1959. This magazine was the launching vehicle for both "Asterix" and "Redbeard".
Although in several countries of Continental Europe, Redbeard is a popular comic series in its own right, the popularity of Asterix's pirates is one of the few occasions when parody figures have overshadowed their originals.
Historical background.
Redbeard's adventures mainly take place in the period between 1715 to 1750.
The character of Redbeard was based on various historical pirates, like the Frenchman Robert Surcouf (1773–1827), as Charlier & Hubinson created three comics about him between 1949–1952, and these stories would later be the basis of this series. Also used are stories about the Turkish admiral Hayreddin Barbarossa (1483–1546), whose Italian name "Barbarossa" means "Red Beard". Parts of his cruel appearance might be based on the notorious Blackbeard, active in the Caribbean Sea, and his fame and successes in the series resembles that of Bartholomew Roberts, who successfully conquered over 450 ships.
A lot of what is going on in the stories is based on real history:
However, starting from the 31st album, "The War Of The Pirates" (1997), historical errors start to appear. Writer Jean Ollivier brings Henry Morgan to the series as a living character, becoming the new governor of Jamaica. But the real Morgan died in 1688, and Redbeard's first adventure (album #1) takes place in 1715 — in fact, in album 7, "The Ghost Ship" (1966), Morgan is mentioned as being dead). In later albums by writer Christian Perrissin and artist Marc Bourgne, the character of Redbeard himself also changes dramatically. He gets more greedy, his love for Eric seems to be fading away, he seems to have no honour anymore, and he gets romantically involved with a girl but eventually he shoots her in the arm (which must then be amputated). All of these character features cannot be found in any of the previous albums.
Mentioned or visited are the French overseas territories in the New World, including Fort-de-France, Île de la Tortue, New Orleans, Saint Croix, Port-au-Prince, Bourbon, Pondichéry, and Fort Dauphin.
The same is true of their Spanish counterparts, such as Cartagena, Veracruz, Mérida, Puerto Bello, Panama, and Cuzco, and the British territories Barbuda, Barbados, Grand Cayman, Kingston, Jaffna, and Saint-Augustin.
Albums.
"*The Gold Of The San Christobal" 
"*The Cobra"
End of the series?
After Victor Hubinon died unexpectedly in 1979, Jijé (Joseph Gillain) took over. But when he also died, the series was almost ended, as Jean-Michel Charlier believed nobody could take over. However, he finally managed to find not one, but "two" artists; Christian Gaty and Patrice Pellerin. As Charlier wrote in the book ""Uprise In Jamaica"" (1987): ""Why not have two different artists? If James Bond can be played by different actors, so can Redbeard"".
Charlier himself dies in 1989. The series is then continued by Jean Ollivier and Gaty in 1991, with the addition: ""The new adventures"", however in 1999 it is changed back to just 'Redbeard'.
But in 2006 the publisher Dargaud announced the series will be ended, as it would not be appealing anymore to youngsters, who were the original target audience. Artist Marc Bourgne thinks there will be a comeback of the series somewhere in the future. 
Spin-off.
Since 1996 there is also a spin-off series, called ""The Young Years Of Redbeard"", created by different authors than the main series: the scenario is by Christian Perrissin and the artist is Daniel Redondo.
These stories deal with Redbeard's youth before he was a pirate and how he decided to become one. His name is given as Jean-Baptiste Cornic, a servant of the French king. Also explained is how he lost his eye.
TV.
In 1997 the animated series "Barbe-Rouge" was made by the French TF1 and Italian RAI. This series consists of twenty-six 24-minute episodes. It has also been broadcast in England and Canada (as "Captain Red Beard"), Norway (as "Kaptein Rødskjegg"), Italy (as "Barbarossa"), and Greece (as "Κοκκινογένης Πειρατής"). The episodes were written by Jean Cubaud, with animation by Pasquale Moreau and Thibault Deschamps of PRH Création Images. In 2005, a DVD with five episodes of the animated Redbeard series was released in France ("Barbe-Rouge").

</doc>
<doc id="5852130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852130" title="Vilyuysk">
Vilyuysk

Vilyuysk (; ) is a town and the administrative center of Vilyuysky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located about from Yakutsk on the Vilyuy River (left tributary of the Lena). Population: 
History.
The first permanent settlement on the site of the present town was a Cossack winter settlement founded in 1634 as Tyukanskoye or Verkhnevilyuyskoye.
Members of the peasant rebellion led by Yemelyan Pugachev were exiled to the area in the 1770s, building the new town of Olensk in 1783. The town's name was derived from the Russian word "" ("olen"), meaning "stag", as still seen in the town's symbols. The town was renamed Vilyuysk after the river on which it stands in 1821.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Vilyuysk serves as the administrative center of Vilyuysky District. As an inhabited locality, Vilyuysk is classified as a town under district jurisdiction. As an administrative division, it is, together with the "selo" of Sosnovka, incorporated within Vilyuysky District as the Town of Vilyuysk. As a municipal division, the Town of Vilyuysk is incorporated within Vilyuysky Municipal District as Vilyuysk Urban Settlement.
Economy.
Transportation.
The Vilyuysk Airport is located near the town.
Climate.
Vilyuysk has a subarctic climate (Köppen climate classification "Dfc"). Winters are extremely cold, with average temperatures from to in January, while summers are warm, with average temperatures from to in July. Precipitation is quite low, but is significantly higher in summer than at other times of the year.
Naming honors.
The minor planet 2890 Vilyujsk, discovered in 1978 by Soviet astronomer Lyudmila Zhuravlyova, is named after the town.

</doc>
<doc id="5852142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852142" title="Statehood Day (Croatia)">
Statehood Day (Croatia)

Statehood Day ( ) is a holiday that occurs every year on June 25 in Croatia to celebrate the country's 1991 declaration of independence from Yugoslavia. The Statehood Day is an official holiday, a day off work in Croatia.
After the independence referendum held on May 19th, 1991, the Croatian Parliament formally proclaimed independence with "", lit. the Constitutional decision on sovereignty and independence of the Republic of Croatia.
The Statehood Day used to be May 30, marking the day when in 1990 the first post-Communist multi-party Parliament was constituted. There was some controversy in the public regarding which date is more suitable for the day of the statehood. Since 2002, June 25 has prevailed as the Statehood Day, and May 30 is marked a minor holiday, one that is not an off-day.
This holiday is not to be confused with Croatia's Independence Day, which is marked each year on October 8. The independence was proclaimed on June 25, but due to the negotiation of the Brioni Agreement, a three-month moratorium was placed on the implementation of the decision, and the Parliament cut all remaining ties with Yugoslavia in October.
Slovenia declared independence from Yugoslavia at the same time, and its Statehood Day coincides with the Croatian Statehood Day, on June 25.
Typical state activities on the occasion involve speeches by the President of Croatia and other dignitaries, as well as commemoration of the Croatian War of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="5852151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852151" title="Pecsaetan">
Pecsaetan

The Pecsætan, peaklanders or peakrills were an Anglo Saxon tribe who inhabited the central and northern parts of the Peak District area in England. The area was historically the home of the southern clan of the Brigantes, a Brythonic tribe, before the Anglo-Saxon invasion. The very early Derbyshire settlements, in what is now known as the Peak District, were those of the West Angles. This tribe advanced up the valleys of the rivers Derwent and Dove during their northern conquests in the 6th century. They became known locally as the Pecsætan. Later their territory formed the northern division of Mercia, and in 848 the Mercian Witenagemot assembled at Repton.
Nomenclature.
Though the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica article refers to the Pecsætan, the more widely accepted terminology seems to be Pecsætna, as referred to in the British Library, MS Harley 3271, f. 6v document of the 7th century Tribal Hidage .
Henry Spelman's "Archæologus in modum Glosarii ad rem antiquam posteriorem", which was published in London in 1626 cites the Pec-setna.

</doc>
<doc id="5852155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852155" title="Angela Bloomfield">
Angela Bloomfield

Angela Bloomfield (born 11 December 1972) is a New Zealand actress and director.
Early life.
Angela attended Massey High School in West Auckland, New Zealand.
Career.
She starred in "Shortland Street" for nine years, transforming Rachel McKenna from the school girl daughter of clinic boss into a university student, a Shortland Street clinic employee and CEO of Shortland Street Hospital.
Bloomfield has also performed in a number of feature films including "Bonjour Timothy" and "The Frighteners", also a short film, "A Brush With Death", for the 48HOURS 2008.
Acting has taken a back seat for the last three years as she has become a mother of two but she has kept her hand in directing for Shortland Street on and off and she is looking forward to performing again. She attended Massey High School in West Auckland.
She is married to Chris Houston and has two children, Max and Maya.
Bloomfield has also been a contestant on the N.Z show, "Dancing with the Stars" and was in 2006 voted as having New Zealand's best breasts. Angela returned to Shortland Street in October 2009 for a further stint as Rachel McKenna. She has since been promoted to the main cast for the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="5852160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852160" title="Aqualand">
Aqualand

Aqualand is a chain of water-amusement parks operated by Spanish tourism group Aspro Ocio S.A.. It is the largest such group operating in Europe.
Overall there are five Aqualands in Spain, one in Portugal, and seven in France. Aspro Ocio also owns a number of other differently branded properties including Las Águilas Jungle Park on Tenerife.

</doc>
<doc id="5852167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852167" title="Palaeeudyptes">
Palaeeudyptes

Palaeeudyptes is an extinct genus of large penguins, currently containing four accepted species. They were probably larger than almost all living penguins, with the smaller species being about the size of an emperor penguin and the largest ones having stood about 1.5 meters tall.
Of the four species, two ("P. gunnari" and "P. klekowskii") are known from numerous remains found in Middle or Late Eocene strata (34 to 50 MYA) of the La Meseta Formation on Seymour Island, Antarctica. "P. antarcticus", the first fossil penguin described, is only really known from a single incomplete tarsometatarsus found in the Late Oligocene Otekaike Limestone (23 to 28, possibly up to 34 MYA) at Kakanui, New Zealand, but numerous other bones have been tentatively assigned to the species. The other described New Zealand species, "P. marplesi", is known from parts of a skeleton, mainly leg bones, from the Middle or Late Eocene Burnside Mudstone (34 to 40 MYA) at Burnside, Dunedin. To this species also a number of additional remains have been tentatively assigned. The problem with the indeterminate New Zealand specimens is that they at least in part are intermediate in size between the two species (Simpson, 1971). It may be that "P. marplesi" simply evolved into the smaller "P. antarcticus". Bones unassignable to species also were found on Seymour Island, but in these cases they seem to be from juvenile individuals or are simply too damaged to be of diagnostic value (Jadwiszczak, 2006).
In addition, an incomplete right tibiotarsus (South Australian Museum P10862) and one left humerus (South Australian Museum P7158) and assignable to this genus were found in the Late Eocene Blanche Point Marls at Witton Bluff near Adelaide, Australia (Simpson, 1946, 1971). Additionally, an incomplete humerus identified as "Palaeeudyptes" was recovered in southernmost Chile (Sallaberry "et al.", 2010), from middle to late Eocene beds of the Río Turbio Formation, near Puerto Natales, 200 km south from Torres del Paine National Park.
The supposed genus "Wimanornis", based on two Seymour Island humeri, is apparently a synonym of "P. gunnari" (Jadwiszcak, 2006).
The genus is the namesake for the subfamily of primitive penguins, Palaeeudyptinae. Altogether, their osteological characteristics seem to have been somewhat less advanced that those of the slightly smaller "Archaeospheniscus" and about on par with the gigantic "Anthropornis". The exact nature of the relationship of the Palaeeudyptinae to modern penguins is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="5852168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852168" title="Chegem">
Chegem

Chegem (; Kabardian: ) is a town and the administrative center of Chegemsky District of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia, located north of Nalchik, at the elevation of about . Population: 
History.
Originally called Chegem Pervy (), it was granted urban-type settlement status in 1972. In 2000, it was granted town status and renamed Chegem.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Chegem serves as the administrative center of Chegemsky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Chegem is incorporated within Chegemsky Municipal District as Chegem Urban Settlement.
Demographics.
Population: 
Ethnic composition.
As of the 2002 Census, the ethnic distribution of the population was:

</doc>
<doc id="5852192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852192" title="Masaki Kaji">
Masaki Kaji

Biography.
He has appeared in a various number of TV shows, musicals and movies.
On January 1, 2006, Kaji, with fellow D-BOYS member Hiroki Suzuki, appeared on the 43rd broadcast of "Secret New Years' Performance Tournament" "Young Man Colosseum", where Kaji displayed his acrobatic abilities. As well, on November 1, 2006, he made an appearance on a variety show called "Kachinko" ("カチンコ!") broadcasting on TV Asahi. Then on January 1, 2007, Kaji appeared again on the New Year's Day 44th annual broadcast of the "Secret New Years' Performance Tournament'"s "Chinese Lion Dance" segment, with Hiroki Suzuki and fellow D-Boys members, Yuya Endo, Masato Wada and former D-BOYS member, Yuuma Minakawa.
He appeared as a member of The Tigers, in the TV drama, "The Hit Parade", starring fellow D-Boys members Masato Wada, Yuu Shirota, Hiroki Suzuki, Hirofumi Araki, Yuya Endo and Seto Kouji. The show aired May 26, 2006 on Fuji TV.
D-Boys.
In October 2004, Kaji joined the Watanabe Entertainment group named the D-BOYS. As a member of the D-BOYS, Kaji also keeps a blog, which he updates occasionally. Being a part of the D-BOYS provided Kaji with a lot of opportunities. Among them was to perform with the group of boys and expand his experience as a performer. On August 6, 2005, Kaji, along with Hiroki Suzuki, appeared on the radio program, Marvelous Radio Vibration that was hosted by fellow D-Boys members Yuu Shirota and Kotaro Yanagi.
The D-BOYS so far have released two Photobooks. The first photobook released on April 27, 2005, was self-titled "D-Boys", while the second, released on March 15, 2006, was called "Start", both which contain many photos of Kaji.
The D-BOYS have also starred in their own drama documentary variety series called, "DD-Boys" in which Kaji's appeared in a few episodes as himself. The show was 24 episodes long and ran from April 10 to September 25, 2006.
In June 2007, the D-BOYS starred in their very own musical together called, "D-BOYS STAGE", which ran from June 3 to June 10 at the Space Zero theater in Tokyo. Kaji appeared in the musical as a regular performer for the run of the musical.
Musicals.
Kaji won the role of Takeshi Momoshiro, the friendly 2nd year regular of Seigaku Middle School's tennis club, in the "The Prince of Tennis" musical series, Tenimyu. From 2005 to 2006, he became the second actor to play Momoshiro. He made his debut as Momoshiro on January 8, 2005, in the "Side Yamabuki" performance in Osaka. That same year, his role as Momoshiro was carried into the live adaptation film of the manga. During his run in the musicals, he was able to work with fellow D-BOYS members Yuya Endo, Kotaro Yanagi, Hiroki Suzuki, Masato Wada, Hirofumi Araki, Osamu Adachi, and former member Yuu Shirota.
On March 29, 2006, in the "Dream Live 3rd" live concert, he, along with the majority of the Seigaku cast, graduated from their roles. Since his graduation, the role of Momoshiro has been played by Shinpei Takagi, by fellow D-BOYS member Tetsuya Makita, and by actor Toshihiro Nobeyama.
Live Action.
Kaji was able to carry on his role from the musicals to the live-adaptation film of the manga series of "The Prince of Tennis". He, along with most of the principal cast members for the Seigaku Regulars, were able to reprise their roles in the movie. The only major casting change was the casting of Kanata Hongo as Ryoma Echizen, the main protagonist.
"The Prince of Tennis" was released on May 13, 2006 and opened on the tenth spot in the Japanese Box Office and marked Kaji's first major film debut.
Seishun Energy: Check It Out Yo! in Tokyo.
After his graduation from Tenimyu, Kaji starred in the first series of the TV drama, "Seishun Energy: Check It Out Yo! in Tokyo" ("青春★ENERGY ~ チェケラッチョ!! In Tokyo"), which premiered on Fuji TV April 12, 2006 and broadcast until June 15, 2006. The series was a spinoff from the movie, "Check It Out Yo!!" ("チェケラッチョ!!"), was 10 episode long and featured Kaji as Shingo Amida, one of the four main characters. The show was about four 3rd year high school students with no direction in their lives, until they found rap, which then inspired them to take charge of their lives and their dreams. In the show, his character, along with his three costars' (Masataka Kubota, Ryo Kimura, and Gota Watabe) characters formed ROM-4. Later, Kaji and his costars (under ROM-4) recorded and released the CD single called "Keep It Goin' On", which was used as the show's ending theme.
Regatta.
Then, Kaji appeared in the TV drama, "Regatta", which premiered on TV Asahi, running from July 14, 2006 to September 8, 2006. The show revolved around a university rowing club, in which Kaji had the role of playing the freshman, Toshiyuki Hoshino, on the team.
Musical Air Gear.
Nearly after a year away from musicals, Kaji starred as Onigiri, member of the Kogarasumaru Air Trecks team, in the first Air Gear musical called, "", which debuted on January 7, 2007 and run til January 21, 2007. Performances for the Air Gear musical were held in Tokyo at the Space Zero Theater from January 7 to January 14, 2007 and in Osaka at the Theater BRAVA from January 19 to January 21, 2007. The cast features Kaji's former Tenimyu co-actors, Kamakari Kenta and KENN, reprising their voice-over roles from the anime respectively as Ikki and Kazu, with RUN&GUN, Kenjiro Tsuda etc. as co-stars.
Due to the success and popularity of the musical's first run, the musical had a rerun in May 2007 titled, "" with Kaji reprising his role as Onigiri, which ran from May 3 to May 8, 2007 at the Nihon Seinenkan Dai Hall in Tokyo.
Thus, Kaji is attached, as Onigiri, in the following shows:
Out of Order.
Following his performance in the "Air Gear Musical", Kaji will appear on stage in the 2007 "Out of Order" Live Entertainment Show with fellow D-Boys members Yuya Endo and Kumai Kohei. Other cast members also include Jun Nagura, Ken Horiuchi, Chiaki Hara, Asami Abe, Rag Fair etc. Performances will run from March 21, 2007 to March 26, 2007 at the Aoyama Theater in Tokyo and will also run from March 31, 2007 to April 1, 2007 at the Karapa Hall in Osaka.
Arakure KNIGHT.
2007 will see Kaji appear in a string of films. The first will be Arakure KNIGHT (荒くれＫＮＩＧＨＴ, Arakure KNIGHT?), the live-action movie adaptation of the 1982 to 1988 manga series, "Aratanaru Shobaku" by Satosi Yoshida. The film is scheduled for limited released, opening on April 28, 2007 in Cinema GAGA. Kaji will once again act alongside fellow D-Boys member, Yuu Shirota, as well as be reunited with former Tenimyu castmates, Kousuke Kujirai, Yoshikazu Kotani, and "Musical Air Gear" co-star, Kenta Kamakari.
Previously, in 1998, a live-action TV series had been made titled Shin Shonan Bakusozoku Arakure Knight (Bomber Bikers of Shonan).
Waruboro.
Next, Kaji will be appearing in the film, "", which will star Kaji's costar from "Yankee Boukou ni Kaeru" and "Regatta", Shouta Matsuda, as the main character; with Kaji's "Seishun Energy: Check It Out Yo! in Tokyo" costar, Ryo Kimura and fellow D-Boys member, Yuu Shirota as supporting characters. Due to the setting and time period of the movie, Kaji had to perm his hair for his character. The movie is an adaptation of Gettsu Itaya's semi-autobiographical novel, "Waruboro" and is set to be released in the summer of 2007 as principal filmography began on September 20, 2006.
Personal life.
Kaji keeps a blog on his D-Boys webpage, which he updates occasionally. In his blog entries he likes to call himself "Karaage" (literally meaning "fried thing"), which is a running joke between him and Hiroki Suzuki, due to Kaji's dislike for his tan. He is very close friends with fellow D-BOYS members Masato Wada (who often regards Kaji as a best friend and younger brother), Hiroki Suzuki, Osamu Adachi and Hirofumi Araki.
On August 12, 2006, he, along with Hiroki Suzuki, attended the second performance showing in Tokyo for the "Advancement Side Rokkaku feat. Hyotei Gakuen" to support Kousuke Kujirai and Hiroki Aiba.
Appearances.
Musicals.
TENIMYU: THE PRINCE OF TENNIS MUSICAL SERIES (as Takeshi Momoshiro)
Discography.
Singles.
Kaji has currently released a CD Single on June 21, 2006, called "Keep It Goin' ON" with fellow members, ROM-4. Besides Kaji, ROM-4 comprises Masataka Kubota, Ryo Kimura and Gouta Watabe, Kaji's coactors from the TV show called, "Seishun Energy: Check It Out, Yo! in Tokyo".
Singles Stats
Single was released for the "Seishun Energy" TV show in Japan (JPN), only.
Track Listings
Track Listings for the "Keep It Goin' On" CD Single:

</doc>
<doc id="5852194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852194" title="Valdezcaray">
Valdezcaray

Valdezcaray is a ski area situated near the resort town of Ezcaray in the upper Oja Valley of the Sierra de la Demanda, Iberian System (province of La Rioja, Spain). 
The resort.
It has 22 km of marked pistes, it's a growing familiar resort which has greatly improved its installations in the last years. The highest point is "San Lorenzo" peak, 2125 m AMSL, with a vertical drop of 600 m.
The base of the area includes the basic ski services and is situated at 1530 m AMSL. From there the main chair lift provides access for the pistes. All the hotels and apartments are in the resort town of Ezcaray, 13 km downhill from the ski area.
Lifts.
Almost all of the resort's lifts are modern and of high capacity, the resort has:
Pistes.
The resort offers 22 pistes of different difficulties:

</doc>
<doc id="5852195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852195" title="Agorius baloghi">
Agorius baloghi

Agorius baloghi is an ant-like jumping spider.
Name.
The species is named in honor of Hungarian oribatid mite specialist János Balogh, who collected the specimens.
Distribution.
"A. baloghi" occurs in New Guinea and New Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="5852198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852198" title="Ducati 998">
Ducati 998

The Ducati 998, a successor to the Ducati 996 and the final variation on the Ducati 916, was produced in various models from 2002 to 2004. The new Testastretta engine shared many similarities with the previous Desmoquattro engine in the 996, although it was completely new from the crankshaft up. Testastretta means narrow head and refers to a complete redesign of the cylinder heads. The desmodromic valve actuation method was retained.
The 996 had a bore and stroke of . The bore and stoke of the 998 was more oversquare at . The included valve angle was reduced from 40 degrees on the 996 to 25 degrees on the 998. Valve sizes were increased, and the camshafts had slightly increased lift, but with shorter duration. Horsepower increased from 112 to 123.
The 998R and non US 998S models had different crankcases with a deep oil sump. The standard 998 had crankcases which were very similar to the previous Desmoquattro. The non US 998S as well as the 998R had revised cam profiles which provided more power than the standard 998. The 998R model used a mm bore and stroke which actually displaced 999 cc, and was very similar to the engine used in the subsequent 999R model.
In 2001, Ducati introduced the 996R (see Ducati 996) with the 998 cc Testastretta engine. This bike was the true introduction of the Testastretta engine and the 998 model. The engine was similar to the 2002 non US 998S. Only 500 were sold which was all that were needed to homologate the bike to race in the World Superbike Championship. This bike won the World Superbike Championship in 2001 with rider Troy Bayliss.
A 2001 Ducati 996, in dark green, was featured in the 2003 movie "The Matrix Reloaded". Ducati subsequently announced a limited edition of similar bikes for model year 2004 in a very dark green color, but as production of the 996 had since ceased, these were actually 998-series bikes.
The 998 officially ended production in 2004 with the release of the 998s FE ("Final Edition"). This bike was only available by special order, it was not available as a regular production model. They were available in "Biposto" and "Monoposto"(one or two seat) versions. It was largely similar to the US model 2002 998S (using the standard 998 engine but with uprated Ohlins suspension components and Brembo four-piston calipers).
Ducati 998 models.
998 Strada (Biposto and Monoposto): 2002-2003
998S Ben Bostrom and Troy Bayliss replicas (USA Version): 2002
998S non US model: 2002
998R: 2002
998 Matrix:2004
998 FE (Final Edition): 2004

</doc>
<doc id="5852199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852199" title="Tohu Kakahi">
Tohu Kakahi

Tohu Kakahi (c. 1828-1907) was a Māori leader, a warrior leader in the anti government Hau Hau Movement 1864-66 and later a prophet at Parihaka, who along with Te Whiti o Rongomai organised passive resistance against the occupation of Taranaki in the 1870s in New Zealand.
Details of Tohu's early life are unclear. According to some descendents he was born at Puketapu on 22 January 1828, although other locations and dates have been claimed. He was regarded as a warrior, teacher and prophet and it is said Tohu confirmed Pōtatau Te Wherowhero's son Tawhiao as the second Māori King, and was his spiritual adviser.
In November 1861 Tohu captured Bishop Selwyn during his visit to Taranaki to see Tamihana Te Rauparaha. This and his later repeated attacks against the settlers and government as part of the violent Hau hau movement convinced the government they were dealing with a war like leader. 
Along with other members of Te Ati Awa, Tohu fought in the Taranaki Wars in the mid-1860s and was one of the leaders at the 1864 attack at Sentry Hill. He was a Hauhau leader during the June 1865 attack at Te Puru and again later at Waikoukou in February 1866. The final defeat at Waikoukou marked the end of the Hauhau attempts to drive the settlers off the land by military action. Following these defeats, he joined his relative Te Whiti o Rongomai at Parihaka, south Taranaki in leading peaceful reoccupation of confiscation of Maori land. Although Tohu did not have the oratory skills of Te Whiti many Maori consider his mana to be equal to Te Whiti.
When the Waimate Plain was surveyed in 1879. Māori asserted their land rights to the confiscated land by removing survey pegs and by ploughing settlers farms and fencing across roads and settler claimed areas. Many arrests of the Māori ploughmen were made, but the campaign had support by other Maori,although the influential Tamihana Te Rauparaha consistently sided with the government. In 1881 when Te Whiti gave a warlike speech at Parihaka, it was Tohu who restrained him from violence.In November 1881 the village of Parihaka was occupied by Government troops and Tohu was arrested along with Te Whiti and hundreds of others.
Tohu and Te Whiti were charged with "wickedly, maliciously, and seditiously contriving and intending to disturb the peace" and tried in Otago 10 June 1882. Tohu was released in 1883 and returned to Parihaka but the arrests and dispersion had reduced the population and importance of Parihaka. Tohu continued to advocate traditional Māori values, and opposed alcohol and European influences at Parihaka until his death in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="5852201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852201" title="Torvill and Dean's Dancing on Ice">
Torvill and Dean's Dancing on Ice

"Torvill and Dean's Dancing on Ice" was an Australian reality television series which was based on the original British version, "Dancing on Ice". The series premiered on the Nine Network on Tuesday, 11 July 2006 at , and involved celebrities ice dancing on a specially constructed ice rink located in Sydney's north-west suburbs. The series ran for one season before being axed, and the winner of the competition was model Jake Wall. The series reportedly cost several million dollars to produce, but only regularly managed above-average ratings at best. A reunion special which would feature all ten celebrities talking about their experiences on the show, and answering questions from a live studio audience, as well as Torvill and Dean themselves making a very special guest appearance in the studio congratulating the contestants, hosts, judges and indeed, home viewers for voting, had been planned, but that too was cancelled following the show's axing.
Format.
The couples were put up against each other to compete for the prize at the end of the series. The ten celebrities have been teamed up with ten professional ice skaters and have received special training from champion ice-skating duo Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean themselves. The real stars of the show, however, were home viewers, who got to vote for their favourite couples and the couple with the least votes were voted off the show each week until a winner has been decided. The show was run in a similar format to the Seven Network's rival dancing show "Dancing with the Stars" which has been a major hit for the Seven Network over the past three years.
During training almost every contestant has suffered an injury of some sort, the most serious of which being Michael Slater severing a tendon in his hand after it was accidentally skated over by his partner. Giaan Rooney also dislocated her ankle just before the second episode of the series, and was forced to withdraw from the competition. The same thing happened to Annalise Braakensiek, who twisted her ankle during the broadcast of the fourth episode.
The show was hosted by celebrity gardener and backyard designer Jamie Durie and former "Today" weather presenter Sami Lukis. It was based on the British ITV show "Dancing on Ice", which also featured Torvill and Dean, and is also roughly similar to an earlier Nine program Skating on Thin Ice, also hosted by Durie. Kristina, Pam, Pavel and Matt were also skating partners for the celebrities in the original UK version.

</doc>
<doc id="5852203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852203" title="Westerne">
Westerne

The Westerne were an Anglo-Saxon tribe, probably in western England. The name is a genitive plural and probably means "the westerners". They occur only in the Tribal Hidage, an early eighth-century catalogue of kingdoms and principalities produced in Marcia for the purposes of tax or tribute. Little is known about them, not even precisely where they were. Their position in the Tribal Hidage list suggests a location on the western fringe of the Mercian heartland and it is possible that they are to be associated with the Magonsaetan, who occupied the lands around Leominster and Hereford. There are very few Anglo-Saxon cemeteries from the area, which may indicate that Mercian rulers took over an existing British political region, possibly that of the Romano-British civitas of the Cornovii. The Tribal Hidage assessment for the Westerne (7,000 hides ranks them alongside other minor kingdoms such as Lindsey, the Hwicce, the East Saxons and the South Saxons. It is likely that the area was ruled by an ealdorman, a senior noble representing the interest of the kings of Mercia. 
The tribe became part of the Kingdom of Mercia, but the region continued as a significant political division as late as 1016 when ealdorman Eadric led the Magonsaetan against Cnut. 
References.
• Peter Featherstone "The Tribal Hidage and the Ealdorman of Mercia" in "Mercia: an Anglo-Saxon kingdom in Europe" (2001)

</doc>
<doc id="5852205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852205" title="Willow Lake">
Willow Lake

Willow Lake may refer to:
In the United States

</doc>
<doc id="5852215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852215" title="Nartkala">
Nartkala

Nartkala (; Kabardian: ) is a town and the administrative center of Urvansky District of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia, located northeast of Nalchik. Population: 
History.
It was founded in 1913 as the railway station of Dokshukino (); town status was granted to it in 1955. It was renamed Nartkala in 1967; the current name mean the city of the Narts (ancestors of various peoples of the Caucasus).
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Nartkala serves as the administrative center of Urvansky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Nartkala is incorporated within Urvansky Municipal District as Nartkala Urban Settlement.
Demographics.
Population: 
Ethnic composition.
As of the 2002 Census, the ethnic distribution of the population was:

</doc>
<doc id="5852220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852220" title="Cray T90">
Cray T90

The Cray T90 series (code-named "Triton" during development) was the last of a line of vector processing supercomputers manufactured by Cray Research, Inc, superseding the Cray C90 series. The first machines were shipped in 1995, and featured a 2.2 ns (450 MHz) clock cycle and two-wide vector pipes, for a peak speed of 1.8 gigaflops per processor; the high clock speed arises from the CPUs being built using ECL logic. As with the Cray J90, each CPU contained a scalar data cache, in addition to the instruction buffering/caching which has always been in Cray architectures.
Configurations were available with between four and 32 processors, and with either IEEE 754 or traditional Cray floating point arithmetic; the processors shared an SRAM main memory of up to eight gigabytes, with a bandwidth of three 64-bit words per cycle per CPU (giving a 32-CPU STREAM bandwidth of 360 gigabytes per second). The clock signal is distributed via a fibre-optic harness to the processors.
The T90 series was available in three variants, the T94 (one to four processors), T916 (eight or 16 processors) and T932 (16 or 32 processors). 
It is widely considered as being slightly ahead of the state of the art at the time it was shipped; the systems were never particularly reliable. At launch, a 32-processor T932 cost $39 million.
Cray T90 systems were installed, amongst other places, at least three US government sites, at NAVOCEANO in Mississippi (Bay St. Louis) USA, at NTT and NIED in Japan, at the Ford Motor Company and at General Motors, at NOAA's Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory, at Forschungszentrum Jülich in Germany, and at the Commissariat à l'Energie Atomique in France.
The system chassis weighs , contains of fluorinert coolant, and is approximately the shape and size of a very large chest freezer, paneled in black and gold plastic.
Its successor, some years after the last T90s shipped, was the Cray X1.

</doc>
<doc id="5852232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852232" title="List of U-boats never deployed">
List of U-boats never deployed

During the Second World War, the German Navy built over a thousand U-boats or submarines for service in the Battle of the Atlantic and elsewhere. Although the majority of these had active service careers, and 784 of them were lost at sea, there were still several hundred boats which were never completed or completed too late to see any war service. These boats were sometime solely commissioned as training craft, or were too badly damaged by bombing to be worth completion. Most however were finished in the last six months of the war and never had time or enough fuel to complete their training programs. These boats remained in German harbours up until April/May 1945, when most were taken out to sea by skeleton crews and scuttled to prevent the allies capturing them. The boats that were captured were taken by the Allies to Loch Ryan in Scotland and Lisahally in Ireland. Some were presented to allied navies for commissioning or experiments, but the majority of captured U-boats were towed out to sea in the autumn of 1945 and sunk by gunfire in Operation Deadlight. 

</doc>
<doc id="5852243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852243" title="Maysky, Kabardino-Balkar Republic">
Maysky, Kabardino-Balkar Republic

Maysky () is a town and the administrative center of Maysky District of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia, located northeast of Nalchik. Population: 
History.
A Russian military outpost of Prishib was founded in 1819. It was re-organized as the "stanitsa" of Prishibskaya in 1829. In 1875, Kotlyarevskaya railway station was built south of the "stanitsa" and a settlement formed around it in 1888. In 1920, that settlement was renamed Prishibsky, in 1925—Maysky. In 1959, the settlement and the "stanitsa" were merged into the urban-type settlement of Maysky, which was granted town status in 1965.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Maysky serves as the administrative center of Maysky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Maysky, together with five rural localities, is incorporated within Maysky Municipal District as Maysky Urban Settlement.
Demographics.
Population: 
Ethnic composition.
As of the 2002 Census, the ethnic distribution of the population was:

</doc>
<doc id="5852255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852255" title="AD Sala 10">
AD Sala 10

Agrupación Deportiva Sala 10 is a futsal club based in Zaragoza, city of the province of Zaragoza in the autonomous community of Aragon.
The club was founded in 1987 and her stadium is Pabellón Siglo XXI with 2,600 seaters.
The club has the sponsorship of Umacon [http://www.umacon.com/].

</doc>
<doc id="5852262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852262" title="Baksan (town)">
Baksan (town)

Baksan () is a town in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia, located northwest of Nalchik on the left bank of the Baksan River (Terek's basin). Population: 
History.
It was founded in 1822 as a Russian military settlement. In the 1860s, the Kabarda settlement of Kuchmazukino was founded to the east of Baksan; it was renamed Staraya Krepost in 1920. In 1891, to the west of the settlement, the "selo" of Baksan was founded. Baksan and Staraya Krepost were merged in 1960. Urban-type settlement status was granted to it in 1965; town status was granted in 1967.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Baksan serves as the administrative center of Baksansky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is, together with one rural locality, incorporated separately as the town of republic significance of Baksan—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the town of republic significance of Baksan is incorporated as Baksan Urban Okrug.
Demographics.
In 2002, population included:

</doc>
<doc id="5852272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852272" title="Cheshire dialect">
Cheshire dialect

The Cheshire dialect is a North-west Midlands English dialect. It is an amalgamation of the dialects of the surrounding counties of Lancashire, Staffordshire, Shropshire and Derbyshire.
History.
The dialect has existed for centuries and is distinct from standard British English. The works of the 14th century poets; such as, "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight" and "Gawain" poet are written in this dialect. This also includes the religious poem "St. Erkenwald", which dates from the late fourteenth or early fifteenth century. Cheshire author Alan Garner states "Of course "Cheshire dialect" has changed, as all living language changes, since the time of the "Gawain" poet. But when I read sections of the poem aloud to my father, he knew, and used, more than 90% of the vocabulary; and the phonetics of the vowels have scarcely changed."
Early references include English proverbs and dialect words collected by John Ray in the 17th century, and a glossary of Cheshire words, compiled by Roger Wilbraham in 1817 and expanded in 1826. These sources were expanded by Egerton Leigh in a glossary published posthumously in 1877, which was an attempt to preserve a way of speech that was already under threat from "emigration, railways, and the blending of shires." Leigh notes that some words collected by Ray had already disappeared. Later reference works include Thomas Darlington's "Folk-speech of South Cheshire" (1887) and Peter Wright's "The Cheshire Chatter" (1979).
Characteristics and usage.
Cheshire dialect contains some words that are distinct from standard English, such as "shippen" for cattle-house. According to Leigh, most unique Cheshire words derive from Anglo-Saxon; "shippen" is from "scypen". Other words derive from transposition, for example, "waps" for "wasp" and "neam" for "name". The British Library Sound Archive contains recordings of the dialect from various parts of the county. A number of authors have written in Cheshire dialect, including poetry by H. V. Lucas ("Homage to Cheshire"; 1939–60) and Rowland Egerton-Warburton ("Hunting Songs"; 1877), and prose by Beatrice Tunstall.

</doc>
<doc id="5852288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852288" title="Mitsubishi 8A8 engine">
Mitsubishi 8A8 engine

The Mitsubishi 8A8 engine is a range of V8 powerplants produced by Mitsubishi Motors since 1999. The only variant to date is the "8A80", a 4.5 L with double overhead camshafts and gasoline direct injection (GDI) technology. Financial pressures forced the company to discontinue sales of the Proudia and Dignity, the only vehicles in its range to which it was fitted, after only fifteen months.
However, the two vehicles were developed in partnership with the Hyundai Motor Company of South Korea, with whom Mitsubishi has had a longstanding relationship. While Mitsubishi makes the cylinder heads and other GDI-related equipment, Hyundai casts the aluminium block, and other major internal components. Hyundai's version of the Proudia/Dignity, the Equus, proved more successful, and this has been the sole application of the powerplant since 2001. Hyundai replaced the engine with its newly developed "Tau" V8 in 2008 when the second generation rear wheel drive Equus replaced the first model.

</doc>
<doc id="5852293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852293" title="Haldeman">
Haldeman

Haldeman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5852295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852295" title="Brian McConnell, Baron McConnell">
Brian McConnell, Baron McConnell

Robert William Brian McConnell, Baron McConnell (25 November 1922 – 25 October 2000) was an Ulster Unionist MP in the Northern Ireland House of Commons.
The grandson of Sir Robert McConnell, 1st Baronet, he was schooled at Sedbergh School and at Queen's University, Belfast where he read law, subsequently being called to the Bar of Northern Ireland. 
Starting off as a Junior Unionist, Brian McConnell attended the Conservative Conference in Brighton as an Ulster Unionist delegate in 1947, at which he made a warmly received address on one of the resolutions before the conference of over 3,500. He was first elected to Stormont at the Northern Ireland general election, 1953. In 1962 Lord Brookeborough appointed him Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Finance (Government Chief Whip), and after holding a junior office at the relatively new Ministry of Health, he became Minister of Home Affairs in 1964 in the government of Terence O'Neill.
In 1966 however Ian Paisley led a protest to the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland for the installation of a new Moderator. At the protest the Governor of Northern Ireland, Lord Erskine was jostled on his way into the building, an incident which was attributed to the future ill health and ultimately the death of Lady Erskine. This was largely blamed on McConnell (who was in London at the time), and his period in elected office was effectively over.
Always a close associate of James Molyneaux, McConnell was raised to a life peerage as Baron McConnell, of Lisburn in the County of Antrim on 15 February 1995, reportedly owing to the then Prime Minister's reliance on Ulster Unionist votes to maintain his minority government. Molyneaux was criticized for the nomination of McConnell owing to his age when it was felt that a younger candidate could have been nominated.
An active member of the House of Lords, McConnell died on 25 October 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5852296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852296" title="Basic Latin">
Basic Latin

Basic Latin may refer to:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5852297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852297" title="Ali Hariri">
Ali Hariri

Ali Hariri (1009-1079 / 1425–1495) was among the first well-known Kurdish poets who wrote in Kurdish. He was from the Hakkari region of Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="5852301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852301" title="Barking Riverside">
Barking Riverside

Barking Riverside is a large area of redevelopment in East London, England. It is being built on land formerly occupied by Barking Power Station, adjacent to the River Thames. Purchased by Bellway Homes in 1994, the brownfield site has planning permission for 10,800 homes, of which only 1,200 can be built until improved public transport access is provided. Initially proposed to be served by an extension of the Docklands Light Railway, it was announced as part of the 2014 United Kingdom budget that the London Overground would be extended to Barking Riverside to allow the development to be completed as planned. Between 1995 and 2000 Bellway built 900 homes and since 2004 the development has been managed by Barking Riverside Ltd, a partnership between GLA Land and Property and Bellway. Building work under this partnership commenced in 2010 and the first homes were occupied in 2012. It is intended to have three neighbourhood centres and when complete it will have a population of approximately 26,000.
History.
Toponymy.
Barking is an ancient parish name, found in the Domesday Book of 1086. The appellation 'Barking Riverside' refers to the location adjacent to the River Thames. Initially the name Barking Reach was selected for the area.
Governance.
The site is in the London Riverside section of the Thames Gateway and was within the area of the London Thames Gateway Development Corporation (LTGDC), established in 2004. The development corporation was abolished in 2013 and responsibility passed to the GLA Land and Property (GLAP) subsidiary of the Greater London Authority (GLA). The project was jointly managed by the Homes and Communities Agency until its London operations were folded into the GLA in April 2012. In 2004 Barking Riverside Ltd was formed as a joint venture of Bellway Homes and the Homes and Communities Agency (later replaced by GLAP) to deliver the project. Outline planning permission was granted in August 2007, with detailed consent for the first phases given in June 2009.
Built environment.
The development is taking place on brownfield land that was formerly occupied by Barking Power Station. Prior to being drained for industrial use, it was tidal marshland. The power station closed in 1981, with a concentration of National Grid pylons, overhead lines, cables and sub stations remaining. National Power sold the land to Bellway Homes in 1994. The site has low land value, but the cost of converting it from industrial use caused Bellway to be concerned about profitability. Initially Bellway constructed 900 homes on the site between 1995 and 2000, but these were criticised for poor design and for being cut off from services. Barking Riverside Ltd provided essential infrastructure such as roads, utilities and community facilities. Work started in 2010, and the first homes following the establishment of Barking Riverside Ltd were completed and occupied in 2012.
Governance.
The local authority is Barking and Dagenham London Borough Council. The development is within the Thames ward, which returns three councillors. For elections to the London Assembly it is part of the City and East constituency. For elections to the UK Parliament it is within the Barking constituency.
Geography.
The site has planning permission for 10,800 homes and is expected to have a population of approximately 26,000 people. It is located between the A13 road and Barking–Rainham railway line to the north and the River Thames to the south. It has of riverside frontage. It is intended to have three neighbourhood centres. To the north is the Thames View Estate and to the west is the settlement of Creekmouth. To the south of Barking Riverside and over the River Thames is the large housing development of Thamesmead.
Culture and community.
The Rivergate Centre is a community centre that houses halls for hire, a cafe, the George Carey Primary School, the Rivergate Church and the Riverside Secondary School.
Transport.
Barking Riverside is connected to Barking, Ilford and Dagenham Dock by the East London Transit bus rapid transit service. Planning regulations limit the number of homes to 1,200 until adequate public transport is provided. Initially, a Docklands Light Railway extension to Dagenham Dock was proposed to serve the area. This project was cancelled in 2008 and revived in 2009, but is without funding. It was announced as part of the 2014 United Kingdom budget that the Gospel Oak to Barking Line of the London Overground would be extended to Barking Riverside.

</doc>
<doc id="5852306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852306" title="Combining Diacritical Marks Supplement">
Combining Diacritical Marks Supplement

Combining Diacritical Marks Supplement is a Unicode block containing combining characters for the Uralic Phonetic Alphabet and Medievalist notations. It is an extension of the diacritic characters found in the Combining Diacritical Marks block.

</doc>
<doc id="5852307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852307" title="Combining Diacritical Marks">
Combining Diacritical Marks

Combining Diacritical Marks is a Unicode block containing the most common combining characters. It also contains the Combining Grapheme Joiner, which prevents canonical reordering of combining characters, and despite the name, actually separates characters that would otherwise be considered a single grapheme in a given context.

</doc>
<doc id="5852308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852308" title="Hermaea">
Hermaea

Hermaea may be:

</doc>
<doc id="5852321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852321" title="Donald Ensenat">
Donald Ensenat

Donald B. Ensenat (born February 4, 1946) is a retired American diplomat. Until his retirement in 2007, he served as United States Chief of Protocol at the United States Department of State.
Personal.
Ensenat is a native of Louisiana. He is a graduate of the Isidore Newman School in New Orleans, Yale University, and the Tulane University Law School. As an undergraduate, he was a roommate of George W. Bush at Yale College. In the 1960s and 1970s, Ensenat served as a military reservist.
Career.
Ensenat is a lawyer, and formerly served as Ambassador to Brunei.

</doc>
<doc id="5852326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852326" title="Hallie Rubenhold">
Hallie Rubenhold

Hallie Rubenhold is a British historian.
Rubenhold was born in Los Angeles and undertook a BA in History at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. She then gained an MA in British History and History of Art and an MPhil in History from the University of Leeds, on subject of marriage and child-rearing in the eighteenth century. Having worked in the commercial art world and as an assistant curator for the National Portrait Gallery.
In 2005, she wrote an accessible history of Harris's List of Covent Garden Ladies and its author in her book "The Covent Garden Ladies: Pimp General Jack and the Extraordinary Story of Harris' List", and in 2008 published "The Harlot's Handbook: Harris's List", a selection of the directories "funniest, rudest and most surreal entries".
The BBC later adapted the material for a documentary, presented by Rubenhold herself. "The Harlots Handbook" was shown on Thursday 29 June 2006, between 9.30pm and 10pm. Rubenhold's work also served as the inspiration for the Channel 4 drama series City of Vice. She also appeared on BBC 2's "Balderdash and Piffle", discussing the origins of merkins with burlesque star Immodesty Blaize and on BBC 4's Age of Excess. In 2010 she contributed to the BBC series "The Beauty of Maps" and to "History Cold Case" and to Channel 4's 'Titanic: The Mission'.
Her book, "Lady Worsley's Whim", published in November 2008 is an account of one of the eighteenth-century's most sensational sex scandals, the criminal conversation case of Sir Richard Worsley against Maurice George Bisset for having committed adultery with Seymour Dorothy Fleming. It featured as BBC Radio 4's Book of the Week from the 3rd of November.
Rubenhold's most recent work,"Mistress of My Fate" is an historic novel set on the eve of the French Revolution. It is the first book in the Confessions of Henrietta Lightfoot series.
Married, Rubenhold lives in North London.

</doc>
<doc id="5852327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852327" title="Segezha">
Segezha

Segezha (; ; ) is a town and the administrative center of Segezhsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located north of Petrozavodsk on the Segezha River and on the western shore of Lake Vygozero. Population: 
History.
It was founded as a railway station on Murmansk Railway in 1915. A small settlement grew around the station; it was granted town status in 1943. The area around Segezha held many of the early camps within the Soviet gulag system and was known as Segezhlag.
Segezha still where Penal Colony 7 is located (). In June 2011, the Mikhail Khodorkovsky was moved here to serve his sentence.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Segezha serves as the administrative center of Segezhsky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Segezha is incorporated within Segezhsky Municipal District as Segezhskoye Urban Settlement.
Economy.
Segezha is the location of the Segezha Pulp and Paper Mill, one of the largest pulp and paper companies in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="5852328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852328" title="11th Marine Expeditionary Unit">
11th Marine Expeditionary Unit

The 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit (11th MEU) is one of seven Marine Expeditionary Units currently in existence in the United States Marine Corps. The Marine Expeditionary Unit is a Marine Air Ground Task Force with a strength of about 2,200 personnel. The MEU consists of a command element, a reinforced infantry battalion, a composite helicopter squadron and a logistics combat element. The 11th MEU is currently based out of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California with headquarters in Camp Del Mar.
Mission.
The mission of the MEU is to provide geographic combatant commanders with a forward-deployed, rapid-response force capable of conducting conventional amphibious and selected maritime special operations at night or under adverse weather conditions from the sea, by surface and/or by air while under communications and electronics restrictions.
History.
Early years.
The 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU), originally designated the 17th Marine Amphibious Unit (MAU), formed at Camp Pendleton, California on 13 April 1979.
The MAU was created to plan and participate in large-scale amphibious training exercises. In its early days, the unit also fulfilled requirements for a west coast based MAU to respond to contingencies, but was normally activated and deactivated based largely upon scheduled amphibious landing exercises directed by the Commander, Third Fleet. During this time, the billet of MAU Commanding Officer alternated between Regimental and Aircraft Group Commanders who filled the billet in six-month increments as a secondary duty during their tenures in command.
In 1983, the Marine Corps directed a change that resulted in the first renaming of the 17th MAU. The decision was made to “source” the continuously deployed Western Pacific (WESTPAC) MAUs from I Marine Amphibious Force units in Southern California. Previously, their units came from the 1st Marine Brigade in Hawaii. This resulted in the renaming of the 17th MAU to the 11th MAU on 20 July 1984.
A second name change took place on 5 February 1988, when the Marine Corps more clearly defined the multiple capabilities of its Marine Air-Ground Task Forces. “Amphibious” was changed to “Expeditionary,” and the unit was given its current designation – the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit.
While the unit's designation has changed, the mission of the 11th MEU has remained largely unchanged. The MEU is an expeditionary intervention force with the ability to move quickly on short notice, to wherever needed to accomplish conventional or special operations. The strength of the MEU (Special Operations Capable) resides in the inherent combined arms capability while operating from forward-deployed amphibious shipping.
1990s.
In order to accomplish this mission, the MEU’s continually train to maintain the required combat readiness, while simultaneously fulfilling worldwide training and contingency commitments. The 11th MEU has completed several major deployments to the Western Pacific, Indian Ocean, and Persian Gulf. It has participated in numerous training exercises/operations from the coast of California to the shores of Somalia, and as far inland as Bujumbura, Burundi and in Central Africa.
During its 1998 deployment, the 11th MEU conducted Operation Safe Departure. This was a Noncombatant Evacuation Operation, which took place in Asmara, Eritrea, on 6 June 1998. The evacuation of noncombatant civilians and third-world nationals was conducted as a precautionary measure to ensure their safety in the midst of a heated border dispute between Eritrea and Ethiopia. All total, 172 persons, to include 105 Americans, were safely evacuated to Amman, Jordan, via KC-130 aerial transport.
During its 1999 deployment, the 11th MEU supported Operation Stabilise in East Timor from 25 October 1999 to 27 November 1999. The MEU was called on to provide support to International Forces, East Timor (INTERFET) delivering more than 1.5 million pounds of food and supplies to the Australian-led peacekeeping forces and East Timorese.
Iraq War.
On 24 February 2003, the 11th MEU Command Element deployed to Kuwait in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and later Operation Iraqi Freedom. On 5 March 2003, the Commanding General, I Marine Expeditionary Force (I MEF), designated the 11th MEU as Task Force Yankee (TFY), named in memory of the victims of the 11 September terrorist attacks. The following units were soon attached to the new task force: 2nd Battalion, 6th Marines; Sensitive Site Team No. 3, 75th Exploitation Task Force, U.S. Army; and Company C, 478th Engineer Battalion, U.S. Army. TFY’s responsibilities were varied and challenging. They included: planning and operation of the MEF Enemy Prisoner of War (EPW) temporary holding facility; force protection for Camp Commando, MEF Main in Iraq, ships transiting uncertain waters in the region, and MEF’s primary ammunition supply point; initial investigations of suspected Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) sites; coordination of security plans for designated air bases, logistic support areas and lines of communication in Iraq; and Phase IV planning. The 11th MEU returned to the United States on 20 May.
On 31 July 2004 the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit, under the Polish-led Multinational Division Central-South (MND-CS), assumed operational control of the Iraqi provinces of An Najaf and Al Qadisiyah from Task Force Dragon, composed of elements of the 1st Infantry Division. During August 2004, the MEU, led an assault consisting of 1st Battalion, 4th Marines; 1st Battalion, 5th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division; and 2nd Battalion, 7th Cavalry Regiment, 1st Cavalry Division, against the Islamist Mahdi Army of Muqtada al-Sadr in Najaf. The battle ended with a negotiated ceasefire later that month. The MEU remained in Najaf until February 2005 overseeing reconstruction and solatia payments.
From November 2007 until 2 June 2008 the 11th MEU was deployed throughout the western Pacific and Persian Gulf. During this float they took part in exercises in the Horn of Africa and Kuwait.
At Home.
Elements of the 11th MEU were deployed and actively participated and assisted with the Hurricane Katrina relief effort shortly after the storm. The 11th MEU was temporarily based in Mississippi and the John C. Stennis Space Center.

</doc>
<doc id="5852332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852332" title="Pai River">
Pai River

The Pai River (, , ) originates in the mountains of the Daen Lao Range, Pai District, Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand. The river flows first in a N/S direction and then in an E/W direction down to Mueang Mae Hong Son District and across the Thai/Burmese border. The river tributes the Salween River in Kayah State, Burma. It is 180 km long. 
The Pai river is popular for whitewater rafting and offers several options. The river ranges from class I rapids to class V and everything in between. The Pai river offers a scenic view of mountain forest and many choose to camp along the quiet river banks.

</doc>
<doc id="5852337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852337" title="Lakhdenpokhya">
Lakhdenpokhya

Lakhdenpokhya (; ) is a town and the administrative center of Lakhdenpokhsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located west of Petrozavodsk on the Aurayoki River. Population: 
History.
Town status was granted to it in 1945.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Lakhdenpokhya serves as the administrative center of Lakhdenpokhsky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Lakhdenpokhya, together with the station of Yakkima, is incorporated within Lakhdenpokhsky Municipal District as Lakhdenpokhskoye Urban Settlement.
Transportation.
The town serves as a railway station on the Vyborg–Joensuu railway.

</doc>
<doc id="5852340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852340" title="Jacob Duché">
Jacob Duché

The Reverend Jacob Duché (1737–1798) was a Rector of Christ Church in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and the first chaplain to the Continental Congress.
Duché was born in Philadelphia in 1737, the son of Colonel Jacob Duché, Sr., later mayor of Philadelphia (1761–1762) and grandson of Anthony Duché, a French Huguenot refugee who accompanied William Penn to Pennsylvania. He was educated at the Philadelphia Academy and then in the first class of the College of Philadelphia (now the University of Pennsylvania), where he also worked as a tutor of Greek and Latin. After graduating as valedictorian in 1757, he studied briefly at Cambridge University before being ordained an Anglican clergyman by the Bishop of London and returning to the colonies.
In 1759 he married Elizabeth Hopkinson, sister of Francis Hopkinson, a signer of the Declaration of Independence.
Duché first came to the attention of the First Continental Congress in September 1774, when he was summoned to Carpenters' Hall to lead the opening prayers. Opening the session on the 7th of that month, he read the 35th Psalm, and then broke into extemporaneous prayer.
"O Lord our Heavenly Father, high and mighty King of kings, and Lord of lords, who dost from thy throne behold all the dwellers on earth and reignest with power supreme and uncontrolled over all the Kingdoms, Empires and Governments; look down in mercy, we beseech thee, on these our American States, who have fled to thee from the rod of the oppressor and thrown themselves on Thy gracious protection, desiring to be henceforth dependent only on Thee, to Thee have they appealed for the righteousness of their cause; to Thee do they now look up for that countenance and support, which Thou alone canst give; take them, therefore, Heavenly Father, under Thy nurturing care; give them wisdom in Council and valor in the field; defeat the malicious designs of our cruel adversaries; convince them of the unrighteousness of their Cause and if they persist in their sanguinary purposes, of own unerring justice, sounding in their hearts, constrain them to drop the weapons of war from their unnerved bands in the day of battle!<br><br>
"Be Thou present, O God of wisdom, and direct the councils of this honorable assembly; enable them to settle things on the best and surest foundation. That the scene of blood may be speedily closed; that order, harmony and peace may be effectually restored, and truth and justice, religion and piety, prevail and flourish amongst The people. Preserve the health of their bodies and vigor of their minds; shower down on them and the millions they here represent, such temporal blessings as Thou seest expedient for them in this world and crown them with everlasting glory in the world to come. All this we ask In the name and through the merits of Jesus Christ, Thy Son and our Savior.<br><br>
"Amen."
The prayer had a profound effect on the delegates, as recounted by John Adams to his wife.
On July 4, 1776, when the United States Declaration of Independence was ratified, Duché, meeting with the church's vestry, passed a resolution stating that the name of King George III of Great Britain was no longer to be read in the prayers of the church. Duché complied, crossing out said prayers from his Book of Common Prayer, committing an act of treason against England, an extraordinary and dangerous act for a clergyman who had taken an oath of loyalty to the King. On July 9, Congress elected him its first official chaplain.
When the British occupied Philadelphia in September 1777, Duché was arrested and detained, underlining the seriousness of his actions. He was later released, at which time he wrote a famous letter to General George Washington, camped at Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, in which he begged him to lay down arms and negotiate for peace with the British. Suddenly, Duché went from hero of the Revolutionary cause to outcast in the new United States. He was convicted of high treason to the State of Pennsylvania, and his estate was confiscated. In consequence, Duché fled to England, where he was appointed chaplain to the Lambeth orphan asylum, and soon made a reputation as an eloquent preacher. He was not able to return to America until 1792, after he had suffered a stroke.
On October 1, 1777, Congress appointed joint chaplains, William White, Duché's successor at Christ Church, and George Duffield, pastor of the Third Presbyterian Church of Philadelphia.
Duché died in 1798 in Philadelphia, where he is buried in St. Peter's churchyard.
His daughter, Elizabeth Sophia Duché (born on September 18, 1774, Philadelphia; died on December 11, 1808, Montréal), married Captain John Henry in 1799. Henry was an Army officer and political adventurer who was indirectly instrumental in the declaration of war on Great Britain by the United States in 1812.

</doc>
<doc id="5852348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852348" title="Nagamese Creole">
Nagamese Creole

Nagamese ("Naga Pidgin") is a creole used in Nagaland. It is based on Assamese. Since Nagaland is inhabited by people belonging to different Naga tribes speaking languages which are mutually unintelligible, Nagamese is the preferred form of communication for all. It is used in the Nagaland Legislature, as a means of explanation in Nagaland schools and in mixed households. It has been described as a creole, which was stable by 1936 and which is unlikely to decreolize. English is the official language of Nagaland and 67.11% of the population is educated.
Nagamese has two cases, two tenses, three aspectual distinctions and no gender. It shares a large part of its lexicon with Assamese.

</doc>
<doc id="5852351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852351" title="Latin script in Unicode">
Latin script in Unicode

The Latin script and many derived characters are encoded in Unicode, as of version 6.1, in the following blocks:
The "extended" ranges contain mainly precomposed diacritics that may be equivalently encoded with combining diacritics, as well as some ligatures, used in the orthography of various African languages (including click symbols in Latin Extended-B) and the Vietnamese alphabet (Latin Extended Additional).
Latin Extended-C contains additions for Uighur and the Claudian letters. Latin Extended-D is made up of characters that are mostly of interest to medievalists.

</doc>
<doc id="5852354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852354" title="Hapoel Bnei Lod F.C.">
Hapoel Bnei Lod F.C.

Hapoel Bnei Lod Rakevet F.C. () are a football club, from the central Israeli city of Lod. The club plays in an all-red strip, and are currently in Liga Leumit, the second tier of Israeli football. Home matches are played at the Lod Municipal Stadium.
History.
The club was founded in the 1980s by a merger of Bnei Lod and Rakevet Lod. In 2003-04 they won Liga Bet. The following season the club won Liga Alef and promotion to Liga Artzit (the third tier). The winning run continued in 2005-06 as the club claimed the Liga Artzit championship to win promotion to Liga Leumit.

</doc>
<doc id="5852362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852362" title="Tricia O'Neil">
Tricia O'Neil

Tricia O'Neil (born March 11, 1945) is an American actress.
Born in Shreveport, Louisiana, O'Neil began her career as a model and cover girl before turning to acting. She first appeared in television commercials, then was cast many popular television series. She played Dr. Maggie "Mo" Sullivan in the early, first season episode "Black Day at Bad Rock" of "The A-Team" (NBC, 1983), and was popular enough to be one of the very few guest characters to return in a later episode (the second season episode "Deadly Maneuveres", 1983). Other appearances include "Hart To Hart" (1979, ABC), as female stunt woman "Charlie" in the episode of the same name in the first season of "The Fall Guy" (1981, ABC), "Remington Steele" (1982), as conniving "other woman" Ashley Vickers in the pilot episode of "Murder, She Wrote" (1984, CBS), as a pushy reporter in the second season episode "Catch Of The Day" in "Riptide" (1984, NBC), and as the owner of a travelling Wild West Rodeo show in the third season "Airwolf" episode "Annie Oakley" (1985).
She portrayed the first female captain of an "Enterprise"-series starship (NCC-1701-C) in ' (1987, syndicated), in the episode "Yesterday's Enterprise" and the Klingon Kurak, in the episode "" (1993). Later she guest-starred on ' as Cardassian Korinas in the episode "".
She also guest starred in a "Babylon 5" season one episode, "Believers" (1994), as "M'ola". Later on she played the Earth Alliance President in the "Babylon 5" TV movie "" (1998).
O'Neil's screen credits include "The Gumball Rally", "" and "Titanic".
O'Neil received a Theatre World Award for her performance in the Broadway musical "Two by Two" with Danny Kaye.

</doc>
<doc id="5852363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852363" title="Khao Yai (disambiguation)">
Khao Yai (disambiguation)

Khao Yai, meaning "large mountain" in Thai language, usually refers to an area in the Sankamphaeng mountain range of Thailand which is now Khao Yai National Park.
Khao Yai may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5852370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852370" title="Suoyarvi">
Suoyarvi

Suoyarvi (; ; ) is a town and the administrative center of Suoyarvsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located northwest of Petrozavodsk. Population: 
History.
It is known that during the 16th and 17th centuries a settlement existed here known as Shuyezersky "pogost" (a Russian form of the local Karelian name, meaning something like "swamp town"). The first documented mention dates from 1589 when Suoyarvi is recorded as church community controlled by the Orthodox community of Sortavala. In 1630, Suoyarvi became an independent community.
An outcome of the Winter War was that most of West Karelia was occupied by the Soviet Union in 1940, when Suoyarvi was granted town status. In August 1941, the territory was re-occupied by Finnish troops, but as part of the wider post-war settlement, it reverted to the Soviets in 1944; it was the second largest territory by area (after Petsamo) ceded by Finland to the Soviet Union following the Continuation War.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Suoyarvi serves as the administrative center of Suoyarvsky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Suoyarvi is incorporated within Suoyarvsky Municipal District as Suoyarvskoye Urban Settlement.
Transportation.
The town serves as a railway junction along the railway line linking St. Petersburg with Petrozavodsk. From Suoyarvi, a line branches off to Yushkozero and Kostomuksha.

</doc>
<doc id="5852378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852378" title="Area code 719">
Area code 719

Area code 719 is a telephone area code serving the state of Colorado. It covers Colorado Springs, Pueblo, Monument, Leadville, Alamosa, Monte Vista, the San Luis Valley, Cañon City, Trinidad, Rocky Ford, La Junta and southeastern Colorado. It split from area code 303 on March 5, 1988.
See also.
List of Colorado area codes

</doc>
<doc id="5852390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852390" title="Manju Sarkar">
Manju Sarkar

Manju Sarkar (), (Bengali calendar-1360), full name Abul Manju Sarkar, is a modern Bangladeshi author, who lives in Narayanganj in Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="5852392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852392" title="Pitkyaranta">
Pitkyaranta

Pitkyaranta (; ; ) is a town and the administrative center of Pitkyarantsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located on the northeastern coast of Lake Ladoga. Population: 
History.
It was founded in the 19th century. Town status was granted to it on July 9, 1940.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Pitkyaranta serves as the administrative center of Pitkyarantsky District, to which it is directly subordinated. As a municipal division, the town of Pitkyaranta, together with three rural localities, is incorporated within Pitkyarantsky Municipal District as Pitkyarantskoye Urban Settlement.
International relations.
Twin towns and sister cities.
Pitkyaranta is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="5852399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5852399" title="Area code 970">
Area code 970

Area Code 970: Colorado
Area code 970 is an area code serving the state of Colorado. It covers Aspen, Vail, Durango, Grand Junction, Fort Collins, Estes Park and most of the western and northern parts of Colorado. It split from area code 303 on April 2, 1995.
See also.
List of Colorado area codes

</doc>
