<doc id="5908454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908454" title="Sailing (Christopher Cross song)">
Sailing (Christopher Cross song)

"Sailing" is a song written and recorded by American artist Christopher Cross. It was released in June 1980 as the second single from his eponymous debut album. The song was a success in the USA, winning Grammy Awards for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Arrangement of the Year, and helping Cross win the Best New Artist award. VH1 named this the greatest "softsational soft rock" music song of all time.
It was a number-one single on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the United States, reaching that position on August 30, 1980, for one week. Since its debut, it has been covered by many artists, including Avant, Barry Manilow, Greenskeepers, 'N Sync, Phajja, Patrick Yandall and, as a duo, Moya Brennan & Cormac de Barra. Recorded in 1979, the song was one of the first digitally recorded songs, utilizing the 3M Digital Recording System. In his Grammy acceptance speech, Christopher acknowledged "Sailing" as his favorite song on the album and that originally it was not meant to be a single.
In popular culture.
The Mexican airline AeroMéxico used the theme during the mid-1980s as a jingle for its advertisements; it was also used for the cigarette brand Winston.
"Sailing" has been sampled in several other songs, including Puff Daddy's "Best Friend" (1999) and Bone Thugs-n-Harmony's "Paradise" (2006), and Chris Brown's "Can't Let You Go." Dr. Octagon's song "Blue Flowers Revisited" (1996) contains a brief interpolation of the chorus.
"Sailing" has been covered by many artists, including 'N Sync and the cast of Glee in which they featured on the episode "Britney/Brittany". It can also be heard on British animated film "Flushed Away" and American animated comedy TV series Family Guy in the 12th season episode "Finders Keepers".

</doc>
<doc id="5908458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908458" title="SS Justicia">
SS Justicia

SS "Justicia" was a British troopship sunk during the First World War. She was laid down as the SS "Statendam", a 32,234 gross-ton ocean liner built for the Holland America Line by Harland and Wolff in Belfast. Before the ship was completed she was acquired by the British government and operated on behalf of the shipping controller by the White Star Line.
After several trips as a troopship she was torpedoed by a German U-boat off the British Isles in 1918 while sailing unladen.
History.
"Statendam" was launched on 9 July 1914 and after her christening work began on fitting her for service. Before this could be completed, the First World War broke out and work stopped for one year. In 1915 the British government requisitioned the "Statendam" for use as a troopship. The ship was at first given to the Cunard Line to manage because of the sinking of the , and the ship was renamed "Justicia" (Latin for justice) because of their traditional ship suffix -ia. Cunard had difficulty in assembling a crew for the "Justicia", so the ship was reassigned to the White Star Line, who had the crew of the sunken available. The ship’s grey hull was repainted in a dazzle camouflage scheme, and she went on to transport troops successfully.
Torpedoing.
On 19 July 1918 "Justicia" sailed unladen from Belfast to New York escorted by destroyers. While 23 miles south of Skerryvore, Scotland, she was torpedoed by the German Type III Coastal U-boat , under the command of Otto von Schrader. "Justicia" took on a list but the watertight doors were closed in time, temporarily preventing her from sinking. "UB-64" then fired two more torpedoes at "Justicia", striking her side. A fourth torpedo struck the wounded "Justicia" but she still remained afloat. The escorts were able to damage "UB-64", which departed the area, while radioing in "Justicia"s position. 
Most of the crew were evacuated, leaving only a small number on board. "Justicia"s engines were still operable and the tug took her in tow, in an attempt to beach the stricken ship at a suitable location near Lough Swilly.
The following day, found the "Justicia" and fired two more torpedoes just after 9:00 am, which struck her amidships. By noon the remaining crew had been evacuated and the vessel rolled onto her starboard side and sank. 16 crew members were killed.
In total, "Justicia" had been hit by six torpedoes. The destroyers , , and attacked with depth charges and sank "UB-124" with gunfire after she surfaced.
Today, the wreck of the "Justicia" lies north-west of Malin Head, Ireland in waters 68 metres (223 ft) deep.

</doc>
<doc id="5908459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908459" title="Kist people">
Kist people

The Kists (, ) are a Chechen subethnos in Georgia. They primarily live in the Pankisi Gorge, in the eastern Georgian region of Kakheti, where there are approximately 5,000 Kist people.
Origins.
The Kist people's origins can be traced back to their ancestral land in lower Chechnya. In the 1830s and 1870s they have migrated to the eastern Georgian Pankisi Gorge and some adjoining lands of the provinces of Tusheti and Kakheti. Named "Kists" (ქისტები) in Georgian, they are closely related culturally, linguistically and ethnically to other Nakh-speaking peoples such as Ingushs and Chechens, but their customs and traditions share many similarities also with the eastern Georgian mountaineers.
Around the same region of Georgia, there is also a related but still different community of Northeast Caucasian origin called Bats.
Geographic distribution.
Currently there are six Kist villages in Pankisi: Duisi, Dzibakhevi, Jokolo, Shua Khalatsani, Omalo (different from the village of Omalo in Tusheti), and Birkiani. The Kist community remains quite small and are scattered across northeast Georgia, but in the past decade the number of residents in the Pankisi area has at least doubled due to an influx of refugees from the neighboring Chechnya.
In 1989, it was calculated that Pankisi was about 43% Kist, 29% Georgian and 28% Ossetian, but many of the Ossetians later fled as a result of the more hostile situation due to the Georgian-Ossetian conflict. 
Relationships between the local Ossetians and Georgians and between the Kists and Ossetians have become tense, but remains largely peaceful as of today. The Ossetian inhabitants are sympathetic to the Chechen refugees, whom they see as protecting them against oppression by the Kists. The Ossetians feel pressured by the Kists and have been leaving their villages in the Pankisi Gorge to resettle in Northern Ossetia. Because they often cannot sell their properties, they leave behind cultivated lands and houses built over many generations. Kists and Chechen refugees have settled in these abandoned houses. In this manner, the Ossetian villages of Dumasturi, Kvemo Khalatsani, and Tsinubani were vacated from 1998 to 2002.
History.
The early history of the Kist people is not well known and there are few sources mentioning their traditions, culture and history. The only historical sources available about the ethnic Kists in the area of Pankisi are found in the Georgian press, dated in the 1880s by E.Gugushvili, Zakaria Gulisashvili, Ivane Bukurauli, and Mate Albutashvili (ethnic Kist).
One of the greatest Georgian poets Vazha-Pshavela dedicated his epic "Aluda Ketelauri" and "The Host and the Guest" to the story of Kist-Khevsur conflict which occurred in the 18th and 19th centuries. Based on religious and cultural difference, both Caucasian nations were engaged in fierce fighting. Vazha-Pshavela celebrates heroism of both nations and underlines the senselessness of their conflict.
During the Second Chechen War, the Kists gave shelter about 7,000 refugees from Chechnya. Some of them have crossed the mountainous passes to join Chechen fighters against the Russians, leading to the in the early 2000s.
Religion.
The majority of Kists are Sunni Muslim, However, there are still remaining small pockets of Christian Kists in Pankisi, Tusheti and Kakheti. To this day, the Kists worship the Khevsur sacred places ("jvari") and make sacrifices to the Anatori jvari near the Khevsureti village of Shatili, which is located at the Georgian-Chechen border. The Anatori jvari was also considered sacred by Chechens in Maisti and Melkhisti. Highlanders from both the northern Caucasus and Georgia participated together in religious celebrations. Although today the Kists pray in the mosque in the village of Duisi, they also pray at the sites of old, now-ruined Christian sanctuaries. They also pray in Saint George church in the village of Joqolo and attend the religious celebration Alaverdoba in the Alaverdi Monastery of Kakheti. Finally, the Kists celebrate also Tetri Giorgoba, a local variation of St George's Day.
When the Kists first arrived in the valley in the early 19th century from Chechnya and Ingushetia, their religious practices included both Islam and their original Nakh religion, with some overlap with the indigenous beliefs of their highland Georgian neighbors. There may have also been vague Christian influences. In the latter half of the 19th century, the Russian government pressured the Kists to convert to Orthodox Christianity, and there were various episodes of mass baptisms and church construction. In 1902, Kists who had remained Muslim constructed a mosque in Duisi, but the Russian government refused to recognize it. The Duisi mosque was forcefully closed, along with other religious structures after the Bolshevik revolution, and not reopened until 1960. Sanikidze notes that many Kists, regardless of their designation, have a mix of Muslim, Christian and indigenous religious practices. 
The position of Islam strengthened among the Kists in the Soviet period, in part because “wandering”
mullahs continued to proselytize and managed to persuade many to convert to Islam, a process that continued into the 1970s. In sum, over the years considerable numbers of Kists became Christian,
but most of those who did later reconverted to Islam. Even so, until around 1970, a considerable part of the villagers of Jokolo, Omalo, and Birkiani were Christian, and a Christian chapel was built in Omalo in the 1960s. In the 1970s, however, many Christians in Jokolo and Omalo returned to the Islam faith. As noted earlier, only Birkiani has a majority Christian population today. There is also a small community of Kists in Kakheti (a region of Georgia bordering on the Gorge), mainly in the city of Telavi, who consider themselves Georgians and Orthodox Christians. As with most Georgians, Christian and Muslim alike, religion has as much a national meaning for many Kists as it does spiritual. Those who are Christian tend to identify themselves as Georgians. 
Traditions.
The Kists remained faithful to their family traditions and customs, refusing to
assimilate with other north Caucasian nationalities such as the Chechens and Ingush. To this day, they identify themselves as Kists, and for official purposes declare themselves of Georgian nationality. They are typically bilingual in Chechen and Georgian.
The Kists represent the majority of the population in all Kist villages of the Pankisi Gorge, with the exception of a few Georgian families who came to this area later. In the Northern Caucasus, the Chechens and to a certain extent the Ingush officially registered father's names as family names. The Kists did not follow this practice. Instead, after migrating to Georgia, the Kists started adding the Georgian endings to their patrimonial names, particularly suffix -"shvili" (meaning "child" in Georgian), or sometimes suffix -"dze" (which means "son" in Georgian), or still other times the Georgian suffix -"uli" (indicating "belonging to" or "descended from"). In this manner, Kist family names were established.
A family's guest was treated with great respect. Men, usually the eldest man of the family, would greet the guest. The guest would then be seated in the most honorable place. The guest was not simply the guest of one particular family, but of the whole village and, in some cases, the whole canyon. Even today, this tradition is strictly maintained.

</doc>
<doc id="5908469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908469" title="Anne Jardin">
Anne Jardin

Anne Jardin-Alexander (born July 26, 1959 in Montréal, Quebec) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Canada, who won two bronze medals at the 1976 Summer Olympics in the Olympics held in her hometown of Montreal. 
She finished third in the Women's Women's 4x100 Freestyle Relay, alongside Becky Smith, Gail Amundrud, and Barbara Clark, and also ended up in third place in the 4x100 Medley Relay, with Wendy Cook, Robin Corsiglia, and Susan Sloan. She broke the world record in the 50m free on August 19, 1978 in Etobicoke, Ontario. Jardin is currently a physical education teacher, as well as a Student Success teacher at Frank Ryan Senior Elementary School in Ottawa, Ontario.
Anne Jardin's niece Barbara Jardin is a swimmer who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="5908484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908484" title="Dynamic pressure">
Dynamic pressure

In incompressible fluid dynamics dynamic pressure (indicated with "q", or "Q", and sometimes called velocity pressure) is the quantity defined by:
where (using SI units):
Physical meaning.
Dynamic pressure is the kinetic energy per unit volume of a fluid particle. Dynamic pressure is in fact one of the terms of Bernoulli's equation, which can be derived from the conservation of energy for a fluid in motion. In simplified cases, the dynamic pressure is equal to the difference between the stagnation pressure and the static pressure.
Another important aspect of dynamic pressure is that, as dimensional analysis shows, the aerodynamic stress (i.e. stress within a structure subject to aerodynamic forces) experienced by an aircraft traveling at speed formula_3 is proportional to the air density and square of formula_3, i.e. proportional to formula_5.
Therefore, by looking at the variation of formula_5 during flight, it is possible to determine how the stress will vary and in particular when it will reach its maximum value. The point of maximum aerodynamic load is often referred to as "max Q" and it is a critical parameter in many applications, such as during spacecraft launch.
Uses.
The dynamic pressure, along with the static pressure and the pressure due to elevation, is used in Bernoulli's principle as an energy balance on a closed system. The three terms are used to define the state of a closed system of an incompressible, constant-density fluid.
If we were to divide the dynamic pressure by the product of fluid density and acceleration due to gravity, g, the result is called velocity head, which is used in head equations like the one used for hydraulic head.
Compressible flow.
Many authors define "dynamic pressure" only for incompressible flows. (For compressible flows, these authors use the concept of impact pressure.) However, some British authors extend their definition of "dynamic pressure" to include compressible flows.Houghton, E.L. and Carpenter, P.W. (1993), "Aerodynamics for Engineering Students", Section 2.3.1</ref>
If the fluid in question can be considered an ideal gas (which is generally the case for air), the dynamic pressure can be expressed as a function of fluid pressure and Mach number.
By applying the ideal gas law:
the definition of speed of sound formula_8 and of Mach number formula_9:
and also formula_12, dynamic pressure can be rewritten as:
where (using SI units):

</doc>
<doc id="5908485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908485" title="Charles Fulton (minister)">
Charles Fulton (minister)

Charles Fulton (born April 30, 1938) is an American minister and businessman who most notably served as president of ACTS 29 Ministries and who was a prominent leader in the Christian renewal movement of the 1980s and 1990s.
The son of federal judge Charles B. Fulton, he was born in West Palm Beach, Florida, he achieved his bachelor's degree from Stetson University, where his focus was on pre-law and business studies. Following an experience at a Billy Graham crusade, he became convinced that his destiny lay with an ordination in the Episcopal Church.
Following his graduation from Stetson and a tour of duty in the United States Army, Fulton enrolled in Berkeley Divinity School at Yale University, where he received his M.Div. in 1964. He was ordained into the diaconate in August 1964, and became a priest in December of that year.
Fulton spent the next 30 years mostly as a parish priest, though from 1974–1980 he re-entered the business world as the Executive Vice President of Snelling & Snelling, which at the time was the world’s largest employment agency. In 1980, however, he felt that God was calling him back into full-time ministry, and he resigned from the business world and started a new Episcopal church in Osprey, Florida. In 1987, he was called to a church in Jacksonville, Florida, and in 1993 he was chosen by the board of directors of ACTS 29 Ministries to serve as that organization’s third president since its inception in 1973.
During his time at ACTS 29, Fulton moved the headquarters from Evergreen, Colorado to Atlanta, Georgia. He also founded the YouthQuake conference, which is held each January in Ridgecrest, North Carolina. He also served on the steering committee for the North American Renewal Service Committee, an umbrella organization that unites the renewal efforts of every major Christian denomination. Fulton also helped organized that organization's international conferences in Orlando, Florida (1995) and St. Louis, Missouri (2000). He was also one of the keynote speakers in 2000.
Fulton retired from full-time ministry in 2003. He now spends much of his time raising Tennessee Walking Horses.
References.
"The New International Dictionary of Pentecostal Charismatic Movements", Zondervan, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="5908488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908488" title="George Gore">
George Gore

George F. Gore (May 3, 1854 – September 16, 1933), nicknamed "Piano Legs", was an American center fielder in Major League Baseball who played for 14 seasons, eight for the Chicago White Stockings, five for the New York Giants, one for the St. Louis Browns (1892) of the National League (NL), and the New York Giants of the Players League (1890).
Born in Saccarappa, Maine, Gore led the NL in several seasonal offensive categories. He won his only batting title in 1880 while playing for Chicago, along with league leading totals in on-base percentage and slugging percentage. He also led the league twice in runs scored, bases on balls three times, and games played by a center fielder once. Gore was also the all-time leader for most errors by major league outfielder upon his retirement with 368 total, including a record 346 errors in the National League, records he still holds today. (He made 217 errors for Chicago; 122 for New York; and seven for St. Louis, all National League teams; and 22 for the New York Giants of the Players League.) 
Gore played for many successful teams throughout his career. During his eight seasons with the White Stockings, they won the league title five times, including appearances in two World Series. Chicago played the St. Louis Browns in both 1885, which ended in a series tie, and 1886, with St. Louis winning the championship. He was also a member of the New York Giants' two National League championship teams in 1888 and 1889. Both Giants teams went on to claim World Series victories, against the St. Louis Browns in 1888, and the Brooklyn Bridegrooms in 1889.
Twice he set single-game records, one for stealing seven bases, and the other for collecting five extra-base hits. Although he had statistics that put him consistently among the seasonal league leaders, he reportedly had a poor work ethic resulting from an active social life outside of baseball. This behavior did not endear him to his team captain, Cap Anson, which caused them to feud during Gore's time in Chicago. After his career, he had major financial difficulties, having to move from job to job to just support his bare necessities. He died at the age of 79 in Utica, New York.
Early life.
Officially born in Saccarappa, Maine (although it is also claimed he was born in Hartland, Maine), Gore was born into a poor, country family. As a young man, he grew up playing baseball in and around his hometown of Hartland. While working for, and playing for the S.D. Warren Paper Mill in Westbrook, Maine, his skills caught the attention of pro scouts and in 1877 he signed a contract with a team in Fall River, Massachusetts of the New England League. He showed up to his first professional baseball tryout without shoes. 
The following year, he played for the New Bedford Whalers, batted .324 and helped the team win the New England championship. Scouts from seven major league teams were vying for his services, but it was when he was playing in an exhibition game against Anson's Chicago White Stockings team that he got his opportunity to sign a major league contract. After the game, White Stockings owner Albert Spalding offered him a contract to play for his team, and Gore signed. Spaulding offered him $1,200 a season, and although Gore originally asked for $2,500, they eventually compromised on $1,900.
Baseball career.
Chicago.
He made his major league debut with Chicago on May 1, 1879. He played in 63 games that first season as the club's starting center fielder and batted .263. Gore excelled during his second season with Chicago, leading the league with a .360 batting average, as well as a .399 on-base percentage, and .463 slugging percentage. Additionally, he finished in the top five among league leaders in runs scored, hits, doubles, runs batted in (RBIs), bases on balls and singles. 
In 1881 and 1882, Gore continued his hitting success, as he finished in the top 10 in multiple offensive categories. He led the league in runs scored both seasons, and walks in 1882. On June 25, 1881, he became the first known player to record at least seven stolen bases in one game when the "Chicago Tribune" noted that Gore stole second base five times and third base three times. It considered the all-time record even though at the time stolen bases were not recorded as an official statistic. This feat has only equaled by Billy Hamilton, who also stole seven bases on August 31, 1894.
The White Stockings failed to finish the 1883 season in first place, after having captured league titles the previous three years. Gore's production did not decline despite his team's sinking performance as he was again among the top players in several offensive categories over the next two seasons, including a league-leading 61 walks in 1884.
In 1885 and 1886 the White Stockings returned to the top of the NL. Gore's offensive production continued at a high level, again among league leaders in several categories. On July 9, 1885, in a games against the Providence Grays and their pitcher Charles Radbourn, he gathered five extra-base hits, three doubles and two triples. He is the first player to accomplish this feat, which has since been equalled many times, but never surpassed. After the 1885 season, Chicago played the St. Louis Browns, the American Association (AA) champion, in a best-of-seven series of exhibition games known as the "World Series." The series ended with Chicago and St. Louis each winning three games, and one game ending in a tie. After the tie game, Gore was suspended for drunkenness and indifference, and was replaced for the rest of the series by Billy Sunday. Sunday later converted to Christianity and became a well-known evangelist. In 1886, Gore established career highs in bases on balls with 102, which also led the NL, and runs scored with 150, while the White Stockings again finished in first place. Following the season, the White Stockings again played the St. Louis Browns in another exhibition "World Series." St. Louis won the series, four games to two.
Aftermath of the 1886 World Series.
In the aftermath of the St. Louis series, there were not only charges of drunkenness among many of the players, but also allegations that players intentionally lost games for money, known then as "hippodroming". King Kelly had the reputation as being the hardest drinker, as well as the having the most active social life, which management tolerated due to his stellar play. However, that meant instilling discipline in the other players, who used Kelly as an example, was extremely difficult. On November 24, 1886, Gore was the first to go, when he was sold to the New York Giants for approximately $3,500. Writer Henry Chadwick said Gore "cannot play in harmony with Captain and Manager Anson, and Mr. Spalding has wisely released a discontented player whose skill as a fielder, batter, and base runner was offset by his unpleasant relations with the team captain." 
Weeks after Gore's contract was sold to the New York Giants, Chicago writer Harry Palmer wrote that whenever Gore "failed to play ball for all he was worth, Anson has reprimanded him." Socially, Palmer added, Anson says "Gore is all right. As an instance of their friendly relations, Anson says Gore applied to him for work this Winter, and the big Chicago captain promised him employment on the toboggan slides at the White Stocking Park whenever he wanted it." In 1888, after seeing him in street clothes during a home game, the "New York Star" called him "'Budweiser' Gore."
In his 1900 book "A Ball Player's Career", Anson said Gore was a good player. Also, "Women and wine brought about his downfall, however, and the last time that I saw him in New York he was broken down, both in heart and pocket, and willing to work at anything that would yield him the bare necessities of life."
New York.
Gore joined a New York Giants team that had a roster that contained no less than six future Baseball Hall of Famers: John Montgomery Ward, Roger Connor, Buck Ewing, Tim Keefe, Mickey Welch, and Jim O'Rourke. Gore took his usual position in center field, replacing O'Rourke, who was the starter the previous season. Gore played well that first season in New York, batting .290 and scoring 95 runs, but the team finished in fourth place in the National League.
For the 1888 season, Gore played in just 64 of the team's 138 games. O'Rourke had reclaimed a starting position, this time in left field, while Gore split his playing time between center and left field. Gore's popularity waned early into the season, so much so that on May 3, New York fans screamed at on-field captain Ewing to play Mike Slattery instead. Gore had already taken his position in left field, but Ewing made the change to Slattery before the game started. New York finished the season as the National League champions, and met the St. Louis Browns in the World Series. Gore appeared in three of the eleven games that were played during this post-season exhibition. New York was declared the victor, winning six games, and Gore contributed five hits in eleven at-bats for a .455 batting average during the series. 
Gore regained his starting position in center field for the 1889 season, and his play improved over his 1888 performance. He batted .305, scored 132 runs, and hit seven home runs in 120 games played, although he did commit 41 errors in center field, which led the league. The Giants again finished the season as the champions of the NL, and met the Brooklyn Bridegrooms in the 1889 World Series after the season. New York was again declared the victor after winning six of the nine games exhibition games played. Gore played in five of these games, collecting seven hits in 21 at-bats for a .333 batting average.
Players' League.
After the 1889 season, Gore's teammate, John Montgomery Ward, had organized a new league, the Players' League, and many of players were a part of his new union of baseball players called "The Brotherhood". The Players' League began play for the 1890 season, and Gore joined many of his fellow Giants as they joined the new league to play for the New York Giants. Again, Gore split his playing time between left and center field with both Slattery and O'Rourke, but did finish the season appearing in 93 of the team's 132 games, and batted .318 with 132 runs.
Return to the Giants.
Following the 1890 season, the Players' League folded and all the players were allowed to return to their previous teams. Gore returned the Giants along with all of his teammates. In 1891, the Giants did not return to their previous championship status. They finished third among the league's eight teams, with Gore as their starting center fielder, while O'Rourke had moved to left due the departure of Slattery. Gore batted .284 and scored 103 runs in 130 games played.
St. Louis.
Gore began the 1892 season as the starting center fielder of the Giants, but through an unknown transaction, had moved on to the position of player-manager for the St. Louis Browns of the NL. He began his tenure on August 1, and it ended on August 18, during which time his Browns had a win–loss record of 6–9 in the games he managed. In the 20 games that he played in, his batting average was .205. He soon departed the team, and he never played major league baseball again.
Post-career.
Personal life.
In 1894, a judge granted a divorce to his wife. Married since 1882, she had accused him of living in 1891 and into 1892 with a Florence "Florilla" Sinclaire "as his wife, and that they and Sinclaire lived as man and wife in One Hundred and Twenty-ninth street" in New York City. Gore denied his wife's charge of having had intimate relations with Sinclaire.
Death.
In 1933, months before his death at age 79, Gore told a reporter, "I haven't seen a sick day in seventy-five years, and I feel as good today as I did thirty years ago. I can't get around like I used to, but I still am able to walk three or four miles daily. That keeps me in good shape. I eat three hearty meals a day and my favorite diversion now is playing pinocle. I play it every night. It's great sport for us old-timers." Gore died in Utica, New York at the age of 79, after having lived in Nutley, New Jersey the previous 13 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5908507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908507" title="Randy Breuer">
Randy Breuer

Randall W. "Randy" Breuer (born October 11, 1960) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 1st round (18th overall) of the 1983 NBA Draft. A 7'3" center from the University of Minnesota, Breuer played in 11 NBA seasons from 1983-1994. He played for the Bucks, Minnesota Timberwolves, Atlanta Hawks and Sacramento Kings. 
Breuer's best year as a pro came during the 1987-88 season as a member of the Bucks, appearing in 81 games and averaging 12.0 points and 6.8 rebounds per game. In his career, he played in 681 games and scored a total of 4,599 points.
As a member of the Lake City high school team, he led them to consecutive state titles in 1978 and 1979. He was named Minnesota Mr. Basketball in 1979, along with Greg Downing.

</doc>
<doc id="5908519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908519" title="1960 Tour de France">
1960 Tour de France

The 1960 Tour de France was the 47th Tour de France, taking place between 26 June and 17 July 1960. The race featured 128 riders, of which 81 finished. The Tour included 21 stages over 4173 km, of which one stage was split, and the winner had an average speed of 37.210 km/h.
Because Jacques Anquetil was absent after winning the 1960 Giro d'Italia, Roger Rivière became the main favourite. Halfway the race, Rivière was in second place behind Nencini, and with his specialty the time trial remaining, he was still favourite for the victory. When Rivière had a career-ending crash in the fourteenth stage, this changed, and Nencini won the Tour easily.
Differences from the 1959 Tour de France.
In previous years, the location of the stage finish and the next stage start had always been close together. In 1960, this changed, when cyclists had to take the train to get from Bordeaux to Mont de Marsan after the ninth stage.
The German team, that had been away from the Tour since 1938, was allowed to join again.
Participants.
The 1960 Tour de France was run in the national team format. The four most important cycling nations of the time, Spain, Belgium, France and Italy, each sent a national team with fourteen cyclists. There were also five smaller national teams: a combined Luxembourg/Swiss team, a Dutch team, a German team, a British team, and a team of international cyclists, all with eight cyclists. Finally, there were five regional teams, also of eight cyclists each. Altogether, 128 cyclists started the race.
Jacques Anquetil, the winner of the 1957 Tour de France, had won the 1960 Giro d'Italia earlier that year. Anquetil was tired, and skipped the Tour. This made Roger Rivière the French team leader, and the big favourite for the Tour victory.
Race details.
The first stage was split in two parts. In the first part, a group of fourteen cyclists cleared from the rest, and won with a margin of over two minutes. In the second part, an individual time trial, Roger Rivière won. The lead in the general classification transferred to Nencini, who had been part of the group of fourteen cyclists. 
Federico Bahamontes, winner of the 1959 Tour, became ill and left the race in the second stage.
Nencini lost the lead in the third stage to Joseph Groussard. In the fourth stage, a group including Henri Anglade escaped, and Anglade became the new leader. Anglade had already finished in second placed in 1959, and expected to be the team leader now.
In the sixth stage, Rivière attacked. Only Nencini, Hans Junkermann and Jan Adriaensens could follow. Anglade asked his team manager Marcel Bidot to instruct Rivière to stop his attack, because Nencini and Adriaensens were dangerous opponents. Rivière ignored this, and continued. They beat the rest by almost fifteen minutes, and Adriaensens took over the lead in the general classification. After the stage, Anglade said that the French team lost the Tour in that stage. Anglade knew that Rivière would try to stay close to Nencini in the mountains, and warned that Rivière would regret staying close to Nencini downhill.
The first mountains were climbed in the tenth stage. Nencini won time in the descent from the Col de Aubisque, where Adriaensens could not follow. After the Aubisque, Adriaensens worked together with his team mate Jef Planckaert to win back time, but Nencini was able to stay away from them, and became the new leader, with Rivière in second place, only 32 seconds behind.
Nencini gained one minute on Rivière in the eleventh stage, but Rivière knew he had the stronger team. Moreover, Rivière was at that moment the holder of the hour record, and knew he would win back enough time in the time trial in stage 19.
Because of that, Jan Adriaensens climbed to the second place in the general classification, and he now was the main competitor for Nencini. Adriaensens lost time in the Pyrénées, and the Italians were able to put Graziano Battistini in second place. In the last stages, there was no competition for the overall victory, because it was clear that Nencini's advantage was too large. Therefore all cyclists put their energy to win the remaining stages. For the points classification, Jean Graczyk had built a large lead, but the mountains classification was only clinched by Imerio Massignan in the final mountain stage.
In the twentieth stage, news came that Charles de Gaulle, the president, would be by the route at Colombey-les-deux-Églises, where he lived. The organisers, Jacques Goddet and Félix Lévitan asked the French national champion, Henry Anglade, if the riders would be willing to stop. Anglade agreed and the news was spread through the race. One rider, Pierre Beuffeuil had stopped to repair a tyre and knew nothing of the plan, being three minutes behind the race. When he reached Colombey, he found the race halted in front of him. He decided to pass all the waiting cyclists and continued alone, and won the stage alone on the boulevard Jules-Guesde by 49 seconds. "I voted for de Gaulle", he said.
Stages.
The 1960 Tour de France started on 26 June in Mulhouse, and had one restday, in Millau.
Results.
There were several classifications in the 1960 Tour de France, two of them awarding jerseys to their leaders. The most important was the general classification; it was calculated by adding for each cyclist he times that he required to finish each stage. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey.
The points classification was calculated differently than in the years before. The top six cyclists of each stage received points; the winner 10 points, down to 1 point for the 6th cyclist.
Because only a few cyclists received points, in the first stages of the Tour de lead was shared by up to 5 cyclists. In stage 4, when Jean Graczyk won the stage, he took the leading, having finished second in the stage 2. Graczyk remained leader for the rest of the race. The leader of the points classification was identified by the green jersey.
The mountains classification was calculated by adding the points given to cyclists for reaching the highest point in a climb first. There was no jersey associated to this classification in 1960.
Finally, the team classification was calculated as the sum of the daily team classifications, and the daily team classification was calculated by adding the times in the stage result of the best three cyclists per team. It was won by the French team. For the smaller teams (made of 8 cyclists), a separate classification was made, here the Dutch team won.
Team classification.
The Great-Britain team and the Internationals did not finish with three cyclists, so were not included in the team classification.
Other classifications.
The combativity award was given to Jean Graczyk.
Aftermath.
Rivière survived the crash, but his career as a professional cyclist was over. The drug palfium was found in his pockets, and it was thought that it had so numbed Riviere's fingers so that he couldn't feel the brake levers.
Nencini had his bouquet of flowers given to Rivière.

</doc>
<doc id="5908522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908522" title="Netball in Australia">
Netball in Australia

Netball is the most popular women's team participation sport in Australia. In 1985, there were 347,000 players. In 1995, there were over 360,000 Australian netball players. Throughout most of Australia's netball history, the game has largely been a participation sport; it has not managed to become a large spectator sport. In 2005 and 2006, 56,100 Australians attended one to two netball matches. Of these, 41,600 were women. 46,200 attended three to five netball matches, with 34,400 of those spectators being women. 86,400 attended six or more netball matches, with 54,800 spectators being female. Overall, 188,800 people attended netball matches, with 130,800 being female. In 2005 and 2006, netball was the 10th most popular spectator sport for women with Australian rules football (1,011,300), horse racing (912,200), rugby league (542,600), motor sports (462,100), rugby union (232,400), soccer (212,200), harness racing (190,500), cricket (183,200) and tennis (163,500) all being more popular. The country set an attendance record for a netball match with a record crowd of 14,339 at the Australia–New Zealand Netball Test held at the Sydney Super Dome game in 2004.
Netball, at the time called "women's basketball" (distinct from the form of basketball played by women), was introduced to Australia reportedly as early as 1897, although most sources agree that it was established in that country around the start of the 20th century. Interstate competition began in 1924, with the All-Australia Women's Basketball Association formed in 1927. An All-Australian Tournament, later called the Australian National Championships, was first contested between states in 1928, when it was won by Victoria. During the 1930s in Australia, much of the participation in netball at universities was not organised and players were not required to register. It was believed that this was a positive for netball as it allowed people to participate who might not have participated otherwise. Australia's national team toured England in 1957. This tour resulted in a number of Commonwealth countries meeting together in order to try to standardise the rules of the game. The sport's name "netball" became official in Australia in 1970. In Australia 80% of all netball played is played at netball clubs. The number of netball clubs around Australia has been in decline since the 1940s. Between 1985 and 2003, only two Western Australian towns decreased the distance that netball players had to travel in order to compete; these towns were Brookton and Pingelly. Prior to the creation of the ANZ Championship, the National Netball League was the major competition in Australia. It included teams from the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Queensland, Victoria, South Australia and Western Australia.
For netball players 18 years and older, their demographic profile is 18 to 24, unmarried, Australian-born and employed full-time. The average netball player in New South Wales has played the game for 10.8 years. Most New South Wales based school aged netball players play for school and friends. Girls from non-English speaking backgrounds were more likely to play for fun than their English speaking counterparts, who often played for school or parents. Non-English speaking girls were less likely to have mothers who played netball, 18.2%, compared to 35.2% for their English speaking counterparts. Most New South Wales based adult players played netball for fun and for the physical benefits of the sport.
The country has hosted several major important international netball events including:
The Australian national netball team is regarded as the most successful netball team in international netball. It won the first world championships in 1963 in England, and nine of the twelve Netball World Championships. In addition to being the current world champions, the Australian Dimaonds are ranked first on the IFNA World Rankings.
Australia beat the Silver Ferns to win the World Youth Netball Championships in July 2009 in the Cook Islands. Australia also has a men's national team. It has competed in the 2009 and 2011 International Challenge Men’s and Mixed Netball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5908523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908523" title="Khadki">
Khadki

"There is also an Andean instrument called the Kirki."
Khadki is a city neighbourhood and a cantonment near Pune. It is an army base having two ordnance factories and several breweries.
Referred as Kirkee during British Raj, its borders are flanked by two other large army establishments - the College of Military Engineering and the Bombay Engineering Group. It also has a war cemetery (Kirkee War Cemetery) and a war memorial. It has a large market—Khadki Bazaar—and a railway station. Khadki was also known as a bastion of hockey. The local Field Hockey and Association Football matches are held on the CAFVD Sports Stadium in front of the Khadki Railway Station
History.
Khadki was the site of the Battle of Khadki, fought between the British East India Company and the Marathas in 1817 in which Baji Rao, the Peshwa ruler was defeated. Soon after the war, the British set up a cantonment here. It then became the base of the Royal Regiment of Artillery's 79 (Khadki) Commando Battery. World War I Field Marshal William Birdwood, 1st Baron Birdwood was born in Khadki.
The well known Indian hockey player and former India captain, Dhanraj Pillai grew up here. Besides, many hockey players who represented India were from Khadki. The well known Hindi film actor K.K. Menon is also known to have attended school here.
Khadki Railway Station.
Khadki Railway Station is on the Mumbai - Pune Railway route owned by the Central Railway zone of Indian Railways. Sinhagad Express, Sahyadri Express, Deccan Express, Koyna Express and Mumbai - Chennai Express have their halt at this station. It has four platforms, six lines and one footbridge and is electrified station. This is an important stop for Pune Suburban Railway. This station is to the east of Khadki Auto Rickshaw Stand and is near to Khadki Bazaar. This Station was built for access to Khadki Cantonment (Kirkee Cantonment). The Pichola offers accommodation which is just 4 KM away from the station. Today also this station is mostly used for Indian Army. The nearest major airport is Pune International Airport at Lohegaon (Viman Nagar). 
Kirkee cantonment.
The Khadki (Kirkee) Cantonment is housed here. It is known to be as one of the richest cantonments in the country. This area is also known for the Kirkee War Cemetery, which commemorates nearly two thousand soldiers who died during wars fought in the period of 1914-1918. Their graves are currently located in various locations in India and Pakistan. Located nearby is another memorial dedicated to about 193 soldiers of East and West African origin. These soldiers had lost their lives during the period of 1939-1945 in various non-operational zones around the country.
Khadki also has two major Ordnance Factories - Ammunition Factory Khadki and High Explosives Factory.
Education.
The town has Symbiosis Institute of Management Studies (SIMS), at nearby Range Hills,
Khadki has the following convent schools

</doc>
<doc id="5908555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908555" title="Marko Klasinc">
Marko Klasinc

Marko Klasinc (born 14 May 1951) is Slovenian chess problemist.
He composed almost 200 chess problems, mostly heterodox and retrograde ones (12 included in FIDE Album). He has title FIDE solving master and international judge of FIDE for chess composition. As a good solver he represented Yugoslavia 1982 in Varna, where the team became World Champion solving chess problems.
He is the president of Committee for Chess Compositions of Chess Federation of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="5908556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908556" title="Ilija Arnautović">
Ilija Arnautović

Ilija Arnautović (1924 – 23 January 2009) was a Serbian and Slovene architect, known for his many projects during the period of Slovenian socialism (1960–1980). He was born in Niš, Kingdom of Yugoslavia and died in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
He studied architecture between years 1945–1948 in Prague, Czech republic, and 1948–1953 in Ljubljana, Slovenia, obtained his Master degree in 1952 under guidance of Edvard Ravnikar. His architecture was authentic, buildings and forms of the buildings were coming from thoughtful use of constructional principles, constructional techniques and materials. His works expand through the former Yugoslavia and Algeria. He was working and living in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Works.
His works include:

</doc>
<doc id="5908581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908581" title="Priced Out">
Priced Out

The Priced Out campaign is a non-profit organisation campaigning for government action on British residential property market prices.
Unprecendented price levels have excluded record levels of first time buyers from buying and are preventing many more from being able to trade up, prompting the formation of this campaign.
Priced Out is possibly the first such political campaign targeting this issue which is surprising given current the proliferation of unusually high property price levels across the globe.
History.
The campaign was formed in March 2006 and is staffed by a group of volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="5908586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908586" title="Charax (genus)">
Charax (genus)

Charax is a genus containing several species of tetras, including the glass headstander, "C. gibbosus". These fish, among other characteristics, are small, translucent, and have a rhomboid shape.

</doc>
<doc id="5908597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908597" title="Everyday">
Everyday

Everyday or Every Day may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5908601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908601" title="Nerodia paucimaculata">
Nerodia paucimaculata

Nerodia paucimaculata, commonly known as the Concho water snake, is a species of mostly aquatic, nonvenomous colubrid snake native to Texas in the United States.
Geographic range.
It is found only in west-central Texas in the Colorado and Concho river systems, in Coke, Runnels, San Saba, and Tom Green counties.
Conservation status.
Due to its limited range, it was considered a threatened species in the state of Texas.
Taxonomy.
It was once considered to be a subspecies of the Brazos water snake, "Nerodia harteri", but was elevated to full species status by Densmore et al. in 1992.
Description.
The Concho water snake grows to a total length of 16 to 32 inches (41–81 cm), and looks very much like "Nerodia harteri", but tends to be more red in color and has no dark markings on the underside.

</doc>
<doc id="5908618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908618" title="Neighborhoods of Tulsa, Oklahoma">
Neighborhoods of Tulsa, Oklahoma

Downtown.
Tulsa includes many structures built during the Oil Boom in the 1920s and 1930s, including Art Deco buildings such as the Mid-Continent Tower, Boston Avenue Methodist Church, and the Exchange Bank Building (today known as the 320 South Boston Building). Oilman Waite Phillips, left a significant architectural impact on downtown Tulsa through the Philtower and Philcade buildings. Other notable Tulsa buildings include the Atlas Life Building, Holy Family Cathedral, Holy Trinity Greek Orthodox Church, and the Mayo Hotel, the former of which once served as home to J. Paul Getty. Known for a time as "Terra Cotta City", Tulsa hosted the International Sixth Congress on Art Deco in 2001.
Downtown Tulsa is in the northwest quadrant of the city and is ringed by an expressway system called the inner dispersal loop. Downtown's buildings include many large office towers. At , the BOK Tower (formerly One Williams Center) was the tallest building in any of the 5 "plains states" (Oklahoma, Kansas, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota) until the Devon Tower in Oklahoma City was completed. The BOK Tower was designed in 1975 by Minoru Yamasaki & Associates, the same architect who designed the World Trade Center in New York.
The Tulsa Performing Arts Center occupies a half city block in Tulsa's historical downtown. The PAC is also the design of Minoru Yamasaki. It houses five theatres and a reception hall. More than a quarter of a million people visit the Center each year to attend a performance from one of Tulsa's seven acclaimed musical and dramatic companies including the Tulsa Ballet, Tulsa Symphony Orchestra, Tulsa Opera, and a variety of symphonic groups. The PAC hosts a multitude of cultural events through the fall, winter and spring.
In 2005 the City of Tulsa broke ground on a 19,199 seat regional events center designed by architect César Pelli. The arena was named the BOK Center (or Bank of Oklahoma Center) and opened on August 30, 2008.
Blue Dome District.
Another popular downtown entertainment district is the Blue Dome, named for a distinctive, domed building at Second Street and Elgin Avenue, in the area in the eastern section of downtown. The building was originally constructed in 1924 as a Gulf Oil service station. It has been converted to an information desk/office for the district, and is about two blocks south of the OneOK field.
East Village.
East Village comprises 115 acres bordered by East 2nd and East 7th Streets, Detroit Avenue and Lansing Avenue, just inside the inner-dispersal loop. This area boasts an upscale martini bar, a hair salon, a pet day care, photography studios, lofts, a knitting room and living arts district, among others. The cornerstone of this neighborhood is now the second largest LGBT community center in Oklahoma, the Dennis R. Neill Equality Center, owned and operated by Oklahomans for Equality/OkEq (formerly Tulsa Oklahomans for Human Rights/TOHR), with further development being planned for more restaurants, residential lofts and retail.
Oil Capital Historic District.
The Oil Capital Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010. It is bounded by Third Street on the north, Seventh Street on the South, Cincinnati Avenue on the east and Cheyenne Avenue on the west. This area contains many of the historic Downtown office buildings constructed during the 1920s and 1930s.
Uptown.
Riverview stretches along the east bank of the Arkansas River, just west of Downtown. Uptown is the region just to the south of Downtown. The SoBo (South Boston) bar district in this area at 18th and south Boston is quite popular. The Ambassador Hotel, now listed on the National Register of Historic Places, was built in 1929 to provide temporary housing for businessmen and now functions as a boutique hotel. The building is at the corner of Main and 14th Street. The Tulsa Preservation Commission identified this location as "...the Southeast Business Area of the Riverview section of Tulsa."
The Pearl District.
The Pearl District is emerging as a cultural hub just east of downtown. Once suffering from significant blight, The Pearl District has seen fervent restoration and new business development thanks to a concerted infill effort on the part of the City of Tulsa, including new bars and restaurants, white collar small offices and new residential buildings, with zoning designed to encourage mixed use and walkability. It is bordered by 1st street to the north and 11th street on the south, and lies adjacent to Centennial Park to the west.
Riverview Historic District.
Riverview is bounded on the north by 12th and 13th Streets, on the east by the alley between Denver and Elwood Avenues, on the south by Riverside Drive and 14th Place, and on the west by Jackson Avenue. The name came from Riverview Elementary School, which was at 12th and Guthrie. Although the school building was demolished in 1975, the district retained its name.This area contains houses and apartment buildings constructed between 1911 and 1938. 
Included are several structures that are individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Midtown.
Midtown is a largely residential district in the heart of the city. This area consists mostly of homes built from the early 1900s to the 1950s and has a wide variety of American styles ranging from the Craftsman bungalow to the ranch-style home to Greek Revival. The neighborhood is even home to a relocated saltbox home from colonial New England. Schools in this part of the city include Bishop Kelley, Edison Preparatory School, Eliot Elementary, Francis Scott Key Elementary, Monte Cassino, Robert E. Lee Elementary, Patrick Henry Elementary, Wright Elementary and Undercroft Montessori. Woodward Park, located in Midtown, is known for its azaleas and gardens and is a popular destination for photography and picnics. Other popular Midtown Parks include Swan Lake, Zink Park, Darlington Park and Whiteside Park.
Utica Square, Tulsa's first suburban shopping center, is an upscale outdoor center with a mix of locally owned retailers, including Miss Jackson's, Tulsa's oldest department store, and national chains. Adjacent to Utica Square is Temple Israel, a Reform Jewish congregation housed in a building by prolific synagogue architect Percival Goodman, and Cascia Hall Preparatory School, a college preparatory school now also known as a key location in the fantasy/horror "House of Night" novel series written by P.C. Cast and Kristin Cast. Tulsa's conservative synagogue, B'nai Emunah, is also located in Midtown.
Some of the other major shopping centers in this part of the city include the Promenade Mall, Highland Park Shopping Center, Southroads, Ranch Acres, The Farm Shopping Center, and The Plaza. OU-Tulsa is across the street from the Promenade Mall at 41st and Yale, on the southern edge of Midtown.
In northeast Midtown, the Tulsa State Fairgrounds, now called Expo Square, is home to several Tulsa landmarks. In addition to the site being the former home to the minor league baseball Tulsa Drillers, the Art Deco Expo Square Pavilion, the Fair Meadows horse racing track, and the annual Tulsa State Fair, it boasts the Quick Trip Expo Center, the largest clearspan building in the world, providing 354,000 square feet (33,000 m²) of column-free space under a cable-suspended roof. In front of the Expo Center is the Golden Driller, standing 76 feet (23 m) tall. Built in 1966 as a symbol for the International Petroleum Expo, the statue serves as a reminder of Tulsa's oily past.
The Expo Center is also home to the annual Darryl Starbird Rod and Custom Show. Held in early February, it is touted as 'The World's Largest Indoor Car Show' and often draws around 1,500 custom and classic cars, trucks, and motorcycles. Antique car auctions are also held here and draw many visitors from across the nation.
Arkansas River Parks.
The Tulsa area boasts nearly of river shoreline along the Arkansas River. River Parks lines more than of that stretch, spread along both banks of the 1/4 mile wide channel and connected by a pedestrian bridge between 21st and 31st streets. River Parks is a popular destination for outdoor recreation. Miles of asphalt-surfaced recreation trails weave past picnic areas, playgrounds, fountains and sculptures. The park's landscape ranges from manicured lawns to the rugged terrain of the Turkey Mountain Urban Wilderness Area. Recreation in River Parks includes fishing, rowing, kayaking, disc golf, hiking, biking and horseback riding.
During the spring, summer, and early fall, concerts, festivals and the state's largest free fireworks display (on the Fourth of July) are popular draws to the river. The festival park on the river's west bank is the site of Tulsa's Oktoberfest, one of the oldest and largest in the U.S.
Cherry Street.
The Cherry Street District is set near downtown in the northern midtown area, defined by a portion of 15th Street dubbed "Cherry Street." Visitors to this neighborhood can find many local restaurants, boutique shops, art galleries, antique shops, funky vintage stores, and even a scooter shop now filling old storefronts built in the 1920s & 1930s, as well as some notableold homes in the surrounding residential areas. Numerous condos have been built in recent years just north of Cherry Street. Cherry Street is surrounded by four of Tulsa's designated Historic Districts: the Swan Lake, North Maple Ridge, Gillette and Yorktown neighborhoods. Other neighborhoods adjacent to Cherry Street are Florence Park (Tulsa) and the Renaissance neighborhood.
Maple Ridge & Sunset Terrace.
The Maple Ridge Historic District is just south of downtown in Midtown. This neighborhood contains 'Black Gold Row', where mansions built by the oil barons in the 1920s still stand, long after their original owners have gone.
Sunset Terrace is located adjacent to Maple Ridge on its South Side, Terwilleger Heights on its East Side and the Arkansas River to the West. It is traversed by the grand Woodward Boulevard, which links Maple Ridge to Brookside. Sunset Terrace contains many mansions built in the 1920' and 1930s.
Brookside.
Brookside, like Cherry Street, is another popular shopping and entertainment district in Midtown. This area extends from the Arkansas River east to Lewis Avenue and south to 51st Street/Interstate 44. Its defining strip is South Peoria between 31st and 41st Streets, where visitors find a variety of shopping delights, beautiful Centennial Park and is home to more than 35 restaurants and nightspots (many with patio seating), featuring everything from sushi to old-fashioned burger and root beer stands. There are also plenty of swanky boutiques, decor shops, salons, and art galleries for window shopping. The atmosphere is chic and eclectic. Scenic Riverside Drive, which parallels the east bank of the river, and River Parks, the park that stretches along the riverbank, are also popular sections of Brookside.
Lortondale.
This is a sub-division of modern homes along South Yale Avenue near 26th Street. Their low-pitch roofs and clean lines typify the style known as Mid-Century Modern. Construction began in 1953 and all Lortondale homes featured central heating and air conditioning- the first in the nation.
Ranch Acres.
Recognized as a historic neighborhood, Ranch Acres was added the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. The neighborhood is an excellent example of a post-World War II ranch house subdivision. The area is situated primarily between 31st and 41st Streets along South Harvard.
Patrick Henry.
The Patrick Henry Neighborhood was developed during the Fifties and Sixties and situated between Harvard and Yale at 41st Street south I-44. Patrick Henry is made up of ranch-style homes known for their open floorplans and large lots. Many of these homes were featured on the annual Parade of Homes tours that featured new and modern designs.
Highland and Whiteside Park Area.
This area is defined by the two neighborhood parks from which it takes its name. The homes in this area are mostly ranch-style homes. It area overlaps with the Patrick Henry neighborhood, extending East of Yale Avenue to Bishop Kelley High School. Mockingbird Lake is in this neighborhood, as is Tulsa campus of University of Oklahoma.
Kendall-Whittier.
To the east of downtown is Tulsa’s oldest suburban shopping area and is noted for its abundance of red brick. The artsy, historic, and recently restored Circle Cinema is located in this area. The Kendall-Whittier shopping area and surrounding neighborhoods are now popular with Tulsa’s rapidly growing Hispanic community. Just east of this area is the University of Tulsa.
For a copy of the Kendall Whittier Neighborhood Masterplan developed by the neighborhood in partnership with the City of Tulsa please go to: http://www.cityoftulsa.org/Community/Revitalization/documents/KW%20Neighborhood%20Masterplan%2011142006.pdf
Swan Lake Historic District.
Swan Lake is a historic district in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Its borders consist of 15th Street to the North, Utica Street to the East, 21st Street to the South, and Peoria Avenue to the west. This area was originally named Orcutt District for the landowner, and the lake was originally a cattle watering place. It was the site of an amusement park in the early Twentieth Century, but is now notable for the number and architectural variety of houses and apartment buildings constructed in the 1920s and 1930s.
Terwilleger Heights.
Terwilleger Heights is located immediately south and west of Utica Square bordered by 21st Street, 31st Street, Utica Avenue and Peoria Avenue. This area has early 1930s homes both grand and small, mature and many newly planted trees, winding streets and is adjacent to the Philbrook Museum of Art and Woodward Park, site of the Tulsa Rose Garden.
North Tulsa.
North Tulsa originally referred to the area north of the Frisco Railroad tracks up to the northern city limits. It was annexed by the city of Tulsa in 1904. Farther east, the southern boundary was Admiral Boulevard. North Tulsa is home to a large percentage of Tulsa's African-American community. The area's Booker T. Washington High School, Tulsa’s African-American high school during the segregation era and now a magnet school, was recently judged to be the 58th best high school in the nation by Newsweek. Northeast of downtown, close to Tulsa International Airport, is Mohawk Park, which includes the Tulsa Zoo and the Oxley Nature Center, and the Tulsa Air and Space Museum. This area is also home to the American Airlines maintenance facility, one of Tulsa's largest employers.
Brady Arts District.
The Brady Arts District is located north across the Sante Fe Railroad tracks from the central business district and centered at Main Street & Brady Avenue. The Brady District is one of Tulsa's oldest areas, characterized by two-story brick warehouses.
The Brady Theater, built between 1912 and 1914, was originally designed to serve as the city's municipal auditorium and was simply called "Convention Hall" for the first forty years of its life and was one of three internment camps where African Americans were detained after the 1921 Tulsa Race Riot. In 1952, major additions were added and the building was renamed Tulsa Municipal Theater. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. Supplanted as the city auditorium in 1979 by construction of the Performing Arts Center in downtown, "the Old Lady on Brady" continues to be used today for a wide variety of concerts and theatrical productions.
North of the Brady on Main Street is the Cain's Ballroom, formerly the garage of the Brady family and the home of Bob Wills and his band, the Texas Playboys. The district is also the location of many local artists' galleries, restaurants with late night hours, bars and dance clubs. It is also an emerging gay neighborhood, with several gay or gay-friendly bars and numerous supportive shops and restaurants.
Today, The Brady Arts District is one of the most diverse areas in all of Tulsa. It hosts restaurants, clubs, museums, and businesses and is a prime example of urban living. There is presently construction which will more than double the number of permanent residents in this artistic conclave. The neighborhood's renaissance got a significant boost in late 2012 with the opening of Guthrie Green, a public garden and outdoor stage, on a central plot of land formerly inhabited by commercial buildings. Guthrie Green has quickly emerged as a neighborhood focal point, hosting community events, live music and a farmers market.
The district and the street were named for W. Tate Brady, an honor bestowed on the Tulsa business owner and active civic promoter. Tate Brady's involvement as a leader in the Tulsa Ku Klux Klan in the 1920s has led to a few residents expressing their wish that the name be changed, and on August 15, 2013, the City Council voted to retain the street name, but instead honor Civil War photographer Mathew Brady.
Brady Heights Historic District.
Brady Heights is a historic district in Tulsa, Oklahoma named for early resident, W. Tate Brady. Its boundaries are Marshall Street on the north, the alley between Cheyenne Avenue and Main Street on the east, Fairview Street on the south, and the Osage Expressway right-of-way on the west. From territorial days until the 1920s, Brady Heights was an important part of the then-fashionable north side of Tulsa. Young professional businessmen and oil men, like G. Y. Vandever, I. S. Mincks and “Diamond Joe” Wilson, owned homes there.
Greenwood Historical District.
The Greenwood Historical District is just north of downtown and east of the Brady District. It was once one of the most affluent African-American communities in the United States and referred to as Black Wall Street. In 1921, thirty-five blocks of businesses and residences were burned in this district during the infamous Tulsa Race Riot, the bloodiest racial riot in the history of the United States. The Oklahoma Legislature passed laws in 2001 aimed at revitalizing Greenwood, setting up a scholarship fund for college-bound descendants of riot victims and appropriating $2 million for a riot memorial. As of 2004, two blocks of the old neighborhood have been restored and are part of the Greenwood Historical District. It is now home to the Greenwood Cultural Center, the Tulsa Race Riot Memorial, and the Oklahoma Jazz Hall of Fame, as well as Oklahoma State University - Tulsa and Langston University-Tulsa.
North Cheyenne Historic District.
The North Cheyenne Historic District is bounded on the north by an alley between Archer and Brady Streets, on the east by the alley between Boulder and Cheyenne avenues, on the South by the Frisco railroad tracks and on the west by North Denver Avenue. It was a commercial and industrial area that developed during the early Twentieth Century. According to the Tulsa Preservation Commission, the district "...was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 13, 2010 under Criterion A for significance in commerce. Its NRIS number is 10001011."
Owen Park.
The history of the Owen Park neighborhood can be traced to the early 19th Century. A description of the area was given by Washington Irving in his book, "Tour of the Prairies". A monument in Tulsa's Owen Park denotes the point where the lands of the Osage, Creek and Cherokee nations met. The first American settler was Chauncey Owen, husband of a Creek woman who qualified for a land allotment. This land later became the Owen Park neighborhood. Its borders are Edison Avenue on the north, the municipal Owen Park on the east, the Keystone Expressway (Hwy 412) on the south, and Zenith Avenue on the west. Owen Park is a rapidly gentrifying historic neighborhood that has historic mansions and Crafstman style homes are very reasonable in price. It is one of the closest neighborhoods to the Brady District and downtown Tulsa.
South Tulsa.
South Tulsa is popularly considered to be south of 41st Street, bounded on the south by the city of Bixby, on the west by the Arkansas River and the city of Jenks, and on the east by the city of Broken Arrow. Many new luxurious homes have been constructed here in the last few decades, as well as numerous apartments, in various price ranges. Land in the area is becoming scarce, however, and development now has begun to spread to neighboring Jenks and Bixby to the south and west, as well as Broken Arrow to the east. As a more affluent demographic has moved into the area, businesses tailored to such residents have also opened nearby. The city's largest automotive dealer strips are located along S. Memorial Dr. from 91st to 101st Streets and from 51st to 31st Streets. The Riverwalk Crossing Shopping Center, just over the river in Jenks at 96th st. includes a movie theater, fine dining, and shopping. Nearby lies the Oklahoma Aquarium, the only one in the state of Oklahoma. Local freshwater fish are complemented by a fine selection of saltwater animals, including sharks. Additionally the The Karl and Beverly White National Fishing Tackle Museum has over 20,000 pieces valued at more than $4 million. This exhibit makes up the largest and most comprehensive antique fishing tackle collection in the world.
St. Francis Hospital and its surrounding medical practitioner's offices is located at 61st and Yale and is one of the largest in the state. Another healthcare cluster exists around South 91st and Mingo, including SouthCrest Hospital, Cancer Treatment Center of America and Saint Francis Hospital South.
Woodland Hills Mall, the largest in the state anchors the 71st street corridor. Numerous dining options are available in the area. Additionally, shopping centers surrounding the mall are panoramic in scope, as the options for shopping are seemingly endless. It is in this area that the 4-star John Q. Hammonds Renaissance Hotel is located, including conference and meeting rooms. It is located right off US 169, a major north-south highway in eastern south Tulsa. This road curves to the west at around 96th street and soon turns into the Creek Turnpike, a toll road that has been extended to the west to I-44 and to the east to I-44, nearly forming a semi-circular loop around southern Tulsa and its surrounding suburbs.
The schools in the area are some of the state's largest, including Jenks and Union High School, with neighboring Broken Arrow being the largest. Tulsa Public School's Memorial High School is located here, along with prestigious, private Holland Hall. Jenks, and Union High Schools are annually among the best in the state and nation in football and their rivalry has drawn national attention. Tulsa Community College, the largest 2 year school in the state, has its Southeast campus off 81st and US 169.
Parks in the area include LaFortune Park, with 2 public golf courses, playgrounds, swimming pool, and jogging trail, Hunter Park, with a disc golf course, jogging trail, playground, and fishing pond, and the Riverparks, which extend south to 101sts St.
Some of the largest and most influential churches in the country in Tulsa are in this part of Tulsa, including Victory Christian, Kirk of the Hills Presbyterian, Asbury United Methodist, South Tulsa Baptist and Grace Church.
Southeast Tulsa.
Southeast Tulsa extends from the corner of South 31st street and Mingo Ave all the way East to South 41st street and 193rd East Ave (Lynn Lane). The area stretches South along Broken Arrow's Northwest city limits which extend to the corner of Tulsa's south 61st street and Mingo. Union Schools service these residents except for the homes being built farthest East, which Broken Arrow schools service. Neighborhood Parks, soccer fields, sports fields, and public pools can be found within the area. There are multiple corporate offices and other business in the area that staff large work forces. A large diversity of shopping and eating-out opportunities can be found in Southeast Tulsa. The area provides easy access to I 244, I 44, Hwy 169 (Mingo Valley Exp), The Creek Turnpike, and the Broken Arrow expressway. Such easy access makes it quick for driving to desired locations and businesses in Downtown Tulsa, Mid-town Tulsa, South Tulsa, West Tulsa, the Airport, all the major shopping/entertainment areas of the city, and to the outlying cities of Broken Arrow, Owasso, Bixby, and Jenks. The area offers housing built from the early 1970s to the present.
Southern Hills.
Southern Hills is an exclusive neighborhood on the south side that is centered around the Southern Hills Country Club at 61st and Lewis. Southern Hills Country Club has hosted 13 major golf championships including four U.S. Opens. Many of the original homes in this neighborhood are sprawling suburban homes built in the ranch style.
East Tulsa.
East Tulsa is a suburban-style area originating between Admiral and 21st Street and extending out to Mingo. Attractions in this part of the city include McClure Park, which is notable for its disc golf course, the Carl Smith Athletic Complex, and the popular Admiral Twin Drive-In movie theatre. There is also a large portion of Route 66 in East Tulsa. The parts of East Tulsa that fall in Union and Broken Arrow School districts are increasingly attracting high-income professionals looking for suburban life within the city limits. Mayo Demonstration Academy, a magnet school of the Tulsa Public School system, is located in this area. Eastgate Metroplex and East Central High School are also in this area. Also the area is home to Tulsa's hospitality district, where many hotels are located. Redbud Valley Nature Preserve is also located in this part of the city.
West Tulsa.
Main article (West Tulsa, Tulsa, Oklahoma)
Communities of West Tulsa in city limits are Red Fork, Carbondale, Garden City, and Turkey Mountain. Other communities considered a part of West Tulsa but located in Creek County are Oakhurst, Oakridge, and Allen-Bowden.
West Tulsa is another reminder of Tulsa’s oil-rich past. Two oil refineries remain in operation to this day on the west bank of the river. This large industrial area gives way to wooded and hilly neighborhoods. The classic art deco Webster High School is here, as is the popular train-themed Ollie’s Station Restaurant, sitting next to the Tulsa rail yard. Other schools in West Tulsa include Berryhill High School, Remington Elementary, Robertson Elementary, Park Elementary and Clinton Middle School. Webster is the oldest existing high school facility in Tulsa, and has an active alumni association. Portions of Route 66 pass through West Tulsa. West Tulsa is broken up into several sections, including Carbondale and Red Fork, among others.
The Riverparks system, also here on the bank of the river, includes the Riverwest Festival Park, with its floating stage amphitheater overlooking downtown. Riverwest is home to such popular events as Tulsa's Oktoberfest, one of the largest of its kind in North America, and the Gatesway Balloon Festival.
West Tulsa is also home to The Oaks Country Club, one of Tulsa's three major country clubs, and Inverness Village, a large retirement community. In addition to these companies, Camp Loughridge, a Christian Summer Camp operates on 186 acres of land in West Tulsa.

</doc>
<doc id="5908621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908621" title="Brazos water snake">
Brazos water snake

The Brazos water snake or Harter's water snake "(Nerodia harteri)" is a species of mostly aquatic, nonvenomous, colubrid snake native to the United States. 
Geographic range.
It is found only in north-central Texas along the Brazos River system. 
Conservation status.
Due to its limited range, it is considered to be a threatened species in the State of Texas. 
Etymology.
The specific name or epithet, "harteri", is in honor of Philip Harter, who collected the first specimen in Palo Pinto County in 1936.
Description.
The Brazos water snake grows to a total length of 16 to 32 inches (41-81 cm), and ranges in color from brown to olive green. It has two rows of spots that go down either side of its back, and has a pink or orange underside with dark spots down either side.

</doc>
<doc id="5908632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908632" title="Pepo">
Pepo

Pepo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5908635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908635" title="Imperial Irrigation District">
Imperial Irrigation District

The Imperial Irrigation District (IID) was formed in 1911 under the California Irrigation District Act to acquire the properties of the bankrupt California Development Company and its Mexican subsidiary. The IID had acquired 13 mutual water companies, which had developed and operated distribution canals in the Imperial Valley, by 1922. It is currently based in Imperial, California.
Prior to 1942, irrigation water for the Imperial Valley was diverted from the Colorado River near Pilot Knob into the IID-operated Alamo Canal (also known as the Imperial Canal). Since 1942, water has been diverted at the Imperial Dam on the Colorado River through the All-American Canal, all of which the IID operates and maintains.
The IID also remotely operates the Brock Reservoir by opening and closing the inlet and outlet gates and regulating the amount of water diverted into the reservoir and returned to the main system. 
The district also supplies electricity to residents of the Imperial Valley including the cities of El Centro, Calexico, Holtville, Brawley and other small towns in the area.
Imperial Irrigation District Electricity provides electric power to more than 145,000 customers in the Imperial Valley and parts of Riverside and San Diego counties. As the sixth largest utility in California, IID Energy controls more than 1,100 megawatts of energy derived from a diverse resource portfolio that includes its own generation, and long- and short-term power purchases.
Officials.
One official, Anthony Sanchez, resigned his position on the water board in 2012 after he turned himself in to police on suspicion of child abuse. The arrest occurred after a videotape was released that allegedly shows Sanchez beating his stepson, in his back yard, over a game of catch.

</doc>
<doc id="5908651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908651" title="Banded water snake">
Banded water snake

The banded water snake or southern water snake (Nerodia fasciata) is a species of mostly aquatic, nonvenomous, colubrid snake endemic to the central and southeastern United States. 
Geographic range.
It is found from Indiana, south to Louisiana and east to Florida.
Description.
Adults of the banded water snake measures from in total length, with a record size (in the Florida subspecies) of in total length. 
It is typically gray, greenish-gray, or brown in color, with dark crossbanding. Many specimens are so dark in color that their patterning is barely discernible. They have flat heads, and are fairly heavy-bodied. 
Their appearance leads them to be frequently mistaken for other snakes with which they share a habitat, including the less common, venomous cottonmouth.
Habitat.
"Nerodia fasciata" inhabits most freshwater environments such as lakes, marshes, ponds, and streams.
Diet.
It preys mainly on fish and frogs. Using its vomeronasal organ, also called Jacobson's organ, the snake can detect parvalbumins in the cutaneous mucus of its prey.
Reproduction.
The species is ovoviviparous, giving birth to live young. The brood size varies from 9 to 50. Newborns are 200-240 mm (about 8-9.5 in) in total length.
Subspecies.
The three recognized subspecies of "Nerodia fasciata", including the nominotypical subspecies, are:
Taxonomy.
Some sources consider "Nerodia clarkii compressicauda" and "Nerodia clarkii taeniata" to be subspecies of "Nerodia fasciata". Also, some sources have considered "Nerodia fasciata" to be a subspecies of "Nerodia sipedon".

</doc>
<doc id="5908677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908677" title="Sit 'n Spin">
Sit 'n Spin

Sit 'n Spin is a popular preschool toy first introduced in the 1970s and currently produced by Playskool, a division of Hasbro.. Introduced by Kenner Toys (later bought by Hasbro) in Cincinnati, Ohio, it was invented by Jacob W Burkart Sr and John F Mayer in 1973 in Kenner's engineering department. It came in a multitude of visual designs; however, all were multicolored (using some or all of the primary colors red, yellow, blue). It features a large circular two-part plastic base. One part is in contact with the ground, and is connected to a smaller concentric plastic disk above it. The other part of the base, another concentric circle, is free to spin about the axis. A child sits on this part of the base, cross-legged and straddling the pole, and turns the disk, spinning the child in the other direction.

</doc>
<doc id="5908694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908694" title="1958 Tour de France">
1958 Tour de France

The 1958 Tour de France was the 45th Tour de France, taking place June 26 to July 19, 1958. The total race distance was 24 stages over 4,319 km, at an average speed of 36.919 km/h.
The yellow jersey for the leader in the general classification changed owner a record 11 times, and only at the penultimate stage in the time trial the decision was made, when Gaul created a margin of more than three minutes.
In the final sprint, sprinter André Darrigade, who had already won five stages, collided with a stage official, who eleven days later died because of his injuries.
Participants.
In 1958, 120 cyclists entered, divided into 10 teams of 12 cyclists each. France, Italy, Belgium and Spain each sent a national team. The Netherlands and Luxembourg had a combined team, as had Switzerland and Germany. There was also one "international" team, consisting of cyclists from Austria, Portugal, Great Britain and Denmark. There were also three regional French teams: Centre-Midi, West/South West and Paris/North East.
The French team had had some problems with the selection, as Jacques Anquetil, the winner of the 1957 Tour de France, did not want to share leadership with Louison Bobet, winner in 1953, 1954 and 1955. Anquetil had been so superior in 1957, that he did not want Bobet and Géminiani both in his team. The French team selector then chose to include Bobet in the national team.
Raphael Géminiani, who had been in the French national team since 1949, was demoted into the regional Centre-Midi team. Géminiani was not pleased, and sent the French team director Marcel Bidot a jack-ass named "Marcel" to express his displeasure.
Charly Gaul, part of the Dutch/Luxembourgian team, anticipated so little help from his team mates that he announced that he would not share prizes. His team mates then refused to support him, so Gaul was on his own.
Changes from the 1957 Tour.
For the first time, the first mountain climbs were broadcast live on television.
Whereas there had been two rest days in recent years, the 1958 Tour had no rest days at all.
Race details.
The first stage left in Brussels, to celebrate Brussel's World Fair. In the first stages, Luxembourgian climber Charly Gaul struggled, and lost considerable time in flat stages.
During a break in the sixth stage, Anquetil and Bobet were left behind. Géminiani was in the leading group, and gained more than ten minutes on his rivals. After the sixth stage, Gerrit Voorting was in first place, followed by François Mahé from the French national team, and Géminiani.
In the seventh stage, Arrigo Padovan won the sprint from Brian Robinson. The jury however relegated Padovan to second place for irregular sprinting, and Robinson became the first British winner of a stage.
The ninth stage again saw a large breakaway, this time including Darrigade. Darrigade won the sprint, and because the next group was more than 10 minutes behind, he became the new leader.
Géminiani and the French national team were still on bad terms. When Gastone Nencini, a threat to both, had escaped and the national team members asked Géminiani to help them to get Nencini back, Géminiani refused.
The Pyréneés were visited in stage 13. Darrigade was not able to keep up with the leaders, and lost the lead. Bahamontes had tried to escape but failed, and later Gaul tried to escape, but he also failed. The favourites finished together, and Géminiani became the new leader; Vito Favero was only three seconds behind him.
In the fourteenth stage, also in the Pyrénées, Bahamontes escaped again, and this time he managed to stay away and win. Géminiani finished in the next group, but because Favero won the sprint for the second place, he received 30 seconds bonification time, and became the new leader.
In the fifteenth stage, Favero again finished second, and extended his lead again by 30 seconds.
In the eighteenth stage, a mountain time trial, Gaul won back time, and jumped from sixth place to third place in the general classification. Géminiani jumped back to the first place in that stage.
In the nineteenth stage, over the Alps, Gaul had mechanical problems, and lost ten minutes. Second-placed rider Favero was now at a margin of more than three minutes.
In the twentieth stage, again in the Alps, Bahamontes finished first. Gaul lost a few seconds to Géminiani in the that stage, so after the twentieth stage, Gaul was more than sixteen minutes behind Géminiani. With only a few stages left, Géminiani appeared to be able to win the race.
In stage 21, the weather conditions were bad. Before the stage started, Gaul told Bobet that he would attack on the first climb of the day, which he did. Bahamontes followed him, but let himself drop back because the weather was too bad and the finish was still far away.
Gaul continued on his own, and his margin with the next cyclist kept growing. Géminiani now asked the French national team to help him, but they could not help and did not want to help. Géminiani forgot to take food in the food zone, and was hungry in the last part of the stage. In the end, Gaul won the stage almost 8 minutes ahead of the next rider. Favero came in third, more than ten minutes later, and Géminiani seventh more than 14 minutes behind. Favero was again first in the general classification, with Géminiani only 39 seconds behind in second place and Gaul 67 seconds behind in third place. After that stage, Géminiani accused the French team of treason, because he said it was due to their attacks that he lost the lead. Because of the extraordinary circumstances, the time limits were not enforced that stage.Second-placed rider Favero was now at a margin of more than three minutes.
Stage 22 was flat, and the favourites stayed together. This meant that the time trial in stage 23 would be decisive.
In that time trial, Gaul was the first of these three to start. Gaul set the winning time, and Géminiani and Favero lost more than three minutes, so Gaul took the lead in the general classification. Anquetil, who felt sick and was behind in the general classification, did not start that stage.
The last stage traditionally saw no problems for the leader, and Gaul became the first Luxembourgian cyclist since 1928 to win the Tour.
In the final sprint in the last stage in the Parc des Princes, André Darrigade was in first position when he collided with Constant Wouters, the 70-year-old sécrétaire-général of the stadium, who was attempting to prevent photographers encroaching on the track. Darrigade needed five stitches, but Wouters injuries were more serious, and he died eleven days later.
Stages.
The 1958 Tour de France started on 26 June, and had no rest days.
Classification leadership.
The yellow jersey changed hands eleven times, the most ever.
Results.
General classification.
The time that each cyclist required to finish each stage was recorded, and these times were added together for the general classification. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey. Of the 120 cyclists that started the 1958 Tour de France, 78 finished the race. Gaul had an average speed of 36.919 km/h, which was a new record.
Points classification.
The points classification was calculated by adding the stage ranks of each cyclist.
Mountains classification.
The mountains classification was calculated by adding the points given to cyclists for reaching the highest point in a climb first.
Team classification.
The team classification was calculated as the sum of the daily team classifications, and the daily team classification was calculated by adding the times in the stage result of the best three cyclists per team. It was won by the Belgian team, with a large margin over the Italian team.
Combativity classification.
The combativity award was won by Federico Bahamontes.

</doc>
<doc id="5908705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908705" title="Sona, Veneto">
Sona, Veneto

Sona is a "comune" with 14 269 inhabitants in the province of Verona in Italy.
Twin towns.
Sona is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="5908722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908722" title="Geringswalde">
Geringswalde

Geringswalde () is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 12 km northwest of Mittweida, and 27 km north of Chemnitz.
History.
The town was first mentioned in 1233 in a document confirming the establishment of a Benedictine nun's convent. After the Protestant reformation, the convent was dissolved and transformed into a manor. The town was never walled. A short-lived orthodox Lutheran school was closed in 1568 due to the rector being accused of Gnesio-Lutheranism.
Until the 19th century, the economy was chiefly based on agriculture and linen manufacture. After Industrialization Geringswalde was known for the production of furniture (mainly chairs and armchairs) and cutting tools. The manor was dissolved after World War II and most of its buildings demolished. Geringswalde was part of Kreis Rochlitz from 1945 to 1994, of Landkreis Mittweida from 1994 to 2008 and belongs now to the Central Saxony administrative district.
From 1893 to 1997, the town was served by the standard-gauge railway line Waldheim - Rochlitz.
Sights.
The neogothic Martin Luther church of 1890 replaces a former romanesque church. The neo-baroque town hall was opened in 1905, the school house in neo-renaissance style in 1894. An observation tower named after Frederick Augustus III of Saxony, situated north of the town, opened in 1907.
A copy of the 1727 Saxon post milestone ("Postmeilensäule") stands near the town centre. The original is kept in a museum in Rochlitz.
A castle in the nearby forest was destroyed in the Middle Ages, only minuscule remains of its basement walls are left.
The village church of Altgeringswalde houses a painted wooden altar which was made around 1510 and restored in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5908730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908730" title="Akimi Yoshida">
Akimi Yoshida

Yoshida is best known for the series "Banana Fish". She twice won the Shogakukan Manga Awards for shōjo, for "Kisshō Tennyo" in 1984 and for "Yasha" in 2002. In 2007, she received an Excellence Award for manga at the Japan Media Arts Festival for "Umimachi Diary".

</doc>
<doc id="5908732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908732" title="Thomas Cox">
Thomas Cox

Thomas or Tom Cox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5908735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908735" title="The Lake House (Waterford, Maine)">
The Lake House (Waterford, Maine)

The Lake House is an historic tavern located at the Waterford Flat area of Waterford in Maine. It is an inn and restaurant north of Keoka Lake and near Mount Tire'm.
The tavern was built by prominent businessman Eli Longley in 1797, the year the town of Waterford was incorporated. In 1847, it became The Maine Hygienic Institute for Ladies, which in the 1880s was then converted to a hotel. Guests were drawn to the beauty and seclusion of the antique lakeside village, much of which is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Patrons would include Mickey Rooney, Claudette Colbert and Judy Garland.

</doc>
<doc id="5908751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908751" title="Gernsheim">
Gernsheim

Gernsheim is a town in Groß-Gerau district and Darmstadt region in Hesse, Germany, lying on the Rhine.
Geography.
Location.
The "Schöfferstadt Gernsheim", as Gernsheim may officially call itself – it was Peter Schöffer's birthplace – lies 18 km southwest of Darmstadt and 16 km northeast of Worms, right on the Rhine's east bank, south of the Old Rhine near Stockstadt am Rhein in the Frankfurt Rhein-Main Region.
Neighbouring communities.
Gernsheim borders in the north on the communities of Biebesheim and Riedstadt, in the east on the town of Pfungstadt and the communities of Bickenbach and Alsbach-Hähnlein (all in Darmstadt-Dieburg), in the south on the town of Bensheim and the communities of Einhausen and Groß-Rohrheim (all in Kreis Bergstraße) and in the west on the community of Hamm (Alzey-Worms).
Constituent communities.
Gernsheim consists of the centres of Allmendfeld, Gernsheim and Klein-Rohrheim.
History.
In the first century, there was Roman settlement in what is now Gernsheim. By the 7th century, this had given way to Frankish settlement. In 852, Gernsheim had its first documentary mention, and was also later mentioned in the Lorsch codex.
In 1356, Gernsheim was granted town rights by Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor. In 1425, Peter Schöffer, later to be well known as one of Johannes Gutenberg's colleagues, was born.
In 1937, the village of Allmendfeld, now part of Gernsheim but originally a separate municipality, was founded. It is Hesse's newest town (in the common sense, if not the administrative). It is named after the commons ("die Allmende" in German).
Politics.
Coat of arms.
Gernsheim's civic coat of arms might heraldically be described thus: In gules a six-spoked wheel argent.
Gernsheim was among Mainz's many landholdings for centuries (1232-1802). The charge in these arms is the Wheel of Mainz, a common heraldic charge in the region, given the history, but unlike many others, Gernsheim's arms have only this one charge. The town's oldest known seal, from the 14th century, already showed the wheel, as have all seals that later followed. The arms were officially granted in 1925.[http://www.ngw.nl/int/dld/g/gernshei.htm]
Gernsheim has the same arms as Höchst, a constituent community of Frankfurt am Main.
Economy and infrastructure.
Transport.
Roads serving Gernsheim include Federal Highways ("Bundesstraßen") B 44, B44a and B 426. Gernsheim is also connected to the Autobahn A 67, as well as to State Highway ("Landesstraße") L 3112 and the K 206.
Gernsheim lies on the Frankfurt – Mannheim railway line. There are also bus connections to Darmstadt, Bensheim, Goddelau and Lampertheim.
Gernsheim's riverfront on the Rhine is home to a container port with a railway connection. There are also ferries across the Rhine to Eich in Rhineland-Palatinate.

</doc>
<doc id="5908758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908758" title="Chewits">
Chewits

Chewits is the brand name of a chewy, cuboid-shaped, soft taffy sweet manufactured by Cloetta. 
History.
Chewits was launched in the UK in 1965. The sweets were originally manufactured in Southport, but after the closing of the factory in 2006 manufacture was moved to Slovakia. The original flavours consisted of Strawberry, Blackcurrant, Orange and Banana. Over the years more exotic flavours such as Ice Cream, Cola, Rhubarb & Custard, and Blue Mint were introduced as limited edition flavours. In 2000 sour flavours, Apple and Tutti Frutti were launched, other fizzy and hot flavours were available for a limited time. New Chewits pack designs, formats and flavours were launched in 2009. Currently Chewits core flavour range includes Strawberry, Blackcurrant, Fruit Salad, Ice Cream, Cola and Orange.
Ice Cream Chewits, originally released in 1989, were re-introduced in 2009 following an online petition and demand expressed on Facebook and Bebo.
Television advertising.
A spin-off computer game, "The Muncher", was released for the ZX Spectrum in 1988.
The original adverts used claymation special effects, similar in style to those made famous in the movies of Ray Harryhausen. They also included a voiceover style reminiscent of a 1950s radio serial. 
A subsequent advertisement, originally aired in 1995, plays on the over-the-top advertising style of the post-war era. To the tune of bright 1950s era orchestration, a salesy narrator exhorts viewers to try a variety of chewy consumer items in the essential guide to a chewier chew. The ad shows the 'Monster Muncher' sampling items such as Wellington boots, a rubber boat and a rubber plant in order to be ready for the chewiest of chews - Chewits.
In the late 1990s, Chewits experimented with ads showing multiple news casting dinosaur puppets. The catchphrase advice at the close of each 'broadcast' was to "do it before you chew it". This style of ads was relatively short-lived for Chewits.
With a change of advertising agencies, the puppets were replaced by colourful 2D animations. The 'Monster Muncher' was re-introduced as 'Chewie' in two popular adverts from this time. In the first, which aired in 2000, Chewie roller skates on two buses through a busy city scene. The second, which went out a year later in 2001, shows Chewie waterskiing at a popular seaside resort. The ads included a rendition of the 1994 hit song 'I like to move it' by Reel 2 Real, with the chorus, "I like to Chewit Chewit."
In 2003, after a further shift in advertising agencies, a new ad was aired showing a wide range of animals auditioning to be the new face of Chewits. The ad announced the return of the iconic dinosaur Chewie mascot, now dubbed 'Chewie the Chewitsaurus'. 
In 2009, Chewits introduced the new Chewie the Chewitsaurus look, showing a contemporary, computer-game-style slick design. Chewie the Chewitsaurus features on all Chewits packaging and sponsorship activity.
Social media.
In 2009, Chewits launched a social media campaign with the new-look Chewie the Chewitsaurus. The Facebook page titled “Chewie the Chewitsuarus” and has established over 400,000 ‘likes’ in its lifetime. Copyrighting on the Facebook page is derived from, and reminiscent of the 1950s radio serial narrator style from the previous TV advertising campaigns.
Promotion and sponsorship.
Chewits have been involved in a range of promotional activity over the years including the Chewits log flume at Pleasureland in Southport. More recently, Chewits have sponsored several sport and activity-related programmes for children in the UK.
Chewits Sports Courses, in partnership with children's coaching organisation Premier Sport, run daily during school holidays and provide sporting activity courses to approximately 125,000 children in the UK. The sponsorship is supported by sporting ambassadors Lawrence Dallaglio, Duncan Goodhew and Paul Sculthorpe. 
Chewits began sponsoring the Lancashire County Cricket's junior membership club, the Lancashire Thunderbolts, in February 2009. 
In 2009, Chewits launched a programme to help young sporting hopefuls ahead of the London Olympics in 2012. The Chewits Young Sporting Ambassador programme provides financial support and coaching to sponsored athletes.
In 2011, Chewits partnered with Team Extreme and held an extreme sports road show to promote the Xtreme range of products.
Dietary restrictions.
Chewits contain no hydrogenated fats. Chewits products contain no artificial colourings. With the exception of Strawberry, Ice cream and Xtreme Sour Tutti Frutti, Chewits products are free from artificial flavourings.
Chewits subscribes to the Betreatwise program, a UK program that encourages people to think about the treats they eat as a part of a healthy and well balanced diet, and to use the Guideline Daily Amounts (GDAs) on the back of packs for nutritional guidance.
Chewits are also suitable for vegetarians.

</doc>
<doc id="5908766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908766" title="Ed Janus">
Ed Janus

Ed Janus is a writer, independent audio journalist and oral historian. He has lived in Madison, Wisconsin for over 40 years where he is well known for having brought baseball and world-renowned beers to that city.
Janus was born in Washington, D.C. in 1945 and was graduated from Lake Forest College in 1968 with honors for his thesis on the dramaturgy of political demonstrations. He worked for a year as a community organizer with The West Side Organization and the Southern Christian Leadership Council in Chicago in 1966-67, where he was deeply influenced by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Eschewing an academic career, Janus became a city bus driver in Evanston, Illinois (“the second best job I ever had”) and later a dairy farmer (“the best job I ever had”) in Soldiers Grove, Wisconsin where he and his partners milked 30 cows and plowed, planted and harvested 250 acres. As he writes in his book, Creating Dairyland :
Janus was a member of the Phoenix Fellowship, a group whose members were well known in Madison as the creators of the Ovens of Brittany and Bakers Rooms, restaurants that changed the landscape of food in Madison.
In the early 1980s Janus led a group that brought professional, small town baseball back to Madison after an absence of 40 years. Madison Muskies Baseball became more than a game; it became a summertime outlet for community-based zaniness. So popular were the games and the zaniness, that CBS Nightly News, CNN and National Public Radio reported on them.
While he served as the general manager of the Muskies, Janus was working on developing a small, local brewery. At the time (1983–84) there was a mere handful of new local breweries in the U.S. Janus and his partners decided to create authentic German beers such as might have been brewed in Wisconsin early in the century. They also wanted a brewery that paid homage to craftsmanship, individual taste and small-scale enterprise.
Since micro-breweries were an unknown business at the time, investors did not know what to make of the idea. Janus and his partners decided that rather than raising money privately, they would go right to the beer drinking, brewery-loving people of Wisconsin. In a series of humorous radio and print advertisements and public meetings around Wisconsin, Janus and his partners were able to raise more than $1.5 million from state residents in a most unusual stock offering – an IPO connected only to a business plan, not an on-going business. For his efforts, or chutzpah, Janus was nominated by the state securities commissioner for an Arthur Young Wisconsin Entrepreneur of the Year award. (He received an honorable mention.)
Capital Brewery brewed its first beers in 1986. In 1998 it was named as the top brewery in the U.S. and seventh best in the world, at the Beverage Testing Institute's World Beer Championships in Chicago.
In 1990, Janus began his career as an interviewer, writer and audio journalist. Since then he has interviewed hundreds of people on topics covering education policy, the environment, business, health and language. For example a program on American dialects and another on the dark sky movement, aired around the world on Voice of America. Janus has also been heard on Marketplace, and thousands of CDs and websites.
In 1999, Janus created You’re Not Alone: Conversations with Breast Cancer Survivors and Those Who Love Them, a first-person audio book which was awarded top honors by the Audio Publishers Association. In 2004, the German publishing company Langenscheidt, published Living in the U. S.: Das Praxistraining für Job und Alltag, a series of books and audio interviews with representative Americans created to help Germans understand everyday spoken American English.
In 2006, Janus began to revisit dairy farming by producing a series of first-person audio stories of dairy farmers and cheesemakers for the Wisconsin Milk Marketing Board. While working on these stories he realized that to tell the story of dairying today, he would also need to tell the remarkable story of how dairying came to Wisconsin and how it transformed the state.
A book, Creating Dairyland, (Wisconsin Historical Society Press, 2011) came out of his exploration of this “deeper soil”; a book that shows how learning to care for cows saved Wisconsin farmers from themselves, transformed them into progressives, created an industry and bequeathed the endearing bucolic landscape to Wisconsin that continues to define the state’s psyche today.
As he writes in the book’s introduction:
During the 160 years since dairy cows began to reshape Wisconsin’s landscape, economics, moral ethic, and way of life, many thousands of men and women have been initiated into a kind of faith: faith that care of the cow and the soil would bring them prosperity, even happiness.
Janus is exploring a number of new projects. The first, a book, tentatively called "Bringing the Enlightenment to Main Street", will tell the story of how Free Masonry transduced the philosophy of the enlightened liberalism into a way of being and living for millions of American men; citizens of a new liberal-moral democracy. The second project under consideration is a one-man play called Marcus Aurelius Tonight, a reprise for the venerable Stoic.

</doc>
<doc id="5908782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908782" title="Veurne-Ambacht">
Veurne-Ambacht

Veurne-Ambacht was a viscounty ( "kasselrij", "burggraafschap") in the County of Flanders. Agriculture contributed mostly to the prosperous area.
In the viscountship's capital city Veurne, the "Landhuis" was the seat of the viscountcy.

</doc>
<doc id="5908789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908789" title="Gersfeld">
Gersfeld

Gersfeld is a town in the district of Fulda, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated on the Fulda River, in the Rhön Mountains, southeast of Fulda. It was belonged to abbey-principality of Fulda before secularisation in 1803 It was belonged to Principality of Nassau-Orange-Fulda between 1803 and 1806, France between 1806 and 1810, Grand Duchy of Frankfurt between 1810 and 1813. After the Battle of Leipzig, it was occupied by Allied troops of Sixth Coalition between 1813 and 1815. It was given to Kingdom of Bavaria in 1815. Prussia occupied it during Austro-Prussian War and annexed in newly founded Hesse Nassau province. It was finally bounded to Hesse state in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="5908793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908793" title="Load duration curve">
Load duration curve

A load duration curve illustrates the variation of a certain load in a downward form such that the greatest load is plotted in the left and the smallest one in the right. On the time axis, the time duration for which each certain load continues during the day is given.
There are some facts about the LDC and can be summarized as:
A load duration curve (LDC) is used in electric power generation to illustrate the relationship between generating capacity requirements and capacity utilization.
A LDC is similar to a load curve but the demand data is ordered in descending order of magnitude, rather than chronologically. The LDC curve shows the capacity utilization requirements for each increment of load. The height of each slice is a measure of capacity, and the width of each slice is a measure of the utilization rate or capacity factor. The product of the two is a measure of electrical energy (e.g. kilowatthours).
A price duration curve shows the proportion of time for which the price exceeded a certain value.
Together, the price duration curve and load duration curve enable the analyst to understand the behaviour of the electricity market, for example, the likelihood of peaking power plant being required for service, and the impact that this might have on price.

</doc>
<doc id="5908800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908800" title="Isaac Maddox">
Isaac Maddox

Isaac Maddox (27 July 1697 – 27 September 1759) was an Anglican clergyman, successively bishop of St Asaph and of Worcester. He was a member of the Royal Society. (No evidence has emerged to confirm a suggestion that he was the great nephew of wealthy land-owner Sir Benjamin Maddox (1644–1716).)
Life.
Isaac was the son of a Dissenter, Edward Maddox, stationer of London. He was orphaned at an early age, and brought up by an aunt who sent him to a charity school before apprenticing him to a pastry cook. However, assisted by an uncle, he quit his apprenticeship and was tutored by Rev. Hay, vicar of St Stephen Coleman Street. As a practising Dissenter, Maddox was given a grant from the Presbyterian Fund to study for the Dissenting ministry at Edinburgh University. Here he befriended John Horsley who later became the father of Samuel Horsley, who at that time was also destined for the Dissenting ministry. He was awarded M.A. in January 1722/3.
Maddox returned to London early in 1723 and, along with John Horsley, promptly conformed to the Church of England, though he remained on friendly terms with Dissenters, notably Philip Doddridge of Northampton; and he conspicuously supported foreign Moravian Christians in the North American colonies. In 1740, foreign Protestants after a residence of seven years could become naturalized on swearing an oath of allegiance. Quakers were exempted this oath. In 1747, with Maddox’s support, the exemption was extended to Moravians. In his speech in the House of Lords, Maddox insisted that it would be beneficial ‘if the British nation expresses itself in favour of the ; for whatever benefit England confers upon this ancient confessor Church must be an encouragement to all evangelical Christians throughout the world, to expect nothing but good from this country.’
On 10 March 1722/3, following his return to London from Edinburgh Maddox was conferred Deacon by Thomas Green, bishop of Norwich, and given a curacy at St Bride's Church, Fleet Street. Soon after, on 9 June, he was ordained priest by bishop Edmund Gibson who sent him to Queens’ College, Cambridge, who awarded him B.A. the following year. In 1724 he was given the vicarship of Whiteparish, Wiltshire, and in 1729 Maddox the rectorate of St Vedast Foster Lane, London. In the same year, he was also appointed domestic chaplain to Edward Waddington, bishop of Chichester, who gave him a Prebendary at Chichester. He was awarded D.D. (Queens’ College, Cambridge) by Royal Mandate in 1730.
The following year, 1731, Maddox married Elizabeth Price, niece of Bishop Waddington, by whom he had a son, Isaac Price Maddox, and two daughters, one of whom, Mary, married James Yorke, later Bishop of Ely.
In 1736 Maddox was elevated to the bishopric of St Asaph, though he continued to live in London, and at Westhorpe House, his country house at Little Marlow in Buckinghamshire. He only visited his diocese on occasional summers. In 1743 he was translated bishop of Worcester. Isaac Maddox is buried in the south transept of Worcester Cathedral.
Charitable works.
Maddox supported numerous charities. In addition, he was president of the Small-pox Hospital in London, and a principle promoter of Worcester Infirmary, consulting Philip Doddridge who had taken a similar part in founding the County Infirmary at Northampton. He also promoted British industry, sinking a lot of money into supporting British fisheries. The breadth of his interest in charitable works is represented in the many charity sermons that were published.
Published works.
Apart from numerous charity sermons, and plea for action against alcohol abuse, Maddox’s principal publication is his "Vindication of the government, doctrine, and worship, of the Church of England", 1733, in which he ably defends the anti-Puritan position, criticising Daniel Neal’s "History of the Puritans".
His charity sermons include:

</doc>
<doc id="5908807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908807" title="Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer">
Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer

Jason Friedberg (born in Newark, New Jersey, United States) and Aaron Seltzer (born in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada) are a film director and screenwriter team known for making spoof movies that generally receive very unfavorable reviews, but would do well in the box office. They were part of the writing team for "Scary Movie" and "Spy Hard". They have also written and directed films such as "Date Movie", "Epic Movie", "Meet the Spartans", "Disaster Movie", "Vampires Suck" and "The Starving Games".
Biography.
Seltzer, is allegedly part of a Canadian shoe salesmen family from Mississauga, Ontario but is actually from Southern California, and Friedberg who was born in Newark, NJ and was raised in Paterson, New Jersey and son of director Rick Friedberg. Seltzer and Friedberg met at the University of California, Santa Barbara and bonded over their love of film, especially comedy. They did not attend film school, with Seltzer majoring in art history and Friedberg in history, but decided to try a career in the film industry after attending a class about Martin Scorsese in their last semester. While writing screenplays at night, both spent the day attending jobs to pay their tuition, selling homemade T-shirts, started their own food delivery service, and opening shoe shops in Los Angeles. As Rick Friedberg made the video "Bad Golf Made Easier" with Leslie Nielsen, he showed his son's script for a spy film spoof. Nielsen approved, and this lead into 1996's "Spy Hard". Seltzer and Friedberg then spent some years as screenwriters for hire, with Seltzer estimating the duo sold "upward of 40 scripts". The only finished project was an uncredited rewrite to the Jean-Claude Van Damme film "Maximum Risk" (1996), while an unproduced Liberace biopic introduced them to producer Peter Safran. In 1998, Safran managed to sell to Dimension Pictures a horror film spoof spec script of Seltzer and Friedberg named "Scream If You Know What I Did Last Summer", later reworked by four other writers under the title "Scary Movie". The film was a sleeper hit in 2000, and brought much attention to Seltzer and Friedberg. Tired of many unmade projects, as Regency Enterprises could not find a director for their romantic comedy spoof, Seltzer and Friedberg opted to direct "Date Movie" (2006) themselves.
Filmography.
"Date Movie" opened with $12.1 million and earned $48.9 million overall. "Disaster Movie" opened with $5.8 million and earned $14.2 million total in the United States. "Vampires Suck", which opened on a Wednesday, earned an estimated $19.7 million in its first five days.
Future projects.
Friedberg and Seltzer announced that they are making two new movies, a "Fast and Furious" spoof called "Superfast", and "Best Night Ever", a lewd found footage comedy in the vein of "Project X". Both are expected to be released in 2014.
Criticism.
The critical reception of Friedberg and Seltzer's movies has been extremely negative. "Disaster Movie" and "Meet the Spartans" were rated the two worst films of 2008 by "The Times". Additionally, every film they have directed has made it into Rotten Tomatoes' "Worst of the Worst" for the 2000s, only one scoring a spot outside of the bottom 25.
The duo received a Golden Raspberry Award nomination for Worst Screenplay for "Epic Movie" at the 2007 Razzies and were nominated for Worst Picture, Worst Director, and Worst Screenplay for both "Meet the Spartans" and "Disaster Movie" at the 2008 Razzies, as well as nominated for Worst Picture, Worst Director, Worst Screenplay and Worst Prequel, Remake, Rip-Off or Sequel
at the 2011 Razzies for "Vampires Suck". The pair appears more often than any other person on the fan-voted list of "The 50 Worst Movies Ever" in noted British film magazine "Empire". Almost all of their movies appear with a rank, and all are mentioned in the full review text.
Critic Josh Levin of "Slate" commented that "Friedberg and Seltzer...are not filmmakers. They are evildoers, charlatans, symbols of Western civilization's decline..." Josh Rosenblatt of the "Austin Chronicle" said that "Writer/directors Friedberg and Seltzer are a scourge. They're a plague on our cinematic landscape, a national shame, a danger to our culture, a typhoon-sized natural disaster disguised as a filmmaking team, a Hollywood monster wreaking havoc on the minds of America's youth and setting civilization back thousands of years." Korey Coleman of Spill.com has claimed that he is "bothered" by the duo's films, as he believes they are dumbing down the film industry and popular culture in general.
Critic Nathan Rabin also gave their films an indignant condemnation, saying:
spoof movies, as practiced by the cultural blight that is Seltzer-Friedberg, aren't just troubling from an aesthetic viewpoint. They're horrifying from a moral standpoint as well. The parody of the Zucker brothers and Mel Brooks is defined by love, knowledge, and appreciation: The Zucker brothers and Mel Brooks love, know, and appreciate the source material they're spoofing enough to get all the details perfect. The comedy of Seltzer-Friedberg, in sharp contrast, is defined by contempt: contempt for the attention span, intelligence, maturity, and frame of reference for the audience, and an even more raging contempt for the source material they're spoofing. Friedberg and Seltzer aren't writers; they're comic terrorists who cavalierly destroy what others create for their own ugly self-interest. Their success is entirely dependent on making comedy a dumber, crasser, less dignified place.

</doc>
<doc id="5908824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908824" title="King-Sun Fu">
King-Sun Fu

Dr. King-Sun Fu (; 1930—April 29, 1985) was a professor at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. He was instrumental in the founding of IAPR, served as its first president, and is widely recognized for his extensive contributions to the field of pattern recognition (within computer image analysis).
In honor of the memory of Professor King-Sun Fu, IAPR gives the biennial King-Sun Fu Prize
to a living person in the recognition of an outstanding technical contribution to the field of pattern recognition. The first
King-Sun Fu Prize was presented in 1988, to Azriel Rosenfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="5908841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908841" title="Brinkmarsh Quarry">
Brinkmarsh Quarry

Brinkmarsh Quarry () is a 0.5 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the town of Thornbury, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="5908852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908852" title="East Dundry">
East Dundry

East Dundry is a south-facing hamlet some 160 metres above sea level in a sheltered valley of Dundry Hill just south of Bristol. The hamlet is in the parish of Dundry and about two kilometres east of its village church. The iron-age Maes Knoll tump (2.5 kilometres to the east) and tumuli (in the field just north-east of North Hill Farm) are evidence of long occupation of the valley. 
The original settlements probably owed their existence to the quarrying of the local Dundry stone, which is found at Cardiff Castle and was used in mediaeval Bristol. Nearby Dundry, was originally a Roman fort built as part of the local defences against the invasions of the Anglo-Saxons. 
The hamlet today has some 16 houses including two active farms – there were five active farms until the 1950s, then mostly supplying milk to Bristol. Most buildings are built from the oolitic limestone quarried locally, probably mostly by the sites of the houses. Until 1930, the inhabitants were almost entirely farmers and farm workers: gradually since then the hamlet has become a dormitory village for Bristol. 
East Dundry Lane in the 1920s was the first to be tarred into the hamlet. Bristol, with its centre only 6 kilometres away, had mains water, electricity, gas, dial telephones and mains drainage by the 1930s – but the Second World War and its ten years of ensuing austerity stopped all extension of these facilities to places such as East Dundry.
Information.
Second World War.
Bombs and shrapnel fell in East Dundry: bombs fell in the bull pen of North Hill Farm on 3 January 1941.
Electricity.
Negotiations with the Electricity Board started with a meeting in Walnut Farm in 1952 and installation in 1953 of an 11kV supply from across the valley in 1953.
Water supply.
The houses and farms built before about 1890 (and dating back to mediaeval and earlier times) are all geologically close to the division between clay and the higher layer of Dundry hill’s oolitic limestone – this allowed wells to be sunk for them, with a reliable supply. The farmhouses North Hill Farm and Walnut Farm were built on the village’s higher and flatter land in the late 19th century – they were served by separate hydraulic rams until the 1950s (for instance North Hill Farm had a pipe from the spring below Upton Farm to its ram by the stream and on up to the farm). Mains water (needing to be pumped up Dundry hill) was only supplied to the hamlet in 1957/8 after negotiations since 1952 (Dundry village had mains water supplied several years earlier than East Dundry).
Gas supply.
Gas was first supplied in the 1960s when a gas main to Chew Magna was routed through East Dundry passing from Bristol along the track north of North Hill Farm, down the hamlet’s lane to Cross Cottage, down the west end of Cross Cottage’s garden, along the road past Spring Farm and up the track towards Rattledown Farm. In a few years every joint of this steel pipeline had to be resealed when the supply was converted from town to natural gas.
Telephones.
East Dundry was served until the 1950s by poles and overhead open-wire cables all the way some 6 kilometres from the Chew Magna manual telephone exchange. Due to the Second World War and the following austerity, two houses often shared one of the few available lines with party lines (for example The Dingle had the number Chew Magna 81 from 1930 and the neighbouring North Hill Cottage later shared with Chew Magna 1081). In the 1950s Bristol’s automatic “Strowger” Bedminster exchange 66xxxx numbers served the hamlet, changing later to 63xxxx and 963xxxx. Subscriber Trunk Dialling with the local code of 0BR2 became available on 5 December 1958 to a few UK cities. The dialling code progressively changed to 0272 (the same on the dial as 0BR2) and then 0117.
Tithes.
The Tithe Acts of 1936 and 1951 established the compulsory redemption of English tithes by the state where the annual amounts payable were less than £1, so abolishing the bureaucracy and costs of collecting small sums of money. This applied to East Dundry as elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="5908853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908853" title="The Power of the Press">
The Power of the Press

The Power of the Press is a 1928 silent film directed by Frank Capra and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr as an aspiring newspaper reporter and Jobyna Ralston as a young woman suspected of murder.
In 2005, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
In 1943, Columbia used the title again for another newspaper picture, but it had a completely different plot and thus was not a remake. That movie had Lee Tracy as managing editor of a newspaper, and starred Guy Kibbee as the publisher. The title of the 1943 movie was "Power of the Press," with no "the."

</doc>
<doc id="5908860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908860" title="By the Light of the Silvery Moon (song)">
By the Light of the Silvery Moon (song)

"By The Light of the Silvery Moon" is a popular song. The music was written by Gus Edwards, and the lyrics by Edward Madden. The song was published in 1909 and first performed on stage by Lillian Lorraine. It was one of a series of moon-related Tin Pan Alley songs of the era.
The song has been used in a great many television shows and motion pictures. A film of the same title was released in 1953, starring Doris Day. It served as a sequel to "On Moonlight Bay", which also starred Doris Day.
Parody.
Billy Murray recorded the song "Stand Up and Sing for Your Father an Old Time Tune" in 1923. The lyrics of Murray's song parody "By the Light of the Silvery Moon", portraying an old man who found this new song frivolous.
In popular culture.
See all of the above for the importance of the song in popular culture.
The song was featured in a 1931 Fleischer Studios "Follow the bouncing ball" cartoon, that featured Betty Boop and the voice of Eddie Cantor. 
In the 1933 film "Turn Back the Clock", The Three Stooges make an early cameo appearance and sing the song.
In the 1949 film "The Jolson Story" the young Al Jolson, played by Scotty Beckett and voiced by Rudy Wissler, is shown singing the song in a theatre while performing in a double act with the character Steve Martin (William Demarest). Some license has been taken in this instance as by 1909, the year the song was published, Jolson was aged 23 and is meant to be in his early teens in the scene.
In 1950 film "Two Weeks–with Love", it was sung by Jane Powell and Ricardo Montalban.
In the 1952 episode of I Love Lucy, "Lucy's Show Biz Swan Song", the song was sung by Lucy Ricardo and Ethel Mertz (played by Lucille Ball and Vivian Vance), while the characters were auditioning for Ricky's "Gay Nineties Revue."
The song was featured in the film "By the Light of the Silvery Moon" (1953), and performed by Doris Day, Gordon MacRae, Leon Ames, Rosemary DeCamp and others throughout the film.
The song was also featured in the film "The Producers" (1968), Zero Mostel puts a coin in the jukebox of the bar where he is having a drink with Gene Wilder. The title he selects is "By The Light of the Silvery Moon". They both, accompanied by a drunkard, start singing the tune.
The song's patter is parodied in a popular "The Rocky Horror Picture Show". Audience Participation line for the song Eddie (Rocky Horror song). lines like "By the light (not the dark but the light)" become lines like "From the day he was born (not the night but the day)" and "She tried in vain (not the artery but the vein)".
The song is featured in the second episode of "Boardwalk Empire".
The song is featured in the film "18 Again!" (1988), and performed by George Burns, Red Buttons, and Charlie Schlatter.
The song is shortly featured in "The Haunted Mansion" (2003), performed by Shelby Grimm, Harry J. Campbell, William T. Lewis, Tim Reeder, and Bob Hartley.
In the 1988 film "The Good, the Bad, and Huckleberry Hound", Huckleberry sings this song to Desert Flower as opposed to his infamous "Oh My Darling Clementine."

</doc>
<doc id="5908872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908872" title="Michael Bowen">
Michael Bowen

Michael Bowen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5908879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908879" title="White Park cattle">
White Park cattle

The White Park (also known as the Ancient White Park in North America, the White Forest, the White Horned, the Wild White, and simply "the Park") is a rare breed of horned cattle with ancient herds preserved in Great Britain. It includes two very rare types often regarded as distinct, the Chillingham and the Vaynol.
Description.
The White Park is a medium-large, long-bodied bovine. A programme of linear assessment, including 200 bulls and 300 cows, has been carried out in the UK since 1994 to define its size and conformation. Mature bull weights vary from , depending on the quality of grazing, but bulls in good condition may weigh . Average withers height is , chest depth , body length (point of withers to point of pin bone (tuber ischii) , hip (tuber coxae) width , and scrotal circumference . The relevant corresponding measurements for adult cows are , , , and . The colour is distinctive, being porcelain white with coloured (black or red) points, namely ears, nose, eye rims, hooves, and teats and tips of the long horns. The colour pattern is dominant to other colours. The horns of the cows vary in shape, but the majority grow forwards and upwards in a graceful curve. The horns of bulls are thicker and shorter, and not so uplifted. In their native environment in Britain, White Park cattle are noted not only for their distinctive appearance, but also for their grazing behaviour, where they show a preference for coarser herbage. They are well-suited to non-intensive production and some herds are kept outside throughout the year on rough upland grazing without shelter or supplementary feed. They are docile, easy-calving, and have a long productive life. Some traits may vary a little in other countries, but the basic type is the same.
They are beef animals noted for the quality of their meat. Until relatively recently they were a triple-purpose breed – meat, milk and draught. The 3rd Lord Dynevor (1765–1852) kept a team of draught oxen, and the practice continued up to 1914. The records of one plough ox that was killed in 1871 at 14 years of age, show that he stood at the withers and weighed . They were used as dairy cattle even more recently. Some cows were being milked in the Dynevor herd in 1951, but yields were moderate. Beef became the main product during the twentieth century, and gained a reputation as a textured meat, with excellent flavour and marbling, which commanded a significant premium in speciality markets. Its reputation was established first in August 1617 when King James I declared "Finer beef nae man ever put his teeth into – - – Henceforth, it shall be Sir-Loin". The best quality beef comes from 36-month-old animals, and fine marbling is the key to its eating quality, while the low cholesterol content adds to its attraction for the health-conscious consumers.
Several blood typing and DNA studies have revealed the genetic distinctness of White Park cattle and the Oklahoma State University web site confirms the White Park is not closely related to two breeds of the same colour, but which are hornless, namely the American White Park (which actually is British White) and the British White and is genetically distinct from them. The colour-pointed coat pattern also appears in other cattle breeds such as the Irish Moiled, the Blanco Orejinegro, the Berrenda, the Nguni and the Texas Longhorn. The breeds most closely related seem to be the Highland cattle and Galloway cattle of Scotland, but the White Park "is genetically far distant from all British breeds".
The Chillingham has diverged from the main White Park population and various stories have grown up around them. Hemming references the work of Hall in the following excerpt: "- – In other words, since the Chillingham cattle, wherever they came from, cannot be aurochsen, they must be Bos taurus just like Jerseys or Herefords or any other breed. They do look more like miniature aurochsen, but that is because they have not been selectively bred for beef or milk, and cattle that have been left to their own devices will tend to revert to ancestral type. Although both the late president and the patron have quoted genetic work done on the cattle to support their arguments, the zoological reports in fact make it quite clear that the Chillingham herd does not have any special relationship to the aurochs whatsoever (Hall 1982-3, 96; 1991, 540)."
History.
White Park cattle are a remarkably ancient breed. Two thousand years ago a type of cattle similar to the White Park breed were found through much of the British Isles, particularly in Ireland, Wales, northern England and Scotland. At about that time in Ireland there are references in the story of Cruacha in the Cúchulain cycle to the sacrifice at Magh Aí of three hundred white cows with coloured ears, and the special status of white cattle is woven into stories such as the ancient Irish epic Táin Bó Cúailnge (The Cattle Raid of Cooley) from the Book of Leinster that survives in recensions dating back to at least the 12th century and preserving stories from perhaps a thousand years earlier. In one of the Irish law tracts, the penalty for satirising King Cernodon of Ulster includes "seven white cows with red ears". Either it was a common colour at that time or, more likely, it was a colour specially prized and maintained for ritual and ceremony. Place names give further clues; for example, the name of Inishbofin off the coast of Connemara translates as "the island of the white cow". The first issue of the Royal Dublin Society Historical Studies in Irish Agriculture is a book on ancient Irish cattle breeds which states that white cattle were known in Ireland until at least the 1820s, and cites the journal of a nineteenth-century Kilkenny farmer who noted animals of this type among the breeds at the Callan fair, although they became extinct in Ireland in that century.
Similar references are found in Welsh history at a slightly later period. Wales was the final refuge of the Druids as they retreated from persecution, and Pliny recorded in 43 AD a ceremony of sacrifice that was practiced before the Roman invasion involving two bulls of a white colour. Significantly, there were Irish colonies in Wales from the end of the third century AD. The princes who ruled the southern Welsh kingdom of Deheubarth from Dynevor Castle (alternative spelling Dynevwr or Dinefwr) had established trading links with the rulers of Wicklow and Wexford on the adjacent area of Ireland. The cattle have prominent mention in Welsh laws made by a series of rulers. Rhodri Fawr (Rhodri the Great), who built the castle as a defence against the Vikings made references to the white cattle in 856 AD. Hywel Dda wrote the Venedotian and Dimetian code of laws in the tenth century and decreed that "the Lord of Dynevwr (shall have) as many white cattle with red ears as shall extend in close succession from Argoel to the Palace of Dynevwr with a bull of the same colour with each score of them" for the infringement of his prerogative. Pembroke in western Wales remained a main centre of the breed until the nineteenth century and they were driven in large numbers to the pastures of the Severn and the neighbouring markets in England.
In 1225 the Charta Forestae created by Henry III removed many forest areas from the protection of the Forest Laws enacted by William the Conqueror and later kings. As a result several parks were enclosed and several herds, including those at Chartley and Chillingham in England and Cadzow in Scotland, date to the mid-13th century at a time when White Park cattle were "emparked", i.e., enclosed in hunting chases. There were more than a dozen white Park Cattle herds in Britain in the early 19th century, but most of these were exterminated by the turn of the next century.
The Park Cattle registration programme in Britain was started in 1918 but registrations lapsed during in 1946. By then, only the Dynevor, Woburn, Whipsnade, and Cadzow herds survived as domesticated herds; the ancient herds at Vaynol (Faenol) in Wales and the above-mentioned Chillingham herd having become semi-feral. In 1973 the Rare Breeds Survival Trust was formed in Britain, and the following year the registration programme was revived for the remaining British herds in the "White Park" herd book. Numbers have increased and now exceed 1,000 breeding cows in the UK.
White Park cattle have been exported to several countries. In 1921 animals were exported to Denmark, and from there to Latvia in 1935 and thence to Germany in 1972. Meanwhile they also were included in the experiment by Heck to breed-back to the aurochs. In 1986 Hans Jensen of Gislev re-established a herd of White Park cattle in Denmark, and sold some animals in 1991 to the Tierpark Warder in Germany, which also obtained White Park cattle used in Heck's aurochs reconstruction experiment. Further exports were made to Germany in 2008 and 2011. In 1987 cattle were exported to Australia. In 1940 one or two pairs of White Park cattle from the Cadzow herd were exported to Canada to preserve a British "national treasure" from the threat of Nazi invasion. They were kept at the Toronto Zoo. The Canadian-born offspring of those cattle were transferred to the Bronx Zoo but facilities there were inadequate for their long term housing and they were moved to the King Ranch in Texas where they remained for almost the next forty years before being purchased by Mr. & Mrs. John Moeckly of Polk City, Iowa. Correspondence authored by Captain Jean Delacour of the New York Zoological Society states on 10 Feb 1942 "- – they are neither wild nor vicious. In fact, they are just a breed of very old and primitive domestic cattle – - the probable ancestors of Shorthorns." Further, Robert Kleberg of the King Ranch tells us "- – We were also interested in these cattle because at one time we ran Shorthorns in very large wooded pastures – - there were many cases in which they reverted to red ears or black ears and we thought there must be some connection between the Shorthorn cattle and the Wild Park Cattle of England. In fact, I do believe this to be the case." A portion of that herd was sold to the Seed Savers Exchange in Decorah, Iowa, in 1988 and single heifer was sold to Joywind Farm in Ontario. This was followed by the sale of all but a few old cows and the White Park breed registry to the B Bar Ranch in Big Timber, Montana. The last few aged cows were sold to Mark Fields of Clark, Missouri. There were only five North American herds in 1995 and the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy regards the status of the breed in the USA as critical but the population has increased to several hundred animals. In USA the breed is known as Ancient White Park to avoid confusion with the hornless American White Park.
Most national populations of White Park cattle have been DNA tested to verify parentage, to confirm the provenance of products, and to enable assignment of applicant animals to breed and determine the optimum breeding programme to ensure their effective conservation survival. The breeding programme in the UK aims to increase the desirable characteristics of the breed while maintaining genetic diversity. Heterozygosity is low due to inbreeding through much of the twentieth century. Faygate Brace (born 1906) contributed circa 40% of the ancestry of the breed by the 1940s, and Whipsnade 281 (born 1956) repeated this pattern in the second half of the twentieth century. His grandson, Dynevor Torpedo is now the dominant influence in the breed. Two herds, Dynevor and Chartley/Woburn, have been the dominant influences throughout this time. The global population now is almost 2,000 purebred females, plus bulls and young stock. They are mostly found on farms producing speciality beef, but also on Rare Breed farms such as Wimpole Home Farm in Cambridgeshire, England, Appleton Farms in Massachusetts, or the previously-mentioned B Bar Ranch in Montana.
External links.
A new herd of White Park Cattle established on the Isle of Mann, November, 2013:
References.
Symbolism in Celtic Mythology. A paper for Religion 375 at the University of Michigan by Lars Noodén, 22 November 1992 http://www-personal.umich.edu/~lars/rel375.html

</doc>
<doc id="5908886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908886" title="Janus Pannonius">
Janus Pannonius

Janus Pannonius (, , ; 29 August 1434, Čazma – 27 March 1472, Medvedgrad castle, nearby Zagreb) was a Croat-Hungarian Latinist, poet, diplomat and Bishop of Pécs. He was the most significant poet of the Renaissance in the Kingdom of Hungary and one of the better-known figures of Humanist poetry in Europe.
Life.
He was born in a small village near the Drava river in a corner of Slavonia. Janus's nationality has been debated among Croatian and Hungarian scholars and both ethnicities have claimed him.
Janus’s father was a Croatian whose social status and relation to the nobility is unclear. Borbála came from a lower-ranked noble family on her mother's side (the Garázda family, originally Bosnian ancestry) and, on her father's side, she was originated from Pilis county (the "Vitéz" surname of her family is a latter name; they were originally called "Csévi"). The Garázda family was related to the Szilágyi and Hunyadi families. She was the sister of Archbishop Vitéz.
Pope Pius II wrote that Pannonius was of Slavonian origin ("de origine Slavonica"). His biographer and friend Vespasiano da Bisticci said that he was of Slavic nationality ("di nazione Schiavo"). According to Ronsano of Palermo, he was from Dalmatia ("di natione Dalmata"). M. Franičević, in citing Ronsano, notes that many Italians saw all “Croats” as Dalmatians. Ludovik Tuberon Crijević, writing of Pannonius, says that he was born a Slav ("genere itidem Sclavenum") in that part of interior Dalmatia that lies between the Sava and Drava rivers.
Pannonius was brought up by his mother; in 1447 his uncle sent him to Italy for a humanist schooling. He attended the School of Guarino da Verona at Ferrara, where the pupils were educated in Latin and Greek authors under the guidance of a noted teacher of the Italian Renaissance. The boy was considered the brightest pupil of his generation by both his teachers and fellow-students. He wrote poetry according to the rules of classical prosody; he was around thirteen when he wrote his first epigrams. His higher education was completed at the University of Padua in canon law. After making an educational tour of Rome, he returned to Hungary in 1458, the year of Matthias’s accession to the throne. 
For a time, he worked at the Royal Chancery, and soon was appointed as the Bishop of Pécs and later Vice-Chancellor of the country. Janus Pannonius was an influential intellectual in the kingdom; he kept his connections with some of the leading philosophers of his time. He also collected a significant library of humanist works (probably dispersed in 1526).

</doc>
<doc id="5908889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908889" title="David Geddes">
David Geddes

David Cole Idema (born July 1, 1950), best known by the stage name David Geddes, is a soft rock singer who had a U.S. Top 5 hit with "Run Joey Run" in 1975, which peaked at #4 in October 1975.
Early life.
Under his real name, Geddes was the drummer/vocalist for the cult band The Fredric (also known as Rock Garden) and released several records in the early 1970s. He previously attended the University of Michigan. Geddes got his stage name from a street in Ann Arbor.
Career.
According to Casey Kasem's "American Top 40", David had recorded several singles for major record labels, none of which became a hit. He decided to leave the music business and return to school. David was attending law school at Wayne State University in Detroit when he was called by producer Paul Vance to record a song that Vance had written. Vance remembered David's voice from his earlier records and thought he would be perfect for Vance's new song. David flew to New York City to record the vocals for the song, and then returned to Detroit to begin his third year of law school. Several months later, the song, "Run Joey Run", began to race up the Billboard Hot 100. David dropped out of law school with just one semester to go and re-entered the music business.
Geddes only had one other hit song make it into the Top 40: "The Last Game of the Season (Blind Man in the Bleachers)" entered the Top 40 one month after "Run Joey Run" fell off the charts; "The Last Game..." made it into the Top 20. Geddes also released a single under his real name which saw significant airplay: "House on Holly Road".
"Run Joey Run" was featured on the May 4, 2010 episode of "Glee".
Discography.
Albums.
"Run Joey Run" (1975)

</doc>
<doc id="5908911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908911" title="Sugar sculpture">
Sugar sculpture

Sugar sculpture is the art of producing artistic centerpieces entirely composed of sugar and sugar derivatives. There are many competitions that include sugar sculpture, and popular television networks, such as Food Network, televise many of these events.
Sugar showpieces can be composed of several different types of sugar elements. All begin with cooking sugar, and possibly an acidic agent and/or non-sucrose sugar product to avoid unwanted crystallization, to the hard crack stage, around .
When all components are completed, they are welded together using a gas torch. The sugar is melted, and then joined together.
Types of sugar sculpture.
Pulled sugar.
The sugar has been cooked, the now-liquid sugar is poured onto a silicone rubber mat (e.g., Silpat). Any coloring is now added. The sugar is then folded repeatedly into itself, until the sugar is, while still flexible, cool enough to handle. The sugar is then stretched out and then folded on itself repeatedly. This process incorporates air into the sugar, and gives it a bright lustery sheen. The sugar can then be sculpted by hand into various shapes, made into ribbons, or blown.
Blown sugar.
In blown sugar, a portion of pulled sugar is placed on a rubber pump which is tipped with either wood or metal. Pumps are most commonly hand pumps. While being blown, the sugar can be shaped, often into animals or flowers. Blown sugar cannot be quickly cooled by dipping it in water, so chefs must use fans to cool the sugar, all the while rotating it, so that it does not come out of shape. This technique is very useful in making balloons for wedding cakes.
Cast sugar.
In this technique, sugar is poured into molds. This technique produces more sturdy pieces than pulled and blown sugar, and is almost always used for the base and structural elements of showpieces. Cast sugar can also be used in many recipes such as a simplicity called cake.
Pastillage.
A thick sugar paste, similar to gum paste, is molded into shapes. When dried, it is hard and brittle. Made with gelatin, water and confectioner's sugar, it hardens quickly and can be shaped for a short while by hand, and after hardening, with electric grinders, cutters, sandpaper and assorted files.
Pressed sugar.
Granulated sugar is mixed with a minimal amount of water, and is put under pressure. It hardens into a solid piece. Though this is used for showpiece bases, it is less often used because of the time required to produce it, and its lesser aesthetic value.
Rock sugar.
The liquid sugar is blended with a small amount of royal icing. The heat from the sugar causes the air incorporated in the icing to rapidly expand, causing the mixture to grow to several times its original volume. The mixture is quickly poured into a lined dish, and placed into a blast chiller to set. This process produces a sugar mass with the texture of volcanic pumice, the color of which is determined by the color of the sugar syrup.
Spun sugar.
Sugar syrup is made into long extremely thin strands which can be shaped to make things like birds nests. The sugar is gathered on a fork or a special tool designed for spinning sugar and is flicked in long strokes over succeeding pipes.
Sugar people.
This traditional Chinese art form uses heated, liquid sugar to create three dimensional, often blown figures.
Sugar sculpture examples.
Sugar sculptures are becoming more popular as alternatives to a wedding cake. However they are often much more expensive, as they are made-to-order and very time consuming to create.

</doc>
<doc id="5908912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908912" title="Brian Lohan">
Brian Lohan

Brian Lohan (born November 1971) is an Irish former hurler who played as a full-back for the Clare senior hurling team. 
Lohan made his first appearance for the team during the 1992–93 National League and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 2006 championship. During that time he won two All-Ireland medals and three Munster medals. He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Lohan is a Munster medalist with Wolfe Tones na Sionna. In addition to this he has also won two county club championship medals.
Lohan also has a number of personal achievements. Regarded as one of the greatest full-backs of all-time, he was included in that position on the Munster Hurling Team of the Millennium in 2000. Almost a decade later in 2009 he was included at full-back on the Munster hurling team of the last twenty-five years. Lohan has also won four All-Star awards, a record for a Clare hurler, while he was also named All-Star Hurler of the Year in 1995.
His father, Gus Lohan and his brother Frank Lohan, also enjoyed successful hurling careers with Clare.
Playing career.
Club.
Lohan played his club hurling and Gaelic football with Wolfe Tones and enjoyed much success in a lengthy career.
In 1996 Wolfe Tones qualified for their very first championship decider. Clarecastle provided the opposition on that occasion, however, a 1–11 to 1–8 victory gave Lohan his first championship medal. Wolfe Tones later qualified for a provincial decider against Ballygunner. In one of the greatest club finals ever, Wolfe Tones triumphed by 4–9 to 4–8. It was Lohan's first Munster medal. Wolfe Tones later reached the All-Ireland decider with Athenry providing the opposition. A 0–14 to 1–8 defeat was Lohan's lot on that occasion.
It took Wolfe Tones a decade to reach the summit of club hurling in Clare. A 2–11 to 0–13 defeat of Newmarket-on-Fergus gave Lohan his second championship medal.
University.
During his studies at the University of Limerick (UL), Lohan lined out with the senior hurling team. In 1994 he captained the UL team to the Fitzgibbon Cup as UL defeated Waterford Regional Technical College by 2–12 to 1–11 in the final. In doing so he was also named player of the tournament. In 2012 Lohan was shortlisted for the Fitzgibbon Cup Team of the Century.
Inter-county.
Lohan first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Clare minor and under-21 hurling teams, however, he enjoyed little success in these grades.
He made his senior debut in 1993 in a National Hurling League game against Galway. Later that year he made his championship debut.
In 1995 Ger Loughnane took over as manager of the Clare senior hurling team and made sweeping changes. New fitness regimes and new personalised diets and, above all, a new psychological approach, resulted in the fittest and most prepared Clare team ever taking to the field for a third consecutive Munster final in 1995. Limerick were the opponents for a second consecutive year and took an early lead. Clare never surrendered and, thanks to an inspirational penalty by goalkeeper Davy FitzGerald, fought back to win by 1–17 to 0–11. It was Lohan's first Munster medal and Clare's first provincial title since 1932. Lohan's side later qualified for the All-Ireland final and were the underdogs against reigning champions Offaly. Although trailing at half-time, substitute Éamonn Taaffe scored a crucial goal to propel Clare to a 1–13 to 2–8 victory. It was their first championship title in eighty-one years. As well as collecting a coveted All-Ireland medal, Lohan was later honoured with his first All-Star award. He was also named Powerscreen Hurler of the Year.
After surrendering their provincial and All-Ireland crowns in 1996, Clare bounced back the following year. A 1–18 to 0–18 defeat of Tipperary gave Baker a second Munster medal in three years. Clare subsequently qualified for the All-Ireland decider. Due to the introduction of the "back-door" system Tipperary provided the opposition in the first all-Munster All-Ireland final. The game itself was one of the best of the decade. Clare were well on top for much of the game, however, Liam Cahill and Eugene O'Neill scored twice for Tipp in the last ten minutes. John Leahy missed a goal chance in the last minute while another Tipp point was controversially ruled wide. At the full-time whistle Clare won by a single point – 0–20 to 2–13. It was a second All-Ireland medal for Lohan. He later collected a third consecutive All-Star award.
Lohan won his third and final Munster medal in 1998 following a tense draw and a replay with Waterford. The game was not without incident as Lohan was sent off in that game and earned a one-month suspension.
A defeat by Cork in the Munster decider in 1999 brought an end to the golden age of Clare hurling.
After a number of disappointing championship seasons, Clare surprised the hurling world by qualifying for the All-Ireland final again in 2002. Lohan's side put up a good fight against Kilkenny, however, a combined tally of 2–13 for both Henry Shefflin and D. J. Carey gave 'the Cats' a seven-point victory. In spite of this defeat Lohan later won a record fourth All-Star award.
Lohan continued to line out with Clare for the next few seasons but called time on his inter-county career following the team's exit from the 2006 championship.
Inter-provincial.
Lohan also lined out with Munster in the inter-provincial series of games and enjoyed much success.
After being an unused substitute in Munster's successful 1995 campaign, Lohan made it on to the starting fifteen in 1996. A 2–20 to 0–10 trouncing of Leinster gave him his first Railway Cup medal on the field of play.
Munster made it three-in-a-row in 1997, with Lohan winning a second Railway Cup medal following another defeat of Leinster.
After leaving the team foe two seasons, Lohan returned to the fill-back position in 2000. A narrow 3–15 to 2–15 defeat of Leinster gave him his third Railway Cup medal.
Managerial career.
In retirement from playing Lohan has become involved in team management and coaching. After working with various juvenile teams in his own Wolfe Tones club, he joined Gary Kirby's Patrickswell management team in 2010. Just over a year later he took over as manager of the club's senior team.
In 2012 Lohan took charge of the University of Limerick hurling team for the Fitzgibbon Cup competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5908916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908916" title="Oboe Concerto (Vaughan Williams)">
Oboe Concerto (Vaughan Williams)

Ralph Vaughan Williams wrote his Concerto in A minor for Oboe and Strings for soloist Léon Goossens in 1944. This pastoral piece is divided into three movements:
The concerto was intended to premiere at a Proms concert, but due to the threat of V1 rocket raids on London the piece was first played in Liverpool instead.

</doc>
<doc id="5908920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908920" title="Gnoien">
Gnoien

Gnoien is a small town in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 40 km southeast of Rostock.

</doc>
<doc id="5908923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908923" title="Soave">
Soave

Soave is a small "comune" of the Veneto region in the Province of Verona, Italy with a population of roughly 6,800 people.
Geography.
Soave is located approximately east of Verona and is reachable by use of the A4 motorway exit Soave-San Bonifacio.
History.
Soave was a Roman center on the via Postumia that connected Aquileia to Genoa. There are different names about the origin of current name: according to one theory, it could derive from the Suebi (sometimes called "Soavi" in medieval Italian).
The castle was cited for the first time in occasion of the Magyar invasions (934). In the 13th century it was a possession of the Counts Bonifacio, which installed a capitano here. The walls still visible today, were built in 1379 by Cansignorio of the Scaliger family. Their rule was followed by those of the Visconti from Milan and the Carraresi from Padua; the latter lost Soave in 1405 to the Republic of Venice. In 1439 Visconti troops under Niccolò Piccinino captured it back, but Venice regained it soon. During the War of the League of Cambrai (1508), the city was fired and 366 Soavesi killed, but again in 1515 it was reacquired by Venice, which later sold the castle to the Gritti noble family.
In 1797-1805 the city was under French rule. In 1809 there were small fights between French and Austrian troops in the vicinity. Later Soave was included in the kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia, and in 1866 became part of Italy.
Main sights.
Castle.
The Castle of Soave is a typical medieval military edifice, commanding the neighbourhood of the city from the Tenda Hill. It comprises a "mastio" (donjon) and three lines of walls forming three courts of different size. The outer line, with a gate and a draw bridge, is the most recent, built by the Venetians in the 15th century. It houses the remains of a small church from the 10th century. 
The second and larger court, the first of the original castle, is called "della Madonna" for a fresco portraying St. Mary (1321). Another fresco is visible after the door leading to the inner court, and portrays a Scaliger soldier. The "mastio" is the most impressive feature of the castle. Bones found within have showed it was used also as prison and place of tortures. The House called "del Capitano" (the Scaliger commander) houses Roman coins, weapons parts, medals and other ancient remains found during the most recent restoration. Adiacent is a bedroom with a 13th-century fresco with St. Mary and Madeleine and a dining room with medieval kitchenware. Another room houses the portraits of the most famous Scaliger figures: Mastino I, Cangrande, Cansignorio and Taddea da Carrara, wife of Mastino II; the portrait of Dante Alighieri testify an alleged sojourn of the poet in the castle.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5908934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908934" title="Bonanza High School">
Bonanza High School

Bonanza High School is a high school in the Las Vegas Valley. It was built in the 1970s and was the ninth high school to open in the area.
History.
Bonanza opened in 1976, and is built in the same configuration as Eldorado High School, Basic High School and Vo-Tech high schools. Since it opened its doors in 1976 Bonanza has always been a large school with anywhere from 2000-3000+ students. However with the city of Las Vegas growing faster than before, bigger high schools were constructed to help resolve the over-crowding of schools. In the 2004–2005 school year, many former Bonanza students were zoned to attend the newly opened Spring Valley High School.
Athletics.
The Bonanza Bengals compete in Sunset 4A Region of the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association (NIAA).
Fall Sports
Winter Sports
Spring Sports
Bonanza's mascot is the Bengal. When the school first opened in the 1970s it won many state championships in basketball, wrestling, volleyball, tennis, and golf. Today Bonanza Athletics are best known for its Tennis and Lacrosse programs, with the varsity Tennis team winning the 4A Nevada State Championship in 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2008, the Men's Lacrosse team winning state 3 consecutive times in 2007, 2008, and the Women's Lacrosse team 4 consecutive times in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5908941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908941" title="Lunar orbit">
Lunar orbit

In astronomy, lunar orbit (also known as a Selenocentric orbit) refers to the orbit of an object around the Moon.
As used in the space program, this refers not to the orbit of the Moon about the Earth, but to orbits by various manned or unmanned spacecraft around the Moon. The altitude at apoapsis (point farthest from the surface) for a lunar orbit is known as apolune, apocynthion or aposelene, while the periapsis (point closest to the surface) is known as perilune, pericynthion or periselene.
Low Lunar orbit (LLO)—orbits below altitude—are of particular interest in exploration of the moon, but suffer from gravitational perturbation effects that make most unstable, and leave only a few orbital inclinations possible for indefinite "frozen orbits", useful for long-term stays in LLO.
Robotic spacecraft.
The Soviet Union sent the first spacecraft to the vicinity of the Moon, the robotic vehicle Luna 1, on January 4, 1959. It passed within of the Moon's surface, but did not achieve lunar orbit. Luna 3, launched on October 4, 1959, was the first robotic spacecraft to complete a circumlunar free return trajectory, still not a lunar orbit, but a figure-8 trajectory which swung around the far side of the Moon and returned to the Earth. This craft provided the first pictures of the far side of the Lunar surface. 
The Soviet Luna 10 became the first spacecraft to actually orbit the Moon in April 1966. It studied micrometeoroid flux, and lunar environment until May 30, 1966.
The first United States spacecraft to orbit the Moon was Lunar Orbiter 1 on August 14, 1966. The first orbit was an elliptical orbit, with an apolune of and a perilune of . Then the orbit was circularized at around to obtain suitable imagery. Five such spacecraft were launched over a period of thirteen months, all of which successfully mapped the Moon, primarily for the purpose of finding suitable Apollo program landing sites.
The latest addition is the Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer (LADEE) since 2013.
Human crewed spacecraft.
The Apollo program's Command/Service Module (CSM) remained in a lunar parking orbit while the Lunar Module (LM) landed. 
The combined CSM/LM would first enter an elliptical orbit, nominally by , which was then changed to a circular parking orbit of about . Orbital periods vary according to the sum of apoapsis and periapsis, and for the CSM were about two hours. The LM began its landing sequence with a descent orbit with a periapsis of about , chosen to avoid hitting lunar mountains reaching heights of . After the second landing mission, the procedure was changed on Apollo 14 to save more of the LM fuel for its powered descent, by using the CSM's fuel to lower the combined spacecraft's periapsis to 50,000 feet, and later raising its periapsis back to a circular orbit after the LM had made its landing.
Perturbation effects.
Gravitational anomalies slightly distorting the orbits of some Lunar Orbiters led to the discovery of mass concentrations (dubbed mascons), beneath the lunar surface caused by large impacting bodies at some remote time in the past. 
These anomalies are significant enough to cause a lunar orbit to change significantly over the course of several days.
The Apollo 11 first manned landing mission employed the first attempt to correct for the perturbation effect (the frozen orbits were not known at that time). The parking orbit was "circularized" at by , which was expected to become the nominal circular when the LM made its return rendezvous with the CSM. But the effect was overestimated by a factor of two; at rendezvous the orbit was calculated to be by .
Study of the mascons' effect on lunar spacecraft led to the discovery in 2001 of four "frozen orbits" occurring at four orbital inclinations: 27º, 50º, 76º, and 86º, in which a spacecraft can stay in a low orbit indefinitely. The Apollo 15 subsatellite PFS-1 and the Apollo 16 subsatellite PFS-2, both small satellites released from the Apollo Service Module, contributed to this discovery. PFS-1 ended up in a long-lasting orbit, at 28 degrees inclination, and successfully completed its mission after one and a half years. PFS-2 was placed in a particularly unstable orbital inclination of 11 degrees, and lasted only 35 days in orbit before crashing into the Lunar surface.

</doc>
<doc id="5908948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908948" title="Hindu School, Kolkata">
Hindu School, Kolkata

Hindu School is a school in Kolkata (Calcutta), India. It is located on College Street, in the vicinity of Hare School, College Square, Presidency College and the University of Calcutta.
Hindu College, the school's predecessor, was established in 1817 by Raja Rammohan Roy, David Hare, Radhakanta Deb and other educationists. In 1855, the pathsala part of Hindu College became Hindu School and the other part (mahapathshala) became Presidency College. The date of establishment of the Hindu College, 1817, is considered the establishment date of both Hindu school and Presidency College. The school is one of the oldest existing schools in Calcutta and India. 
The school has grades 1 to 12 and the language of instruction is Bengali. Students appear for 10+(Madhyamik) examination under West Bengal Board of Secondary Education and 12+(Higher Secondary Examination) examination under West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education. Grade 11 and 12 have three streams- science, arts and commerce. It is a boys-only school with a strength of 1100 students.
Overview.
Prior to the advent of the British in India, the primary schools of Bengal taught very little beyond Bangla, simple Arithmetic and Sanskrit. The tols (local small schools run by individuals) gave lessons in advanced Sanskrit, grammar and literature, theology, logic and metaphysics. This was not enough to satisfy the aspiration of Indians like Raja Rammohun Roy, who felt that the process would only 'load the minds of youths with grammatical niceties and metaphysical distinctions' without having any practical use. The necessity of learning English was also keenly felt by people who had to carry on a constant interaction with the British businessmen. A few schools were set up with the purpose of providing rudimentary education in the English language to native Indians. Hindu School was one of them.
History.
Dewan Baidya Nath Mukherjee was deputed to collect the subscriptions for the new school. Sir Edward Hyde East, Chief Justice of the Calcutta Supreme Court was invited to chair the committee and Joseph Baretto became the Treasurer. The principal donors being the Maharajah of Burdwan (Tejchand Bahadur) and Gopee Mohun Thakur, each contributing Rupees 10,000.
On the opening day there were 20 pupils on the rolls but within the next three months the number swelled to 69. At a later date the pathshala was separated as Hindu School.

</doc>
<doc id="5908954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908954" title="Spiral Architect (disambiguation)">
Spiral Architect (disambiguation)

Spiral Architect may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5908956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908956" title="Erlendur Haraldsson">
Erlendur Haraldsson

Erlendur Haraldsson is a professor emeritus of psychology on the faculty of social science at the University of Iceland. He has published in various psychology and psychiatry journals. In addition, he has published parapsychology books and authored a number of papers for parapsychology journals.
Education.
Erlendur studied philosophy at the universities of Iceland, Edinburgh and Freiburg from 1954 to 1958 and supported himself as a writer and journalist from 1959 to 1963. He studied psychology at Freiburg and at the University of Munich, where he obtained the Dipl. Psych. in 1969. He was a research fellow at the Institute of Parapsychology in Durham, N. C. 1969–70 and did an internship in clinical psychology at the Department of Psychiatry, University of Virginia in Charlottesville, 1970–71. He received his Ph.D. in psychology from the University of Freiburg under parapsychologist Hans Bender in 1972.
Teaching and research career.
Erlendur worked as a research associate at the American Society for Psychical Research from 1972 to 1974. In 1973 he became a faculty member at the University of Iceland, where he advanced to Professor of Psychology in 1989. He retired from teaching in 1999. He has conducted surveys of religious and folk beliefs; for example in a survey of randomly selected Icelanders conducted in 1974–75 and published in 1977 and 1978, he established that an unusually high proportion believe in the paranormal, in particular in supernatural figures such as huldufólk and draugar, research built on in the 2000s by Terry Gunnell; in a 1978 survey he examined the prevalence of belief in Iceland in precognitive dreams; and in a study published in 1985 he found proportionally more reports of encounters with dead people from Iceland than any other European country. He has also contributed to the cross-cultural standardization of psychological testing instruments.
In addition, in 1982–83 he worked with Ian Stevenson at the University of Virginia on reincarnation research, and in the early mid-seventies with Karlis Osis on deathbed phenomena in the USA and India. He spent a year with J. B. Rhine in Durham, North Carolina. He has coauthored studies of the personality, abilities and psychological characteristics of children who claim memories of a previous life in Sri Lanka, comparing them with paired children who did not claim such memories. Erlendur's book "Miracles Are My Visiting Cards" (1988), also published as "Modern Miracles" (1997) and republished in 2013 as "Modern Miracles: The Story of Sathya Sai Baba: A Modern Day Prophet", studied the alleged paranormal powers of Sathya Sai Baba. 
Erlendur received the Outstanding Career Award from the Parapsychological Association and the Myers Memorial Award from the Society for Psychical Research. His 2005 book "Látnir í heimi lifenda" (English translation "The Departed Among the Living", 2012) describes surveys and follow-up investigations he conducted into alleged apparitions and related phenomena in Iceland.
Reception.
In 1971, Erlendur co-authored with Karlis Osis the book "At the Hour of Death", describing research into deathbed visions in the United States and India that they interpreted as more consistent with the hypothesis of a transition experience than with the "extinction hypothesis". Their data collection methods drew criticism from the scientific community. According to Terence Hines:
Osis and Haraldsson’s (1977) study was based on replies received from ten thousand questionnaires sent to doctors and nurses in the United States and India. Only 6.4 percent were returned. Since it was the doctors and nurses who were giving the reports, not the patients who had, presumably, actually had the experience, the reports were secondhand. This means they had passed through two highly fallible and constructive human memory systems (the doctor’s or nurse’s and the actual patient’s) before reaching Osis and Haraldsson.
Paul Kurtz also criticized the study, saying all of the data was second-hand and influenced by cultural expectations.
In the late 1980s the philosopher of religion David C. Lane wrote that Erlendur's book "Modern Miracles" "approaches the alleged miracles of Sai Baba with a critical, but open outlook" and recommended it as "the most balanced book ever written" on the subject. Sathya Sai Baba refused to submit to testing in a controlled environment, so Erlendur instead interviewed witnesses. Nevertheless he debunked some of his alleged miracles, such as the resurrection of Walter Cowan. 
However, the Indian skeptic Basava Premanand criticized it as a collection of anecdotes rather than an objective scientific report, and the humanist Babu Gogineni found it credulous, saying Erlendur was "more predisposed to believe than to investigate", concluding: "The only lesson one can learn from Erlendur Haraldsson is how not to study the paranormal events."
Retirement.
Since his retirement, Erlendur has continued to conduct research and publish articles. In 2007 he brought about the establishment of an endowment at the University of Iceland to support research "into paranormal phenomena and alleged psychic experiences in the spirit of the research conducted during his career". In 2012 with Hafliði Helgason, he published a memoir, "Á vit hins ókunna", in which he discusses the results of his interviews with children who believe they recall past lives. He is a frequent speaker at professional meetings, such as the convention of the American Psychological Association in Orlando, Florida, in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5908961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908961" title="1956 Tour de France">
1956 Tour de France

The 1956 Tour de France was the 43rd Tour de France, taking place from July 5 to 28, 1956. It consisted of 22 stages over 4498 km, ridden at an average speed of 36.268 km/h.
There was no previous Tour winner competing for the 1956 Tour, which had only previously happened in 1903 and 1927. An unknown rider from a regional team, Roger Walkowiak on the Northeast-Center French team, ended up winning the Tour. Many Tour fans dismissed the win as being lucky or unworthy at the time, which Walkowiak took hard; this made him not often speak of his win.
The Tour was ridden at the fastest average speed so far, over 36 km/h. Walkowiak became only the second rider, after Firmin Lambot in the 1922 Tour de France, to win without taking a single stage, and is the only Tour de France winner to date who never won a stage in any year.
Changes from the 1955 Tour de France.
In the previous years, a flat tyre had to be repaired, but from 1956 on, it was allowed to change wheels.
Participants.
As was the custom since the 1930 Tour de France, the 1956 Tour de France was contested by national and regional teams. Seven national teams were sent, with 10 cyclists each from France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and Luxembourg/Mixed (the latter a combined team of seven Luxembourgian cyclists added with one Portuguese, on British and one Italian cyclist). France additionally sent five regional teams from 10 cyclists each, divided into Center-North East France, South East France, West France, Ile de France and South West France. In total, 120 cyclists started the race.
The winner of the three previous editions, Louison Bobet, was absent because he had surgery. Because there were less climbs and no mountain top finishes, cycling experts expected this edition to be too easy. No other former Tour de France winner started the race. This was the third time in history that the race started without former winners, after the initial 1903 Tour de France and the 1927 Tour de France.
Because Bobet was not there, the race was open, and there were many riders thought able to win the Tour. The most favourite of these was probably Charly Gaul, who had won the 1956 Giro d'Italia, although he was in a weak team, and would also be aiming for the mountains classification.
Race details.
The first stage was won by André Darrigade, one of the best sprinters of that time. In the third stage, a small group escaped and finished with a margin of fifteen minutes; Gilbert Desmet became the new leader.
The time trial of stage four was won by Gaul. In the second part of the fourth stage, Roger Hassenforder escaped, and a took a group with him, including Darrigade. Desmet was not in that group, and lost more than 15 minutes, which made Darrigade leader again.
In the seventh stage, the peloton broke in two, and a large group of 31 cyclists finished more than 18 minutes ahead. This group included Roger Walkowiak, who had also been in the escaped group in the fourth stage, and became the new leader. Walkowiak's team manager, Sauveur Ducazeaux, advised Walkowiak that it would be too tough to try to remain the leader for the rest of the race, and suggested that Walkowiak lose the first place, and aim to regain it later in the race.
In the tenth stage, Walkowiak lost time, and Gerrit Voorting who had also been part of the large breakaway group in stage seven, became the new leader. Voorting lost the lead in the next stage to Darrigade, who himself lost the lead to Jan Adriaensens in the twelfth stage.
In the fifteenth stage, the entire Belgian team was weak. Most Tour followers thought it was due to a doping practice that went wrong, but officially it was attributed to food poisoning. Adriaensens lost more than nine minutes, which made Wout Wagtmans the new leader.
During the seventeenth stage, there was yet another escape, which included leader Wagtmans and Walkowiak, in fifth position in the general classification. The riders in second, third and fourth place were not in the escape, so Walkowiak moved up to the second place, more than four minutes behind Wagtmans.
The eighteenth stage was the last chance for the climbing specialists to win back time, and so Gaul, Bahamontes and Ockers were aiming to win back time. Gaul escaped, and won the stage alone, with Ockers in second place. During the last climb, Bahamontes dismounted and threw his bike down the ravine, wanting to stop the race. The Spanish team was able to retrieve the bike, and convince Bahamontes to continue. Bahamontes finished the race in the group behind Ockers. The surprise of the day was that Walkowiak had been able to remain with Bahamontes, whereas Wagtmans (normally a decent climber) lost eight minutes more. Walkowiak took the first place in the general classification, with a margin of almost 4 minutes to Gilbert Bauvin.
In the time trial of stage 20, Bauvin performed very well, finishing in fifth place. Walkowiak ended in 24th place, but this was enough to keep a 1'25" lead.
In the 21st stage, Roger Hassenforder won his fourth stage of this Tour, after a solitary breakaway of 187 km.
Stages.
The 1956 Tour de France started on 5 July, and had two rest days, in Bordeaux and Aix-les-Provence.
Results.
General classification.
The time that each cyclist required to finish each stage was recorded, and these times were added together for the general classification. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey. Of the 120 cyclists that started the 1956 Tour de France, 88 finished the race.
Points classification.
The points classification in 1956 was calculated in the same way as since the introduction in 1953, following the calculation method from the Tours de France from 1905 to 1912. Points were given according to the ranking of the stage: the winner received one points, the next cyclist two points, and so on. These points were added, and the cyclist with the least points was the leader of the points classification. In 1956, this was won by Stan Ockers with 280 points. Over 22 stages (including one split stage), this meant that his average stage finish was approximately place 13.
Mountains classification.
Points for the mountains classification were earned by reaching the mountain tops first. The system was almost the same as in 1955: there were three types of mountain tops: the hardest ones, in category 1, gave 10 points to the first cyclist, the easier ones, in category 2, gave 6 points to the first cyclist, and the easiest ones, in category 3, gave 3 points. Charly Gaul won this classification.
Team classification.
The team classification was calculated as the sum of the daily team classifications, and the daily team classification was calculated by adding the times in the stage result of the best three cyclists per team. It was won by the Belgian team, with a large margin over the Italian team.
Every team finished with at least three cyclists, so all teams were included in the team classification.
Combativity classification.
After each stage, a jury voted for the most combative cyclist of that stage. Those votes were added in the combativity classification. André Darrigade won this classification.
Other classifications.
After every stage, the jury also gave a prize to the cyclist with the most bad luck. The award for most bad luck during the entire Tour de France went to Fernand Picot.
Aftermath.
The cycling fans had not been happy to see unknown Walkowiak win the race, and he was not cheered for when the race finished in the Parc des Princes. Walkowiak was considered an unworthy winner, and never again was able to repeat such a win. His name entered the French language in the phrase "á la Walko", which means "won by an undeserving or unknown rider".
The press gave many reasons for Walkowiak's victory: the French national team had had internal problems, Gaul and Bahamontes had been occupied with the mountains classification and Ockers with the team classification.
Not all considered him onworthy; Five-time Tour winner Bernard Hinault praised his win saying: "There are people who say that Walkowiak should not have won the Tour. They should have been on that Tour! He took the jersey, he lost it and he regained it. He was not a thief. The Tour is not a gift".
Walkowiak was unhappy about how the people reacted to his Tour win, and for many years did not want to discuss it.
The French team manager Marcel Bidot later criticized Darrigade for not helping Bauvin in the last stages; he thought that with the help of Darrigade, Bauvin might have been able to win back the 85 seconds on Walkowiak and win the race.

</doc>
<doc id="5908969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908969" title="Goldberg, Germany">
Goldberg, Germany

Goldberg is a town in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 24 km northeast of Parchim, and 46 km east of Schwerin.

</doc>
<doc id="5908975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908975" title="Old Voss Line">
Old Voss Line

The Old Voss Line () is a heritage railway between Garnes and Midttun near Bergen, Norway. Originally constructed as a narrow gauge line, it formed part of the Bergen to Voss railway opened in 1883. Following the decision to complete the railway to Oslo in standard gauge, the line was upgraded in 1904. Electrified in 1954, it continued to serve as part of the Bergen to Oslo main line until the 7.5-km Ulriken Tunnel, which opened in 1964, resulted in the closure of the line.
Today, the museum railway is operated by the Norwegian Railway Association ("Norsk Jernbaneklubb") and runs on Sundays between June and September over a distance of 18 km between Garnes and Midttun, taking just under one hour. The Midttun terminus is located near Nesttun, and there are further intermediate stops at Arna, Espeland and Haukeland. The service operates with a type 18 steam locomotive, no. 255, built in 1913, decommissioned in 1969 and restored by volunteers between 1981 and 1993. It pulls a series of teak carriages built between 1921 and 1938. The locomotive is stored at the restored Garnes station that features a museum, engine shed, yard and turntable.

</doc>
<doc id="5908978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908978" title="Leslie Brent">
Leslie Brent

Leslie Baruch Brent (born 5 July 1925), born Lothar Baruch, in Köslin, Germany (now Koszalin, Poland), to German-Jewish parents, is a British immunologist and zoologist.
He has been Professor Emeritus, University of London, since 1990. An immunologist, he is the co-discoverer with Peter Medawar and Rupert Billingham of acquired immunological tolerance. They injected cells from donor mice into fetal mice, and later neonatal mice, which would as adults receive donor skin grafts without rejection.
To avoid persecution in the largely non-Jewish Köslin, his family placed him in the Jewish Orphanage Berlin-Pankow in Berlin in 1936. In 1938, at age 13, to escape the rising anti-Semitism of the Sturmabteilung (Storm Troopers) and teachers, Brent was sent to England on the first of the Kindertransports and became a pupil at Anna Essinger's Bunce Court School. His parents and older sister stayed behind in Germany. Because his status as a German national would have made him liable to execution in the event of capture, he was advised to change his name. After the war, he found out that his parents were sent to Riga, Latvia and executed. There are three stolpersteine for his parents and sister in Berlin. After the war, he became a British citizen and enrolled at University of Birmingham.
As a secular Jew who escaped the Holocaust, Brent opposes the use of excessive force in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. (http://www.dradio.de/dkultur/sendungen/zeitreisen/1600473/)
"Education:" Bunce Court School, Kent; Birmingham Central Technical College; University of Birmingham (President, Guild of Undergraduates, 1950–51); University College London (Ph.D).

</doc>
<doc id="5908984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908984" title="Eh?">
Eh?

Eh? is a play by Henry Livings.
Production history.
The play premiered Off-Broadway at the Circle in the Square Downtown on Bleecker Street on October 16, 1966. The production was directed by Alan Arkin, using the pseudonym "Roger Short". Arkin had stepped in as director about two weeks before it opened, and after two directors had quit. He used a pseudonym because he was under contract to begin direction of "Hail, Scrawdyke!" only a week later. 
"Eh?" starred Dustin Hoffman as Valentine Brose, Alexandra Berlin as Betty Dorrick, Dana Elcar as Price, Carl Gabler as Aly, Joseph Maher as Reverend Mort, and Elizabeth Wilson as Mrs. Murray. The play was the first major critical success in Hoffman's career, garnering him a Theatre World Award and Drama Desk Award for his performance. Livings won an Obie Award for Best Play. This production was well received by audiences, closing on May 24, 1967, after 233 performances.
Film adaptation.
It was adapted for the 1967 film "Work Is a Four-Letter Word" by Jeremy Brooks, starring David Warner and Cilla Black.

</doc>
<doc id="5908985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908985" title="José Mariano Michelena">
José Mariano Michelena

José Mariano Michelena (sometimes "José Mariano de Michelena") (July 14, 1772, Valladolid (Morelia, Michoacán) – May 10, 1852, Valladolid) was a Spanish military officer in New Spain and Spain, a precursor of Mexican independence, and a politician in independent Mexico. He introduced coffee to Mexico.
Early career.
From a comfortable and distinguished family, José Mariano Michelena attended the University of Mexico, graduating as a lawyer. In 1806 he enlisted in the infantry regiment La Corona, with the rank of lieutenant. In the encampment at Jalapa (Veracruz), he became friends with Ignacio Allende, Juan Aldama and other New Spanish military officers who later joined the insurgency against Spain. After Jalapa he was in Mexico City, and on October 15, 1808 he was sent to Valladolid to recruit men for the regiment.
Conspiracy of Valladolid.
In Valladolid he joined a group of independence conspirators, including his brother Nicolás, Captains Manuel García Obeso and Manuel Muñiz, Ruperto Mier, Lieutenant Mariano Quevedo, Licientiates Soto Saldaña and Manuel Ruiz de Chávez, Father Vicente de Santa María, and Father Huango. Impelled by the news of the French occupation of Spain, the conspirators intended an armed revolution in Celaya, San Miguel el Grande, and Zamora. Michelana was sent to Guanajuato to recruit rebels there.
This conspiracy was uncovered by the Spanish authorities on December 21, 1809. The conspirators were arrested and confined in the convent of El Carmen. Archbishop Francisco Javier de Lizana y Beaumont, who was viceroy of New Spain at the time, ordered them brought to Mexico City so that he could speak to them. Their defense was that they were faithful patriots whose only intention was to preserve the country for King Ferdinand VII, who had been forced to abdicate by Napoleon. They proposed to the viceroy (as related by Michelena) to form a junta to govern New Spain in the name of Ferdinand and to take all possible measures to extend the reign of this "august" sovereign. Lizana found no criminal offense in the conspirators, and ordered them set free, to the great disgust of the pro-Spanish party. Michelena returned to duty in Jalapa.
War in Spain.
With the later outbreak of the insurrection under Father Miguel Hidalgo in September 1810, Michelena was again arrested. He was held a prisoner in San Juan de Ulúa (Veracruz) until 1813, after which he was sent to Spain. He contracted a severe case of rheumatism in the prison. In Spain he joined a military unit fighting the French. He was involved in numerous actions, including the capture of Bayonne in February 1814.
He continued serving in the army, and in 1820 he was named deputy to the Cortes (parliament) for Michoacán.
Return to Mexico.
On learning of the successful conclusion of Mexico's war of independence, he returned to that country in 1822. He entered the Mexican army with the rank of brigadier general, and was a deputy to the constitutional congress.
He fought against Emperor Agustín de Iturbide as an adherent of the Plan de Casa Mata (December 2, 1822). The effect of the Plan de Casa Mata was the abdication of Iturbide on March 19, 1823.
As "president" of Mexico.
After Iturbide's abdication, the Congress chose a triumvirate consisting of Generals Pedro Celestino Negrete, Nicolás Bravo and Guadalupe Victoria to exercise executive power until presidential elections could be held. However, Bravo and Victoria were absent, and Michelena and Licenciado Miguel Domínguez were chosen as temporary substitutes. Michelena was the leader of the triumvirate while he held the position (1822–24). He was in effect acting president of Mexico.
He voided the Treaty of Córdoba and the Plan de Iguala. With the return of Bravo, Michelena turned over the office to him, on January 31, 1824. He was subsequently nominated as minister plenipotentiary to Great Britain.
Later career and death.
He traveled to Rome, Greece, Palestine and Arabia. From Arabia he brought coffee plants, which he grew in his hacienda near Uruapan. This was the first successful coffee cultivation in Mexico. Later he was a delegate to the Congress of America in Panama, called by Simón Bolívar.
Still later he was minister of war in the national cabinet (April 24, 1837 to October 19, 1837) and governor of Michoacán. He was of the federalist party, opposed to one unitary national government. He was a Mason, helping to establish the York Rite in Mexico. He was one of the few "precursors of Independence" in Mexico who lived to see it achieved. He died in 1852 in his native city of Valladolid.

</doc>
<doc id="5908986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908986" title="Armenians in Bulgaria">
Armenians in Bulgaria

Armenians (, "armentsi") are the fourth largest minority in Bulgaria, numbering 6,552 according to the 2011 census, down from 10,832 in 2001, while Armenian organizations estimate up to 22,000. They have been inhabiting the Balkans (including the territory of modern Bulgaria) since no later than the 5th century, when they moved there as part of the Byzantine cavalry. Since then, the Armenians have had a continuous presence in the Bulgarian lands and have played an often considerable part in the history of Bulgaria from early Medieval times until the present day.
The main centres of the Armenian community in the country are the major cities Plovdiv (3,140 Armenians in Plovdiv Province in 2001), Varna (2,240 in Varna Province), Sofia (1,672) and Burgas (904 in Burgas Province).
The traditional language of the community is Western Armenian, though due to education during the Communist period in Bulgaria being in Eastern Armenian, many are also fluent in the latter dialect. Bulgarian, being the official language, is spoken by almost all Armenians in the country.
History.
The Armenians that settled between the 6th and the 11th century in the Rhodopes, Thrace and Macedonia were several thousand in number and were mostly Paulicians and Tondrakians. They had very strong ties and influenced the Bulgarian sect of the Bogomils and were later assimilated into it, Bulgarianized and later converted to Roman Catholicism ("see Roman Catholicism in Bulgaria") or Islam ("see Pomaks"). The mother of 11th-century Bulgarian tsar Samuil was the daughter of the Armenian king, Ashot II and 10th-century Tsar Peter I's wife was the granddaughter of Byzantine emperor of Armenian origin Romanos I Lekapenos, Maria. Another Byzantine emperor—Basil I, the founder of the Macedonian dynasty and an Armenian from Thrace—spent his early years as a captive in the First Bulgarian Empire in the 9th century.
After both Bulgaria and Armenia were conquered by the Ottoman Empire, many Armenian settlers from Armenia, Crimea, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and Asia Minor arrived in what is now Bulgaria due to internal migration. Those coming from Armenia were forced to seek a new homeland because of their country's devastation by Arabs, Persians, and Turks. With Bulgaria gaining autonomy in the aftermath of the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78, many Armenians fled the Ottoman Empire because of the Hamidian massacres in the 1890s and settled in the country, particularly in the major cities of Plovdiv and Varna. In 1878, there were 5,300 Armenians in the Principality of Bulgaria and Eastern Rumelia, and this number increased by almost 20,000 after the Hamidian massacres.
At the time of the Balkan Wars (1912–1913) the Armenians in Bulgaria were about 35,000. During this time the legendary Armenian national hero, Andranik Ozanian participated in the Balkan Wars of 1912-1913, within the Bulgarian army, alongside general Garegin Nzhdeh (another national hero) as a commander of Armenian auxiliary troops. Bulgarian authorities honored him by the "Cross of Bravery".
After the events surrounding the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire (1915–1917) 22,000 sought refuge in the country during the government of Aleksandar Stamboliyski in 1922. 
During the Communist rule of Bulgaria (1945–1989) and the times of the Soviet Union, most of the Armenians returned to their homeland, then the Armenian SSR, but many also chose to stay in their new homeland or emigrate to other countries like the United States. After the dissolution of the USSR, the poor economic conditions in Armenia and the military conflicts in the Caucasus forced a number of Armenians to seek a better future in Bulgaria as emigrants in the 1990s or as a transit route to western Europe or the United States. Since the 1990s the population of Armenians in Bulgaria has continually decreased due to immigration and assimilation.
Culture, religion and media.
The Armenians and their historical faith were an inspiration for noted Bulgarian poet Peyo Yavorov to write one of his most recognizable works, the poem "Armentsi" ("Armenians"), describing the Armenians as 'forlorn exiles, a miserable fragment; of an ever-brave martyr-people; little children of a troubled slavewoman-mother; and victims of a legendarily great feat':
Three Armenian newspapers are published in Bulgaria, "Armentsi", issued in Burgas every fortnight with a circulation of 3,500, the weekly "Vahan" issued in Plovdiv with a circulation of 1,000, and the weekly "Erevan" issued in Sofia. The Armenian General Benevolent Union (AGBU) publishes its monthly bulletin "Parekordzagani Tsayn".
There are a total of ten Armenian Apostolic churches and two chapels in twelve cities, mostly in the urban centres with a significant Armenian population, with boards of trustees in Aytos, Burgas, Pazardzhik, Rousse, Shumen, Sliven, Stara Zagora, Varna and Yambol. All churches are organized in an eparchy based in Sofia. The Armenian Evangelical Church in Bulgaria is located in Plovdiv.

</doc>
<doc id="5908991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908991" title="Mass chromatogram">
Mass chromatogram

A mass chromatogram is a representation of mass spectrometry data as a chromatogram, where the x-axis represents time and the y-axis represents signal intensity. The source data contains mass information; however, it is not graphically represented in a mass chromatogram in favor of visualizing signal intensity versus time. The most common use of this data representation is when mass spectrometry is used in conjunction with some form of chromatography, such as in liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry or gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. In this case, the x-axis represents retention time, analogous to any other chromatogram. The y-axis represents signal intensity or relative signal intensity. There are many different types of metrics that this intensity may represent, depending on what information is extracted from each mass spectrum.
Total ion current (TIC) chromatogram.
The total ion current (TIC) chromatogram represents the summed intensity across the entire range of masses being detected at every point in the analysis. The range is typically several hundred mass-to-charge units or more. In complex samples, the TIC chromatogram often provides limited information as multiple analytes elute simultaneously, obscuring individual species.
Base peak chromatogram.
The base peak chromatogram is similar to the TIC chromatogram, however it monitors only the most intense peak in each spectrum. This means that the base peak chromatogram represents the intensity of the most intense peak at every point in the analysis. Base peak chromatograms often have a cleaner look and thus are more informative than TIC chromatograms because the background is reduced by focusing on a single analyte at every point.
Extracted-ion chromatogram (XIC).
In an extracted-ion chromatogram (XIC or EIC), also called a reconstructed-ion chromatogram (RIC), one or more m/z values representing one or more analytes of interest are recovered ('extracted') from the entire data set for a chromatographic run. The total intensity or base peak intensity within a mass tolerance window around a particular analyte's mass-to-charge ratio is plotted at every point in the analysis. The size of the mass tolerance window typically depends on the mass accuracy and mass resolution of the instrument collecting the data. This is useful for re-examining data to detect previously-unsuspected analytes, to highlight potential isomers, resolve suspected co-eluting substances, or to provide clean chromatograms of compounds of interest. Extracted-ion chromatograms are created via a data-mining or data-analysis process; selected-ion chromatograms, discussed below, arise from a completely different type of experiment, i.e., one in which data is collected only for specific m/z values representing compounds or compound types of interest.
Selected-ion monitoring chromatogram (SIM).
A selected-ion monitoring (SIM) chromatogram is similar to an XIC, with the exception that the mass spectrometer is operated in SIM mode, such that only a selected m/z value (or more) is/are detected in the analysis. SIM experiments can be performed using mass spectrometry (MS) or tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) instruments. They are more common on MS instruments. This differs significantly from the extracted-ion chromatogram mentioned above in that only data for the ion(s) of interest are collected in a SIM experiment; for extracted-ion chromatograms, data for an entire mass range are collected during the run and then examined for analytes of interest after the completion of the run.
Selected-reaction monitoring chromatogram.
The selected-reaction monitoring (SRM) experiment is very similar to the SIM experiment except that tandem mass spectrometry is used and a specific product ion of a specific parent ion is detected. The mass of the parent analyte is first selected while other ions are filtered away. The parent analyte ion is then fragmented in the gas phase and a specific fragment ion is monitored. This experiment has very high specificity because the SRM chromatogram represents only ions of a particular mass that fragment in a manner that produce a very specific product mass. This type of experiment can only be performed using tandem mass spectrometry.

</doc>
<doc id="5908992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5908992" title="Great Work of Time">
Great Work of Time

Great Work of Time is a novella by John Crowley. A science fiction story involving time travel, it concerns a secret society created by the will of Cecil Rhodes to preserve and expand the British Empire.
Originally published in Crowley's 1989 collection "Novelty", "Great Work of Time" was also published on its own in a Bantam paperback edition in 1991. It is now available as part of the omnibus volume "Novelties and Souvenirs".
The story was also published as part of a collection of short stories in "A science fiction omnibus" in 2007, edited by Brian Aldiss.
It won the World Fantasy Award for Best Novella in 1990.
Explanation of the novel's title.
The title comes from Andrew Marvell's poem about Oliver Cromwell, who, Marvell said,
<poem>
Could by industrious valour climb
To ruin the great work of Time,
And cast the kingdoms old
Into another mould.
</poem>
Chapters.
The story sub-divides into chapters which initially seem to be completely separate, but a connection is starting to be formed in Chapter III.
Plot.
The first chapter is connected to the story only in that it explains the origins of the time machine later used by the Otherhood. Caspar Last, an unambitious, reclusive middle-aged mathematical genius, has created a time machine more as a solution for a mathematical riddle than in order to make use of it. He is well aware that use of time travel is hazardous, and that however careful the traveler, the act of time travel is bound to introduce random changes into history and present day reality far beyond those intended and deliberately caused by the traveler. In fact, the present to which the traveler returns "is not truly the one from which he departed". This effect would increase and multiply, the more that time travel is used (much as human interference with the physical environment would cause random, cumulative ecological change).
Therefore, Last determines to make one use and one only of his invention - to travel to 19th Century British Guiana, make himself wealthy by obtaining a very rare stamp, and thereafter never use it or let it be used by others. However, the energetic Britons of the Otherhood think otherwise; having found out about Last's invention, they take it over and embark on making a sustained and intensive use of time-travel for preserving the peace of the world and the existence of the British Empire (aims which they consider to be virtually synonymous).
The story moves in the second chapter to a timeline in which the British Empire has survived as a dominant world power throughout the Twentieth Century. The main character, Denys Winterset, a promising young official in the Colonial Service at Africa, is invited by an enigmatic civil servant named Sir Geoffrey Davenant to join a secret society that has the ability to alter time. This society, which calls itself the Otherhood (because it is not quite a brotherhood), was endowed by Cecil Rhodes in 1893 with the goal of preserving and expanding the British Empire.
The secret society is modeled on the well-known Roman Catholic order of the Jesuits (one early version of Rhodes' will did indeed call for the creation of a pan-English-speaking secret society based on the Jesuits; although this never—so far as is known—came into existence, this is where the author got his idea).
Invited to the Otherhood's secret headquarters, located out of normal time and space, Winterset is told that there had been "An Original Situation", whose description suggests our own familiar history. There, what Winterset knew as the six-month-long "War of 1914" had degenerated into a mass four-year long bloodletting. It was followed by the rise of various dictatorships and tyrannies, more terrible wars and unimaginable mass murders, and finally the development of terrible destructive weapons capable of utterly destroying the world. The calamity also involved the complete dissolution of the British Empire, to which Winterset is staunchly loyal and which he regards as the main guarantor of the world's peace and stability.
All this was averted only due to the ability of the Otherhood's agents to go back in time, change the past, and create the peaceful, British-dominated world which Winterset had hitherto taken for granted. However, in the Otherhood's timeless headquarters, all this is still to be done.
Then Winterset is told that there is a vital role which he is predestined to play (or that he has, in this universe of non-linear time, "already" played) and nobody else could fulfill: he must travel back to the beginning of the group in 1893 and assassinate Rhodes. Otherwise, in the late 1890s Rhodes would change his will and dissipate much of his fortune, the Otherhood would never come into being, and the terrible nightmare of "The Original Situation" Twentieth Century would be restored.
When the President "pro tem", later revealed to be Winterset, travels into the future, something previously outlawed by the Otherhood, he learns that the future they have created is not at all what they aimed for and in fact is a weak fabric, constantly changing and fluctuating. There is a "capital of an aged empire" which bears only a vague resemblance to London; the street plans, the systems of communications and public transportation, the orthography of books, are all constantly changing and shifting - in random response to some change made in time past by the Otherhood - and the new reality seems to have "always been there" but the President also retains the memory that but a short time ago it was different.
Moreover, there is a far more fundamental change - the world is no longer inhabited by a single intelligent race, but by many: several races of "hominidae" and reptilian "draconidae" who do the various kinds of menial jobs; true humans; long-lived, wise "magi"; and the mysterious "sylphidae" or "angels". The President thinks that to effect such a change in evolution itself, somebody must have traveled a million years into the past - though the Otherhood always took care never to go earlier than 1893, so as not to risk annulling itself.
The Magi and Angels, however, explain to him it is not so: no one had gone so far into the past, no one intentionally interfered with evolution . Rather, the Otherhood's basic aim of creating "a peaceful world of stable hierarchies" has generated countless unintended changes which accumulated exponentially and created this world. And while the lower hominids and draconids are unaware of the ongoing changes, the Magi have inferred their existence during "hundreds of years of pondering" which they know to have been "imaginary centuries". They are tormented by this knowledge, to the point that they long to die, to never have been and to put an end to this imaginary existence.
For their part, the Angels feel acute pain at any new change, "like the snap of a whip infinitely long" - starting from the very moment when they felt themselves come into being "Oldest of the Old Races, though the last which the Otherhood's changes brought into being". They know their future, too - unbearably, they know that the rate of random changes will become worse and worse, and that this world, which they love, is doomed to "sicken and fail". Therefore, they charge the President pro tem to "put out this world like a light". He must go back, prevent Winterset (who is himself) from killing Rhodes - and thereby annul the Otherhood, destroy this alternate history which the Otherhood brought into being, and restore the "true" Original Situation. Crying bitterly, the President sees no choice but to do it.
Meanwhile, a younger Winterset aims to kill Cecil Rhodes, but the moment of opportunity slips due to an outside interference, which Winterset assumes to have been purposely created (a dimly remembered apparition during his sleep, evidently the older Winterset/President pro tem using some kind of hypnosis). Rhodes survives, the Otherhood is therefore never formed, and Winterset is trapped in the past and enters the service of Rhodes and witnesses first-hand the ugly and brutal side of Empire-building, conveniently hidden in the later British Empire where he grew up.
In the final chapter, Winterset, a young man, now living in the "true" history, enters the Colonial Service though it is a doomed institution with the Empire being fast dissolved. He meets his older self in 1956 in Africa and learns of the truth. He helps his older self to escape from Africa and returns to London, where the story ends with their last meeting many years later.
As noted by critic Susan Young, "Great Work of Time" has the same basic outline as Isaac Asimov's The End of Eternity - i.e. a secret society of well-meaning time travelers bent on remodeling history, and a young man recruited into the society in order to make a specific change that would bring this society itself into being. The details of what the time travelers do and where in time they operate are much different from those in Asimov's book. However, in both books, the society's operations come to a halt through the influence of people from the future, because the society's actions endanger the existence of the future.

</doc>
<doc id="5909000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909000" title="The Maltese Falcon">
The Maltese Falcon

The Maltese Falcon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909002" title="Goldkronach">
Goldkronach

Goldkronach is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated near the Fichtelgebirge, 12 km northeast of Bayreuth.
History.
On 25 June 1836, at 22:15, residents awoke to a man yelling "Fire! Fire!". In almost 2 hours, almost half of the eastern part of the town was burnt down, including the parish church, the two schools, City Hall, 55 houses, and 16 outbuildings. 127 families were rendered homeless. Three years later, on 18 June 1839 midnight, another fire broke out in the market. Within two hours, 29 houses and 17 outbuildings in the south side of town were the victims of the fire.

</doc>
<doc id="5909011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909011" title="Product naming convention">
Product naming convention

A product naming convention is a process of product or good description or titling. Consistent use of alphanumeric characters and separating devices defines a Naming convention. The naming convention will create an identifier for that version or model of product or goods.
Character use can interrupt with computerized software management systems which further limits the scope. The use of UPC codes may come to replace the need for such naming conventions as bar code readers become common. Speakable product name codes or strict names are still needed for marketing and customer service aspects. A properly identified product can lead to sales and properly targeted support.
Naming can be separated by a shift of characters. Heritage concepts like character segments are common. 

</doc>
<doc id="5909017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909017" title="Huye">
Huye

Huye may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909034" title="Frank N. Blanchard">
Frank N. Blanchard

Frank Nelson Blanchard (1888 – 1937) was an American herpetologist, and professor of zoology at the University of Michigan from which institution he received his Ph.D. He is credited with identifying several new species, including the Broad-banded Water Snake, "Nerodia fasciata confluens", and the Florida King Snake, "Lampropeltis getula floridana". As well, he has been honored by having reptiles and amphibians named after him, including the Western Smooth Green Snake, "Opheodrys vernalis blanchardi", and Blanchard's Cricket Frog, "Acris crepitans blanchardi".
Born in Stoneham, Massachusetts, Blanchard attained his bachelors of science in biology from Tufts University in 1913, and his doctorate in zoology from the University of Michigan in 1919. Where he studied with Helen Gaige under Dr. Alexander Grant Ruthven. His thesis was an extensive account of the genus "Lampropeltis", king snakes.
From 1913 until 1916 he taught zoology at Massachusetts State College in Amherst, Massachusetts. In 1918 he became an aide in the division of reptiles for the Smithsonian Institution, working under Leonhard Hess Stejneger until 1920, when he became a zoology professor at the University of Michigan. In 1922 he published "Amphibians and Reptiles of Western Tennessee". For the year of 1927, he took a sabbatical from the University to travel to New Zealand, Australia and Tasmania, primarily to study the tuatara. In 1935 he spent a summer with Howard K. Gloyd, travelling through the southwestern United States, writing a manual of the snakes of the US, which was completed by Gloyd after his death. In 1936, he was elected vice president of the American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists. His most enduring legacy to the field of herpetology are his techniques for studying live animals in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="5909038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909038" title="Louis Léon Jacob">
Louis Léon Jacob

Louis Léon Jacob (11 November 1768 - 14 March 1854) was a French admiral.
He was born at Tonnay, Charente, was educated at Rochefort, and volunteered from a clerkship in the marine bureau to the navy (1784). He was promoted to ensign in 1793, served as a Lieutenant the "Ça Ira" in her fight against a superior British force on 14 March 1795, and was taken prisoner when the ship was captured.
After his release, Jacob was appointed to the frigate "Bellone". He took part in the Battle of Tory Island and was again taken prisoner when "Bellone" surrendered to "Ethalion".
Jacob later took part in the campaign in Santo Domingo in 1801, was Captain at Granville (1805), helping "Piémontaise" in Saint-Servan, capturing two brigs "Teaser" and "Plumper" near Chaussey, and after at Naples (1806). He took part in the Battle of Les Sables-d'Olonne. He was made a rear admiral in 1812 and in 1814 defended Rochefort.
He retired on the Restoration, reentered active service in 1820, was Governor of Guadeloupe from 1823 to 1826, prepared the expedition against Morocco and Algiers (1827), served on the Admiralty Board until 1834, when he became Minister of Marine, and was aide-de-camp to Louis Philippe until 1848. He introduced in 1805 a system of semaphores which was long used in the French navy.

</doc>
<doc id="5909045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909045" title="Golßen">
Golßen

Golßen is a town in the Dahme-Spreewald district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Dahme, 15 km northwest of Luckau.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5909049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909049" title="Leçons de Ténèbres">
Leçons de Ténèbres

Leçons de Ténèbres may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909053" title="Newham North West (UK Parliament constituency)">
Newham North West (UK Parliament constituency)

Newham North West was a parliamentary constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the London Borough of Newham. It returned one Member of Parliament, elected by the first past the post system.
History.
The constituency was created for the February 1974 general election, and abolished for the 1997 general election. It was then merged with part of the constituency of Newham South to form the new constituency of West Ham.
Boundaries.
1974-1983: The London Borough of Newham wards of Forest Gate, New Town, Park, Plashet, Stratford, Upton, and West Ham.
1983-1997:

</doc>
<doc id="5909058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909058" title="Assembleias de Deus">
Assembleias de Deus

The Assembléias de Deus() are a group of Pentecostal denominations in Brazil founded by Daniel Berg and Gunnar Vingren. Assembleias de Deus are related to worldwide Pentecostal movement, and some groups are affiliated with the Assemblies of God.
History.
The "Assembléias de Deus" began when Daniel Berg and Gunnar Vingren, two Swedish Baptist immigrants from South Bend, Indiana had the Pentecostal experience in Chicago and departed to Brazil. They came to Belém, Pará, Brazil, where in 1911 founded the "Missão de Fé Apostólica," which later changed its name in 1918 to "Assembleia de Deus".
The Pentecostal movement in Brazil had already been started by that time among Italians in São Paulo, by an Italian-American missionary, Louis Francescon, who initiated the Christian Congregation of Brazil (CCB) in 1910. While the CCB spread in the South, the Assembleias de Deus reached the Amazon villages and the semi-arid Nordeste before migrants from the North brought the Church to Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo in the late 1920s.
Initially the "Assembleia de Deus" was intimately linked to the Scandinavian Pentecostal movement, led by Lewi Pethrus, who financed and sent missionaries to help Berg and Vingren. The Swedish Pentecostals gave autonomy to the Brazilian Assembleia de Deus in a General Convention in 1932. From that time onward, the American Assemblies of God increased their presence, mainly on doctrinal and teaching spheres, on the Brazilian denomination, but retained its independence from their American brethren. Walter Hollenweger explains such relation as follows: "In the mission statistics of the North American Assemblies of God, the Assembleia de Deus figure as their mission church. In contrast, the Brazilian Pentecostals regard themselves as an independent church."
Schism.
Since the 1980s the Assembleias de Deus have suffered several schisms and splits. As a consequence, many Conventions and "Ministérios" left using the same name "assemblea de Deus", though being totally independent organizations. The most significant denominations named Assembleias de Deus are:
Altogether, the churches that bear the name Assembleias de Deus in Brazil had 8.5 million adherents in 2001.
Foreign Work.
The Brazilian Assembleia de Deus has always sent missionaries abroad, starting in 1913 when a returning Portuguese immigrant was commanded to Portugal. Today, there are Brazilian missionaries in Latin America and in the Portuguese-speaking Africa. There also are Brazilian Assemblies of God among the Brazilian immigrant communities in North America, Japan, and Western Europe, but usually they do not have relations with the local World Assemblies of God Fellowship affiliated national denominations.
In the United States there are a Brazilian Assembleias de Deus, mostly in the Eastern Coast, some are affiliated with the Brazilian District of the Assemblies of God, but the majority of the Brazilian churches are either independent or linked to their "ministério" back in Brazil.
Organization.
The Assembleias de Deus have a non-territorial episcopal polity (called "Ministerio") where each "Ministerio" is a directed by a mother-church under a pastor-president (also called bishop or apostle in various "Ministerio") with affiliated congregations and preaching points. The mother-church receive tithes and manages the funds of the affiliated local churches, as well as assign pastors for the local congregations. There is a strong influence of pastoral leadership on the decision-taking process, and the members only rubber stamp the "Ministerio" decisions.
As the "ministerio" structure overlaps many territorial boundaries, there usually is no much organizational collaboration among "ministérios". Virtually, each "ministério" operates independently, and end up becoming an independent denomination on itself. Among the major "ministérios" stands the Assembly of God Bethlehem Ministry, which has about 2,200 churches concentrated in the south-central and headquartered in Belenzinho neighborhood in São Paulo. In 2008, Ministério do Belém was chaired by Pr José Wellington Bezerra da Costa, who succeeded Pr. Cicero Canuto de Lima, who also chaired the CGADB.
Since the 1980s, for administrative reasons, notably after the death of Paul Leiva Macalão pastor and his wife, Zelia missionary, the Brazilian Assembly of God has undergone several divisions that gave rise to various conventions and ministries with autonomous administration in various regions of the country The most significant of the independent ministries are the Ministry of Madureira, whose church has existed since the 1930s, founded by the aforementioned Pr. Paul Leiva Macalão and, in 1958, served as the basis for structuring national Ministry chaired by him until his death in late 1982.
Doctrine.
Since it is not a unified movement, there are many variations in doctrine and practice in the Assembleias de Deus in Brazil, but in common they believe in the Bible as the sole source of doctrine, the vicarious death of Christ, in the baptism of adults by immersion in water, in Holy Communion with no wine, the obligation of the tithe, the gifts of the Holy Spirit, and the premillennial return of Jesus, considerate Christian headcovering for woman in worship and kiss of peace as heresies.

</doc>
<doc id="5909068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909068" title="Margaret Drummond, Queen of Scotland">
Margaret Drummond, Queen of Scotland

Margaret Drummond (circa 1340 – after 31 January 1375), known also by her first married name as Margaret Logie, was the second queen of David II of Scotland and a daughter of Sir Malcolm Drummond, Knt. (died circa 1346) by his wife Margaret Graham, Countess of Menteith. 
Margaret first married Sir John Logie of that Ilk, having by him a son, John of Logie. She later served as a mistress to King David who was widowed from his first wife, Joan of The Tower, on 14 August 1362.
Margaret then married David II of Scotland at Inchmurdach in Fife, on 20 February 1364. They had no children and the King divorced her on 20 March 1369 on grounds of infertility. Margaret, however, travelled to Avignon, in southern France, and made a successful appeal to the Pope to reverse the sentence of divorce which had been pronounced against her in Scotland. Having borne a child from her first marriage, it seems likely that David himself was infertile, since his thirty-seven year marriage to his first wife also bore no issue. 
Margaret survived the King, and was alive on 31 January 1375, but seems to have died soon after that date.

</doc>
<doc id="5909071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909071" title="Hole in the Sky (disambiguation)">
Hole in the Sky (disambiguation)

Hole in the Sky is a metal music festival held yearly in Bergen, Norway since 1996.
Hole in the Sky may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909075" title="Palù">
Palù

Palù is a "comune" with 1,234 inhabitants in the province of Verona.

</doc>
<doc id="5909077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909077" title="AVL (engineering company)">
AVL (engineering company)

AVL, or Anstalt für Verbrennungskraftmaschinen List, is an Austrian-based automotive consulting firm as well as an independent research institute. It is the largest privately owned company for the development of powertrain systems with internal combustion engines (ICEs) as well as instrumentation and test systems and also produces electric powertrains.
Company history and accomplishments.
AVL was founded by Professor Doctor Hans List in 1948, after he became an independent engineer. The company was primarily focused on diesel truck engines, and after great success, branched out in 1960 to include an engine instrumentation division. Funds from the famous American Marshall Plan for reconstruction after WW II were key to the establishment of AVL.
In 1969, AVL developed a revolutionary test bed which allowed for comprehensive data acquisition and analysis.
Throughout the 1970s, AVL's diesel engine performance and data acquisition capabilities continued to improve, while its PUMA test bed software began to give the company an international reputation. The founder's son Helmut List became the management chairman in 1979. After more innovations and more success in the 1980s, AVL opened its AST (Advanced Simulation Technology) division in 1987.
Some of the AVL's special skills are widely known and available to the technically interested public. One is developing and improving 4-wheel-drive systems. Another is car sound design, for practically all car producers around the globe. This is why, in general, more silently running vehicles can be distinguished by their manufacturer. However, the sounds are sensitively matched to the local aural expectations, therefore they sound differently in Japan, South Korea, the United States, Germany, or Italy. More significantly, each type of vehicle is expected to have a characteristic sound; a sport roadster's sound greatly differs from an SUV as well as a same-company cruising limousine.
AVL assisted American Ford with the design of their new Power Stroke medium-duty truck diesel engine.
In 2007, AVL purchased the French company Le Moteur Moderne, which also specialises in engine development. The aim of this operation was to improve the AVL's presence in France as well as globally.
CEO Helmut List is also eponymous for the Helmut-List-Halle, a large multi-purpose cultural venue. It hosts many events during the annual Styrian Autumn Festival. As the hall particularly features ideal acoustic conditions for classical concerts, one of its estimators is a worldwide renowned Mozart expert who grew up in Graz, conductor Nikolaus Harnoncourt.
AVL has technical centers around the world namely Graz, Germany, Slovenia, Croatia, Sweden, Japan, Korea, France, US, Hungary, India, UK, China and Turkey.
AVL group, besides the direct affiliates of AVL List GmbH also include other companies 
AVL Advanced Simulation Technologies.
Engine Thermodynamics & Internal Flow Analysis
Engine Structural Dynamics
Vehicle Concept Simulation
Vehicle Flow Mechanics
Online Solutions
Electric vehicles.
The shift to electrified vehicles has prompted AVL Powertrain Engineering Inc. to open a battery lab in its Ann Arbor, Mich., tech center.
AVL is introducing a new energy management and systems integration facility, the AVL California Technology Center (CTC), to support the market's advanced technology initiatives. Located in the epicenter of "green" initiatives—southern California—the facility showcases ample capabilities not currently consolidated in any other North American facility.

</doc>
<doc id="5909100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909100" title="Marie-Anne Pierrette Paulze">
Marie-Anne Pierrette Paulze

Marie-Anne Pierrette Paulze (20 January 1758 in Montbrison, Loire, France – 10 February 1836), was a French chemist. She was the wife of Antoine Lavoisier (Madame Lavoisier), and acted as his laboratory assistant and contributed to his work.
Background.
Her father, Jacques Paulze, worked primarily as a parliamentary lawyer and financier. Most of his income came from running the Ferme Générale (the General Farm) which was a private consortium of financiers who paid the French monarchy for the privilege of collecting certain taxes. Her mother, Claudine Thoynet Paulze, died in 1761, leaving behind not only Marie-Anne, then aged 3 only, but two other sons. After her mother’s death Paulze was placed in a convent where she received her formal education.
At the age of thirteen Paulze received a marriage proposal from the Count d’Amerval, who was nearly three times her age. Jacques Paulze tried to object to the union, but received threats about losing his job with the Ferme Générale. To indirectly thwart the marriage, Jacques Paulze made an offer to one of his colleagues to ask for his daughter’s hand instead. This colleague was Antoine Lavoisier, a French nobleman and scientist. Lavoisier accepted the proposition, and he and Marie-Anne were married on 16 December 1771. Lavoisier was about 28, while Mary-Anne was about 13.
Lavoisier continued to work for the Ferme-Générale but in 1775 was appointed gunpowder administrator, leading the couple to settle down at the Arsenal in Paris. Here, Lavoisier’s interest in chemistry blossomed having previously trained at the chemical laboratory of Guillaume François Rouelle, and, with the financial security provided by both his and Paulze’s family, as well as his various titles and other business ventures, he was able to construct a state-of-the-art chemistry laboratory. Paulze soon became interested in his scientific research and began to actively participate in her husband's laboratory work.
As her interest developed, she received formal training in the field from Jean Baptiste Michel Bucquet and Philippe Gingembre, both of whom were Lavoisier’s colleagues at the time. The Lavoisiers spent most of their time together in the laboratory, working as a team conducting research on many fronts. She also assisted him by translating documents about chemistry from English to French. In fact, the majority of the research effort put forth in the laboratory was actually a joint effort between Paulze and her husband, with Paulze mainly playing the role of laboratory assistant.
French Revolution.
In 1794 Lavoisier, due to his prominent position in the Ferme-Générale, was branded a traitor during the Reign of Terror by French revolutionaries. Paulze’s father, another prominent Ferme-Générale member, was arrested on similar grounds. On 28 November 1793 Lavoisier surrendered to revolutionaries and was imprisoned at Port-Libre. Throughout his imprisonment Paulze visited Lavoisier regularly and fought for his release. She presented his case before Antoine Dupin, who was Lavoisier’s accuser and a former member of the Ferme-Générale. She told of her husband’s accomplishments as a scientist and his importance to the nation of France. Despite her efforts Lavoisier was tried, convicted of treason and executed on 8 May 1794 in Paris, at the age of 50. Jacques Paulze was also executed on the same day.
After his death, Paulze became bitter about what had happened to her husband. She was thrown into bankruptcy following the new government's confiscation of her money and property. In addition, the new government seized all of Lavoisier’s notebooks and laboratory equipment. Despite these obstacles, Marie-Anne organized the publication of Lavoisier’s final memoirs, "Mémoires de Chimie", a compilation of his papers and those of his colleagues demonstrating the principles of the new chemistry. The first volume contained work on heat and the formation of liquids, while the second dealt with the ideas of combustion, air, calcination of metals, action of acids, and the composition of water. In the original copy Paulze wrote the preface and attacked revolutionaries and Lavoisier’s contemporaries, whom she believed to be responsible for his death. This preface, however, was not included in the final publication. Nevertheless, her efforts secured her husband's legacy in the field of chemistry.
Benjamin Thompson.
Paulze eventually remarried, following a four-year courtship and engagement to Benjamin Thompson (Count Rumford). Rumford was one of the most well-known physicists at the time, but the marriage between the two was difficult and short-lived. Paulze also insisted throughout her life that she retain the last name of her first husband, demonstrating her undying devotion to him. Paulze died suddenly in her home in Paris on 10 February 1836, at the age of 78. She is buried in the cemetery of Pere-Lachaise in Paris.
Contributions to chemistry.
Paulze accompanied Lavoisier in his lab during the day, making entries into his lab notebooks and sketching diagrams of his experimental designs. The training she had received from the painter Jacques-Louis David allowed her to accurately and precisely draw experimental apparatuses, which ultimately helped many of Lavoisier’s contemporaries to understand his methods and results. Furthermore, she served as the editor of his reports. Together, the Lavoisiers rebuilt the field of chemistry, which had its roots in alchemy and at the time was a convoluted science dominated by George Stahl’s theory of phlogiston.
In the eighteenth century the idea of phlogiston (a fire-like element which is gained or released during a material’s combustion) was used to describe the apparent property changes that substances exhibited when burned. Paulze, being a master in the English, Latin and French language, was able to translate various works about phlogiston into French for her husband to read. Perhaps her most important translation was that of Richard Kirwan's essay 'Essay on Phlogiston and the Constitution of Acids', which she both translated and critiqued, adding footnotes as she went along and pointing out errors in the chemistry made throughout the paper. She also translated works by Joseph Priestley, Henry Cavendish, and others for Lavoisier’s personal use. This was an invaluable service to Lavoisier, who relied on Paulze’s translation of foreign works to keep abreast of current developments in chemistry. In the case of phlogiston, it was Paulze’s translation that convinced him the idea was incorrect, ultimately leading to his studies of combustion and his discovery of oxygen gas.
Paulze was also instrumental in the 1789 publication of Lavoisier’s Elementary Treatise on Chemistry, which presented a unified view of chemistry as a field. This work proved pivotal in the progression of chemistry, as it presented the idea of conservation of mass as well as a list of elements and a new system for chemical nomenclature. Paulze contributed thirteen drawings that showed all the laboratory instrumentation and equipment used by the Lavoisiers in their experiments. She also kept strict records of the procedures followed, lending validity to the findings Lavoisier published.
Before her death, Paulze was able to recover nearly all of Lavoisier’s notebooks and chemical apparatuses, most of which survive in a collection at Cornell University, the largest of its kind outside of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="5909103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909103" title="Ankotarinja">
Ankotarinja

In Australian Aboriginal Mythology, Ankotarinja is the first man, also called the Dreaming Man. His myth belonged to a small band of Arrernte men, known as the Ngala-Mbitjana people. They were heirs to Ankotarinja's exploits at the time of the Dreaming, performing his ceremonies and initiating their young iliara (novice) into his totemic lodge. They kept alive the memory of his world-creating endeavors. Ankotarinja's birthplace is a creek-bed near Ankota (vicinity of Mount Solitaire).

</doc>
<doc id="5909107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909107" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Shropshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Shropshire

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Shropshire. For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5909108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909108" title="Washington State Labor Council">
Washington State Labor Council

The Washington State Labor Council is the Washington branch of the AFL-CIO. It represents all AFL-CIO affiliates in state politics, and its major interest group, particularly for Democratic politicians. The organization was split when several national unions broke from the AFL-CIO and formed the Change to Win Coalition, taking their state and local affiliates with them. Jeffrey Johnson has been the President of the State Labor Council since January of 2011. Other prominent leaders have included Rick Bender, Lou Stewart, and Alan Link, the organization's current Secretary-Treasurer (equivalent to Executive Director).

</doc>
<doc id="5909110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909110" title="J. A. Pierce">
J. A. Pierce

Joseph Audley Pierce was an American football coach. He served as the first head football coach at the University of Tennessee from 1899–1900, compiling a record of 9–4–1. At the time of his service, there were no assistant coaches, which meant that he had the sole responsibility for coaching the team. During the 1920s, Pierce coached at Corsicana High School in Corsicana, Texas. He was an alumnus of Lafayette University.

</doc>
<doc id="5909119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909119" title="Naoto Tajima">
Naoto Tajima

Born in Iwakuni, Tajima graduated from Kyoto Imperial University just prior to competing in the Olympics. His gold medal was Japan's last Olympic track and field gold medal until Naoko Takahashi won the women's marathon in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
<br>
References.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5909140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909140" title="List of Psych episodes">
List of Psych episodes

Psych is an American crime/mystery comedy television series that premiered on July 7, 2006 on USA Network, and aired its series finale on March 26, 2014. It stars James Roday as Shawn Spencer who uses his eidetic memory with the observational and investigative skills that his father ingrained in him during childhood to fake being a psychic who consults with the Santa Barbara Police Department to solve cases, as well as running a psychic detective agency called Psych. He is (reluctantly) helped in his charade by his best friend, Burton "Gus" Guster (Dulé Hill), and his father, Henry Spencer (Corbin Bernsen). He generally works with police detectives Carlton Lassiter (Timothy Omundson) and Juliet O'Hara (Maggie Lawson) and under the direction of Police Chief Karen Vick (Kirsten Nelson). Episodes usually begin with a flashback to Shawn's youth, showcasing one of Henry's lessons for his son. These lessons are typically used or applied later in the episode.
As of March 26, 2014, 121 episodes of "Psych" have aired.
Notes.
† denotes a two-hour episode (with advertisements).

</doc>
<doc id="5909147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909147" title="By the Light of the Silvery Moon (album)">
By the Light of the Silvery Moon (album)

By the Light of the Silvery Moon is a Doris Day album (released March 13, 1953) featuring songs from the movie of the same name. It was issued by Columbia Records as a 10" long-playing record, catalog number CL-6248 and as a 45rpm EP set, B-334.
The album was combined with Day's 1951 album, "On Moonlight Bay," on a compact disc, issued on January 30, 2001 by Collectables Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5909151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909151" title="Harptree Combe">
Harptree Combe

Harptree Combe () is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) near East Harptree notified in 1954. "Combe" or "coombe" is a West Country word meaning a steep-sided valley. It is also the site of a 19th-century aqueduct and is overlooked by the site of a castle dating from around 1100.
In August 2009, of the Combe were purchased by Alan Sheppard for £60,000. He became the third owner since 1805, the previous sale being in 1922.
Ecology.
Appleyard's Feather-moss ("Brachythecium appleyardiae") was described as new to science from this site in 1981, although doubt has been cast on the validity of the species as a result of genetic evidence published in 2005 which suggests that this moss is in fact a member of the widespread moss species, Scleropodium cespitans.
Grassy clearings within the combe are the only site in Avon where the nationally scarce Spreading Bellflower "Campanula patula" is found. The species was first found here in 1829.
Harptree Combe is a narrow limestone gorge containing a variety of habitats, including Ash woodland, rough grassland, natural and artificial rock faces, and a small, marshy stream. The valley wood has been identified as an ancient woodland site, rich in tree and shrub species, and with a ground flora containing plants such as Herb Paris, ("Paris quadrifolia"), indicative of such undisturbed habitats. Several other uncommon or local plants, such as Small Teasel, ("Dipsacus pilosus") and Autumn Crocus, ("Colchicum autumnale"), also occur. The limestone rock exposures and aqueduct walls are location for many species of moss and fern, some of which, e.g. Rusty Beard-moss ("Didymodon ferrugineus" previously known as "Barbula reflexa"), Brown Beard-moss ("Didymodon spadiceus" previously known as "Barbula spadicea") and Brittle Bladder-fern ("Cystopteris fragilis"), are rare in Southern England.
Aqueduct.
An aqueduct for Bristol water supply follows the line of the combe. It was completed in 1851, with John Simpson acting as the chief engineer, and it is still in use today. It consists of a wrought iron tube, which runs underground for 18 km, to Bristol Reservoirs but where it appears above ground it is supported by limestone piers and abutments. It is probably the oldest surviving example of such engineering and has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building.
Richmont Castle.
The scanty ruins, of Richmont Castle are about just above the combe. The castle was besieged in 1138 when King Stephen captured it from Sir William de Harptree a supporter of Queen Matilda's cause in the civil war between the king and queen. The castle was also visited by King John in 1205. The castle was demolished by its owner, Sir John Newton, in the reign of Henry VIII.
Wade and Wade in their 1929 book "Somerset" described it; ""On an inaccessible tongue of land at the far end of the gorge are the remains of Richmont Castle, one of those lawless strongholds which in the days of Stephen were a terror to the country side. In 1138 it was strongly garrisoned by its owner, William de Harptree, on behalf of the Empress Matilda, but was taken by Stephen by the ruse of a feigned repulse. Now, only a fragment of the keep overlooks the glen."" Some earthworks are still visible but partially covered by the undergrowth.

</doc>
<doc id="5909156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909156" title="Louis Nathaniel de Rothschild">
Louis Nathaniel de Rothschild

Louis Nathaniel de Rothschild (German language: Ludwig Nathaniel Freiherr von Rothschild) was an Austrian baron from the famous Rothschild family. He was born in Vienna on 5 March 1882 and died of heart failure while swimming in Montego Bay, Jamaica on 15 January 1955.
He was the son of Albert Salomon von Rothschild. He owned a spectacular palace in Vienna, the Palais Rothschild, that housed an exquisite art collection and antiques. 
After the Anschluß of Austria to Nazi Germany in March 1938, he was arrested at the airport at Aspern and taken into custody by the Nazis because he was a Jew. While imprisoned he was visited by Heinrich Himmler. Rothschild apparently impressed the SS leader, who subsequently ordered that Rothschild's prison conditions be improved with better furniture and sanitation facilities. Despite appeals from Queen Mary of the United Kingdom and possibly the Duke of Windsor, Rothschild was held in Vienna's Hotel Metropole while the German government attempted to expropriate his business concerns. He was imprisoned at least through July 1938, and his property placed under control of a German "commissioner". Felix Somary, in his memoirs, recalls that, soon before the Anschluss, he phoned to the baron repeatedly, in a desperate attempt to convince him to leave Austria. The day before the Anschluss, Louis's brother Alphons and his wife were visiting him in Switzerland, wanting to go back into Austria; he persuaded them to remain there, and to get his children Francesca de Rothschild and Heidi de Rothschild away from Austria to Netherlands.
Finally allowed to leave Austria, Louis survived the Holocaust and Second World War. 
All of the Rothschild possessions were plundered and subsequently "Aryanised". The city-palace of the family was destroyed after the war. The baron never received most of his former belongings back, since most of the paintings were taken over by the Austrian state, which did not allow the paintings to leave the country.In 1998, over 200 art works were returned to the Rothschild heirs by the Austrian Government, and were placed at Sotheby's in London for auction in 1999. 
In 1946 he married the countess Hildegard Johanna von Auersperg (1895–1981) and lived in East Barnard, Vermont (USA) and England.

</doc>
<doc id="5909158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909158" title="Michael Bowen (actor)">
Michael Bowen (actor)

Michael Bowen is an American actor. He is best known for portraying Danny Pickett on the ABC series "Lost" and Jack Welker on the AMC series "Breaking Bad".
Early life.
Bowen was born in Texas, the son of actress Sonia Sorel (née Henius; 1921–2004) and Beat painter Michael Bowen. His maternal great-grandfather was biochemist Max Henius, and his maternal great-grandmother was the sister of historian Johan Ludvig Heiberg.
Career.
Bowen has appeared in films such as "The Godfather Part III" (1990), "Beverly Hills Cop III" (1994), "Jackie Brown" (1997), "Magnolia" (1999), "Kill Bill Volume 1" (2003), "Walking Tall" (2004), and "Django Unchained" (2012).
Personal life.
Bowen is the half-brother of Robert and Keith Carradine. He is the uncle of actresses Martha Plimpton and Ever Carradine.

</doc>
<doc id="5909173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909173" title="Centre Turnpike">
Centre Turnpike

Centre Turnpike, also known as the Reading-Sunbury Road, was an early United States turnpike located in Pennsylvania. It followed the path of the King's Highway, which had been surveyed in 1770 by Francis Yarnall. Running from Reading to Sunbury, it was long. and was started in 1808 and completed around 1814 at a cost of US$208,000. The final toll was collected near Bear Gap in Ralpho Township in 1855. The general path of the original turnpike is now covered partly by Pennsylvania Route 61 and Pennsylvania Route 54. It was maintained and controlled by the Centre Turnpike Road Company, which was formed on March 25, 1805.
Route description.
The Centre Turnpike started on Penn Street near Fourth Street in Reading. It roughly followed the path of the Schuylkill River to the community of Molino in Schuylkill County, where it diverged to the northwest toward Pottsville, a distance of from the origin. From Pottsville it went to the foot of Broad Mountain where toll gate #6 was located. It then headed northwest to the top of Broad Mountain, and turned west along the north side of the mountain toward the village of Fountain Springs.
The turnpike then entered Ashland from Reading, a half-mile west of which was located toll gate #7, just past the community of Germantown. It then continued across Locust Mountain (via the current Ashland Road, a.k.a. Snake Road and Logging Road 19018) and entered Mount Carmel. It continued in a northwest course over Red Ridge (current route of PA-54) and up the south side of Big Mountain to Natalie at the top.
From here, Centre Turnpike went down the north side of Big Mountain to Bear Gap. Bear Gap was from Reading, and also the site of the first toll house in Northumberland county. From Bear Gap, the road ran west (currently Reading Turnpike Road) and crossed Shamokin Creek just east of Paxinos. About one-half mile west of Bear Gap is the point where the Danville Turnpike (the current PA-54 continuing northward), incorporated in 1815, joined the Centre Turnpike.
From Paxinos, the turnpike followed the present Pennsylvania Route 61 until it crossed Shamokin Creek, just east of Sunbury. From there it followed Highland Avenue, and joined Market Street. It followed Market Street to the square, where the turnpike reached its northern terminus.
Tolls.
The turnpike collected an average of $6572.67 in tolls per year in the first eleven years of operation. In 1822, the rate of tolls (per mile) were:
History.
The Centre Turnpike followed the path of the King's Highway, which had been surveyed in 1770 by Francis Yarnall. The turnpike was started in 1808 and completed around 1814 at a cost of US$208,000. The final toll was collected near Bear Gap in Ralpho Township in 1855. It was maintained and controlled by the Centre Turnpike Road Company, which was formed on March 25, 1805.

</doc>
<doc id="5909174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909174" title="One Ocean View">
One Ocean View

One Ocean View is an American primetime television reality show about eleven single New Yorkers looking for romance on Fire Island. It premiered on ABC at 10:00 pm Eastern/9:00 pm Central, and CTV at 9:00 pm Eastern/8:00 pm Central on Monday, July 31, 2006. The show was similar to "The Real World", another series produced by Bunim/Murray Productions, though the cast was only together on weekends, spending their weekdays living their normal lives. 
The show's cast of eleven twentysomethings included four men (John, KJ, Usman, and Zack), and seven women (Anelka, Heather, Lauren, Lisa, Mary, Miki, and Radha).
"One Ocean View" created controversy among the typically publicity-averse Fire Island visitors. The cast and producers were not welcome guests on the island while filming.
The show's premiere garnered a low 1.5/4 rating among those between 18-49. It was dropped from ABC's schedule after attracting only 2.74 million viewers on August 7, 2006, making it ABC's least-watched show for that week.

</doc>
<doc id="5909189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909189" title="On Moonlight Bay (album)">
On Moonlight Bay (album)

On Moonlight Bay is a Doris Day album (released July 2, 1951) featuring songs from the movie of the same name. It was issued by Columbia Records as a 10" LP album, catalog number CL-6186.
The album was combined with Day's 1953 album, "By the Light of the Silvery Moon," on a compact disc, issued on January 30, 2001 by Collectables Records. Gordon McRae is not featured on the album, as he was a property of Capitol records and wasn't allowed to sing on this Columbia recording. James Emmons, a contract singer handled by Doris Day's husband, was used in his place on two songs..."Cuddle up a Little Closer" and "Till We Meet Again".
Track listing.
†Joint pseudonym for James Kendis, James Brockman, and Nat Vincent.

</doc>
<doc id="5909202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909202" title="The Thrill of It All (disambiguation)">
The Thrill of It All (disambiguation)

The Thrill of It All is a 1963 film starring Doris Day and James Garner.
The Thrill of It All may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909205" title="Stuart Gitlow">
Stuart Gitlow

Stuart Gitlow (born November 29, 1962) is a general, forensic, and addiction psychiatrist, Executive Director of the Annenberg Physician Training Program in Addictive Diseases at Mount Sinai School of Medicine, and President of the American Society of Addiction Medicine.
Psychiatry.
Before receiving an MD from Mount Sinai School of Medicine, Gitlow earned a Master's in public health from the University of Pittsburgh and Master's in business administration from the University of Rhode Island. Following graduation he trained at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and Harvard University.
Gitlow has held a number of prominent professional positions in the medicine and public health communities. He is medical expert to the Social Security Department's Office of Disability Adjudication and Review, chair of the American Medical Association Action Team on Alcohol and Health, chair of the New York County Medical Society Public Health Committee, President of the American Society of Addiction Medicine, American Society of Addition Medicine delegate to the American Medical Association, and chair of the American Medical Association Council on Science and Public Health.
Academia.
Gitlow is a faculty member at Dartmouth Medical School and Mount Sinai School of Medicine. He gives regular invited lectures on the subject of addictive disease. He is a member of the editorial board for the "Journal of Addictive Diseases".
Politics.
Gitlow has twice unsuccessfully sought the Democratic Party nomination for Rhode Island General Assembly representative for Woonsocket, Rhode Island district 49.
Works.
Gitlow is a regular columnist for "Counselor", frequent contributor to textbooks about addiction medicine, and in 2001 published the book "Practical Guides in Psychiatry: Substance Use Disorders" (Lippincott Williams & Wilkins).

</doc>
<doc id="5909219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909219" title="WCIL-FM">
WCIL-FM

WCIL-FM (101.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary hit radio format. Licensed to Carbondale, Illinois, the station serves the Marion-Carbondale (IL) area. The station is currently owned by Max Media.
History.
WCIL (AM) signed on the air in 1946 as a daytime only station with personalities such as Jim Bowen, Bluegrass Roy and others in a second floor studio at about 215 W. Main St. in Carbondale At that time, to get the AM license, they were pressured by the FCC to also sign on an FM station. They kept the FM on the air for about a year and then signed it off the air since, at the time, nobody listened to FM. In 1964, Paul F. McRoy, the station's then-owner, foresaw the potential of FM and applied for a new FM license. The license was approved and WCIL-FM signed on in 1968 and allowed broadcasting after local sunset when WCIL was required to sign off. WCIL AM/FM simulcasted the same programming on both stations[http://www.leonardsview.com/wcilpast.html. The format was easy listening music and news. A year or so before "CIL-FM" was born, Top 40 music was played at night after 10pm. The FCC required AM-FM simulcasts to split programming. So, plans were made to split WCIL AM and FM. The AM and FM split programming and became separate stations on August 16, 1976. Before this split of the stations, WCIL-FM would sign off the air at 2am and sign back on at 6am. Once the stations split, CIL-FM Rockinradio was born and was on the air 24 hours a day [http://www.leonardsview.com/wcilpast.html] and hasn't signed off since except for technical problems. The first song played on CIL-FM that morning at 6am was "Here Comes the Sun" by the Beatles, played by morning host Dennis Lyle. McRoy would go on to sell both WCIL-FM and AM to Lyle, now the President of the Illinois Broadcasters Association. 
CIL-FM dominated ratings in the heyday of Top 40/CHR radio. The air-personalities were well known throughout the area. In the 1980s and 1990s, Programming Director Tony Waitekus propelled the station to national prominence[http://www.leonardsview.com/wcilmemories.html]. 
After Lyle purchased the station, John Riley took over mornings and had a successful run. Riley was charismatic about the Carbondale community and had a close connection to SIU Athletics. 
Later, in 1997, Lyle sold the stations to the Zimmer Radio Group. Soon after the sale, CIL-FM had a 1997 relaunch as "Today's Hit Music". 
Jon E. Quest has been broadcasting on WCIL for over a decade and now hosts the CIL-FM Morning Show with Lia Mira. Previous to Quest and Mira, the morning show was hosted by Kato, along with Mira. Prior to that, mornings were hosted by the Steve and DC Morning Show from 1997 (taking over from John Riley) until 2006. 
In 2004, Zimmer Radio Group sold their stations in southern Illinois (including WCIL-FM), along with Cape Girardeau, Poplar Bluff and Sikeston, MO, to Mississippi River Radio, a subsidiary of Max Media, LLC.
Programming.
WCIL-FM has been a home for many years for Southern Illinois University football and basketball featuring Mike Reis, now a member of the SIU Athletics Hall of Fame.The station is also an affiliate of the syndicated American Top 40 with Ryan Seacrest, along with Dawson McAllister Live. 
Ownership.
In December 2003, Mississippi River Radio, acting as Max Media LLC (John Trinder, president/COO), reached an agreement to purchase WCIL, WCIL-FM, WJPF, WOOZ-FM, WUEZ, WXLT, KCGQ-FM, KEZS-FM, KGIR, KGKS, KJEZ, KKLR-FM, KLSC, KMAL, KSIM, KWOC, and KZIM from the Zimmer Radio Group (James L. Zimmer, owner). The reported value of this 17 station transaction was $43 million.

</doc>
<doc id="5909220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909220" title="Grid cell topology">
Grid cell topology

The grid cell topology is studied in digital topology as part of the theoretical basis for (low-level) algorithms in computer image analysis or computer graphics. 
The elements of the "n"-dimensional grid cell topology ("n" ≥ 1) are all "n"-dimensional grid cubes and their "k"-dimensional faces ( for 0 ≤ "k" ≤ "n"−1); between these a partial order "A" ≤ "B" is defined if "A" is a subset of "B" (and thus also dim("A") ≤ dim("B")). The grid cell topology is the Alexandrov topology (open sets are up-sets) with respect to this partial order. (See also poset topology.)
Alexandrov and Hopf first introduced the grid cell topology, for the two-dimensional case, within an exercise in their text "Topologie" I (1935).
A recursive method to obtain "n"-dimensional grid cells and an intuitive definition for 
grid cell manifolds can be found in Chen, 2004. It is related to digital manifolds.

</doc>
<doc id="5909223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909223" title="Gößnitz">
Gößnitz

Gößnitz is a town in the Altenburger Land district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Pleiße, 12 km south of Altenburg, and 20 km northwest of Zwickau.

</doc>
<doc id="5909238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909238" title="Moris Farhi">
Moris Farhi

(Musa) Moris Farhi MBE (born 1935, Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish author who has been vice-president of International PEN since 2001.
Background.
Farhi was born in Ankara, Turkey, in 1935. Farhi received B.A. in Humanities from Robert Academy, Istanbul, in 1954. He came to the UK the same year and trained at The Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, graduating in 1956 and settling in London. After a brief career as an actor, he took up writing.
Farhi has written several novels, including "Children of the Rainbow" and "Journey through the Wilderness". "Children of the Rainbow" has received two prizes: the “Amico Rom” from the Associazione Them Romano of Italy (2002); and the “Special” prize from the Roma Academy of Culture and Sciences in Germany (2003). The French edition of "Young Turk" ("Jeunes Turcs") received the 2007 Alberto Benveniste Prize for Literature. His poems have appeared in many British, US and European publications and in the anthology of 20th century Jewish poets, "Voices Within the Ark" (Avon, US, 1979). He has also published short stories in anthologies and magazines in the UK, the US and Poland. He has written many television scripts; a film, "The Primitives"; and a stage play, "From The Ashes of Thebes".
Farhi's essay, "The Courage To Forget", appeared in "Index on Censorship" (Vol.24, No.2, 2005). "God Save Us From Religion", is included in the collection, "Free Expression is No Offence" (edited by Lisa Appignanesi, published by Penguin Books, 2005). "All History is the History of Migration", given at the “Know Your Place?” Conference in November 2005, was also published by Index on Censorship in 2006. Farhi's works have been translated into Arabic, Dutch, French, Galician, German, Greek, Hebrew, Italian, Polish, Romanian and Turkish. 
Farhi has donated part of his personal library, consisting over 19.000 books, to Boğaziçi University. 
For over twenty-five years Farhi has campaigned, from the ranks of English PEN Writers in Prison Committee (WiPC), for writers persecuted and/or imprisoned by repressive regimes. Between 1994-1997, he served as Chair of the English WiPC; and between 1997–2000, as Chair of International P.E.N.’s Writers in Prison Committee. In November 2001, he was elected a Vice President of International PEN. He was appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in June 16, 2001, in the Queen’s Birthday Honours List, for services to literature. He is a Fellow of both The Royal Society of Literature and The Royal Geographical Society. 
Farhi also briefly worked on the BBC science fiction adventure TV series Doctor Who during its early stages of production in 1963.
Farhi was married to the late Nina Farhi (née Gould), a psychoanalytic psychotherapist, and has a stepdaughter, Rachel Sievers, a speech therapist. He is related to the late prominent businessman Üzeyir Garih and is the cousin of fashion designer Nicole Farhi.

</doc>
<doc id="5909256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909256" title="Charles Pierre Chapsal">
Charles Pierre Chapsal

Charles Pierre Chapsal (1787–1858) was a French grammarian, editor of the Classics and a founding member in 1821 of the Société de Géographie.
Chapsal was born in Paris and taught at the Collège Louis-le-Grand. His principal work was his "Nouvelle Grammaire Française" in which he collaborated with François-Joseph-Michel Noël. The work was more complete and more logical than the previous standard grammar of Charles François Lhomond; it first appeared in 1823, and by the time of the author's death it had passed through more than forty editions, eighty by 1889.
On the proceeds of his early labour, Chapsal was able to retire to the Château de Polangis, near Joinville-le-Pont, where he became a benefactor of the commune and mayor 1843-48, 1850-58. He died in Paris in 1858 and bequeathed a sum of 80,000 francs to be distributed in the banlieues of Paris.
Translations were printed in the United States, by Moss (Philadelphia, 1878) and an abridgment based on the authors' own, which had been published in 1826, by Lockwood (New York, 1869).

</doc>
<doc id="5909258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909258" title="Nirvana – A Classic Album Under Review – In Utero">
Nirvana – A Classic Album Under Review – In Utero

Nirvana – A Classic Album Under Review – In Utero (also known as "Nirvana's In Utero") is a 2006 music documentary released exclusively to DVD dealing with grunge band Nirvana's third studio album, "In Utero". The film purports to offer a "rare insight" into the influential music group, and consists of live and studio performances by Nirvana, interspersed with interviews with the band and with music industry notables and experts. It was released on November 21, 2006, and has a running time of 70 minutes.
The film is narrated by Tony Ponfret and produced by Thomas Walker. Those interviewed include Nirvana's original drummer Chad Channing, Kurt Cobain's biographer Charles R. Cross, and music producer Jack Endino. The DVD also include biographies of the contributors, an interactive Nirvana quiz, and a two minute bonus discussion of the "Unplugged in New York" album.
The DVD received generally negative reviews. Popmatters.com said, "That the album warrants a focused discussion on its creation and impact, both at the time and ongoing, is without debate," but felt that it was "surprising and disappointing" that the collected critics and writers found "so little new to say about the band and their work". It was criticized for its poor choice in people interviewed (mainly British musicians and journalists with little connection to Nirvana).
Record Collector Magazine also felt that "In Utero’s legacy as Kurt Cobain’s final work" represented "an ideal topic for a classic album study", but complained that "as the album edges into more abrasive territory with Milk It and Tourettes, the review glosses over them abruptly", and said that the DVD was "essentially only of Biography Channel standard".
Chris Akin of Blogcritics.com was more appreciative and said that the documentary "paints picture of Nirvana's historic rise and tragic fall with a clarity and lack of bias that most of the others can't seem to muster."

</doc>
<doc id="5909265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909265" title="Jayanthi (actress)">
Jayanthi (actress)

Jayanthi (born around 1945) is an Indian actress. She has appeared in over 500 films, including films in the Kannada, Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam, Hindi and Marathi languages. Kannada film industry honored her with the title "Abhinaya Shaarade" meaning Goddess Sharada in acting.
Early life.
Jayanthi was born in Bellary. Her maiden name before she came to films was Kamala Kumari. Her father Balasubramanyam worked as English professor at the St Joseph's College in Bangalore. Her mother was Santhanalakshmi. Jayanthi was the eldest of three siblings and had two younger brothers.
Jayanthi's childhood was never smooth. Her parents separated when she was young and her mother took the children and moved to Madras. Jayanthi's mother was keen on making her daughter a classical dancer and hence she joined a dance school run by Chandrakala. Her friend in dance school was the famous Tamil actress Manorama.
As a child, Jayanthi went to the studios to see her idol N T Rama Rao. He called her and made her sit on his lap. Affectionately he had asked her whether she would agree to become his heroine and the little girl had merely blushed. The pair would go on later in life to produce successful films such as "Jagadeka Veeruni Katha", "Kula Gowravam", "Kondaveeti Simham" and "Justice Chowdhury".
Jayanthi was ridiculed most of the times as she was plump and could never dance well. During her teens she had the chance to act in a few Tamil and Telugu movies in bit parts. On one such occasion (as Jayanthi remembered in one of her interviews) the great Telugu actress Savitri was upset with newcomer Jayanthi who could not convincingly narrate a few Tamil dialogues. She stormed out of the sets saying that the director had brought in people who hardly knew acting or the language. Jayanthi was shattered after the episode but promised herself that one day she would prove her worth. She enjoyed a good run in the Kannada Film industry and formed very good pair with the famous actor and doyen of Kannada Cinema Dr.Rajkumar, with whom she acted in more than 30 movies.
Jayanthi's life changed completely when noted Kannada director Y R Swamy spotted her during one of her dance rehearsals. He brought her to Kannada films such as "Jenu Goodu". He also changed her name to Jayanthi.
Rise to fame.
"Jeenu Goodu" was Jayanthi's first Kannada film. She was married to Film Director Peketi Sivaram. He backed her all the way and very soon she became a famous actress in Kannada. She acted alongside veterans like Dr.KS Ashwath and Pandari Bai. Incidentally this was actress Chandrakala's first film as well. "Jenu Goodu" was a commercial success. Her next major film was T V Singh Thakur's "Chandavalliya Thota". The film starred veteran actors Uday Kumar, Dr.Rajkumar and Jayashree. This was the first film that paired Raj and Jayanthi. Based on Ta Ra Su's novel by the same name, "Chandavalliya Thota" was a huge success and even won the President's Medal for best film. Jayanthi in one of her interviews fondly remembered an incident during the shooting of this film. During a particular scene Jayanthi's character dies and Uday Kumar has to fall on her to cry. Uday Kumar was so engrossed in his acting that he had forgotten that he had put his whole body weight on the young girl Jayanthi, who was yelling in pain and asking him to get up.
The next major film that Jayanthi starred in was "Miss Leelavathi". This film was released in the mid-60's and directed by M R Vittal. "Miss Leelavathi" was a very bold film for its time and Jayanthi played the title role. The story is about the influence of bad parenting on young Leelavathi's mind. She is the darling of her father (Ashwath) who supports her in all her endeavours. Leelavathi grows up to be rebel in the house and stands up against the conventional values of life. She refuses marriage, wishes to be a career-oriented women and has a care-free attitude towards premarital sex. Unfortunately she pays for the consequences.
"Miss Leelavathi" had a very bold theme considering the fact that it was made at a time when the film industry was very conservative. Jayanthi was launched as the glamour-diva through the film and she was at her best. This was probably the first Kannada film to show-case a heroine's glamour. The film was a huge success and catapulted Jayanthi to fame. Jayanthi for the first time in Kannada film history wore skirts, T-shirts and even a nightie on screen. She is credited for introducing most of the modern day outfits onto the Kannada screen for the first time. She also wore a swimsuit for the film, which the producers' first choice for the role had refused to do. Miss Leelavathi had some of the lovely songs like "Nodu ba nodu ba nammoora" and Kuvempu's classic "Doni Saagali". "Miss Leelavathi" got Jayanthi the President's award. Jayanthi fondly remembered the occasion in one of her interviews when she received the award from Smt Indira Gandhi (then IB Minister). Mrs Gandhi after giving away the award called back Jayanthi and gave her a sweet kiss and wished her good luck. She has also acted in numerous films with Kalyan kumar. In Tamil She acted with all major stars. She was director K. Balachander's most sought after actress and they went on to work in numerous films.
In 2009, she gave her voice to an HIV/AIDS education animated software tutorial created by the nonprofit organization TeachAIDS.

</doc>
<doc id="5909269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909269" title="Max Ward (drummer)">
Max Ward (drummer)

Max Ward, occasionally playing under the moniker of "Hirax Max", is an influential figure in power violence and thrashcore, playing for such bands as Spazz, Plutocracy, Capitalist Casualties, What Happens Next?, Bombs of Death, and Scholastic Deth. He is also known for his extreme support of the D.I.Y. scene, having released records and booked tours for hundreds of local, national, and international bands, while still living in the Bay Area.
Ward is the founder of 625 Thrashcore Records. He is currently an Assistant Professor of History at Middlebury College.
External links.
compiled interviews, including from Maximum Rock N' Roll

</doc>
<doc id="5909273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909273" title="Yemelyan Danilov">
Yemelyan Danilov

Yemelyan Danilov () (1627–1654) was a Russian bellmaker.
Yemelyan Danilov was born to a famous family of Muscovite bellmakers, the progenitor of which was Danila Matveyev. The latter was an apprentice to Kirill Samoylov, who, in turn, had once been a student of Andrey Chokhov. Danila Matveyev cast his first bells in 1622 and would receive an honorary title of "tsar's bellmaker" (государев колокольных дел мастер). The information about Danila Matveyev's career is rather scarse. It is known that he and his son Yemelyan Danilov cast a 700-pood (11,500 kg) bell for the Ipatiev Monastery in Kostroma in 1647. In 1651, Danila and Yemelyan began preparations for the recasting of the 800-pood (13,100 kg) Resurrection Bell (Воскресный колокол) for the Assumption belltower of the Moscow Kremlin. Danila could not finish this assignment due to his death that same year.
After the tsar had chosen him over a German bellmaker Hans Falk, Yemelyan Danilov continued his father's work and finished casting the Resurrection Bell in 1652. The bell weighed 998 poods (16,350 kg) and was used until 1782, when it would be recast by Yakov Zavyalov into a new 1017-pood (16,660 kg) bell. This new bell rang until the early 20th century and then cracked. In the 1930s, it was taken down by the Soviets and melted. 
In 1652, tsar Alexei Mikhailovich ordered Yemelyan Danilov to cast a new 8,000-pood (130 tonne) bell instead of the broken Big Assumption Bell made by Andrey Chokhov. Danilov cast the bell in 1654, but it would be cracked in less than a year during festivities when it was still being refined. However, Yemelyan Danilov didn't live to see this day. He died during the outbreak of bubonic plague in Moscow in the summer of 1654. 
Only two bells by Yemelyan Danilov survived to this day. One of them is a beautiful 60-pood (980 kg) bell (now in the Kolomenskoye museum), cast in 1648. The second 80-pood (1,300 kg) bell called "Баран" (Ram) (cast in 1654) still hangs on a famous belltower of the Rostov kremlin. 
Yemelyan Danilov is also known to have been a protege of a young bellmaker Alexander Grigoriev, who would be accepted to the Cannon Yard on his guarantee.

</doc>
<doc id="5909274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909274" title="Am I Going Insane (Radio)">
Am I Going Insane (Radio)

Am I Going Insane (Radio) is a single by the band Black Sabbath on the 1975 album "Sabotage". Although common conception is that the suffix "Radio" was said to be added to the title because it was made for the purpose of being played on the radio, drummer Bill Ward said that it was Cockney rhyming slang for "mental"; radio-rental. Critics also have said it was ironic that all the members of Black Sabbath except for Tony Iommi later suffered from clinical depression.
Disappointments within the band and reception.
Although happy with most of the songs on Sabotage, lead singer Ozzy Osbourne did not like the responses he got with "Am I Going Insane (Radio)" or "Supertzar." Due to Osbourne's implication that the two tracks in particular were distractions on what would otherwise be a perfect album. AllMusic reviewers claimed that the song was unrecognizable for Black Sabbath and that it was a reckless attempt to change the band's identity. Despite Osbourne's feeling towards the song and negative reviews its popularity caused it to appear as the only track from Sabotage on Sabbath's greatest hits album "We Sold Our Soul for Rock 'n' Roll".
Track listing.
A.Am I Going Insane (Radio) - 4:17 
B.Hole in the Sky - 4:00

</doc>
<doc id="5909289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909289" title="Les Ténèbres du Dehors">
Les Ténèbres du Dehors

Les Ténèbres du Dehors is an album by neoclassical band Elend. It is the second in the "Officium Tenebrarum" trilogy.
The album was remastered and re-released in April 2001 with a bonus track called "Birds of Dawn" (originally on a Holy Records sampler) with a red-tinted cover, instead of the original blue.
Musicians.
All instruments and vocals performed by Nathalie Barbary, Eve Gabrielle Siskind, Iskandar Hasnawi and Renaud Tschirner.

</doc>
<doc id="5909296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909296" title="Broadway Bill">
Broadway Bill

Broadway Bill is an American horse-racing - comedy film from 1934, directed by Frank Capra and starring Warner Baxter and Myrna Loy. In the UK the film was released as Strictly Confidential. Capra disliked the final product, and in an effort to make it more to his liking, he remade it in 1950 as "Riding High".
In later years, the distributor of "Riding High", Paramount Pictures, acquired the rights to "Broadway Bill". 
Plot.
An heiress and her brother-in-law form a team to race his horse, Broadway Bill.

</doc>
<doc id="5909302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909302" title="Grabow">
Grabow

Grabow () is a town in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the river Elde, 7 km (4.35 mi) southeast of Ludwigslust, and 34 km (21.12 mi) northwest of Wittenberge.
It is twinned with Whitstable, in Kent.
History.
The name Grabow is of Slavic Polabian origin, "grab" means "hornbeam". Names with this root occur often in Mecklenburg. It was only slightly changed as "Grabowe" (1186, 1252, 1275) and "Grabow" (1189, 1298). Pope Urban III. mentions castle Grabow for the first time in a letter from February 23, 1186. The city received city law in 1252 from the Count of Dannenberg. On 3 June 1725 the city was destroyed by a great fire. The palace was never rebuilt. At least since the 18th century there were Jews in the city, who left behind a synagogue and a cemetery. Both of them were damaged during the Kristallnacht.
The historical center of Grabow is distinguished by its close core of timber-framed houses of the 18th century.
Otto Plath, the father of Sylvia Plath, immigrated from Grabow to America.

</doc>
<doc id="5909310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909310" title="Five Songs and a Cover">
Five Songs and a Cover

Five Songs and a Cover (A.K.A. "4 Stars") is an EP released by the Foo Fighters in 2005. Released on November 20, 2005, it was exclusively distributed to Best Buy retail stores.
The EP is a collection of b-sides that come from the band's 2005 album, "In Your Honor". The title simply refers to the fact that it contains five songs, and a cover song. The cover song is of Cream's song, "I Feel Free", which features drummer Taylor Hawkins on vocals, and lead vocalist Dave Grohl providing the drums. One song on the album, "Skin and Bones" was released as a b-side to "DOA" but became a major part of the Foo Fighters acoustic shows.
Track listing.
All songs by Grohl, Hawkins, Mendel and Shiflett, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5909311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909311" title="Spunk (play)">
Spunk (play)

Spunk is a play by American playwright George C. Wolfe and is an adaptation of three stories by Zora Neale Hurston. Wolfe won a 1989 Obie award for best off-Broadway director for Spunk.

</doc>
<doc id="5909312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909312" title="Fortune Cookie (disambiguation)">
Fortune Cookie (disambiguation)

Fortune Cookie, Fortune Cookies, or The Fortune Cookie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909325" title="Fizzies">
Fizzies

Fizzies are tablets that create a soft drink when added to water.
History.
Origin.
Lem Billings, a friend of President John F. Kennedy, invented the idea for Emerson Drug Company, manufacturer of Bromo-Seltzer, by adding a fruit flavor that children liked. Once perfected, Emerson named the creation Fizzies. The tablet was dropped into a glass of water, then fizzed and dissolved, creating a sweet, effervescent drink. Fizzies were first introduced by Emerson on a regional basis in July 1957. In 1962, the Emerson Drug Company was acquired by Warner–Lambert, which sold the product nationally that same year. In the 1950s and 1960s Fizzies came in seven flavors: grape, orange, cherry, lemon-lime, strawberry, root beer, and cola. Fizzies' sales grew both nationally and internationally until 1968, achieving more than double the sales volume of Kool-Aid.
The successful beverage became a cultural icon of its time. In the motion picture "National Lampoon's Animal House", set in 1962, Dean Wormer reads a list of pranks committed by members of the Delta House fraternity, which included dumping an entire truckload of Fizzies into a swimming pool during a varsity meet.
Later history.
The product's ingredients changed over time and as various artificial sweeteners were banned by the FDA. At various times it was sweetened with cyclamates and saccharin. At one point the directions instructed children to add sugar and ice. In the early seventies, the manufacturer finally concluded that it would not be able to make a version that was both legal and sufficiently palatable to be profitable, and so discontinued the product.
After the introduction of NutraSweet, the brand was resurrected by Premiere Innovations, Inc. in the mid-1990s but its availability was short-lived and the company disappeared. Premiere Innovations, Inc. marketed Fizzies as "Instant Sparkling Drink Tablets" that were "also great in milk", "only 10 calories" and "Vitamin C enriched".
The Fizzies brand reappeared in the 2000s. Currently owned and manufactured by Amerilab Technologies in Plymouth, Minnesota, Fizzies Drink Tablets are available in candy stores and through online retailers. As of 2012, Fizzies are available in nine flavors: lemonade, root beer, cherry, orange, blue razz, hot cocoa, hot apple cider, cherry cola, and grape. They are marketed as a nostalgic drink to the baby boomer generation and as a fun way for kids to make their own flavorful drinks. In this present incarnation, the product has 5 calories, is sweetened with sucralose, and contains Vitamin C in the form of ascorbic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="5909338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909338" title="Tim Phillips (cricketer)">
Tim Phillips (cricketer)

Timothy James Phillips (born March 13, 1981) is an English cricketer who was educated at Felsted. He is a left-handed batsman and a slow left-arm bowler. He has played for Essex since the age of 18.
Phillips usually bats at around 7/8/9 for Essex and has been known to rescue his team from ominous situations with useful scores. His bowling is slow left arm orthodox. He struggled to make his name a permanent fixture on the Essex teamsheet between his debut in 1999 and 2010 due to the presence of Pakistani legspinner Danish Kaneria for six of those years. However, in the 2011 season, following Kaneria's departure, Phillips looks to have gained an Essex starting place in all forms of the game, a fact outlined by the fact that Essex chose not to sign another spinner to replace Kaneria. Tim Phillips is also a very capable fielder. He often fields at either third slip or gully, and very rarely drops catches.
Phillips famously bowled Kevin Pietersen, playing his first home game for Hampshire, for a five-ball duck. More recently, Phillips has taken part in the Twenty20 Cup, turning in some sturdy bowling performances and employing clever technique, helping his team reach the semi-final stage for the first time.
Phillips claimed man of the match in the Twenty 20 quarter final with figures of 2-11, taking Essex through to finals day for the first time ever. In 2009 Phillips returned to the squad having undergone surgery on his knee, to take another Man of the Match award for his 5-38 and 41 runs in the Pro 40 clash with Somerset.

</doc>
<doc id="5909339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909339" title="Electronic discovery">
Electronic discovery

Electronic discovery (or "e-discovery" or "ediscovery") refers to discovery in civil litigation or government investigations which deals with the exchange of information in electronic format (often referred to as electronically stored information or ESI). These data are subject to local rules and agreed-upon processes, and are often reviewed for privilege and relevance before being turned over to opposing counsel.
Data are identified as potentially relevant by attorneys and placed on legal hold. Evidence is then extracted and analyzed using digital forensic procedures, and is reviewed using a document review platform. Documents can be reviewed either as native files or after a conversion to PDF or TIFF form. A document review platform is useful for its ability to aggregate and search large quantities of ESI.
Electronic information is considered different from paper information because of its intangible form, volume, transience and persistence. Electronic information is usually accompanied by metadata that is not found in paper documents and that can play an important part as evidence (for example the date and time a document was written could be useful in a copyright case). The preservation of metadata from electronic documents creates special challenges to prevent spoliation.
In the United States, electronic discovery was the subject of amendments to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (FRCP), effective December 1, 2006, as amended to December 1, 2010. In addition, state law now frequently also addresses issues relating to electronic discovery. Other jurisdictions around the world also have rules relating to electronic discovery, including Part 31 of the Civil Procedure Rules in England and Wales.
Individuals working in the field of electronic discovery commonly refer to the field as Litigation Support.
Stages of process.
Identification.
The identification phase is when potentially responsive documents are identified for further analysis and review. Custodians who are in possession of potentially relevant information or documents are identified. To ensure a complete identification of data sources, data mapping techniques are often employed. Since the scope of data can be overwhelming in this phase, attempts are made to reduce the overall scope during this phase - such as limiting the identification of documents to a certain date range or search term(s) to avoid an overly burdensome request.
Preservation.
During preservation, data identified as potentially relevant is placed in a legal hold. This ensures that data cannot be destroyed. Care is taken to ensure this process is defensible, while the end-goal is to reduce the possibility of data spoliation or destruction.
Collection.
Once documents have been preserved, collection can begin. Collection is the transfer of data from a company to their legal counsel, who will determine relevance and disposition of data. Some companies that deal with frequent litigation have software in place to quickly place legal holds on certain custodians when an event (such as legal notice) is triggered and begin the collection process immediately. Other companies may need to call in a digital forensics expert to prevent the spoliation of data. The size and scale of this collection is determined by the identification phase.
Processing.
During the processing phase, native files are prepared to be loaded into a document review platform. Often, this phase also involves the extraction of text and metadata from the native files. Various data culling techniques are employed during this phase, such as deduplication and de-NISTing. Sometimes native files will be converted to a petrified, paper-like format (such as PDF or TIFF) at this stage, to allow for easier redaction and bates-labeling.
Modern processing tools can also employ advanced analytic tools to help document review attorneys more accurately identify potentially relevant documents.
Review.
During the review phase, documents are reviewed for responsiveness to discovery requests and for privilege. Different document review platforms can assist in many tasks related to this process, including the rapid identification of potentially relevant documents, and the culling of documents according to various criteria (such as keyword, date range, etc.). Most review tools also make it easy for large groups of document review attorneys to work on cases, featuring collaborative tools and batches to speed up the review process and eliminate work duplication.
Production.
Documents are turned over to opposing counsel, based on agreed-upon specifications. Often this production is accompanied by a load file, which is used to load documents into a document review platform. Documents can be produced either as native files, or in a petrified format (such as PDF or TIFF), alongside metadata.
Types of ESI.
Any data that is stored in an electronic form may be subject to production under common eDiscovery rules. This type of data has historically included email and office documents, but can also include photos, video, databases, and other filetypes. 
Also included in e-discovery is "raw data", which Forensic Investigators can review for hidden evidence. The original file format is known as the "native" format. Litigators may review material from e-discovery in one of several formats: printed paper, "native file,", or a petrified, paper-like format, such as PDF files or TIFF images. Modern document review platforms accommodate the use of native files, and allow for them to be converted to TIFF and bates-stamped for use in court.
Electronic messages.
In 2006, the U.S. Supreme Court's amendments to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure created a category for electronic records that, for the first time, explicitly named emails and instant message chats as likely records to be archived and produced when relevant.
One type of preservation problem arose during the Zubulake v. UBS Warburg LLC lawsuit. Throughout the case, the plaintiff claimed that the evidence needed to prove the case existed in emails stored on UBS' own computer systems. Because the emails requested were either never found or destroyed, the court found that it was more likely that they existed than not. The court found that while the corporation's counsel directed that all potential discovery evidence, including emails, be preserved, the staff that the directive applied to did not follow through. This resulted in significant sanctions against UBS.
Some archiving systems apply a unique code to each archived message or chat to establish authenticity. The systems prevent alterations to original messages, messages cannot be deleted, and the messages cannot be accessed by unauthorized persons.
The formalized changes to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure in December 2006 and in 2007 effectively forced civil litigants into a compliance mode with respect to their proper retention and management of electronically stored information (ESI). Improper management of ESI can result in a finding of spoliation of evidence and the imposition of one or more sanctions including an adverse inference jury instructions, summary judgement, monetary fines, and other sanctions. In some cases, such as Qualcomm v Broadcom, attorneys can be brought before the bar and risk their livelihood.
Databases and other structured data.
Structured data typically resides in databases or datasets. It is organized in tables with columns and rows along with defined data types. The most common are Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS) that are capable of handling large volumes of data such as Oracle, IBM DB2, Microsoft SQL Server, Sybase, and Teradata. The structured data domain also includes spreadsheets (not all spreadsheets contain structured data, but those that have data organized in database-like tables), desktop databases like FileMaker Pro and Microsoft Access, structured flat files, xml pages, data marts, data warehouses, etc.
Voicemail.
Voicemail is often discoverable under electronic discovery rules. Employers may have a duty to retain voicemail if there is an anticipation of litigation involving that employee.
Reporting formats.
Although petrifying documents to static image formats (tiff & jpeg) had become the standard document review method for almost two decades, native format review has increased in popularity as a method for document review since around 2004. Because it requires the review of documents in their original file formats, applications and toolkits capable of opening multiple file formats have also become popular. This is also true in the ECM (Electronic Content Management) storage markets which are converging quickly with ESI technologies. 
Petrification involves the conversion of native files into an image format that does not require use of the native applications. This is useful in the redaction of privileged or sensitive information, since redaction tools for images are traditionally more mature, and easier to apply on uniform image types. Efforts to redact similarly petrified PDF files have resulted in the removal of redacted layers and exposure of redacted information, such as social security numbers and other private information.
Traditionally, electronic discovery vendors had been contracted to convert native files into TIFF images (for example 10 images for a 10 page Microsoft Word document) with a load file for use in image-based discovery review database applications. Increasingly, database review applications have embedded native file viewers with TIFF-capabilities. With both native and image file capabilities, it could either increase or decrease the total necessary storage, since there may be multiple formats and files associated with each individual native file. Deployment, storage, and best practices are becoming especially critical and necessary to maintain cost-effective strategies.
Structured data are most often produced in delimited text format. When the number of tables subject to discovery is large or relationships between the tables are of essence, the data are produced in native database format or as a database backup file.
Common issues.
A number of different people may be involved in an electronic discovery project: lawyers for both parties, forensic specialists, IT managers, and records managers, amongst others. Forensic examination often uses specialized terminology (for example "image" refers to the acquisition of digital media) which can lead to confusion.
While attorneys involved in case litigation try their best to understand the companies and organization they represent, they may fail to understand the policies and practices that are in place in the company's IT department. As a result, some data may be destroyed "after" a legal hold has been issued by unknowing technicians performing their regular duties. To combat this trend, many companies are deploying software which properly preserves data across the network, preventing inadvertent data spoliation.
Given the complexities of modern litigation and the wide variety of information systems on the market, electronic discovery often requires IT professionals from both the attorney's office (or vendor) and the parties to the litigation to communicate directly to address technology incompatibilities and agree on production formats. Failure to get expert advice from knowledgeable personnel often leads to additional time and unforeseen costs in acquiring new technology or adapting existing technologies to accommodate the collected data.
Emerging trends.
The convergence of information governance and electronic discovery.
Anecdotal evidence for this emerging trend points to the business value of Information governance (IG), defined by Gartner as "the specification of decision rights and an accountability framework to encourage desirable behavior in the valuation, creation, storage, use, archival, and deletion of information. It includes the processes, roles, standards, and metrics that ensure the effective and efficient use of information in enabling an organization to achieve its goals." 
As compared to eDiscovery, information governance as a discipline is rather new. Yet there is traction for convergence. eDiscovery — as a multi-billion dollar industry — is rapidly evolving, ready to embrace optimized solutions that strengthen cybersecurity (for cloud computing). Since the early 2000s eDiscovery practitioners have developed skills and techniques that can be applied to information governance. Organizations can apply the lessons learned from eDiscovery to accelerate their path forward to a sophisticated information governance framework.

</doc>
<doc id="5909351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909351" title="Grafenau, Bavaria">
Grafenau, Bavaria

Grafenau is a town in the Freyung-Grafenau district, in Bavaria, Germany. 32 km north of Passau, the town is situated in the Bavarian Forest and is the base of the Bavarian Forest National Park Authority. Grafenau is a holiday destination with a variety of kinds of accommodation from self-catering apartments to a "holiday village".
Location and facilities.
The town lies in the Bavarian Forest at a height between 600 and 700 meters over sea level, right beside the Bavarian Forest National Park. The Kleine Ohe river flows along the east and south of the town. 
In April 1945, Major General Stafford LeRoy Irwin opened his XII Corps Headquarters there.
Since 1976 there has been an artificial lake (surrounded by a park) which is used for sport and recreation.
There are museums about the town and surrounding area, including a museum with a collection of traditional furniture, and also a museum about snuff.
The town has curling and ice skating rinks (which are seasonal), and ski drag lifts in an area which in summer months is used for bobsleds. There is also a golf course.
There is a Catholic church, a railway terminus, and a bus station, in addition to a range of hotels, shops, and garage facilities for motorists.

</doc>
<doc id="5909363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909363" title="Fern Holland">
Fern Holland

Fern Leona Holland (August 5, 1970 – March 9, 2004) was an American lawyer who was killed in the Iraq conflict that began in 2003. Holland died on March 9, 2004 while working for the Coalition Provisional Authority (CPA) in Iraq. 
Professional work.
Holland was born in Oklahoma in 1970. In 1996, she graduated from the University of Tulsa College of Law. After graduation, she worked at two law firms in Tulsa before joining the Peace Corps and traveling to Namibia.
In July 2003, Fern was hired by the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to investigate human rights abuses under Saddam Hussein's regime. She was part of that agency’s Abuse Prevention Unit, whose purpose is to protect victims of abuse occurring during times of war or conflict. At the conclusion of her tour with USAID, she was retained by the Coalition Provisional Authority to help Iraqis establish a democratic form of government.
Death.
Holland, American press officer Robert J. Zangas, and their Iraqi translator Salwa Ourmashi were shot in their car on a road near Karbala on March 9, 2004. Their killers wore Iraqi police uniforms. According to reports, she and Zangas were the first American civilians working for the CPA to be killed in Iraq, "The New York Times Magazine" reports interviews indicate she was intentionally targeted for murder by those threatened by her empowerment of women; these interviews also reflect that for many CPA staff this was a turning point in the war when Western civilians could no longer travel without guns.
In 2006, the "New York Times" reported that federal investigators are investigating what happened to hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash issued by American authorities to Ms. Holland and Robert Zangas. American investigators are trying to determine whether that money was stolen as part of a web of bribery, kickbacks, theft and conspiracy that they have laid out in a series of indictments and court papers. No suspicion for the missing money has fallen on Ms. Holland or Mr. Zangas. Investigators tracing the flow of the cash to Ms. Holland and Mr. Zangas are looking at the possibility that others took advantage of the deaths to steal additional money. 
Legacy.
The novel "Florence of Arabia" by Christopher Buckley includes an homage to Holland in its acknowledgments.
In 2005, Holland was named Oklahoman of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="5909364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909364" title="Santo Spirito">
Santo Spirito

Santo Spirito can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909367" title="Istanbul Blues Company">
Istanbul Blues Company

Istanbul Blues Company (İstanbul Blues Kumpanyası in Turkish, or referred as IBC hereafter) is a blues band from Turkey. They're often referred as "The Original Turkish Blues Band". They bring the blues sound to their national melodies, harvesting both to put together a unique and plausible sound.
History.
IBC was found in October 1993, as the ever and the last "string band" oriented band of Turkey; by Sarp Keskiner (vocal, guitar, harmonica, mandolin, washtub bass, banjo, foamboard, shaker) and Salih Nazım Peker (vocal, mandolin, banjo, baglama), both being the band's founding and mentor members. The first album, "Roots" was released in 10 October 1996 (Ada Muzik). IBC enjoyed the vast repertoire of traditional blues of late 30's to late 50's; by covering many blues standards but always being keen to blend acoustic rural blues with a slight touch of Turkish baglama music's essential ingredients. Also in 1997, IBC turned out the be the main base for some vitalising folk-blues projects like Tuzlu Nehir (Salty River), Mama & Friends and Mardi Gras; on which each of them did perform tracks from masters like Blind Willie Johnson, Blind Blake, Fred McDowell, Mahalia Jackson, Leadbelly, etc... 
During the "revival movement of Istanbul Underground" circa 1998-9, the band was a unique and leading voice in Turkish underground music community by addition of Orcun Basturk (vocals, drums, objects, gongs, bells) from Replikas, besides other bands like Baba Zula, Nekropsi and Replikas; but modelling Alexis Korner's Blues Inc. to host various musicians without any hesitation to launch a "completely free line up" motto; as whomever did practice any kind of blues, gospel, Cajun, acoustic, electronica, collective improvisation and Anatolian psychedelic rock were very welcome to the line up within Turkish boundaries; until their "farewell tour" in May 2000, just after releasing their second album "Sair Zamanlar (Other Times)" in 7 January 1999 by Doublemoon Records. 
During 1997 - 2000; IBC line ups recruited numerous musicians, who'd later rule Turkish jazz, Latin, punk, blues, post rock or pop rock arenas, nationally or internationally; circa 2000 and 2010.
Some examples are featured on their latest and updated Myspace pages:
[http://www.myspace.com/ibk1997] (circa 1997-8)
[http://www.myspace.com/sairzamanlar] (circa 1998-2000) 
Keskiner joined the first and last electric Chicago style blues band in Turkey in 1996; Moe Joe, which was founded by Vefa Karatay (bass) and Feramerz Ayadi (guitar) in 1994; also bringing names like İlhan Babaoglu (tenor and alto saxophone) and Tugrul Aray (harmonica, flute, tenor saxophone) from IBC's latest line up to Moe Joe's. After countless gigs and tours and festivals; since 1996, Moe Joe still runs the show as a quartet, but without Babaoglu and Aray. In 1999, Keskiner founded Kirika with Salih Peker and Orcun Basturk of IBC: and he was the founder member - producer - composer of Saska (2000–2004): [http://www.saska.com/sokkursaska
"Sweet Mother Nature's Child" (Chris Chavez, 1999), 
"Sair Zamanlar" (IBC, 1999)
"Chicago Istanbul Mainline" (Moe Joe, 2000)
"Sokkur Saska" (Saska, 2004): [http://www.myspace.com/sokkursaska] 
"Yuri Skies" (Sarp Keskiner, Erdem Helvacioglu, Umut Caglar, Ozun Usta, 2009: [http://www.konstruk-t.com] 
"The Great Republic of Southernsides" (The Great Republic of Southernsides, 2010)
www.sweetpapalowdown.com: Live recordings 2002-10
Line-up.
KOKLER (THE ROOTS, 1996)
SAIR ZAMANLAR (OTHER TIMES, 1999)

</doc>
<doc id="5909369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909369" title="Writ (disambiguation)">
Writ (disambiguation)

Writ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909376" title="St Francis of Assisi Catholic Technology College">
St Francis of Assisi Catholic Technology College

St. Francis of Assisi Catholic Technology College is a mixed secondary school in Walsall, England, previously known as St Francis of Assisi RC School, until it was renamed in September 2003.
Rebuilt.
Its initial capital grant was spent on developing its e-Learning Centre which opened its doors in June 2004. Together with grants from Thomas Telford School, the Wolfson Foundation and contributions from friends, family and the Parish, it was able to develop four e-Learning Suites, two offices and a Conference Suite. These are fully utilised by students to enhance their learning across the curriculum. More recently the school has seen considerable expansion, a £4 million new build was completed in September 2006; with new DT rooms, new science rooms, new maths rooms, new English rooms, new MFL rooms, and a new administration block.
Student council.
The college student body is involved in decision-making and fund raising. The college has a strong prefectoral system; student leaders wear yellow ties, while members of the school council wear brown ties to mark their position. The student council is chaired by the sixth-form elected Head Boy and Head Girl who together with their deputies are in charge of coordinating their year group and the rest of the school.
Education.
The college regularly hosts training courses for Serco Learning (Facility CMIS), Varndean College e-Learning and other organisations. Other aspects of community outreach include hosting cross-curricular technology events for Year 5 pupils from local feeder schools, ICT training courses for the local community in the evening, Gifted and Talented events for Year 6 pupils and membership of the National ICT Register amongst other things.
Technology status.
Technology status has enabled the College to equip the Science Department with 20 laptop computers for use within the laboratory, including data loggings, and rallens. The design and technology department has benefitted from upgraded rooms including four rooms with ICT facilities. There is a school-wide wireless network with connectivity in all existing classrooms. Most classrooms now have interactive whiteboards, and together with a carefully planned procurement of interactive software they are engaging students more within lessons.
Charity events.
The school hosts annual charity events, with the sixth form hosting a Breast Cancer Awareness Week raising funds for the charity. In December 2009 a pupil at the school organized a shoe box appeal for the Armed Forces of Great Britain. This was a success as it was the first year that the school had ever raised money or awareness for the S.O.S (Support our Soldiers) charity. The school supported the charity by creating over 100 care parcels and raised money for the soldiers at work around the world.
Motto.
The college's motto is 'nil satis optimum'...The literal translation of the motto is: 'There is no sufficient best'. The school's justification for the motto's diminished meaning through translation is that it works as a two-fold translation: "Only your best is good enough", gives us further challenge - our task here, whether pupil or staff, is to improve the level of our best effort. If we work at our best, but do nothing to improve on it, what do we gain?"

</doc>
<doc id="5909383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909383" title="Marcel Schlutt">
Marcel Schlutt

Marcel Schlutt (born 1 August 1977) is a German fashion model, photographer and columnist. He came to prominence as a television presenter and adult-film actor in gay pornography in the early 2000s.
Early life.
Schlutt, the only child of a farrier, was born in the Demmin district of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, East Germany, but spent most of his youth in Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia after the German reunification in 1989. Raised on a stud farm with about sixhundred horses, he became infatuated with equestrian sports at an early age of four, winning several prizes. Following his Mittlere Reife graduation, he moved to Münster where he started first training as a qualified horse groom. 
Career.
At the age of 18, Schlutt was asked to model for Cologne photographer TeeJott. He appeared in a number of illustrated books, "even naked, with a hard-on, and took delight in ." In 1998, Schlutt participated in a local modeling contest and finished first. As the new face of the "So Dam Tuff" agency, he was requested to live in London and Madrid while working as a professional model for fashion labels such as Paul Smith, The Face, Levis, New Yorker, and H&M.
After his return home in 2001, Schlutt worked as a presenter on pay-TV network Premiere, hosting erotic softcore TV shows such as "SexyGayplaces.tv" and "Backstage - Das Magazin" on adult channel Beate Uhse TV between 2002 and 2004. Having previously appeared in a few minor roles on BBC and RTL television, Schlutt started his acting career in porn film in 2003, becoming widely known for his appearance in several productions by German porn companies Cazzo Film and Wurstfilm, as well as Eurocreme and Michael Lucas's Lucas Entertainment. Performing in both top and bottom roles, he got especially noticed for his first leading role in Jörg Andreas's prison film "Locked Up" (2003) which was released as both, a softcore and a hardcore DVD edition. In addition, Schlutt appeared on a number of internet pay site videos and worked as an escort. In parallel, he continued modeling for Berlin agencies such as "VIVA" and "M4".
In 2005, Schlutt started another mainstay in professional photography. Some of his first images appeared in the compilation book "Skate!" and in the gay magazine "DU&ICH", for which he also used to write a semi-autobiographical column called "Max in the City". In the meantime he also worked as a photo model for Berlin's fashion agency M4, among appearing the Russian "Vogue" magazine.
In 2007, he announced his retirement from the porn business, resulting in a final appearance in Bruce LaBruce's softcore film "Otto; or Up with Dead People", playing one of the three leading parts, a zombie named Fritz. However, he recently announced on his MySpace profile that he would soon start shooting a Wurstfilm-produced film version of his "Max in the City" column, which is said to involve pornographic content.
In 2009, he starred as himself in Claude Pérès's film "Unfaithful".
Since 2011 Marcel Schlutt is publishing the online magazine HONK! www.honk-mag.de he is also Editor-in-Chief.
Personal life.
Schlutt has been residing in Berlin since 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5909386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909386" title="Egyptians Act 1530">
Egyptians Act 1530

The Egyptians Act 1530 ("22 Henry VIII, c. 10") was an Act passed by the Parliament of England in 1531 to expel the "outlandish people calling themselves Egyptians", meaning Gypsies. It was repealed by the Act 19 & 20 Vict. c.64.
Content.
The Act accused Gypsies of using crafty and subtle devices to deceive people, notably by claiming to tell fortunes whilst also frequently committing felonies such as robbery. The statute forbade any more Gypsies from entering the realm and gave those already in England sixteen days' notice to depart from the realm. Goods which Gypsies had stolen were to be restored to their owners and property confiscated from Gypsies was to be divided between the Sovereign and the Justice of the Peace or another arresting officer.
Egyptians Act 1554.
The 1530 act was not successful in its aim of expelling all Gypsies, for Mary I passed the Egyptians Act 1554 ("1 & 2 Philip & Mary, c. 4"), which complained that "Egyptians" were plying their "devlish and naughty practices and devices".

</doc>
<doc id="5909388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909388" title="Ecotropism">
Ecotropism

Ecotropism or ecotropic indicates that a pathogen like a virus or a bacterium has a narrow host range and can infect only one or a small group of species or cell culture lines.
Ecotropism or ecotropic (from Eco–Hearth and tropic–to turn towards.) Ecology, economy, heliotropic, and psychotropic are derived from these roots. The philosophy holds that for human culture to be healthy it must exist as in an ecological niche and thereby relate appropriately with all the fields of forces of nature, organic and inorganic. The term has been used in this way since 1990 and the publication of "Toward an Ecotropic Poetry" by the poets John Campion and John Herndon.

</doc>
<doc id="5909404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909404" title="Weeping Nights">
Weeping Nights

Weeping Nights is the third album by neoclassical band Elend. Although released before "The Umbersun", it is not a part of the "Officium Tenebrarum" trilogy. The album contains three original songs (the first track being of their own and the following two being adaptations of pieces by Henry Purcell), and six remixes of songs from their previous album, "Les Ténèbres du Dehors". The remixed tracks are virtually exactly the same as on "Les Ténèbres du Dehors", only all male vocals have been removed. The only two tracks from the previous album which do not appear here are "The Silence of Light" (track 5) and "Antienne" (track 6), presumably because they had no male vocals to begin with and because of limited space on the CD.
Musicians.
All instruments and vocals performed by Nathalie Barbary, Iskandar Hasnawi and Renaud Tschirner.

</doc>
<doc id="5909422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909422" title="Drumragh Integrated College">
Drumragh Integrated College

Drumragh Integrated College Drumragh Integrated College is an integrated mixed-religion, non-selective secondary school for girls and boys aged from 11 to 18, located at 70 Crevenagh Road, Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.
The school has 650 pupilsneeded and is within the Western Education and Library Board area. Although mixed-religion, Drumragh College teaches with a Christian ethos. Drumragh College received funding of 20 million pounds for new school facilities in 2001 While it was located at the side of the old Tyrone and Fermanagh Hospital. The new modern school started construction in 2007 and was finished in 2009, A plan to expand the school's Size Area for more pupils to attend the school was proposed in September 2012 put it was refused by the Minister Of Education, The School Plan to retry sending this plan in again for proposial.
Drumragh Integrated College's current principal is Nigel Frith. Preceding him were Maria Gillespie (acting principal), Lady Rosemary Salisbury and Dr. Kathleen Hynes (the first principal of the school). Mr I. Booth is the Chairman of the school's Board of Governors.

</doc>
<doc id="5909437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909437" title="Gräfenberg, Bavaria">
Gräfenberg, Bavaria

Gräfenberg is a Franconian town in the district of Forchheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 16 km southeast of Forchheim and 25 km northeast of Nuremberg.
Location.
Gräfenberg is located in the southern part of Little Switzerland.
The town is characterised by a great range of elevation (from 400 to 550 metres).
A brook, the Kalkach, flows through the town with a steep drop.
Gräfenberg is divided into 16 districts:
Religion.
Gräfenberg is a majority Protestant town; even so, some districts (Lilling, Sollenberg) are majority Catholic.
History.
Gräfenberg was first mentioned in the year 1172. From 1333 onward the patrician family Haller reigned in Gräfenberg. In 1371 King Karl IV granted the market municipal law. In 1567 a fire destroyed the parts of town located back of the walls. In 1778 a flood wave, resulting from heavy rainfalls, killed six people. With the Reichsdeputationshauptschluss in 1803 the town became part of Bavaria. In the Austro-Prussian War between the German Confederation (which included Bavaria), and Prussia and her allies, the town was the headquarters of the Prussian army at the time that the ceasefire between Bavaria and Prussia was declared in 1866.
In the 1960s and 1970s the other districts of Gräfenberg became part of the borough: for example Lilling (first mentioned 1205) and Thuisbrunn (first mentioned 1007).

</doc>
<doc id="5909439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909439" title="James B. Goudie Jr.">
James B. Goudie Jr.

James B. Goudie Jr. (December 3, 1769, Fayette County, Pennsylvania – July 29, 1836, Brookville, Indiana)
James Goudie Jr., was the son of James Goudie and Rachel Liggett. James Sr. was of Northern Ireland and Rachel was of Chester County, Pennsylvania.
On October 13, 1813, he purchased of land in Franklin County, Indiana from the Cincinnati Land Office.
Goudie owned the first grist mill in Franklin County, Indiana. He married Mary Alexander circa 1794. He owned the local newspaper "The Indiana American". They had seven children: James, Rachael, Joseph, Samuel, Elizabeth, Mary and John.
He was an Indiana State Representative, 2nd Session as a member of the Whig party. He rose to the position as Speaker of the lower house.[http://ftp.rootsweb.com/pub/usgenweb/ia/madison/obits/obitsc.txt]
He died on 29 Jul 1836 in Brookville, Indiana. He was interred in the Holiday Cemetery, in Franklin County, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="5909472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909472" title="Mulchmen">
Mulchmen

The Mulchmen were an instrumental surf rock band based in Dayton, Ohio during the late 1990s. Their unique style combined the surf guitar influence of Dick Dale or Link Wray, early British punk, and the use of a theremin. They have opened for bands such as Dick Dale, Man or Astro-man?, Los Straitjackets, and The Breeders.
After the band dissolved, guitarist Nick Kizirnis joined Eyesinweasel, a side project of Tobin Sprout. He recorded a solo album entitled "Into the Loud" and a rockabilly album called "Go Crazy Pop!" on ATOM Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5909477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909477" title="Thieves (play)">
Thieves (play)

Thieves is a play by Herb Gardner.
Its focus is on Martin and Sally Cramer, whose twelve-year marriage slowly is disintegrating. He has become the stuffy headmaster of a fashionable Manhattan private school, while she clings to her dedication to the underprivileged and continues to teach in a ghetto public school. For him, their new high-rise apartment is a sign of their steady upward mobility; she is so unhappy with his need to earn and spend she moves all the antique furniture he has purchased to their first apartment on the Lower East Side. The growing chasm between them isn't helped by individual one-night stands, an unwanted pregnancy and consequent contemplation of abortion, an attempted mugging, and her racist cab driver father Joe Kaminsky.
After twelve previews, the Broadway production, directed by Charles Grodin, opened on April 7, 1974 at the Broadhurst Theatre and later transferred to the Longacre to complete its 313-performance run. The cast included Richard Mulligan as Martin, Marlo Thomas as Sally, and Irwin Corey as Joe, with William Hickey and Dick Van Patten in supporting roles.
In 1977, Gardner adapted his play for a feature film directed by John Berry. Thomas and Corey reprised their stage roles for the Paramount Pictures release, with Charles Grodin as Martin and Hector Elizondo, Mercedes McCambridge, John McMartin, Gary Merrill, and Bob Fosse in supporting roles.

</doc>
<doc id="5909481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909481" title="Toxic food environment">
Toxic food environment

A food environment is a collection of physical, biological and social factors that affect an individual or a group of individuals eating habits and patterns. 
The term toxic food environment was coined by Kelly D. Brownell in his book "Food Fight: The Inside Story of the Food Industry" to describe American culture at the end of the 20th century, one that fosters and promotes obesity and unprecedented food consumption. 
Brownell is a Yale professor and director of the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity at Yale. 
He uses the term “toxic” to describe unparalleled exposure to high-calorie, high-fat, heavily marketed, inexpensive, and readily accessible foods. The toxic environment is the result of ubiquity of unhealthy, processed foods, an increasingly sedentary lifestyle in which individuals spend more time watching TV and using computers than they spend exercising, the explosion of fast food restaurants, the enormous growth of portion sizes, the power of food advertising and marketing, and the junk food industry’s take-over of schools by selling unhealthy items in vending machines, cafeterias, and through school fundraisers.
Brownell and many of his colleagues attribute the nation’s obesity epidemic to the toxic environment. In 1995, the Institute of Medicine noted that the human gene pool has not undergone any real change over the past several decades, when obesity has been on the rise. Therefore, the root of the obesity crisis must lie in the environment-- the social and cultural forces that promote an over-abundance of food and eating, and a deficit of physical activity.

</doc>
<doc id="5909504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909504" title="Mitchell Wiggins">
Mitchell Wiggins

Mitchell Lee Wiggins (born September 28, 1959) is an American retired professional basketball player who played the shooting guard position.
High school / college career.
Wiggins attended North Lenoir High School in LaGrange, North Carolina. He played collegiately at Truett-McConnell College, Clemson University and Florida State University.
Wiggins averaged 23 points and nine rebounds per game during his two seasons at Florida State.
Professional career.
Wiggins was selected by the Indiana Pacers as the 23rd overall pick of the 1983 NBA Draft. He never played for the Pacers, spending his rookie year playing in all 82 regular season games while averaging twelve points, four rebounds and two assists per game for the Chicago Bulls.
In the 1984 off-season, Wiggins signed with the Houston Rockets, fighting for a berth in the starting lineup with Lewis Lloyd. In late 1986, however, after the Rockets appeared in the 1986 NBA Finals, losing to the Boston Celtics, the pair tested positive for cocaine, incurring a two 1/2-year suspension from the league.
Both Wiggins and Lloyd were reinstated for the 1989–90 season, but the latter was soon released. Wiggins then enjoyed his best season in the National Basketball Association, appearing in 66 games and averaging 15.5 ppg; he was then also released, and returned two years later with the Philadelphia 76ers, which would be his final year in the league, having scored a total of 3,877 points.
Wiggins then moved to Europe and had a notable career in the Greek League playing for Milon Nea Smirni BC, Sporting Athens, and Panionios Nea Smirni. He also appeared for CSP Limoges in France, played for the Tondeña 65 Rhummasters in the Philippine Basketball Association and with several minor teams in his country.
In the 2000s, Wiggins took a hand at coaching, in the lower leagues.
National team.
Wiggins played for the US national basketball team in the 1982 FIBA World Championship, winning the silver medal.
Personal.
Wiggins' youngest son, Andrew, was regarded as a top prospect at 18 years of age for top-tier college basketball programs in the United States, and as of December 2012 was rated as the top prospect in the recruiting class of 2013. He was selected first overall in the 2014 NBA Draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers, making him the third Canadian player selected by the team in four years. His oldest son, Mitchell Jr. played for Southeastern University and his middle son Nick Wiggins plays for Wichita State University. Both Mitch Junior and Nick were drafted by the Harlem Globetrotters in 2014. He also has three daughters: Stephanie, Angelica, and Taya. His wife, Marita Payne-Wiggins, competed for Canada in track and field at the 1984 Summer Olympics, winning two silver medals. Since 2002, the family has resided in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5909512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909512" title="Erskine Declaration">
Erskine Declaration

The Erskine Declaration was a proclamation of students enrolled at Erskine Theological Seminary that declared that racial segregation was inappropriate for most Christian congregations. It became a pattern for declarations several other seminary student bodies adopted in the 1980s and 1990s. 
The Declaration was written by Erskine Seminary students Maynard Pittendreigh (who served as the Student Body President at the time), Kathleen Murdock, and Will Crum. The impetus for writing the document was that many congregations asking for student preachers to fill their pulpits while their pastors were on vacation refused to allow African Americans or women to preach in their congregations. 
The Erskine Declaration stated: 
The institution did not officially recognize the document, which was considered very controversial at the time, but the faculty informally agreed to send student preachers only to those congregations who would accept students regardless of race. 
The Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church, the denomination affiliated with Erskine Theological Seminary, does not ordain women to the offices of Ruling or Teaching Elder, out of the conviction that such practice is out of accord with Scripture. Neither that conviction nor the practice of supplying student and faculty ministers to churches that do not ordain women was affected by the Declaration.
The Declaration was adopted by Erskine Theological Seminary's student body on February 1, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="5909515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909515" title="GameCODA">
GameCODA

GameCODA is an audio middleware product by Sensaura designed for game developers to create realistic sound environments in video games. It allows development for the following platforms: PC, Xbox/Xbox 360, Sony PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube. It uses several environmental audio technologies developed by Sensaura.
CAGE Producer.
CAGE Producer is the central audio asset management tool which bundles the sound samples into sample banks, sound banks and reverb banks for the target console platforms. It cannot edit audio assets itself apart from sample rate, channels and size; you need an audio editor for much more than that. It communicates with the CAGE plugins for positioning of sound and reverb environments on the basis of the 3D geometry. The CAGE plugins are available for Maya and 3D Studio Max.
Environmental audio technologies.
Sensaura developed different technologies to create a more realistic audio environment:
Digital Ear.
To create realistic HRTFs, Sensaura created their own artificial head system for measuring. From that they created a table of over 1000 pairs of filter characteristics with associated time delays, each representing one unique point in 3D space. HRTFs from these Digital Ears are incorporated into our Sensaura 3D-sound algorithms.
XTC (Transaural Crosstalk Cancellation).
XTC algorithm which tries to reduce acoustic crosstalk. It uses both the distance and angle of the loudspeakers to calculate precisely the transaural crosstalk level and then generates a very accurate cancellation signal.
Sensaura MacroFX.
MacroFX is an algorithm that tries to create realistic close-up effects.
ZoomFX.
ZoomFX is a technology for simulating the sound of large emitters. This is achieved by creating each virtual sound area from several, similar, virtual point sources, rather than from a single point source, as is commonly done.
See also.
EAX
Digital signal processing

</doc>
<doc id="5909528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909528" title="The Umbersun">
The Umbersun

The Umbersun is the fourth album by neoclassical band Elend. It is the third and final album in the "Officium Tenebrarum" trilogy.
Musicians.
Sopranos.
Tricia Bentley, Hilary Brennan, Rachael Clegg, Bridget Corderoy, Carolynne Cox, Sally Donegani, Alison Eden, Karen Filsell, Claire Hills, Rachel King, Felice Kuin, Wendy Norman, Kathy Willis, Olivia Maffett
Altos.
Debbie Bright, Kathryn Cook, Denise Fabb, Victoria Kendall, Katy Meiklejohn, Yvette Miller, Fiona Robinson, Hatty Webb, Lorna Youngs
Basses.
Tim Bull, Tim Colbourn, Peter da Costa, Mark Fenton, Michael King
Director.
Peter Broadbent
Solo soprano.
Nathalie Barbary
Whispered female voice.
Alison Eden
All other vocals, instruments, sequencing, programming and sound-editing by Iskandar Hasnawi, Sébastien Roland and Renaud Tschirner.

</doc>
<doc id="5909530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909530" title="Dames of Malta">
Dames of Malta

Dames of Malta are female members of the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of St. John of Jerusalem, of Rhodes, and of Malta. Their male counterparts are the "Knights of Malta."
Prominent living Dames of Malta include: 

</doc>
<doc id="5909535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909535" title="Kawasaki Ki-102">
Kawasaki Ki-102

The Kawasaki Ki-102 (Army Type 4 Assault Aircraft) was a Japanese warplane of World War II. It was a twin-engine, two-seat, long-range heavy fighter developed to replace the Ki-45 "Toryu". Three versions were planned: the Ki-102a day fighter, Ki-102b ground-attack and Ki-102c night fighter. This aircraft's Allied reporting name was "Randy".
Design and history.
It entered service in 1944, but saw limited action. The main type (102b) was kept in reserve to protect Japan, although it did see some limited duty in the Okinawa campaign. It was kept out of front line service because it was hoped that it would be the carrier of the Igo-1-B air-to-ground guided missile when the Allied invasion of Japan occurred. 

</doc>
<doc id="5909536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909536" title="Poset topology">
Poset topology

In mathematics, the poset topology associated with a partially ordered set "S" (or poset for short) is the Alexandrov topology (open sets are upper sets) on the poset of finite chains of S, ordered by inclusion.
Let V be a set of vertices. An abstract simplicial complex Δ is a set of finite sets of vertices, known as faces formula_1, such that
Given a simplicial complex Δ as above, we define a (point set) topology on Δ by letting a subset formula_3 be closed if and only if Γ is a simplicial complex:
This is the Alexandrov topology on the poset of faces of Δ.
The order complex associated with a poset, S, has the underlying set of S as vertices, and the finite chains (i.e. finite totally ordered subsets) of S as faces. The poset topology associated with a poset S is the Alexandrov topology on the order complex associated with S.

</doc>
<doc id="5909538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909538" title="Contracture">
Contracture

A muscle contracture is a permanent shortening of a muscle or joint. It is usually in response to prolonged hypertonic spasticity in a concentrated muscle area, such as is seen in the tightest muscles of people with conditions like spastic cerebral palsy.
Contractures are essentially muscles or tendons that have remained too tight for too long, thus becoming shorter. Once they occur they cannot be stretched or exercised away; they must be released with orthopedic surgery. Most of the physical therapy, occupational therapy, and other exercise regimens targeted towards people with spasticity focuses on trying to prevent contractures from happening in the first place.
Contractures can also be due to ischemia, as in Volkmann's contracture.
Excessive matrix metalloproteinase and myofibroblast accumulation in the wound margins can result in contracture.

</doc>
<doc id="5909541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909541" title="London Buses route 107">
London Buses route 107

London Buses route 107 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Edgware station and New Barnet station, it is operated by Metroline.
History.
Today's 107 commenced operation on 3 October 1934 when the newly constituted London Passenger Transport Board instituted its own numbering system. On this date, route 307, which had been operating daily between Whetstone (Black Bull) and Enfield Town via East Barnet and Enfield Road, was re-numbered 107.
This was the third time that the route number 107 had been used in London. As from 24 March 1937, the 107 was diverted via New Barnet Station and Barnet Church to a new terminus at Arkley (Arkley Hotel), being convered over the section to Whetstone by a re-routed route 135.
1938 saw the withdrawal of most of North London's Trams, On 16 October 1938, the 107 became involved in that programme, when it was extended daily from Enfield Town to Ponders End (Durrants Road), with Monday to Saturday journeys extended to Ponders End (The Alma). The extension replaced Tram routes 49 and 49A, which were withdrawn between Stamford Hill (49) - Ponders End and Enfield Town (49 and 49A). Also at this time, a supplementary route 107A was introduced between Ponders End (Durrants Road) and Enfield Lock (RSA Factory) via Enfield Highway, replacing route 69. Less than a year later, on 9 August 1939, some 107A Monday to Friday journeys were also extended to Arkley.
As from 3 January 1940, the 107A was extended on Mondays to Saturdays to Enfield Chase, with a Sunday service being added from 24 March 1940. During the Second World War, there were many short-lived extensions or withdrawals of the 107 and 107A. Both routes were extended to Borehamwood (Drayton Road) as from 5 March 1941 and the 107 was further extended to Ponders End Station as from 22 April 1942. By the end of the war, the 107 worked Mondays to Saturdays Borehamwood - Ponders End Station, with the 107A working as a daily service Ponders End - Enfield Chase, extended Sundays to Borehamwood. The 107A was further extended to Enfield Lock on 5 May 1948.
For ten years, the 107 had remained very stable, but on 3 February 1954, it was extended westwards to Queensbury Station via Elstree Hill, Brockley Hill and Edgware, replacing the withdrawn route 141. The 107 was also withdrawn on Saturdays in February 1963, being converted to one-person operation on 18 July 1970. Over the following decade, there was much shuffling of the service between the 107 and 107A, but the extremities of the route remained the same, Queensbury Station to Enfield Lock. The 107A was withdrawn on 3 September 1972, being re-introduced on 20 August 1977 only to be withdrawn again on 30 June 1979.
In September 1982, the eastern terminus of the route was revised, becoming Brimsdown Station, due to changes on routes 121 and 135. As from 27 September 1986, the wheel had come full circle, when a new 307 route was introduced. This route replaced the 107 over its eastern leg, leaving it to work Queensbury Station to New Barnet Station. On 3 July 1993, the 107 was again shortened now only running between Edgware Station and New Barnet Station.
In 2009, route 107 was converted back to double deck using Plaxton President bodied Volvo B7TLs.
Previous route 107s in London.
The route number 107 had been used twice prior to its current use:

</doc>
<doc id="5909544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909544" title="Garvagh High School">
Garvagh High School

Garvagh High School is a secondary school located in Garvagh, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. It is a non-selective state maintained school for girls and boys aged from 11 to 16. It has 198 pupils and is within the North Eastern Education and Library Board area.
On 1 October 2012, Education Minister John O’Dowd approved a development proposal to close Garvagh High School. This decision comes in light of a decline in enrollment in recent years.
The school will close with effect from 31 August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5909545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909545" title="Martin Sullivan">
Martin Sullivan

Martin Sullivan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909552" title="1955 Tour de France">
1955 Tour de France

The 1955 Tour de France was the 42nd Tour de France, taking place from 7 to 30 July 1955. It consisted of 22 stages over 4495 km, ridden at an average speed of 34.446 km/h.
The race was won by Louison Bobet, the last of his three consecutive wins.
Changes from the 1954 Tour de France.
The 1955 Tour de France was the first Tour de France since the second world war that German cyclists rode the Tour de France.
Also new was the use of the photo finish.
Participants.
As was the custom since the 1930 Tour de France, the 1955 Tour de France was contested by national and regional teams. Eight national teams were sent, with 10 cyclists each from France, Belgium, Spain, Great Britain, the Netherlands, Italy, Switzerland, and a mixed team consisting of Luxembourgian, Austrian, German and Australian cyclists. France additionally sent five regional teams from 10 cyclists each, divided into Center-North East France, West France, South East France, Île-de-France and South West France.
The mixed team included cyclists from West-Germany, which was the first time since the Second World War that German cyclists were allowed to ride the Tour.
The Great Britain team was the first British team in Tour history.
Louison Bobet, the winner of the 1953 Tour de France and the 1954 Tour de France, had done an aggressive preparation in the early season before the Tour de France, aiming for his third victory. Bobet was the main favourite, also because he was the world champion.
Race details.
The first part of the first stage was won by Miguel Poblet, who became the first Spanish cyclist to wear the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification.
The second and third stage saw small groups escaping from the peloton. In both stages, Wout Wagtmans and Antonin Rolland, one of Bobet's team mates, were present. Wagtmans became leader of the general classification, with Rolland in second place.
The first attack that was important for the general classification was in the fourth stage. Rolland was part of a group of nine cyclist, that finished seven minutes before the rest. Rolland was the best-placed cyclist of those nine, and took the lead.
In the seventh stage, Rolland briefly lost that lead, because a group including Wim van Est escaped and took more than seventeen minutes, which was just enough for Van Est to take over the lead. Van Est was sure to lose it in the next stage, which included high mountains.
In that eighth stage, Charly Gaul attacked early in the stage. Gaul was more than 23 minutes behind in the general classification, but got over the mountains quickly and won with 13 minutes, which put him in third place.
In the ninth stage, Gaul tried to do the same again, and got over the first three mountains alone. But because of a crash on the second mountain he lost time, and did not win the stage; instead he even lost a few minutes.
During the eleventh stage, French cyclist Jean Malléjac collapsed and remained unconscious for 15 minutes. The Tour doctor who helped recognized that Malléjac's symptoms were the same as after taking too much amphetamine, and told the team doctors to be more careful with doping.
In that stage, Bobet got away on the Mont Ventoux and nobody was able to follow him. He reached the top alone, and from there descended to the finish, 6 minutes ahead of Rolland, who was still the race leader. Bobet jumped to the second place in the general classification.
The next challenge for the general classification were the Pyrénees mountains. In stage 17, Gaul made the pace, and most cyclists could not follow. Bobet could hold on for a long time, but at the finish lost 84 seconds to Gaul. Because Rolland lost more than seven minutes later, Rolland took the lead.
In the eighteenth stage, it was again Gaul who attacked. This time, a small group including Bobet could follow him all the way. Rolland finished two minutes later, but was still in second place in the general classification.
The time trial in the 21st stage was won by Jean Brankart, who jumped to second place in the general classification. Rolland lost more than nine minutes, and dropped to the fifth place in the general classification.
Bobet remained the leader, and his lead was not challenged in the last stage. Bobet became the first person in the Tour de France to win three Tours in a row.
Results.
General classification.
The time that each cyclist required to finish each stage was recorded, and these times were added together for the general classification. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey.
Points classification.
The points classification was calculated in the same way as in 1954, following the calculation method from the Tours de France from 1905 to 1912. Points were given according to the ranking of the stage: the winner received one points, the next cyclist two points, and so on. These points were added, and the cyclist with the least points was the leader of the points classification. In 1955, this was won by Stan Ockers.
Mountains classification.
Points for the mountains classification were earned by reaching the mountain tops first. The system was almost the same as in 1954: there were two types of mountain tops: the hardest ones, in category 1, gave 10 points to the first cyclist, the easier ones, in category 2, gave 6 points to the first cyclist, and the easiest ones, in category 3, gave 3 points. Charly Gaul won this classification.
Team classification.
The team classification was calculated as the sum of the daily team classifications, and the daily team classification was calculated by adding the times in the stage result of the best three cyclists per team. It was won by the French team.
The British team and the regional South West France team finished with only two cyclists, so they were not eligible for the team classification.
Combativity classification.
In every stage, a jury gave points for the most combative cyclist. These votes were added in the combativity classification. At the end of the Tour de France, Charly Gaul won the classification.

</doc>
<doc id="5909555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909555" title="Virginia's 2nd congressional district election, 2006">
Virginia's 2nd congressional district election, 2006

The Virginia 2nd congressional district election, 2006 was an election for the United States House of Representatives, held on November 7, 2006. Freshman Republican Thelma Drake narrowly defeated her Democratic opponent Phillip Kellam.
Candidates.
Republican incumbent.
Thelma Drake was first elected after entering the 2004 congressional race after the then incumbent Republican congressman, Ed Schrock, made a surprise announcement on August 30, 2004, that he was leaving the race. Drake was selected by the Republican party to replace Schrock on the ballot.
Democratic challenger.
The Democratic challenger was Phillip Kellam. Kellam served as Commissioner of the Revenue for Virginia Beach.
Others.
Also running as a write-in, a member of the Independent Greens, was John Kelly, a Retired Army Officer.
The primary.
Neither Drake nor Kellam faced any opposition from within their respective parties for the primary on June 13, 2006. (Only two Congressional districts in all of Virginia had primary votes in 2006.) 
The campaign.
In June and July, the campaign saw some controversy over commercials run against Drake by MoveOn. Among other things, MoveOn accused Drake of voting to limit liability of defense contractors who overcharged the US government for services in Iraq. But according to the "Daily Press", Drake only voted against sending a bill in question to a committee where, according to MoveOn, it might have been strengthened. The "Virginian-Pilot" said that the ads "expertly skate around the truth of Drake's record without being outright false."
In response to a threatened lawsuit by Drake, Cox Communications pulled the ads from its cable TV channels, saying that they were unsubstantiated. MoveOn then said that this decision was politically motivated, noting that several Cox executives had given campaign donations to Drake. The three television network affiliates in Hampton Roads, however, said they believed that the ad met the legal standards for broadcast and they had no immediate plan to drop it.
Drake followed this with an ad saying that "Kellam's team" had labeled Northrop Grumman - which employs 19,000 people at its Newport News shipyard - a war profiteer in the ad. Kellam's campaign replied that it had never said anything of the sort, and that it had nothing to do with MoveOn.org's ad, which in any case never mentioned Northrop Grumman.
In July, the Washington Post analyzed the race and its strategies:
Kellam (D) is already running television ads that tout him as an "independent voice" for the district, a contrast to Drake (R), whom Kellam paints as walking in lockstep with President Bush. A Kellam poll released recently showed the soundness of that strategy. Just 32 percent of the sample approved of the job Bush was doing, compared with 62 percent who disapproved. Kellam led in the head-to-head question, 45 percent to Drake's 42 percent. Gov. Tim Kaine (D) won this district in 2005 -- a sign that voters in this upper south district are willing to side with a Democrat with the right message.
In a debate on July 22, differences in some of their issues came to the fore. According to one report, "the candidates still agree on most of the major national and international issues of the campaign - the war in Iraq, immigration and social issues such as gay marriage." On the other hand, "Drake and Kellam ... sparred over privatizing Social Security (Drake for, Kellam against); differed over offshore gas and oil drilling (Drake for, Kellam against); and disagreed on federally financed embryonic stem-cell research (Kellam for, Drake against)." Drake also asserted that "is the No. 1 issue in our nation. It even eclipses the war in Iraq."
Rating the race.
In late June, "CQPolitics" wrote that the race: "is more competitive than initially expected in the Republican-leaning 2nd. This, in turn, has spurred CQPolitics.com to change its rating to Leans Republican from Republican Favored."
Similarly, Larry Sabato's Crystal Ball, in late June, rated the race as leaning Republican, and as one of the top thirty most competitive House races in the nation.
In late July, the Washington Post rated this race as a toss-up.
Outcome.
Drake defeated Kellam by a margin of 51.27% to Kellam's 48.46% to retain the seat.
See also.
United States House elections, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="5909569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909569" title="Muck (gambling)">
Muck (gambling)

Muck in gambling has multiple meanings. In poker, it most often refers to the pile of discarded cards into which players may throw their folded hands, and into which the dealer may place burned cards. It may also refer to the action of throwing a hand into the muck. The practice of mucking cards when discarding helps to ensure that no other player can reliably determine which cards were in the folded hand. In poker, the term may also refer to the action that a player who has not folded may take; he can have his hand "mucked" if another player attempts to discard but one or more cards end up in the live players hand. This is why many players will place a chip or other object on their cards: it helps to prevent errant cards from entering their hand. Sometimes they are referred to as card covers or card guards.
Mucking or hand mucking may also refer to a form of sleight of hand, and, if used in a card game, is cheating. A player conceals a card through sleight of hand, removing it from play so that it may later be inserted back into the game to the cheater's advantage. For example, in blackjack a cheating player might remove an ace from the table to use the next time he is dealt a ten to make a blackjack.

</doc>
<doc id="5909570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909570" title="The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries">
The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries

The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries (retitled The Hardy Boys Mysteries for season three) is a television series which aired for three seasons on ABC. The series starred Parker Stevenson and Shaun Cassidy as amateur sleuth brothers Frank and Joe Hardy, respectively, and Pamela Sue Martin (later Janet Louise Johnson) as detective Nancy Drew.
"The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries" was unusual in that it often dealt with the characters individually, in an almost anthological style. That is, some episodes featured only the Hardy Boys and others only Nancy Drew.
Story.
The Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew were both successful book publishing franchises, owned by the Stratemeyer Syndicate, a publishing group which owned many successful children's book lines.
The Hardy Boys, Frank and Joe, are brother amateur detectives. The two boys live in the fictional city of Bayport, Massachusetts (a change from the book series, which sets Bayport in the state of New York) with their famous father, Fenton Hardy, a private detective who spent "twenty years" with the New York Police Department.
In addition to the Hardy Boys, their stories feature two other characters with some regularity: Aunt Gertrude and a platonic female friend of the boys, Callie Shaw, who also does part-time work for their father. The only other character who played a major part of the Hardy Boys books, Chet Morton, appeared only briefly in the series.
Nancy Drew is the amateur sleuth — she prefers the term "part time investigator" — daughter of attorney Carson Drew. She lives with her father, Carson, in the fictional town of River Heights, New Jersey (another change from the book series, which sets River Heights outside of Chicago).
In addition to Nancy Drew and her father, her stories feature two other characters with some regularity: her close friend Georgia (George) Fayne and Ned Nickerson. Another prominent character from the Nancy Drew books, Bess Marvin, made only two appearances in two-part episodes. In the novels on which the series was based, Nickerson is explicitly identified as Nancy's boyfriend. In the television series, their romance is more ambiguous. In the first season, Nickerson is a law student who does part-time work for Carson Drew. In the second season, Nickerson is re-introduced, with no reference to his earlier appearances, in a scene, in which he is apparently introduced to Nancy Drew for the first time, as a young hotshot lawyer from the city District Attorney's office. 
The TV show marked the first time that the Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew met and worked together as they had never done so in the context of the books at that time (up to that point). In the first episode of the second season ("The Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew Meet Dracula") they meet in a hotel room in Europe. The boys, tracking their father, who was working on a case with Nancy Drew. Though the relationship between Nancy Drew and the Hardy Boys is mostly platonic, there is a heavily-implied romance between Nancy Drew and Frank Hardy. In one episode ("Mystery of the Hollywood Phantom") they kiss briefly.
Production.
The show was filmed on the studio lot on parts of Colonial Street, the backlot street which was later used in the Tom Hanks film "The Burbs" and was used as Wisteria Lane in the hit TV series "Desperate Housewives".
Episodes.
First season.
During the first season individual episodes were entirely focused either on the Hardy Boys or Nancy Drew, and aired alternately. The opening credits featured a maze under the series title, and shifts plane of focus supposedly to "3-D."
At the end of the haunting theme music, a voice-over announcer would state who was featured in the episode and the episode title. This worked well for cross-over episodes featuring both the Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew, as the credits featured all of the performers.
Episode #12 "The Mystery of the Ghostwriter's Cruise" is noteworthy because it contains a sequence in which a tsunami appears to approach a cruise ship, a deliberate homage to "The Poseidon Adventure", in which Martin also starred.
Second season.
For the show's second and third seasons the title sequence was altered; the maze replaced with clips from the series and a collage of book covers from the book series. Depending on which characters were featured - the Hardy Boys, Nancy Drew or both - the sequence was altered to give emphasis to one or the other.
During the second season, only three episodes feature Drew alone; the remainder starred the Hardy Boys with Pamela Sue Martin, as Nancy Drew, credited as a guest star (creating an unusual situation in which an actor playing a title role in a series was not actually acknowledged in the opening credits).
This was due in part to a change for the second season, where separate opening credits rolled for episodes featuring the different title characters. Martin left the series during the second season, and was replaced, for three episodes near the end, by actress Janet Louise Johnson.
Both the Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew featured in eight episodes, six of which were in the form of two-part episodes. Pamela Sue Martin played Nancy Drew in "The Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew Meet Dracula" and "The Mystery of the Hollywood Phantom" which were both transmitted in two parts.
After Martin departed the series, the character of Nancy Drew made three more appearances, with the Hardy Boys, in the episodes "Voodoo Doll", "Mystery on the Avalanche Express" and "Arson and Old Lace". In those, she was played by Janet Louise Johnson.
Spin-off.
Although the show had the same actors, ABC omitted the "Nancy Drew" part, thus, creating a new show, titled "The Hardy Boys" in which the Hardys are hired by the US Justice Department as professional investigation agents. The series lasted for ten episodes before being cancelled.
Season 3: 1978-1979.
The series is retitled "The Hardy Boys Mysteries" for this season.
Guest appearances.
A number of well known actors appeared in episodes of "The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries", either as celebrity guest stars or before they achieved subsequent fame.
Celebrities who appeared in episodes included Ricky Nelson ("The Flickering Torch Mystery"); Bob Crane ("A Haunting We Will Go"); Lorne Greene, Bernie Taupin, Trini Lopez and Paul Williams ("The Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew Meet Dracula", where Williams sang the song "Hell of It", which originally appeared on his 1974 starring film "Phantom of the Paradise"); Jaclyn Smith, Robert Wagner, Casey Kasem and Dennis Weaver ("Mystery of the Hollywood Phantom"); Tony Dow ("The Creatures Who Came on Sunday"); Maureen McCormick ("Nancy Drew's Love Match"); William Campbell and Missy Gold ("Will The Real Santa ...?"); Lloyd Bochner and Dorothy Malone ("The House on Possessed Hill"); Diana Muldaur ("Sole Survivor"); Ray Milland and Howard Duff ("Voodoo Doll"); Vic Damone, Fabian and Troy Donahue ("Mystery on the Avalanche Express"); Jack Jones ("Death Surf"); Pernell Roberts and Joseph Cotten ("Arson and Old Lace"); Kevin Tighe"Last Kiss of Summer" Dana Andrews and Patrick Macnee ("Assault on the Tower"); John Colicos ("Search for Atlantis"); June Lockhart and Robert Loggia ("Dangerous Waters"); and Robert Karnes, who guest starred as a sheriff in four episodes: "Mystery of the Fallen Angels", "A Haunting We Will Go", "The Mystery of the Diamond Triangle", and "The Mystery of Pirate's Cove" (all 1977).
Famous actors who appeared in the series earlier in their career included Jamie Lee Curtis, Robert Englund and A Martinez ("The Mystery of the Fallen Angels"); Rosalind Chao ("The Mystery of the Jade Kwan Yin"); Mark Harmon and Martin Kove ("The Mystery of the Solid Gold Kicker"); Anne Lockhart ("The Mystery of the African Safari" and "The Last Kiss of Summer"); Rick Springfield ("Will The Real Santa ...?"); Nicholas Hammond and John Karlen ("The Lady on Thursday at Ten"); Melanie Griffith ("The House on Possessed Hill"); Kim Cattrall and Linda Dano ("Voodoo Doll"); Valerie Bertinelli, Stepfanie Kramer and Kim Lankford ("Campus Terror"); and Ana Alicia ("Life on the Line").
Bernie Taupin, the composer and musical partner of Elton John, appeared in the two-part episode "The Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew Meet Dracula", as a young British musician.
Darleen Carr, who guest starred in the episode "Search for Atlantis", is the sister of Charmian Carr, who played Liesl von Trapp in the Robert Wise film adaptation of "The Sound of Music".
Producer Glen A. Larson also produced the science fiction series "Battlestar Galactica", which aired in 1978-'79 and 1980. A number of actors who appeared in "The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries" were also either cast members or guest stars of that series, including Lorne Greene, Maren Jensen, Anne Lockhart, Rick Springfield, Ana Alicia, Patrick Macnee and John Colicos.
Emmy nomination.
The series was nominated for an Emmy Award in 1977, in the category of "Special Classification of Outstanding Individual Achievement", recognizing the work of cinematographer Enzo Martinelli.
Home video.
Universal Studios Home Entertainment has released "The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries" Seasons 1 & 2 on DVD in Region 1 & 2. In fall 2008, Netflix.com made Season 3 available to watch through their "Watch Instantly" subscription service. However, as of November 2009 the episodes were no longer available.
On November 9, 2012, it was announced that Shout! Factory had acquired the rights to the series and will be releasing the third and final season on DVD in February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5909573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909573" title="Gordon Locke">
Gordon Locke

Gordon C. Locke (August 3, 1898 – November 9, 1969) was an American football player and coach. He played college football at the University of Iowa, where he was a two-time All-American. Locke served as the head football coach at Western Reserve University—now a part of Case Western Reserve University—from 1926 to 1930, compiling a record of 15–20–1. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1960.
Early life and playing career.
Locke was born in Denison, Iowa. He enrolled at University of Iowa in 1919 and played for the Hawkeye football team from 1920 to 1922. Locke, a fullback and defensive back, was the power back for the Hawkeyes while quarterback Aubrey Devine, used speed to rush to the outside. In Locke's sophomore season in 1920, Iowa started the year with a 2–2 record. Locke did not lose another game as Hawkeye.
Locke and Devine each scored two touchdowns as Iowa defeated Minnesota in 1920, 28–7. It was Iowa's third straight win over the Gophers and the first time that Minnesota had been defeated three years in a row by a single opponent. 
The following year in 1921, Iowa faced Notre Dame, coached by Knute Rockne, in the second game of the season. It was Iowa's first meeting with Notre Dame. The Irish had not lost a game since 1918, a span of 20 straight wins. Locke helped move Iowa to Notre Dame's two-yard line, where it was fourth down. Duke Slater missed a rare block, and Locke was met by Notre Dame lineman Heartley Anderson. Locke powered Anderson over the goal line for Iowa's only touchdown of the game. Locke's touchdown coupled with a Devine field goal gave Iowa the 10–7 upset.
Locke's next game was his best of the 1921 season. He carried the ball 37 times and gained a school-record 202 yards rushing in a 14–2 victory over Illinois. Locke scored both Iowa touchdowns. However, he was soon hospitalized with stomach problems, which hampered his effectiveness the rest of the year. Still, Locke finished the 1921 season with over 700 rushing yards and finished second in the Big Ten Conference scoring race to teammate, Aubrey Devine. Iowa posted a perfect 7–0 record in 1921 and won its first Big Ten title in 21 years. Locke was a consensus first team All-Big Ten selection and a first team All-American in 1921.
1922 season.
Aubrey Devine, his brother Glenn, Lester Belding, and Duke Slater all graduated after the 1921 season. Locke returned to the defending Big Ten champions and was named the team captain of the 1922 Hawkeyes squad.
Locke did not score a point in Iowa's most impressive win of the year. Iowa traveled east to play Yale, who had never lost to a team from the "West". The Hawkeyes defeated the Bulldogs, 6–0, on a touchdown run by Leland Parkin, who succeeded Devine at quarterback. Iowa's victory made headlines from coast to coast. So significant and important was the game that the Sunday "Chicago Tribune" bannered the front page of its general news sections with "IOWA ELEVEN SMASHES YALE."
Weary from the long train ride back to Iowa City, Iowa survived a contest with Illinois, winning 8–7. Locke scored Iowa's only touchdown in the game. The following week, he scored two touchdowns as Iowa handed Purdue a 56–0 loss, still the largest defeat in Purdue history. Locke then scored three touchdowns in the first half as Iowa defeated Minnesota for the fifth consecutive time, 28–14.
In Iowa's first-ever meeting with Ohio State, Locke rushed for 126 yards and returned three kicks for 91 yards as Iowa defeated the Buckeyes in Columbus, 12–9. He also scored both of Iowa's touchdowns. In Locke's final collegiate game against Northwestern, he scored four touchdowns for the third time in his career, leading Iowa to a 37–3 victory. The win clinched another Big Ten title and another undefeated 7–0 record for the Hawkeyes. It is the only time in school history that the Hawkeyes have won consecutive conference titles.
With Devine gone, Locke not only led Iowa in scoring with 96 points, but the 72 points scored by Locke in Big Ten play in 1922 was a conference record that stood for 21 years. Locke was not only a first team All-Big Ten selection, he was also a consensus first team All-American, the third at Iowa after his former teammates Belding and Devine.
Locke had over 400 carries in his career. Iowa had a 19–2 record in his three years with the Hawks and were on a 17-game winning streak when he graduated. The streak was snapped at 20 games in 1923, the longest winning streak in school history. Locke played for the only two undefeated and untied teams in Iowa history (1921 and 1922), and he was a first team All-American both seasons.
Locke was also an accomplished student, earning the Big Ten Medal for scholastic and athletic achievement his senior year. He also attended law school at the University of Iowa College of Law, graduating in the top three of his law school class.
Coaching career and legal practice.
Locke served as an assistant football coach at Iowa briefly, then moved on to Cleveland, Ohio, where he was associated with a prominent law firm. He coached football at Western Reserve University in Cleveland from 1926 to 1930, compiling a 15–20–1 record, and he later served as general assistant law director for the city of Cleveland. Later, he worked in Washington, D.C. as general counsel for the Committee for Oil Pipe Lines.
Death and honors.
Locke died in Washington, D.C. at the age of 71. He was inducted into the Iowa Sports Hall of Fame in 1958 and the College Football Hall of Fame in 1960. In 1989, Iowa fans selected an all-time Hawkeyes football team during the 100th anniversary celebration of Iowa football, and Locke was selected to the defensive backfield. In 1999, "Sports Illustrated" selected Gordon Locke as the 20th greatest sports figure in the history of the state of Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="5909574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909574" title="Hartcliff Rocks Quarry">
Hartcliff Rocks Quarry

Hartcliff Rocks Quarry () is a 1.6 hectare (3.9 acre) Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) near Felton, Somerset notified in 1991.
According to the citation, the site "provides exposures of Triassic Dolomitic Conglomerate unconformably overlying Carboniferous Limestone."

</doc>
<doc id="5909578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909578" title="Stannard">
Stannard

Stannard is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5909595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909595" title="Armen Ambartsumyan">
Armen Ambartsumyan

Armen Ambartsumyan (; , born 18 February 1978 in Plovdiv, Bulgaria) is a former Bulgarian-Armenian football goalkeeper.
He was a member of the Armenia national team, and has participated in 8 international matches since his debut in away friendly match against Andorra on 7 June 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5909599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909599" title="Critical Security Parameter">
Critical Security Parameter

In cryptography, the abbreviation CSP may refer to Critical Security Parameter. A Critical Security Parameter is information that is either user or system defined and is used to operate a cryptography module in processing encryption functions including cryptographic keys and authentication data, such as passwords, the disclosure or modification of which can compromise the security of a cryptographic module or the security of the information protected by the module.

</doc>
<doc id="5909602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909602" title="Pavilion Gallery Museum">
Pavilion Gallery Museum

The Pavilion Gallery Museum is a museum and art gallery in Winnipeg, Manitoba. It opened in 1998 in the Assiniboine Park Pavilion in Assiniboine Park. The Pavilion is the second pavilion building built in the park. It officially opened in 1930. 
Following reconstruction in 1930, a second level restaurant and dining room was opened. Eventually, the restaurant was closed and the Pavilion fell into disuse. For many years it was used primarily as a seasonal facility with a canteen on the main level and a rental hall on the second level. After the restoration in 1998, a restaurant called Tavern in the Park opened along with the gallery. Tavern in the Park closed in 2008 and was replaced by Terrace Fifty-Five in December of that year. 
The gallery houses the largest collections of works by three renowned Manitoba artists: Ivan Eyre, Clarence Tillenius and Walter J. Phillips. The second floor area is dedicated to the work of
emerging Manitoba artists. 
The Museum is affiliated with the CMA, the CHIN, and the Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5909614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909614" title="Kalyug (1981 film)">
Kalyug (1981 film)

Kalyug is a Hindi film made in 1981 and directed by Shyam Benegal. The film is known as a modern day version of an Indian epic Mahabharat depicted as an archetypal conflict between rival business houses. The film went on to win the Filmfare Award for Best Film in 1982.
The screenplay and plot are quite different from Mahabharat. However, the characterization and the critical events had a striking similarity with the epic. Shashi Kapoor, Rekha, Raj Babbar, Supriya Pathak, Anant Nag, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Sushma Seth, Akash Khurana, Victor Bannerjee, Reema Lagoo, A.K. Hangal played major roles, while Urmila Matondkar appeared as a child artist.
Plot.
The film is tale of intrigue, plots and the inevitable war between the two families. Ramchand and Bhishamchand were two pioneering brothers in business. Bhishamchand, a lifelong bachelor, brought up the two sons of Ramchand upon his demise. He also gave the family business a firm foundation. Khubchand (Vinod Doshi), the elder son of Ramchand begets two sons, Dhanraj (Victor Banerjee) and Sandeepraj (Akash Khurana). Puranchand, Khubchand's younger brother, had died a few years ago. His three sons are Dharamraj (Raj Babbar), Balraj (Kulbhushan Kharbanda) and Bharatraj (Anant Nag). Another player in the game is Karan (Shashi Kapoor), an orphan brought up by Bhishamchand. A series of events take place that bring the long hidden feud between the two families to light. Despite Bhishamchand's efforts to mediate between the two, the situation gets out of hand and events take a tragic turn. Dhanraj's men accidentally kill the young son of Balraj and to take revenge Bharatraj murders Karan. Quite a few skeletons from the family cupboard are brought into the open that only adds to the tensions and hatred, finally culminating in the destruction of the two families, making us ponder on the brittleness of our moral fabric.
Reception.
Anil Dharker, writing for "International Film Guide", wrote a positive review to the film, calling it "ambitious" and noting it as "the most complex of Benegal's films so far", which is "carefully paced" and "expertly put together". Dharker praised the cinematographic work and the acting: "Govind Nihalani, Benegal's regular cameraman, highlights each shifting mood with skilful lighting. The cast, most of it Benegal regulars, is excellent, with virtuoso performances from Victor Banerjee, and Shashi Kapoor..." The film was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5909618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909618" title="Deathtrap (play)">
Deathtrap (play)

Deathtrap is a play by Ira Levin in 1978 with many plot twists and which references itself as a play within a play. It is in two acts with one set and five characters. It holds the record for the longest running comedy-thriller on Broadway and was also nominated for the Tony Award for Best Play. "Deathtrap" was well received by many and has been frequently revived. It was adapted into a film starring Christopher Reeve, Michael Caine, and Dyan Cannon in 1982.
Synopsis.
ACT I, SCENE 1
Sidney Bruhl, a previously successful playwright, has had a series of box office flops and is having trouble writing. Sidney mimics reading a play that he tells his wife, Myra, he has received from a student of his, Clifford Anderson. Sidney asserts that the student's play is a certain hit. Interspersed with reassurances that he is only kidding, he frightens Myra with suggestions that he may kill Clifford in order to steal the script. Sidney telephones Clifford to invite him over to give him suggestions on improving the play. Clifford's play is, like the actual play itself, titled "Deathtrap," and is also a one set, five character thriller.
SCENE 2
Sidney arrives back at his den, having picked up Clifford at the train station. After socializing briefly, Sidney determines that there are no other carbon copies or xeroxes of the play in existence and escalates the sense that he may kill Clifford. To the horror of his wife, Myra, Sidney appears to choke the young man to death and drags him off to bury him.
SCENE 3
As Sidney returns from disposing of Clifford's body, psychic Helga ten Dorp comes to the Bruhl home to warn Sidney and Myra that she is having visions of terrible pain coming from the Bruhl home. Helga wanders around the house revealing visions that appear to be only partially correct. Sidney, relieved that Helga has not accurately envisioned the murder, reassures Myra to the point that she admits her own secret wish that Sidney was going to go through with the murder to steal the script. As Sidney and Myra are about to go to bed, Clifford, covered in mud, snatches Sidney from behind, and apparently beats Sidney to death. Myra, shocked and terrified, collapses and dies, victim of a heart attack. Clifford confirms Myra's death and exclaims to Sidney that their plan has been successful: Clifford's murder had been staged to shock and kill Myra. 
ACT II, SCENE 1
Two weeks have elapsed. Clifford is working on his manuscript. Sidney continues to suffer from writer's block. Porter Milgrim, Sidney's attorney, throws suspicions on Clifford by alerting Sidney that he has seen Clifford locking his manuscript into his desk drawer. Sidney surreptitiously reads Clifford's manuscript and discovers that Clifford is writing a play called "Deathtrap" based directly on the plot to cause Myra's heart attack. Sidney confronts Clifford, who threatens to move out and write the play regardless of whether Sidney wants him to or not. Sidney agrees to help Clifford write his play.
SCENE 2
Helga comes again to warn Sidney that Clifford is going to attack him. Sidney tells Clifford that he has completed work on the second act but needs to see if what he's written will be believable. By "trying out" these bits, Sidney believes that he is laying the groundwork to make his intended murder of Clifford (to stop Clifford from actually writing the play about Myra's murder) look like self-defense. Clifford, however, is several steps ahead of Sidney. He has put blanks in Sidney's gun and now forces Sidney to handcuff himself to a chair. Sidney's attempt to kill Clifford has given Clifford the plot details he needs to complete his play. The handcuffs prove fake, and Sidney escapes shoots Clifford with a crossbow. Sidney starts to telephone the police, but Clifford rises up behind him, and pulls the arrow from his own body, and stabs Sidney. Both die.
SCENE 3
Helga and Porter return to Sidney's den. Helga envisions what has actually occurred and tells Porter. Both realize simultaneously that the story would make an excellent thriller and that the title "Deathtrap" is ideal, but immediately argue and threaten each other over whether they will share in the rewards their "one set, five character" play, "Deathtrap" will undoubtedly reap.
Curtain.
Production history.
Following a Boston tryout at the Wilbur Theatre, "Deathtrap" enjoyed a four-year run on Broadway, opening under the direction of Robert Moore on February 26, 1978, at the Music Box Theatre, moving to the Biltmore Theatre on January 7, 1982, and closing on June 13 of that year. It received a rave review from "New York Times" theater critic Walter Kerr, who wrote that it contained "effrontery everywhere and fun straight through." However, the Times' other theater critic, Richard Eder, panned the play.
The opening cast featured:
Seldes appeared in every one of the play's 1,793 performances, a feat that earned her a mention in the "Guinness Book of World Records" as "most durable actress." Cast replacements as Sidney included Stacy Keach, John Cullum, Robert Reed, and Farley Granger.
In 1982, "Deathtrap" was adapted into a film of the same name. It featured a romantic kiss between the two male leads. The two characters have generally been recognized as gay, though one theater publication noted in 1983 that "The homosexuality in mainstream plays such as "Deathtrap" do not immediately command an audience's attention." According to Martin Andrucki, professor of theater at Bates College, "It is a gay relationship, but it's a tacit one."
A revival, directed by Matthew Warchus, opened in London at the Noël Coward Theatre on August 21, 2010, starring Simon Russell Beale as Sidney, Claire Skinner as Myra, Jonathan Groff as Clifford, Estelle Parsons as Helga and Terry Beaver as Porter.
In 2012, the author's estate denied the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center permission to revive its production of the play. The refusal was initially based on a short scene in which Clifford was seen naked from the rear for less than 30 seconds at the end of the first act. Later permission was granted on condition that the staging avoid any suggestion of a physical relationship between Clifford and Sidney, and the Center chose not to proceed under that restriction. The staging had presented the pair as a male couple who embraced and kissed.
Awards.
"Deathtrap" was nominated in 1978 for a Tony Award for Best Play. Levin also received his second Edgar Award.
Reception.
The play is known as one of the biggest hits on Broadway, running for four years with almost 1800 performances. The preface to the published script describes it as "something so evil that it infects all who touch it. The thing has a life of its own. In "Deathtrap", Levin has taken the basic components of thrillers and horror stories; murder, deceit, innocent dialogue with hidden sinister meanings, plot reversals, unexpected turns of events, etc., and twisted and rearranged the pieces again and again."

</doc>
<doc id="5909622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909622" title="The World is Round (disambiguation)">
The World is Round (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="5909624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909624" title="West Indian pound">
West Indian pound

The West Indies pound was the currency of several British Caribbean territories until 1949 when it was generally replaced by the West Indian dollar. It was equivalent to the pound sterling and was divided into 20 shillings, each of 12 pence.

</doc>
<doc id="5909630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909630" title="Winds Devouring Men">
Winds Devouring Men

Winds Devouring Men is the fifth album by neoclassical band Elend. It is the first album in the "Winds Cycle" trilogy. The special edition was released in a digipak with a bonus track called "Silent Slumber: A God That Breeds Pestilence".
This album is notable as a progression from earlier Elend work in that it does not rely on synthesizers and sequencing to achieve an orchestral sound — though there are still computerized effects, the majority of the music is played on acoustic instruments by chamber musicians.
Track listing.
"* Bonus track on special edition."

</doc>
<doc id="5909643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909643" title="A Rose Is Still a Rose">
A Rose Is Still a Rose

A Rose is Still a Rose is the thirty-sixth studio album by American recording artist Aretha Franklin. Released in March 1998, it resulted in the singer's most critically acclaimed and best-selling album of the 1990s. It was also her first Gold-certified studio album in twelve years.
Background.
By 1997, Aretha Franklin hadn't recorded a studio album in six years following the release of 1991's ill-fated "What You See Is What You Sweat". Franklin remained active, providing songs on film soundtracks, such as "Malcolm X", "" and "Waiting to Exhale". Franklin also released her first greatest-hits album of her Arista tenure in 1994, which included two new singles produced by Babyface, including the top 40 hit, "Willing to Forgive".
In the meantime, word came that Franklin was working with younger producers trying to re-connect with a new audience that was embracing neo soul and hip hop soul artists, such as Mariah Carey, Mary J. Blige, Erykah Badu and The Fugees. When reports emerged that Franklin's new album would include Sean "Puffy" Combs, Jermaine Dupri and The Fugees' Lauryn Hill, there were mixed reactions from fans and critics unsure what to expect from the collaborations, as other attempts to modernize Franklin's classic soul sound produced mixed results – her last hit album was 1986's "Aretha".
Release and reception.
Prior to releasing the album's first single, Franklin made headlines for two stand-out performances at the Grammy Awards in February 1998.
The first was her 1967 classic, "Respect", which she sang in a renewed version inspired by her role in the sequel to "The Blues Brothers", she later presented a Grammy award. Then, shortly before opera singer Luciano Pavarotti was to receive a Lifetime Achievement Award, Pavarotti called in sick. As organisers looked to find a replacement, Franklin opted to fill in as she had sung with Pavarotti weeks earlier.
Franklin later stated it took 30 minutes to get prepared for the performance and the singer admitted having real concern over how the performance would go. However, her worries were unfounded when she performed "Nessun Dorma" in Pavarotti's musical key. Her performance won a standing ovation.
Shortly after the Grammy performance, the title track was quietly issued to radio stations in the late winter of 1998. The title track was produced by Hill, who also provided background vocals. The song's lyrics focused on a wiser woman giving advice to a younger woman going through relationship problems and self-identity issues. It featured a modern soul production by Hill and a vocally rejuvenated Franklin, who had begun singing in her higher register again after years of singing in a lower register, due to declining vocals brought on by years of chain smoking. The song was also given its own video, which gained heavy rotation on BET. The video featured not only Hill, but other modern female soul artists, who were admittedly influenced by Franklin, including Faith Evans.
The single became a success on release and crossed over to pop radio where the song peaked at #26 on the Hot 100, marking the forty-fifth top 40 hit of Franklin's long career. The album was issued in March 1998, a month following Franklin's showstopping Grammy performance, gaining successful sales, peaking at #30 on the Billboard 200 and #7 on the R&B chart. Though the album failed to produce additional Top 40 hits – the follow-up "Here We Go Again" (produced by Jermaine Dupri) peaked at #76 on the Hot 100 and #24 on the R&B chart. The album sold well enough to give Franklin her first Gold album in 12 years. As of July 2002, the album had sold 390,000 copies in the United States, according to Nielsen SoundScan.

</doc>
<doc id="5909651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909651" title="2005 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team">
2005 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team

The 2005 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team represented the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in the 2005 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team was coached by Bill Callahan and played their home games in Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Before the season.
Nebraska experienced many changes to their team's roster; not only did key wide receiver Ross Pilkington leave the team after he gave up football, but after the spring game, new junior college transfer Zac Taylor replaced the 2004 starter Joe Dailey at the key position of quarterback. Shortly thereafter Joe Dailey transferred to North Carolina.
Game notes.
Maine.
Speculation that the 2005 season could perhaps be worse than the 2004 season began when Nebraska struggled to defeat the severe underdog Maine team 25–7.
Wake Forest.
The team went on to crush the Wake Forest Demon Deacons (Zac Taylor's former four year college) 31–3. The win was unusual in that Nebraska's defense scored more points than either team's offense (Nebraska's defense scored 18 points, their offense 6, their special teams 7).
Pittsburgh.
Their next game is arguably one of the most climactic in the history of all of football. The score was Nebraska 7 and the Pittsburgh Panthers 6. With 7 seconds remaining, the Panthers were going to attempt a game winning field goal from 36 yards. The ball was snapped with the holder unprepared for the play. The ball rebounded off the holder's helmet. Pittsburgh's kicker recovered the ball and threw it incomplete to preserve time. One second remained on the clock as Pittsburgh prepared for the final play. Pittsburgh attempted the kick again, the holder prepared this time. Pittsburgh's kicker looked as though he would have made the field goal had it not been blocked by Nebraska's Adam Ickes.
Iowa State.
Nebraska's next game was equally exciting as unranked and undefeated Nebraska took on the #23 Iowa State Cyclones. They won in a hard fought match that went into 2 overtimes by a score of 27–20. The game marked the first time that overtime had occurred in Memorial Stadium. Regardless of the quality win, Nebraska remained unranked.
Texas Tech.
Nebraska was the only team that was unranked and had no losses going into their next game against the 15th ranked Texas Tech Red Raiders. After trailing 21–0 in the first half, Nebraska fought back and eventually gained a 31–27 foothold over Texas Tech. In the final minutes of the game, Nebraska seemingly sealed their victory and a top 25 ranking when lineman LeKevin Smith intercepted a Texas Tech pass only to fumble it seconds later to return possession to Texas Tech. The Red Raiders were given a second-chance and with time winding down threw the game winning touchdown pass to defeat Nebraska.
Kansas.
The Huskers lost 3 of their next 4 games, including losses to their rival Missouri Tigers, who defeated them 41–24, a crushing 40-15 defeat to the Kansas Jayhawks (which snapped a 36 year winning streak over Kansas), and rival Oklahoma Sooners, the latter being lost in the final minutes of the game. (This victory was vacated by an NCAA disciplinary panel in July 2007 and then conversely overruled in February 2008.) The only win in this slump was a victory over a sub-par Baylor team.
Kansas State.
In a particularly windy game against Kansas State, Nebraska trailed 25–24 with 4:18 remaining in the game. Zac Taylor was on the receiving end of a hard hit that landed him with a mild concussion, removing him from the game. Zac remained on the ground for a couple of minutes with Callahan and KSU's Bill Snyder towering over him. The sold out crowd began to chant his name, as Taylor tried to recompose himself. Backup quarterback, freshman Harrison Beck, recorded his first action in a college football game. After throwing an interception in his first drive, he threw a key reception in Nebraska's final drive. Freshman kicker Jordan Congdon came in to make the go-ahead field goal. This was a risky move as the wind was swirling and was so strong that it ripped the stadium's mammoth U.S. flag off a crane that was suspending it, seemingly as a testament to its power. Regardless Congdon made the 40-yard field goal to give Nebraska the win.
Colorado.
Nebraska's final regular season game of 2005 was at Colorado. Colorado, who was leading the Big 12 North division in the race to the Big 12 championship game, was the heavy favorite, as Nebraska was cold after 3 straight losses followed by a near miss against a struggling Kansas State team. Tension built up between the rivals as a verbal skirmish involving every player erupted in the center of the field between the two teams when Nebraska mistook Colorado players walking toward their half of the field as an insult. Colorado was stunned, however, when Nebraska dominated Colorado in every aspect of the game. Wearing motivational T-Shirts reading "RESTORE THE ORDER" underneath their jerseys, Nebraska beat Colorado 30–3 with breakout performances from nearly every player, particularly Zac Taylor and Colorado native Cory Ross.
Michigan.
The team finished with 7 wins and 4 losses in the regular season. Nebraska would play their bowl game against the Michigan Wolverines in the 2005 Alamo Bowl in San Antonio, Texas. With 2 seconds left in the game the Wolverines trailed the Cornhuskers 32-28 and set up the hook & lateral play for a miracle touchdown. In one of the wildest finishes ever, Michigan lateraled the football 9 times, fumbling once on their way to a 59 yard gain. In the midst of all this the entire Nebraska sideline stormed the field in celebration thinking the game was over when Michigan fumbled the ball (from their point of view they could not see that the ball was loose and assumed the Michigan player to be down). Many players thinking the play was over stopped playing entirely. This allowed the Michigan ball carrier to run by them, In all the confusion some Michigan players did not block for their carrier. Before the play was over the Cornhuskers, several Michigan players and coaches, and several other individuals along with the awards podium were on the field, and the game officials had left to submit their votes for the award winners. The Michigan ball carrier had been pushed out of bounds inside of the red zone. No penalties were awarded to either team because the officials had already left. When all was said and done, Nebraska came off with a victory and ended their season with an 8–4 record.
After the season.
Bill Callahan's second season as coach concluded with his Huskers finishing the season with an 8–4 record, an improvement over the 5–6 record of 2004.
Awards.
<br>
NFL and Pro Players.
The following Nebraska players who participated in the 2005 season later moved on to the next level and joined a professional or semi-pro team as draftees or free agents.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5909658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909658" title="Sandrine Bailly">
Sandrine Bailly

Sandrine Bailly (born November 25, 1979, in Belley, Ain) is a former French biathlete. She was most successful in the 2004–05 season, when she could win the overall World Cup, and in the 2007–08 season, when she finished second. In 2003, she became world champion in the 10 km pursuit (together with Martina Glagow).
Career.
Bailly has achieved 20 victories in the Biathlon World Cup, as well as numerous wins on the youth and junior levels. In the 2004–05 season she was the most successful female athlete in the overall World Cup (most points in all events) after placing third in the previous year. She also won the World Cup ranking in the 10 km pursuit discipline. In the 2007–08 season, she finished second in the overall standings and, again, first in the pursuit discipline.
Bailly has won seven medals at the Biathlon World Championships (three in individual events and four in relays). She is well-remembered for winning the pursuit gold medal during the 2003 World Championships in Khanty-Mansiysk, sharing it with German biathlete Martina Glagow as both had exactly the same time on the finish line, a first in biathlon history.
For several years Bailly has also closed out most relays for the French national team. Her greatest success in that discipline was the silver medal in the 4×6 km relay at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada.
Achievements.
Individual victories.
"20 victories (9 Sp, 9 Pu, 1 In, 1 MS)" 

</doc>
<doc id="5909665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909665" title="Evsei Agron">
Evsei Agron

Evsei Agron (died May 1985) was a thief in law and boss of New York City's Russian Mafia during the 1970s and '80s. 
Born in Leningrad, Agron immigrated to the United States under the Jackson-Vanik Amendment in 1975. He swiftly gained control of criminal operations among the Soviet Jews living in Brighton Beach. Agron organized a motor fuel racket which would earn millions, if not billions, through fuel tax fraud. This type of fraud, which involved selling tax-free home heating oil as diesel fuel, eventually cost the state of New Jersey alone an estimated $1 billion annually in lost tax revenues. 
However, as other mobsters closed in on the operation, a rival organization began expanding its own criminal operations under Boris Goldberg (who, in 1989, would be charged under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) for drug trafficking, armed robbery, extortion, arms dealing and attempted murder). 

</doc>
<doc id="5909685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909685" title="Taryn Thomas">
Taryn Thomas

Taryn Thomas (born May 27, 1983) is an American pornographic actress.
Biography.
Upon turning 18, Thomas began working for Lightspeed Media Corporation doing internet photo shoots and softcore pornography (a total of about 20 appearances). In late 2004, Thomas traveled to Southern California with the intention of pursuing a career in hardcore pornography. " 12 on 1 #2" by Lethal Hardcore, was the first DVD that Thomas shot in California and featured her performing with Penny Flame, Sandra Romain and Melissa Lauren.
Thomas was nominated for the AVN Award for Best New Starlet in 2006, and won the Dirtiest Girl in Porn Award presented by the Fans of Adult Media and Entertainment (F.A.M.E.) in June 2006. She has also appeared on the Howard Stern Show and participated in the Pornstar Beauty Pageant, competing against Taylor Wane and Carmen Luvana.
After suffering a major anal tear, Thomas gained weight and took her departure from the adult film industry to study cosmetology. In addition to her cosmetology studies, Thomas has also attended real estate school and has a pharmacy technician's license. In this period Thomas kept a blog documenting her weight loss efforts. Eventually, she met her weight loss goal and in May 2007 Thomas announced her return to the adult film industry. Since then she has starred in several different films and has been documenting her career on her blog.
In October 2009, Thomas released "Vogue Nasty", her first video under her production company, Taryn It Up Entertainment. She played the parody role of Snooki in "Jersey Shore XXX" in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5909694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909694" title="American College of Medical Genetics">
American College of Medical Genetics

The American College of Medical Genetics (ACMG) is an organization composed of biochemical, clinical, cytogenetic, medical and molecular geneticists, genetic counselors and other health care professionals committed to the practice of medical genetics.
History.
The ACMG, incorporated in 1991, stated mission to give national representation to providers of genetic services and their patients with genetic disorders; to provide education and resources for the medical genetics profession; to improve the health of the public by promoting the development and implementation of methods to diagnose, treat and prevent genetic disease.
In 1993, ACMG publishes the first edition of the "ACMG Standards and Guidelines for Clinical Genetic Laboratories" and supports formation of American Board of Genetic Counseling.
The first "Annual Clinical Genetic Meeting" is held in 1994. Next year, the College becomes a full member of the Council of Medical Specialty Societies.
ACMG has an Official Journal of the American College of Medical Genetics, the Genetics in Medicine. The first issue was released in 1998.
Mission statement.
ACMG aims to develop clinical practice guidelines; laboratory services directories, databases, population screening guidelines and to establish uniform laboratory standards, quality assurance and proficiency testing.
Ethical Guidelines for Pedatric Genetic Testing.
American Academy of Pediatrics AAP with AGCM posted guidelines in dealing with the Ethical Issues in Pediatric genetic testing.

</doc>
<doc id="5909726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909726" title="Lovin' Each Day">
Lovin' Each Day

"Lovin' Each Day" is the fourth and final single released from Boyzone frontman Ronan Keating's debut solo album, "Ronan". The song was written by Gregg Alexander and Rick Nowels. The song was only included on the re-release of the album, before appearing on Keating's second album, "Destination". The single was released on April 16, 2001, peaking at #2 on the UK Singles Chart. Sales of the song increased when it was used as the theme for Sky Sports' Ford Super Sunday coverage in 2001. In 2002, the song was used in a Busch Entertainment advertising campaign for the chain's two Busch Gardens parks.

</doc>
<doc id="5909739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909739" title="Fantasista">
Fantasista

Fantasista may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909743" title="21 (Omarion album)">
21 (Omarion album)

21 is the second studio album from R&B singer & former B2K frontman Omarion. The 1st single off the album was "Entourage" written by Andre Merritt & produced by Eric Hudson. The 2nd single "Icebox", produced by Timbaland. Other collaborators on the album include Pharrell & songwriter Bryan Michael Cox. The album name "21" was inspired from when Omarion turned 21-years-old months before his album release.
The album landed at #1 in the Billboard 200, selling 119,000 copies in its first week, making it his second album to hit #1, although selling 60,000 less than his first solo album "O". It has sold over 390,000 copies in the United States up to November 2008.
Track listing.
(co.) Co-producer.

</doc>
<doc id="5909746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909746" title="Ennis Whatley">
Ennis Whatley

Ennis Whatley (born August 11, 1962) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Kansas City Kings in the first round (13th overall) of the 1983 NBA Draft. Whatley played in ten NBA seasons. A 6'3" (1.90 m) and 177 lb (80 kg) guard, he played for the Chicago Bulls, then as backcourt partner of a rookie named Michael Jordan, the Cleveland Cavaliers, Washington Bullets, San Antonio Spurs, Atlanta Hawks, Los Angeles Clippers and Portland Trail Blazers.
Whatley's best year as a professional came during the 1986–87 season as a Bullet, when he appeared in 73 games and averaged 8.5 points per game (ppg). In 10 NBA seasons, Whatley played in a total of 385 games and scored 2,150 points, thus averaging 5.6 ppg. 
Born and raised in Birmingham, Alabama, Whatley attended Phillips High School and the University of Alabama. 
Philippine Basketball Association.
Whatley had experienced some success in the Philippines when he played as an import in the Philippine Basketball Association in 1989. In the Reinforced Conference of that season, he helped the San Miguel Beermen become only the second team in PBA history to achieve the Grand Slam by leading them to the third and final conference championship.
He came in as a replacement for former Indiana University standout and future Sacramento Kings coach Keith Smart, who was sent home after five games. 
Whatley would return to the PBA in 1990, playing for Presto Tivoli.

</doc>
<doc id="5909748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909748" title="Baralt Theater">
Baralt Theater

El Teatro Baralt is an important Venezuelan cultural institution dating from the first half of the 19th century, and headquartered in downtown Maracaibo, at the north-western corner of Plaza Bolivar, at the intersection of the streets Urdaneta and Venezuela. Its famous home, today's Baralt Theater (Teatro Baralt) has undergone a long history of constructions.
Construction of the theater started in 1839 on the property donated by wealthy landowner, don Miguel Antonio Baralt, son of don Ignacio Baralt y Torres - founder of that lineage in Venezuela - and father in turn of one of the glories of Venezuela's literary world: the famed author Rafael María Baralt. With subsequent additional help from the "Society of Industralists", under the presidency of José Montaña Arrieta, a decree was emitted by that society on December 5 of 1845, committing the amount of 3,000 pesos for the construction of a more permanent structure within the property of don Miguel. This first structure, operating between the 1840s and 1870s, was known as Baralt's Theater (or Teatro "de" Baralt), following a custom dating from decades before, when don Miguel used to lend his parcel of land between Urdaneta and Venezuela for impromptu theatrical performances using a temporarily built stage. As such, this location had been associated with theatrical performances since the early parts of the 19th century and the informal denomination, "el Teatro de Baralt" (after don Miguel), stuck until that time when his donation of land to the city allowed for the construction of an even grander venue.
This occurred on July 28 of 1877, when general Rafael Parra, then President of the State of Zulia (the equivalent of today's modern title of Governor), ordered the demolition of the old theater and construction of the new, proceeding to place the first stone of the new complex on October 7 of the same year. The new building, in neo-classical style, was finished on time for a spectacular inauguration made to coincide with the centennial of Simon Bolivar's birth in 1883, being rechristened Teatro Baralt in honor of don Miguel's son... that famous man of letters mentioned above. A Spartan building, built in the same spirit of the classical productions it had the good fortune to host, it remained a favorite of Maracaibo's elite until its demolition in 1928 at the orders of Vicente Pérez Soto, then Governor of the State, to be replaced by a design by the architect León Jerónimo Hoet - opening its doors on December 19, 1932.
On November 1981, Baralt Theater joined the list of Venezuela's National Monuments; often a first step in the arduous and very selective process of becoming a World Heritage Site. After an extensive and expert restoration, the theater reopened its doors in 1998 regaling the urban landscape with yet another architectural jewel, one which remains a treasured Venezuelan institution to this day.
Credits.
Renacer de sueños – La historia del Teatro Baralt.
Type: Documentary; sponsored by URBE, Universidad Rafael Belloso Chacín. Alejandro Arteaga Jurado, dir.
Consultants: Zaida Gotera de Prado, presidenta Fundacion Teatro Baralt; Mgs. Nereida Petit, arquitecta historiadora; Aleksie Garcia, Coordinator of Centro Rafael Urdaneta.
Additional Sponsors, Fototeca Arturo Lares Baralt, photography; Fundacion Teatro Baralt, et al.

</doc>
<doc id="5909752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909752" title="Hedda Nussbaum">
Hedda Nussbaum

Hedda Nussbaum (born 1942) is an American woman who was caretaker for a six-year old girl who died of physical abuse in 1987. The death of the girl, known as Lisa Steinberg, sparked a lengthy and controversial trial and media frenzy. The legal case was one of the first to be televised "gavel to gavel." Supporters characterized Nussbaum as a victim of horrific domestic abuse at the hands of her boyfriend, Joel Steinberg. Critics suggested she was a consensual partner in a sado-masochistic relationship and an unprosecuted conspirator in the young girl's death.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Before meeting Joel Steinberg in 1975, Nussbaum had been an editor and author of children's books at Random House publishers, and before that at Appleton Century Crofts. She was a very gentle, patient, and friendly person in the workplace, rather soft-spoken and of somewhat delicate appearance. Steinberg was a defense attorney who sometimes handled adoption cases. Beginning in 1976, Nussbaum and Steinberg lived together in a brownstone apartment in New York City's Greenwich Village. Her 1977 book, "Plants Do Amazing Things", was dedicated, in part, "to Joel, my everyday inspiration."
Due to Nussbaum's occasionally obvious bruises and other injuries, friends and colleagues suspected that Nussbaum was the victim of domestic violence. Neighbors later stated to police they believed that Nussbaum and Steinberg were active participants in a "some kind of a sexual sadomasochistic game." Friends occasionally offered to help if Nussbaum was being abused, but she declined their offers of intervention or aid and refused to implicate Steinberg. After extended absences from work, Random House put Nussbaum on consulting editor status in 1982.
In 1981, under dubious legal circumstances, Nussbaum and Steinberg took custody of an infant girl they named Lisa. The girl's birth mother had paid Steinberg a $500.00 legal fee to place the child with a Roman Catholic family; both Steinberg and Nussbaum were Jewish. Under similar circumstances, Nussbaum and Steinberg later took in a toddler they named Mitchell. Nussbaum and Steinberg never legally adopted either child.
In her 2005 book "Surviving Intimate Terrorism", Nussbaum argued that her denial of the danger she and her children lived in was typical of some chronically maltreated persons (see battered person syndrome). Nussbaum claimed that she fled from the home six times, only to later return. In her 2005 book, Nussbaum also mentions the medical theory that trauma, especially prolonged trauma, can elicit the body's production of opioids that produce mental and physical numbness. In her 2005 book, Nussbaum also suggests that her "numbness" further reduced her ability to think and act clearly, akin to "Stockholm Syndrome", a mental state wherein victims identify with their abusers.
Lisa's death and subsequent trial.
According to initial police reports, on November 1, 1987 around 7:00 p.m., Steinberg rendered Lisa unconscious with a severe blow to the head. Nussbaum remained alone with the dying child for roughly ten hours, failing to notify police or medical personnel. Steinberg departed and returned several times, sometimes freebasing cocaine. According to initial police reports, Nussbaum didn't notify authorities because she believed Steinberg had supernatural healing powers. At roughly 6.00 a.m. the next morning, Lisa stopped breathing. Shortly thereafter, Steinberg telephoned 9-1-1 at Nussbaum's urging.
After Lisa's death, Mitchell was discovered in squalid conditions. The child's birth mother, Nicole Smiegel, had waived her parental rights. However, since a legal adoption had never occurred, Smiegel was ultimately granted custody of her son.
When authorities learned of Lisa's death, they initially charged both Nussbaum and Steinberg with complicity. In the course of the investigation, however, charges were later dropped against Nussbaum. She agreed to testify against Steinberg, and medical examination revealed that Nussbaum was anemic, malnourished, and suffering from broken bones and chronic infections. With these findings, authorities determined that Nussbaum was physically incapable of seriously wounding Lisa.
Nussbaum's courtroom testimony against Steinberg earned substantial media attention, due in part to her face showing obvious evidence of physical trauma. There were also indications, as Nussbaum testified in court, that Lisa had been sexually abused by people outside of her immediate family. During the trial, medical experts testified that while Lisa's injuries were severe, she would have almost certainly survived if given prompt medical treatment.
Steinberg was convicted on charges of second-degree manslaughter. After serving 16 years at the Southport Correctional Facility in Pine City, New York, he was released on parole in 2004.
Later life.
In the years following Lisa's death, Nussbaum worked to rebuild her life and had numerous reconstructive plastic surgeries. She also co-facilitated a support group for battered women for about eight years and later worked as a paralegal for an organization that assists battered women. In 1995, Nussbaum began giving lectures about abuse at colleges and shelters. When Steinberg was released from prison, however, she receded from public attention until the publication of her book a year and a half later.
Nussbaum currently lives in Hackensack, New Jersey.
Analyses.
According to D. Kelly Weisberg, the Nussbaum case polarized feminist scholars and activists. Some saw Nussbaum as an archetypal victim of domestic violence whose actions were controlled and restricted not only by her abusive partner, but also by the culture at large that denies the seriousness of abuse in the home. Other leading feminists—notably Susan Brownmiller—suggested that while Nussbaum suffered violence from her partner, she may also have shared full culpability for Lisa's death.
Bibliography.
Books by Nussbaum include:

</doc>
<doc id="5909754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909754" title="Dibenzazepine">
Dibenzazepine

Dibenzazepine (iminostilbene) is a chemical compound with two benzene rings fused to an azepine group.
Dibenzazepine is used as an intermediate for the synthesis of specific analgesic and antipsychotic agents.
Many tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) including clomipramine, desipramine, doxepin, imipramine, imipraminoxide, lofepramine, metapramine, opipramol, quinupramine, and trimipramine contain saturated dibenzazepine moieties in their chemical structures.

</doc>
<doc id="5909755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909755" title="Happy Pills">
Happy Pills

Happy Pills is the third studio album by Seattle post-grunge band, Candlebox. It features former Pearl Jam drummer Dave Krusen who replaced Scott Mercado in 1997. "Happy Pills" did not gain the success of its predecessors and would be the last Candlebox album before their hiatus in 2000. It would also be the final Candlebox album recorded for Maverick.
Four of the album's tracks would be included on "The Best of Candlebox" in 2006.
The album was produced by Ron Nevison and Candlebox.
Background and recording.
The band had asked their fans to submit concept cover art for their upcoming album. They originally promised the gold press CD for the 1st place winner but after having trouble obtaining it, awarded a personalized platinum plaque.
Three songs were left unfinished from the "Happy Pill"s recording sessions. These were intended to be completed for B-side release in 1999.
Touring and promotion.
Touring for "Happy Pills" began only after the album's recording and release. In a 2007 interview, frontman Kevin Martin expressed regret in this process, stating that the songs have been able to mature through the following years of live performances.
The band's concert schedule would face numerous defects. In mid-1998, Martin suffered a burst blood vessel in his throat, forcing the band to cancel some shows. Months later, they were asked to join Aerosmith on the of their Nine Lives Tour in December. Krusen departed from Candlebox in January 1999 and was replaced by Shannon Larkin of Ugly Kid Joe. Bardi Martin also left for college and was replaced by Rob Redick, formerly of Dig.
"It's Alright" would be the album's lead single and chart well. A music video was filmed but after a negative response from the band, a second version was quickly shot in California on July 7.

</doc>
<doc id="5909757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909757" title="Jason Pearce">
Jason Pearce

Jason Daniel Pearce (born 6 December 1987) is an English footballer who plays for Leeds United as a defender. He is a former captain of both Portsmouth and Bournemouth.
Career.
Youth career.
Having joined Portsmouth as an apprentice in 2004, Pearce rose through the ranks. His professionalism despite his tender years earned him his first pro-contract in June 2006. He failed to make one appearance for Portsmouth during his first session with the club, and was loaned to Bognor Regis Town and Woking.
Bournemouth.
On 9 August 2007, Pearce moved along the south coast to Bournemouth, signing a two-year contract. He helped get Bournemouth promoted to League One from League Two during the 2009–10 season. On 4 January 2010, Pearce replaced Danny Hollands as first team captain, in a new-look structure that saw veteran striker Steve Fletcher become club captain.
During the 2010–11 season, Pearce led the club to the League One playoffs, however his involvement in the playoffs saw him sent off in extra time for a foul on Kevin Kilbane in the semi final second leg against Huddersfield Town as Bournemouth were knocked out on penalties and as a result unable to gain a back to back promotion. Pearce received Bournemouth's Player of the Year Award for the 2010–11 season.
Return to Portsmouth.
Pearce was sold back to his old club Portsmouth on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee, reported to be in the region of £300,000, up to £600,000, on 24 June 2011. Pearce joined his new club alongside David Norris when the first team came back from absence on 1 July.
After being suspended for the first three games of the season due to a red card in his last game for Bournemouth, Pearce made his debut on 16 August 2011, against Reading, playing as a centre-back. With Portsmouth in financial turmoil he was subject to a bid from Ipswich Town in January 2012, however he said he wanted to stay at Portsmouth under new manager Michael Appleton.
When Captain, Liam Lawrence was loaned to Cardiff City, On 3 March 2012, Pearce was named as the new permanent captain of Portsmouth. He took over the captain's armband in the Championship match against Middlesbrough in a 3–1 loss which could have possibly been the club's last match in existence. This was too much for the 24-year old captain who was reduced to tears at the end of the 90 minutes. At the end of the 2011–12 season, Portsmouth were relegated to League One, due to the financial problems at the club it was announced that Pearce would have to be sold to raise funds for the club. In April 2012, at the end of season awards, Pearce won seven out of the nine available supporters awards.
Leeds United.
On 4 May 2012, Pearce signed for Leeds United for an undisclosed fee, on a four-year contract. He was the clubs first signing of the summer. Upon signing, Pearce was given the number 5 shirt, which was previously allocated to Andy O'Brien. After Pearce had signed, Leeds' manager Neil Warnock revealed that he tried previously to sign Pearce while he was at Queens Park Rangers and also tried sign him on loan in March, after he had joined Leeds. Following Pearce transfer, Portsmouth administrator Trevor Birch defended the cut-price deal which saw Pearce join Leeds as he explained that such measures are necessary to keep relegated Pompey afloat.
Pearce made his competitive début for Leeds in the first game of the season against Shrewsbury Town in the League Cup on 11 August. Pearce made his league debut for Leeds their 1–0 victory against Wolverhampton Wanderers. He put in an impressive performance and received the man of the match award. With regular captain Lee Peltier out injured, Pearce was named captain for Leeds' 2–1 League Cup victory against Premiership side Everton on 25 September. Pearce also picked up a head injury in the same game which required stitches.
Pearce received a straight red card against Watford on 10 November, the red card would result in a three-match ban. After his red card, Leeds signed Alan Tate to cover Pearce's absence, however due to Tate's form, Pearce lost his place in the side upon return from suspension.
Following the arrival of Brian McDermott as manager and initially an injury to captain Lee Peltier. Pearce finished the season as the regular central defensive partner to Tom Lees. He scored his first goal for the club on 5 October, in a 3–1 defeat against Derby County. Pearce was awarded the man of the match award against Q.P.R. on 1 March 2014 in a 1-1 draw, up to this point in the season, Pearce had played every single minute of the 2013/14 season for Leeds with a string of impressive individual performances. Pearce, missed the following game against Bolton Wanderers on 8 March as his partner gave birth to their first child on 7 March.
On 3 May, At the club's annual awards ceremony, Pearce finished runner up to winner Ross McCormack in the Fans Player Of The Year award.

</doc>
<doc id="5909767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909767" title="Ohio Light Opera">
Ohio Light Opera

The Ohio Light Opera is a professional opera company based in Wooster, Ohio that performs the light opera repertory, including Gilbert and Sullivan, American, British and continental operettas, and other musical theatre works, especially of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The company is also known for its recordings of these works.
__TOC__
Description of the company.
The Ohio Light Opera was founded as a cultural and educational endeavor at the College of Wooster in 1979 and has been owned and operated since its inception by the College of Wooster. It grew out of the Kent State Light Opera, which was founded by James Stuart, formerly of the American Savoyards. When the Kent group ended, it was soon transferred to Wooster, with Stuart continuing as its guiding force. The company performs the entire Gilbert and Sullivan repertoire, as well as rarely performed American, British, and continental operettas, Edwardian musical comedies and other musical theatre, mostly of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Educationally, the company offers young, talented vocalists and instrumentalists the opportunity to perform in a professional setting. Tenor Chad Shelton performed with the company during the early part of his career.
In 2008, the company's 30th season, Ohio Light Opera presented its 100th production. The company's performing season usually starts in mid-June and ends in mid-August. It generally performs seven or eight different works in repertory in the course of a nine-week season that attracts approximately 22,000 patrons annually. Performances usually take place in the Freelander Theatre on the College of Wooster's campus in Wooster, Ohio.
Richard Morris of The Schubert Institute (UK) reported on the company's production of "Das Dreimäderlhaus" in 2002 as follows:
Recordings.
The company has produced numerous recordings, usually recorded live in performance. In addition to eight Gilbert and Sullivan recordings, it has recorded Victor Herbert's "Naughty Marietta", "Eileen", "Sweethearts" and "The Red Mill"; English-language versions of Emmerich Kálmán’s "Autumn Maneuvers", "The Bayadere", "The Violet of Montmartre", "Countess Maritza" and "Der Zigeunerprimas"; John Philip Sousa's "El Capitan"; and Rudolf Friml's "The Vagabond King" and "The Firefly", as well as lesser-known or rarely recorded works like "Veronique", "The Arcadians", De Koven's "Robin Hood", Zeller's "The Birdseller", "Das Dreimäderlhaus", Romberg's "Maytime", Breton's "La Verbena de la Paloma", William Walton's "Facade", English-language versions of Offenbach's "The Brigands" and "Bluebeard", Jerome Kern's "The Cabaret Girl" and Strauss's "A Night in Venice". 
Some of these recordings are CD premieres. While some of the recordings are described by the company as "complete", in fact they incorporate significant cuts. Reviewers have commented on the unevenness of Ohio Light Opera's casts and sometimes noted the American accents used in English works, but some of the recordings have received favorable reviews. "Fanfare" magazine called these recordings, particularly those "of lesser-known works ... valuable additions to recorded libraries". The company issued a 5-hour, 4-CD set of company highlights from its first 25 years called "Gold and Silver: Celebrating 25 Years of The Ohio Light Opera". The forty-page booklet enclosed with the set includes a company history and reminiscences of performers heard on the recordings.
The company has also released DVDs of their 2005 production of "A Soldier's Promise", an English-language adaptation of "Der gute Kamerad" by Emmerich Kálmán, and their 2009 production of Herbert's "Mlle. Modiste".

</doc>
<doc id="5909771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909771" title="Gräfenthal">
Gräfenthal

Gräfenthal is a town in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt in Thuringia, Germany.
Geography.
Gräfenthal is located in the southern Thüringer Schiefergebirge, a low mountain range south-eastern of the better known Thuringian Forest. Mountains in this region rise up to 800 meters above sea level and are usually wooded with spruce trees. 20 km north-eastern of Gräfenthal lies district town Saalfeld.
Neighboring municipalities (clockwise, starting northwards) are: Reichmannsdorf, Probstzella, Ludwigsstadt, Tettau, Oberland am Rennsteig, Piesau, Lichte, Schmiedefeld
Gräfenthal has 8 subdivisions:
History.
In 1288 the town was first mentioned. It was for much of its early history under various Ernestine princelings.
Economy and infrastructure.
Erstwhile mining and the location at the route for commerce between Nuremberg and Leipzig were important economical factors. Mainly iron, slate and alum had been mined. During the 20th century Gräfenthal was well known for its porcelain products. From the formerly three manufacturies only one is still in existence. Today a plastics factory is the main employer.
Gräfenthal lies on the road between Neuhaus am Rennweg and Probstzella. Further roads lead to surrounding municipalities. The town used to be connected to the railway-system up until the line section between Sonneberg and Probstzella became disused due to lacking profitability.

</doc>
<doc id="5909778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909778" title="Starrucca">
Starrucca

Starrucca may refer to:
In Pennsylvania:

</doc>
<doc id="5909780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909780" title="Sunwar the Dead">
Sunwar the Dead

Sunwar the Dead is an album by neoclassical band Elend. It is the second album in the "Winds Cycle".
Musicians.
Percussion.
All other instruments (flutes, prepared piano, spinet and other keyboards, santur, percussion) and vocals, sound-design and programming by Iskandar Hasnawi, Sébastien Roland and Renaud Tschirner.

</doc>
<doc id="5909788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909788" title="Chilly Scenes of Winter (film)">
Chilly Scenes of Winter (film)

Chilly Scenes of Winter (originally released as Head over Heels) is a 1979 romantic comedy film, written and directed by Joan Micklin Silver.
The film is an adaptation of the 1976 novel "Chilly Scenes of Winter" by Ann Beattie.
Name change.
The first version of the film, with the title "Head over Heels", had a happy ending. In 1982, the distributor re-released it with a new title to match the book, plus a new melancholy ending. The film had a more successful run this time.
Plot.
Charles Richardson is a civil servant in his early 30s, working in the Department of Development, Salt Lake City, Utah, and an impetuous romantic.
One day he meets Laura Conley in the filing department of his office and it is love at first sight.
Laura is a married woman who has just moved out on her husband Ox, a log home salesman. She is disillusioned by own marriage and wants to find herself.
Charles gathers courage and asks her out. Soon she moves in with him and seems happy.
But she starts having second thoughts. According to Laura, he loves her too much. "You have this exalted view of me, and I hate it. If you think I'm that great then there must be something wrong with you."
Laura leaves Charles and goes back to her husband, Ox.
Sam, recently unemployed as a jacket salesman, moves in with Charles, who tries to grapple with the loss of Laura. Charles's mother, meanwhile, is an eccentric who has suicidal thoughts.
Charles begins to make efforts to win Laura back.
Charles finds out from his secretary, Betty, that Laura has left Ox once again and is living in an apartment with a roommate.
Reception.
Reviewing the original version, Vincent Canby of The New York Times describes the film as "seeming to be on the verge of some revelation of profound feeling that, at long last, never comes." He does give high praise to the acting, writing, "there's not a false performance in the film." Leonard Maltin determines the film is divisive—"it will either charm or annoy" the viewer. He awards it two and a half stars, presumably the original version.

</doc>
<doc id="5909799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909799" title="Core Multiplexing Technology">
Core Multiplexing Technology

Core Multiplexing Technology is a term that appeared in some BIOSes; some people believe that it is an implementation of speculative multithreading technology developed by Intel, previously known as Core Mitosis to allow for multicore CPUs to act as a single, more powerful CPU core.
Details.
A subset of traditional applications are often difficult to parallelize and make use of additional CPU hardware available on the platform, restraining applications to use only one CPU. Core Multiplexing Technology would allow for a process to be split into multiple threads at compilation time and execution time by the introduction of speculative multithreading.
Much in the same way a branch predictor allows for a processor to speculate on the outcome of a branch operation without actually performing the operation, speculative multithreading allows for the processor to speculate deeper, executing entire branches of code on an additional core. Most of the implementation is done in software, with the compiler rearranging code to take better use of a multithreaded platform, which allows Simultaneous multithreading (SMT) and Multicore systems (or a combination of the two) to take advantage of the technology. But, because the data dependencies of speculative multithreading, and the necessity to manage inter-thread dependent data, hardware implementation must be taken into consideration.
Core Multiplexing Technology is thought to leverage Intel's Advanced Smart Cache technology of the upcoming Core 2 chips, which allows two cores to share a single L2 cache, and actively resize the cache between the two processors if one is idle, by allowing the two cores to share data to manage inter-thread dependent data.

</doc>
<doc id="5909803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909803" title="Sheridan College (Wyoming)">
Sheridan College (Wyoming)

Sheridan College is operated by the Northern Wyoming Community College District and includes the original campus in Sheridan, Wyoming, the Gillette Campus in Gillette, Wyoming, and outreach programs in Sheridan, Johnson, and Campbell Counties.
Sheridan College and Gillette Campus offer associate of arts, associate of science, and associate of applied science degrees, certificate programs, and program tracks that prepare students to transfer to a four-year college or university. In addition, students may elect to enroll in career training, professional development courses and/or vocational/technical programs.
Academics.
Sheridan College offers a personal learning environment, with small class sizes, that encourages innovation and fosters excellence. SC offers dozens of A.A. and A.S. transfer degree options and over 30 A.A.S. degrees and certificates for students in applied and technical programs.

</doc>
<doc id="5909804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909804" title="I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You)">
I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You)

"I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You)" is a 1967 soul single released by American recording artist Aretha Franklin. It became a defining song for Franklin in that it became the first big hit of her career. The song peaked at number one on the Rhythm and Blues charts and number nine on the pop charts. The B-side was "Do Right Woman, Do Right Man". Up until then, Franklin placed two Top 40 singles on the pop chart during her modest tenure on Columbia Records.
History.
Aretha Franklin had made nine albums while under contract to Columbia Records but had remained commercially unsucessful. When Columbia Records let Franklin's contract lapse in 1966, Atlantic Records producer Jerry Wexler quickly signed her, taking her in January 1967 to Muscle Shoals, Alabama, along with recording engineer Tom Dowd and Franklin's then-husband Ted White. Wexler had arranged for Chips Moman and Tommy Cogbill from Stax to join the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section at Rick Hall's FAME Studios. Musicians on the record included Melvin Lastie on trumpet, King Curtis and Charlie Chalmers on tenor sax, Willie Bridges on baritone sax, Spooner Oldham on electric piano, Chips Moman and Jimmy Johnson on guitar, Tommy Cogbill on bass, and Roger Hawkins on drums.
The first song they worked on was one that Franklin had brought with her, written by Ronnie Shannon.
After signing Franklin, Wexler requested her to record a blues song. Franklin later says of her Atlantic tenure that "they just told me to sit on the piano and sing". From the very first chord that Aretha played on the piano, it was clear to everyone that it was a magic moment. It was at that point that Spooner Oldham, who had been hired to play piano, stepped aside to play the electric piano. Within minutes of Franklin's recording, Wexler knew he had a hit.
The FAME session was later disrupted by a fight between Ted White and a musician after the musician was seen flirting with Franklin, leaving the B-side, "Do Right Woman, Do Right Man" unfinished. Wexler recorded more songs with Franklin in Atlantic's New York studio, with some members of the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section flown in to complete "Do Right Woman" and a number of other tracks (including "Respect").
"I Never Loved a Man" rose to #9 on the Billboard Hot 100 and became Franklin's first #1 hit on the R&B charts. It was also the title of Franklin's first Atlantic LP. Franklin would soon become a superstar after the release of this song. The song has since been called a pivotal moment in rock and roll. It ranked #189 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
The creation of the song is related in the BBC documentary series Soul Deep, including interviews with the original personnel including Aretha Franklin, Ronnie Shannon (demonstrating the central riff on electric piano), and Jerry Wexler.
Swedish pop group Roxette included the song in their MTV Unplugged show, in 1993. The song was later covered by Aerosmith as "Never Loved a Girl" on 2004's "Honkin' on Bobo" a collection of old blues and r&b songs. In 2006 Allison Crowe recorded the song for release on her album, This Little Bird. The song has also been performed on American Idol by contestants Sabrina Sloan in season 6 and Alexis Grace in season 8. Both performances received much acclaim. Grammy Award winners Alicia Keys, Kelly Clarkson, and Jennifer Hudson have also covered the song.
There are a number of renditions of this song on YouTube including Aretha performing it on the Lady Soul special from 1968. A live recording featured on the album "Aretha in Paris" (1968).
This song has been in many movies, such as the 1991 movie "The Commitments" and the 2007 movie "This Christmas", starring Loretta Devine and Chris Brown.
Garth Brooks for the 2013 "Blue-Eyed Soul" album in the "Blame It All on My Roots: Five Decades of Influences" compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="5909807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909807" title="Gransee">
Gransee

Gransee is a town in the Oberhavel district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 20 km south of Fürstenberg/Havel, and 55 km northwest of Berlin.
An important monument in the centre of town is the cast-iron and stone Memorial to Queen Luise (Luisendenkmal), which was designed by the German architect Karl Friedrich Schinkel in the neo-gothic style.
A sport airfield is situated in the eastern part of the town. It was assigned the IATA airport code ODEG and is one of the major drop zones in the vicinity of Berlin.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5909812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909812" title="United States Army officer rank insignia">
United States Army officer rank insignia

United States Army Officer rank insignia in use today.
History.
The structure of United States military ranks had its roots in British military traditions, adopting the same or similar ranks and titles. At the start of the American Revolutionary War in 1776, uniforms, let alone insignia, were barely affordable and recognition of ranks in the field was problematic. To solve this, General George Washington wrote:
In 1780, regulations prescribed silver stars for general officers, worn on epaulettes. From 1821 to 1832, the Army used chevrons to identify officer grades, a practice that is still observed at West Point for cadet officers.
In 1832, epaulettes were specified for all officers, and colonels began wearing the familiar eagle insignia. The epaulettes worn by the infantry were silver, while all other branches had gold epaulettes. In order that the rank insignia would be clearly discernible, they were of the opposite color; that is, the infantry colonels had an eagle of gold because it was placed on a silver epaulette and all other colonels had silver eagles on gold epaulettes. No insignia existed yet for lieutenant colonels, majors, captains, and lieutenants—the length and size of the fringe showing the difference of grade.
In 1836, shoulder straps were adopted to replace the epaulette for field duty. The straps followed the same color combination as the epaulettes; that is, the border was gold with silver insignia for all officers except those of infantry which had silver border with gold insignia. At that time, lieutenant colonels and majors were authorized leaves, captains were authorized two bars, and first lieutenants were authorized one bar on the shoulder straps.
In 1851, it was decided to use only silver eagles for colonels, as a matter of economy. The silver eagle was selected based on the fact that there were more colonels with the silver eagle that those with gold, primarily in the cavalry and artillery, hence it was cheaper to replace the numerically fewer gold ones in the infantry. At that time on the shoulder straps, lieutenant colonels wore an embroidered silver leaf; majors wore a gold embroidered leaf; and captains and first lieutenants wore gold bars. The second lieutenant had no grade insignia, but the presence of an epaulette or shoulder strap identified him as a commissioned officer. For majors, the shoulder strap contained an oak leaf, but like the second lieutenant, the epaulette had no grade insignia. However, the major was still distinguishable from the second lieutenant due to the more elaborate epaulette fringes worn by field grade officers.
In 1872, epaulettes were abolished for officers and replaced by shoulder knots. As the shoulder knots had no fringe, it was necessary that some change in the insignia on the dress uniform be made in order to distinguish the major from the second lieutenant. It was natural to use the gold leaf which the major had been wearing on the shoulder strap. In the same year, the bars on the shoulder straps of the captains and first lieutenants were changed from gold to silver.
By 1917 and the time of World War I, the olive drab service uniform had gradually become used more frequently and the blue uniform was worn only in the evenings and on dress occasions. As a result, metal insignia was authorized for wear on the service uniform on the shoulder loop and on the collar of the shirt when worn without a jacket. Shortly after the United States entered the war, only the service olive drab uniform was being worn. The need for an insignia for the second lieutenant became urgent. Among the proposals was one to authorize for that grade a single bar, the first lieutenant two bars, and the captain three bars. However, the policy of making as little change as possible prevailed, and a gold bar was adopted in 1917, following the precedent previously established by the adoption of the major’s insignia.
Silver versus gold.
In terms of heraldic tradition, these changes created the curious situation of silver outranking gold. One anecdotal explanation suggested by some NCOs is that the more-malleable gold suggests that the bearer is being "molded" for his or her responsibilities—as a junior company grade officer (while a second lieutenant) or a junior field grade officer (while a major). Another rationale, perhaps originally devised as a tool for recruits to sort out the confusion, proposed that the symbology was expressed as proximity to the heavens. Gold metal is the densest, thus deeper in the ground, than silver, followed by leaves on a tree above the metals, with eagles flying above the trees, and finally the stars in the firmament. In actuality, the precedence of silver outranking gold was a consequence of the decision in 1851 to select silver over gold as a matter of economy.
General of the Army / Armies.
While not currently in use today, special insignia were authorized by Congress for ten general officers who were promoted to the highest ranks in the United States Army: general of the army, designed as a "five-star" rank, and general of the armies, considered to be the equivalent of a "six-star" rank. Eight generals were promoted to the rank and title General of the Army (Ulysses S. Grant, William Tecumseh Sherman, Philip Sheridan, George Marshall, Douglas MacArthur, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Henry H. Arnold, and Omar Bradley), while two generals were promoted to the higher rank and title of General of the Armies of the United States (George Washington and John J. Pershing).
Congress created the rank of general of the armies specifically for Washington, although while living he never officially accepted the honor. Pershing received the rank in 1919 and was allowed to choose his own insignia; he chose to use four gold stars, but never actually wore the rank on his uniform. While a conjectural design for the rank of general of the armies was proposed using six silver stars when the promotion of Douglas MacArthur to the rank was considered in 1945, no design was ever officially authorized. In 1976, Congressman Mario Biaggi of New York submitted a house resolution granting Washington the promotion. The promotion was effective on July 4, 1976, the bicentennial of the Declaration of Independence. Although Pershing accepted the rank in 1919 and technically had a date of rank that preceded Washington's, the new specified that no other officer of the United States Army should ever outrank Washington, including Pershing. Hence, effective date of rank notwithstanding, Washington was permanently made superior to all other officers of the United States Armed Forces, past, present, or future.
While no living officer holds either of these ranks today, the General of the Army title and five-star insignia designed in 1944 are still authorized for use in war time. Congress may promote generals to this rank for successful wartime campaigns, or to give the officer parity in rank to foreign counterparts in joint coalitions, specifically with respect to field marshals.

</doc>
<doc id="5909833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909833" title="Grebenstein">
Grebenstein

Grebenstein is a town in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It is located 16 km northwest of Kassel on the German Timber-Frame Road. In 1762 it was the scene of a skirmish between British and French troops during the Seven Years' War.

</doc>
<doc id="5909846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909846" title="Thomas Marban">
Thomas Marban

Thomas Marban is an Austrian entrepreneur and founder of several technology startups. After incorporating one of the first web agencies in the mid-nineties, his subsequent company celum Imagine provides digital media asset management solutions for enterprise use and is among the global leaders in this space. He is creator of PopUrls, a mashup of the web's most visited social news sites and portals that started a new trend in so called single page aggregators. He is also part of to the Web Standards Project and Jury member for the annual WebAwards. Today, his holding company tomatic focuses on funding and creation of micro web properties. He's also co-founder of Twidroyd, the first Twitter client for the Android operating system.
In 2009, Thomas worked with Kevin Kelly to relaunch the influential Cool Tools blog.
PopUrls and Twidroyd were acquired by Idealab in July 2010 for an undisclosed amount.
PopUrls was awarded as one of the Top 50 Websites of 2009 by TIME Magazine and in 2010 won the Groundswell Award by Forrester Research.
Thomas received an Honoree at the 11th Annual Webby Awards for enabling real world activities online.
In June 2012, Thomas announced Flipso, a startup in cooperation with Idealab.
In June 2013, Thomas announced the blogging service Postagon.

</doc>
<doc id="5909847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909847" title="Verdiana">
Verdiana

Saint Verdiana (Veridiana, Viridiana) (1182 – 10 February 1242) is an Italian saint.
Born at Castelfiorentino, Tuscany, of a noble family, somewhat impoverished but still prestigious, Verdiana was noted from an early age for her generosity and sense of charity. She made a pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela. Upon returning to Castelfiorentino and feeling a desire for solitude and penance, she had herself walled up as an anchorite in a little cell contiguous to the oratory of San Antonio. She remained secluded there for 34 years under the obedience of a Vallumbrosan abbey (however, the Franciscans claim her as one of their tertiaries).
Like many recluses of her era, it is not certain whether Verdiana belonged to any particular monastic order. The Dominican order appropriated her after her death through the redaction of her vita, but probably belonged to none of the mendicant orders during her lifetime. One late account suggests that in 1221 she was visited by Francis of Assisi, who admitted her into his Third Order. It is more likely that she was associated with the local monastery in Castelfiorentino, which belonged to the Vallombrosan order, the economic success of which had so worried the bishops of Florence. Even this affiliation, however, most likely occurred after her death, as various monastic orders vied for “possession” of yet another popular saint.
From a little window she spoke to visitors and received an insufficient amount of food. Tradition holds that two snakes penetrated her cell in the last years of her life. These increased her mortification of the flesh, but she never revealed their existence. Another local tradition holds that upon her death, the bells of Castelfiorentino began to ring unaided by any human hand, unexpectedly and simultaneously.
Her cult was approved by Pope Clement VII in 1533. Her feast day is 1 February.
Vitae.
Knowledge of Verdiana and her life comes from two hagiographies, one from the fourteenth century and the other from the fifteenth. The first was redacted around 1340 and attributed to Biagio, a monk and perhaps abbot of the Vallombrosan convent of Santa Trinità in Florence during the first half of the fourteenth century. Very little else is known about him other than the fact that around 1340 he collected and assembled from preexisting materials a compendium of the lives of saints venerated in Florence and Tuscany, now contained in the Biblioteca Medicea Laurenziana. Verdiana’s second hagiographer, Lorenzo Giacomini, was a native of Castelfiorentino born circa 1369. He entered into the Dominican order in Florence in 1383, and after acting as a lettore for many years in various convents, including those of the Roman and Lombard provinces, he was made bishop of Acaia in 1413 by Pope John XXII. It is thought to be shortly after this time, around 1420, that he wrote a new vita in deference to his native city and to his particular devotion to Verdiana. His account borrowed faithfully from Biagio, though Giacomini sought to enrich it with miracles and information on the cult and translations of Verdiana known from contemporary traditions and his own experience. It is this version, erroneously attributed to Bishop Attone of Pistoia, that appears in the Acta Sanctorum. Because of the two vitae, it is possible for scholars to compare Verdiana’s hagiographically “typical” life in Biagio’s earlier vita and the greater emphasis on Verdiana’s connection to the community of Castelfiorentino in Lorenzo Giacomini’s.

</doc>
<doc id="5909850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909850" title="The Price Is Right">
The Price Is Right

The Price Is Right is a television game show franchise originally produced by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman, and created by Bob Stewart, and is currently produced and owned by FremantleMedia. The franchise centers on television game shows, but also includes merchandise such as video games, printed media and board games. The franchise began in 1956 as a television game show hosted by Bill Cullen and was revamped in 1972. This version was originally hosted by Bob Barker. Since 2007, Drew Carey has hosted the program.
In the show, contestants compete to win cash and prizes by guessing the pricing of merchandise. The program has been critically successful and remains a stalwart in the television ratings. It also managed to break away from the quiz show format that has been used in other game shows. Since the current version premiered, it has also been adapted in several international formats around the world, most notably in the United Kingdom, Australia and Mexico.
In 2013, "TV Guide" ranked it #5 in its list of the 60 greatest game shows ever.
1956–65.
The original version of "The Price Is Right" was first broadcast on NBC, and later ABC, from 1956 to 1965. Hosted by Bill Cullen, it involved four contestants bidding on a wide array of merchandise prizes, whose values ranged anywhere from a few dollars, (in many cases, "bonus" prizes were attached after the fact, to the winner) to thousands, doing so in the manner of auctions except that Cullen did not act out the role of auctioneer (contestants tried to bid closest to the product's actual retail price without going over that price). Depending on the prize, contestants were allowed, in proper turn, to make multiple bids; or only allowed one bid. In the case of the former, each contestant would bid on the displayed item, until a buzzer sounded. They could make a final bid, or "freeze." The contestant whose bid was closest to the correct value of the prizeand had not gone over that valuewon it. There was also a special game set aside for the home viewer, which offered several prizes in a package, which usually included a luxury vacation trip, and/or a new car as part of the package. Viewers would submit their bids via post cards; the winner being announced on the air. At the end of each episode, the contestant who had won the most (by dollar value) was declared the winner and became the returning champion, entitled to play again in the next episode. This version began humbly enough, as part of NBC's daytime schedule. An alleged series of technical problems made the pilot episode look bad enough for NBC to decline buying the show, but after an appeal from the producers, citing the fact that at that time all TV shows were given up to an initial 13 weeks to succeed or fail, it aired anyway. NBC were still all but convinced it would bomb. It would become successful enough, however, to warrant a second version of the series to begin on prime time in the fall of 1957. Shown weekly, that version also had the distinction of being the first TV game show to be broadcast in color. After being a Top-10 prime time show for some time its ratings would gradually but noticeably decline, and by 1963, NBC would cancel it, only to have it picked up by ABC. ABC's primetime version ran for one full season (1963–64), and the daytime version ended in 1965.
1972–present.
The updated version returned to the air in 1972 as "The New Price Is Right;" the "new" addendum was later removed. It is still in production in the United States.
Format.
In this "New" version, four contestants place a single bid on an initial product, in dollars only, as the production company will round off all retail prices to the nearest dollar; the contestant who bids closest to the product's actual retail price without going over wins the item and then gets to play one of several mini-games, which are called Pricing Games in most countries, including the United States, for an additional and more substantial prize or group of prizes. One contestant, through various elimination formats, could later win a large showcase of prizes at the show's conclusion by predicting the total price of a "showcase."
Originally thirty minutes in length, the show was expanded to its current hour-long format on November 3, 1975. At this time, a new feature, the "Showcase Showdown," was introduced and remains in use. The three contestants who make their way on stage in each half of the show are asked to spin a large wheel, which is labeled from five cents to one dollar in five cent increments. The contestants spin the wheel once and then optionally a second time, and contestant with the total score closest to $1.00 without going over is brought back to compete for the Showcases at the end of the show. If one of the contestants gets exactly $1.00, either on the first spin or by the total of both spins, that contestant wins an extra $1,000 and gets a bonus spin. On the bonus spin, if the wheel lands on 5 or 15 cents, then the contestant wins an extra $10,000. If the wheel lands on $1.00, then the contestant wins an extra $25,000. The wheel must complete at least one full revolution on each spin.
History.
Bob Barker hosted from September 4, 1972 to June 15, 2007. During his 35-year reign of TPIR, Barker won numerous awards and honors including Daytime Emmys and a Lifetime Achievement Award. Directors of the show included Mark Breslow, Paul Alter, and Bart Eskander, with Eskander receiving a Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Direction of a Game Show. Producer Roger Dobkowitz won a Daytime Emmy for his work on the show, which included the development of many of the show's games that are still being played today.
After a season-long search for a successor, Drew Carey took the helm of the show, with production resuming in August 2007, and his first episode airing on October 15. It is believed to be the second longest-running game show on television, trailing only the Spanish-language variety show "Sábado Gigante"; it is also the longest running five-days-a-week game show in the world. "The Price Is Right" is the only game show franchise to be seen nationally in either first-run network or syndication airings in the U.S. in every decade from the 1950s onward. CBS has occasionally aired extra episodes of the show for short periods between the cancellation of one daytime program and the premiere of its successor. On occasion since 1986, special episodes have occasionally aired during prime time hours, most notably to fill in gaps between the "Survivor" series, and the 2007–08 Writers Guild of America strike.
On September 22, 2008, Terry Kneiss made game show history by bidding the exact amount of his $23,743 showcase. Taping of the show immediately stopped, with Drew Carey and show staffers concerned that cheating was taking place. It was later learned that Kneiss and his wife Linda, who was in the studio audience, had, by constantly watching the show, noticing the frequency of certain products showing up on the show, and using statistical analysis, legitimately determined the exact prices of the items in the showcase. The Kneisses were awarded the prizes, and the show subsequently discontinued featuring certain products.
On April Fools' Day, 2014, Craig Ferguson and Drew Carey switched hosting duties, with Carey hosting the "The Late Late Show" and Ferguson taking over the hosting duties on "TPIR". The episode also featured Shadoe Stevens as announcer, and sidekicks Geoff Peterson (a robot skeleton), and "Secretariat" (a pantomime horse).
Broadcast history.
Specials.
A number of special series have aired, beginning with "The Price Is Right Special", a primetime summer series which aired on CBS in 1986, hosted by Barker. In 2002, a number of special episodes titled "The Price Is Right Salutes" (2002) aired in primetime, saluting the branches of the United States armed forces, and the police and firefighters of America in the wake of the September 11 attacks. "The Price Is Right $1,000,000 Spectacular" was a series of primetime specials airing from (2003 until 2008 featuring chances at winning $1,000,000, as well as more expensive prizes than on the daytime counterpart.
Licensed Merchandise.
Endless Games, which in the past has produced board games based on several other game shows, including The Newlywed Game and Million Dollar Password, distributes home versions of "The Price Is Right", featuring the voice of Rich Fields, including a DVD edition and a Quick Picks travel-size edition. Ubisoft also released a video game version of the show for the PC, Nintendo DS, and Wii console on September 9, 2008. An updated version of the game ("The Price Is Right: 2010 Edition") was released on September 22, 2009. Both versions feature the voice of Rich Fields, who was the show's announcer at the time of the release of the video games in question.
In September 2010, Ludia released the official Facebook version of "The Price Is Right" game. The game had two million monthly active users only two months after the launch.
In October 2011, Ludia (now owned by RTL Group) released "The Price Is Right Decades", a video game featuring production elements from various decades of the show, for the Wii, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 to celebrate their 40 years on the CBS network.
Foreign versions.
The 1972 revised format appeared on Australian television the following year and debuted in the U.K. in 1984. The format has also been adapted elsewhere around the world. Hosts and models from the versions in other countries have made appearances on the U.S. version, usually sitting in the audience and acknowledged by the host during the broadcast. Barker and then-music-director Stan Blits appeared on the Carlo Boszhard-hosted "Cash en Carlo" at the start of the 200th episode.
See also.
List of television show franchises

</doc>
<doc id="5909863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909863" title="Starks">
Starks

Starks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5909866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909866" title="Greding">
Greding

Greding is a town in the district of Roth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 28 km southeast of Roth bei Nürnberg and 32 km north of Ingolstadt.
Geography.
Greding is located in the south-eastern corner of Middle Franconia. The municipal area borders on two neighbouring Bavarian districts, Eichstätt and Neumarkt, and also on the two regions of Upper Bavaria and Upper Palatinate. Greding is situated about 32 km north of the city of Ingolstadt on the A9 Autobahn (junction 57).
Greding stands on the river Schwarzach in the Altmühl Valley Nature Park. Two hills around the town are the Kalvarienberg and the Galgenberg.
The township of Greding includes the villages of Attenhofen, Birkhof, Esselberg, Euerwang, Grafenberg, Großhöbing, Günzenhofen, Hausen, Heimbach, Herrnsberg, Hofberg, Kaising, Kleinnottersdorf, Kraftsbuch, Landerzhofen, Linden, Mettendorf, Obermässing, Österberg, Röckenhofen, Schutzendorf, Untermässing and Viehhausen.
Neighbouring townships are Beilngries, Berching, Dietfurt an der Altmühl, Freystadt, Hilpoltstein, Kinding and Thalmässing.
History.
There are remains of animal jawbones and charcoal fires from early settlements dating from between 100000 BC and 6000 BC. Traces of a Celtic settlement have been found dating from 450-350 BC.
The first known documentary record of a township is from 1091. In the 11th century the Greding estate came under the ownership of the Bishops of Eichstätt and remained under their jurisdiction until 1803.
Religion.
Like most of Bavaria, Greding is predominantly Roman Catholic.
Culture and places of interest.
Architecture.
Greding is surrounded by a 1.25 km town wall with fortified gate houses and towers. The wall was erected during the rule of the Prince Bishop Friedrich IV, Count of Öttingen (1383–1415). A great fire in 1503 destroyed two gate houses, a tower and part of the town hall. Today, 20 towers can be seen around the town, almost all used as private houses. The large fortified gate houses to be seen are the Fürstentor, the Eichstätter Tor and the Nürnberger Tor 
Rathaus.
The old town hall stood in the Market Square until the Thirty Years War. In 1633 the building was burned down in an attempt to extort 1000 Reichsthaler ransom money from the citizens. The site is now occupied by a fountain. 
The current town hall building was erected in 1699 and is thought to be the work of the Eichstätt architect Jakob Engel. The façade is decorated with the arms of the lord of the estate, Prince Bishop Johann Martin von Eyb (1697–1704).
The Basilica of St. Martin.
This predominantly 12th-century church stands on a hill overlooking the town and is a conspicuous local landmark. St Martins is the largest Romanesque basilica in the former diocese of Eichstätt. It was consecrated by Bishop Otto (1182–1196). The late gothic altar dates from 1480 and is flanked by rococo figures of the Virgin Mary and St John from around 1780. The apse ceiling is painted with images of Christ enthroned and symbols of the Evangelists, and the 15th-century nave frescoes depict St Martin astride a horse, dividing his cloak with a sword for a beggar. The church also contains a number of early renaissance paintings and sculptures.
To the left of St Martin's Church in the cellar of the former Michael's Chapel, dating from the early 12th century, is a so-called Charnel House. This was first used in the 14th century to store the bones of the dead as the graveyard itself became too full. The bones of about 2500 corpses can be seen behind an iron grille.
Other buildings of note include the Catholic Church of St. Jakob; the former Episcopal palace (1696) on the market square; and the episcopal hunting lodge (1741), now occupied by the Raiffeisenbank.
Museums.
Greding has two museums, the Museum Natur und Mensch (natural history) and the Sparkassenmuseum (a banking museum).
Economy and infrastructure.
Transport.
Greding is located near junction 57 on the A9 autobahn.
The town is served by several local and regional buses, and has direct bus connections to Nuremberg, Munich and Berlin. 
A bus service links the town with Kinding (Altmühltal) railway station, which is on the Nuremberg-Munich high-speed rail line which runs through the 7.7 km Euerwangtunnel. 
The Greding railway station on the Roth-Greding rail line closed in 1972.
Media.
The local paper is the "Hilpoltsteiner Kurier".

</doc>
<doc id="5909869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909869" title="The Blackeyed Susans">
The Blackeyed Susans

The Blackeyed Susans are an Australian rock band, formed in Perth in 1989, based in Melbourne since 1992.
Perth 1989-1990.
The original line-up consisted of David McComb on vocals and guitar, Alsy MacDonald on drums (both of whom had been members of The Triffids), Phil Kakulas on bass guitar (an ex-member of Martha's Vineyard), Rob Snarski (ex-Chad's Tree) on vocals and guitar, and Ross Bolleter on organ and accordion.
They played eight gigs and recorded four songs before their 'day jobs' forced them to put the project on hold. The songs became their first EP, "Some Births are Worse than Murders", released in 1990 on Waterfront Records. The record spent several weeks at number one on the independent charts in Australia.
By the time the EP was released the band had already undergone several incarnations. Not everyone took their holidays at the same time, so a floating lineup became an integral part of the band's character and appeal. Phil Kakulas left for Sydney with Martha's Vineyard . He was replaced by Martyn Casey (The Triffids). Ross Bolleter went to work in Japan, making his fortune playing piano in cocktail bars and restaurants. He was replaced by Adrian Wood. David McComb was present in the second lineup in 1989 before departing for England. He was replaced by Kim Salmon (The Scientists, Beasts of Bourbon, Kim Salmon and the Surrealists) on guitar and vocals in the summer of 1990. Martyn Casey departed shortly after to join Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
Sydney 1990-1991.
In mid-1990 Rob Snarski travelled to London and recorded an album's worth of material with David McComb and Kenny Davis Jnr (The Jackson Code - keyboards). Upon returning to Australia, Snarski moved to Sydney and with Davis Jnr formed the next lineup of the band. Phil Kakulas returned as bass player, having worked with Grant McLennan (The Go-Betweens) since the demise of Martha's Vineyard six months earlier. Kathy Wemyss (The Jackson Code - vocals, trumpet) and Tim Rollinson (DIG - guitar) were recruited whilst on holidays from inner city cabaret band Pressed Meat and the Smallgoods. James Elliott (drums) and James Cruickshank (organ) took leave from The Cruel Sea to play in the band. This lineup remained intact for most of 1991 and recorded an EP, "Anchor Me", as well as contributing the song "Glory, Glory" to the Triple J Live at the Wireless compilation album.
Despite playing numerous shows in Sydney and Melbourne, The Blackeyed Susans were still very much an occasional event, coming together when it suited them for the pleasure of playing. They created a backdrop for Snarski' s honey-laden vocals which were gaining more attention from press and public alike. He was awarded the WA Music Industry Award for Best Male Vocalist in 1991.
In late 1991 four songs from "the London Sessions" were released as the EP "...Depends On What You Mean By Love".
Melbourne 1992 -.
After releasing two solo singles and playing a handful of shows in London with his band The Red Ponies, David McComb decided to return to Australia and settle in Melbourne. Graham Lee had been a resident of Melbourne for the past three years, playing in The Paradise Vendors, The Pub Dogs and Crown of Thorns, and Kakulas and Snarski had recently moved there. Locals Jim White (Venom P Stinger, Dirty Three - drums) and Warren Lee Ellis (Dirty Three - violin, organ, piano accordion) completed the lineup.
A compilation CD entitled "Welcome Stranger" was released in 1992. It incorporated material from the three previous EPs plus two extra tracks from 'the London Sessions' and a live version of The Triffids' song "In The Pines". Months of touring followed to promote the release "Welcome Stranger" before the band returned to the studio to record their debut full length album "All Souls Alive", released in December 1993 and produced by Phil Kakulas . It featured ten tracks, eight penned by Kakulas/McComb, as well as the Leonard Cohen/Phil Spector classic "Memories" and an inspired version of the Johnny Paycheck song "Apartment No 9". Regarded as something of a classic now, the album features nine of Snarski's finest vocal performances to date, one over-the-top vocal by David McComb, the inspired chaos of Warren Lee Ellis and the majesty of Jim White, pedal steel by Graham Lee and mandolin and harmony vocals by Mark C. Halstead (The Paradise Vendors, Disappointment).
"All Souls Alive" was released in America on Frontier Records in April 1994 receiving great reviews and sales. The album was also released in the UK, Greece, Germany, Spain, Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy and Sweden in July 1994. The album got great reviews in the UK press and airplay on Radio One.
Two singles lifted off the album were released in Australia in July 1994, namely "Dirty Water" and "This One Eats Souls". Each came with four bonus tracks lifted from the cassette-only release Hard Liquor, Soft Music. Though technically by The Blackeyed Susans Trio, this was an album's worth of late night melancholy that has since become the most sought after of Susans rarities.
The Blackeyed Susans commenced working on their third album "Mouth to Mouth" in August 1994, completing it in May 1995. The band signed a new record deal with HI-GLOSS/Mds in March 1995. "Mouth to Mouth" introduced new members Kiernan Box (piano, organ and harmonica) and Dan Luscombe (guitar). It also included Graham Lee (lap and pedal steel), Ashley Davies (drums), Jen Anderson (violin), and Helen Mountfort (cello). Kathy Wemyss (The Jackson Code) wrote string arrangements for the album and also played trumpet. Recorded at Fortissimo Sound Studios, Melbourne, by Victor Van Vugt and Andy Parsons, it was produced by Phil Kakulas and mixed by Tony Cohen. "Mouth to Mouth" was released mid-July 1995.
"Let’s Live" was the first single to be lifted off "Mouth to Mouth" and was released in Australia in June 1995. It contained several bonus tracks not available on the album, the most notable of which was a Suicide-styled reworking of the Springsteen track "State Trooper". "Mary Mac" was the album's second single, once again containing bonus tracks not available on other releases, including a version of The Go-Betweens song "Dive For Your Memory". The single proved to be the band's most successful thus far and the song an essential part of the Susans' canon.
The band toured nationally through 1995, and ended the year with a successful, if somewhat irreverent, tribute to Elvis Presley on New Year's Eve. This was to be the beginning of a tradition for the Susans, they returned to The Corner Hotel in Melbourne to play the best and the worst of the King's back catalogue each year, concluding in 1998.
A national tour with Paul Kelly followed in the Summer of '96, with current drummer Mark Dawson joining the group after many years involvement with both Ed Kuepper and The Jackson Code.
The band also had cause for celebration when news confirming their signing to American Recordings came through, with "Mouth to Mouth" slated for a May release in America and Canada. The band travelled to New York to play with Johnny Cash, at CMJ in September 1996, before touring in the U.S. and Canada. Coincidentally they had already written and were performing the song "Smokin' Johnny Cash" before any of this occurred.
The relationship with American however would prove to be short lived. The label 'released' the Susans from their contract, along with most of their other international acts, in 1997.
In December 1996 "Some Night, Somewhere" was released in Australia as a Christmas bonus disc with "Mouth to Mouth". Recorded live at the Continental in Melbourne, this limited edition CD has long since been deleted.
1997 saw the band back in the studio to record the "Spin the Bottle" album, released in July. Produced with Victor Van Vugt (Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, Dave Graney 'n' the Coral Snakes, Luna) the record featured ten new songs and a cover of Billie Holiday's "You're My Thrill". It spawned three singles - "Smokin' Johnny Cash", "Spin the Wheel" and "Blue Skies, Blue Sea" and proved to be their most successful release to date. A busy touring schedule saw the Blackeyed Susans occupied for almost a year, concluding in March 1998 with a national tour with The Whitlams. The album also received a nomination in the ARIA Music Awards for the year. On 9 July 1997 the band performed on the RMITV show Under Melbourne Tonight.
Also of note during this period was the release of the W Minc Productions' compilation album "Where Joy Kills Sorrow", which featured Phil Kakulas and Mark Dawson playing on several tracks, as well as Rob Snarski collaborating with Matt Walker on "If You Don't Want My Love".
Likewise, keyboardist Kiernan Box released the "Wet Your Beak" album by his band The Disappointments, featuring Mark C. Halstead on vocals.
After some much needed respite the Blackeyed Susans reconvened in August 1998 to record the "La Mascara" EP, released November 1998. It featured five new tracks including "Oh Yeah, Oh Yeah, Oh No" and "To Skin A Man". Both received airplay on Triple J's and other Australian youth orientated stations. A video for "To Skin A Man" was commissioned. Produced and directed by Adam Kyle and Holly Shorland, its provocative images of flesh and blood were too much for the ABC who chose to screen it only in black and white. A tour ensued through the summer and well into 1999.
In February came the sad news that Blackeyed Susans co-founder David McComb had died at his Northcote home. McComb had been the singer and songwriter for The Triffids since forming the band at high school with Alsy McDonald and Phil Kakulas in the late Seventies. In the Nineties he had suffered much ill health, culminating in a heart transplant in 1995.
From May to July 1999, The Susans worked on thirteen songs on a four-track in the living room of Snarski's flat. News first filtered through in August of a new album, "Shangri-La", to be recorded and released in the new year.
In May 2000, The Blackeyed Susans parted ways with their record company Mds after it was bought by Festival Records. The "Shangri-La" album was put on hold.
2001 saw The Blackeyed Susans back with a new album, "Dedicated to the Ones We Love", released on their own label, Teardrop, and distributed through Shock Records. The record paid tribute to the influences and aspirations of the band - including songs from Hollywood-period Elvis, Sinatra, Big Star and The Velvet Underground. Well received by the public and lauded by the critics, a national tour followed keeping the band busy until the end of the year.
Early 2002 saw band members busy themselves with solo and side projects, most notably the recording of an album from Rob Snarski and Dan Luscombe entitled, "There Is Nothing Here That Belongs To You", released later in the year on the Quietly Suburban label to much praise and national tours with Marianne Faithfull and Paul Kelly.
In 2002 The Blackeyed Susans returned to Sing-Sing Studios in Richmond to finally record the lost album of "Shangri-La". Augmenting their sound with op-shop instruments and old vinyl. The album was finally released 21 July 2003 on Teardrop through Shock Records.
"Shangri-La" was nominated for 'Best Adult Contemporary Album' at the 2003 ARIA Awards, missing out to John Farnham's "The Last Time". Since its release the band have played sporadically in Melbourne. Dan Luscombe and Kiernan Box both perform with other artists but are still considered to be band members and continue to play with the band when possible.
In 2001 Kiernan Box joined Augie March while Dan Luscombe joined Paul Kelly's band in 2003, then The Drones in 2006.
A four disc retrospective box set, "Reveal Yourself", was released on 30 October 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5909872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909872" title="Alpha-glucosidase">
Alpha-glucosidase

Alpha-glucosidase (, "maltase", "glucoinvertase", "glucosidosucrase", "maltase-glucoamylase", "alpha-glucopyranosidase", "glucosidoinvertase", "alpha-D-glucosidase", "alpha-glucoside hydrolase", "alpha-1,4-glucosidase", "alpha-D-glucoside glucohydrolase") is a glucosidase that acts upon 1,4-alpha bonds. This is in contrast to beta-glucosidase. Alpha-glucosidase breaks down starch and disaccharides to glucose. Maltase, a similar enzyme that cleaves maltose, is nearly functionally equivalent.
Other glucosidases include:
Mechanism.
Alpha-glucosidase hydrolyzes terminal non-reducing 1-4 linked alpha- glucose residues to release a single alpha- glucose molecule.
Alpha-glucosidase is a carbohydrate-hydrolase that releases alpha-glucose as opposed to beta-glucose. Beta-glucose residues can be released by glucoamylase, a functionally similar enzyme. The substrate selectivity of alpha-glucosidase is due to subsite affinities of the enzyme’s active site.
Two proposed mechanisms include a nucleophilic displacement and an oxocarbenium ion intermediate.
Structure.
Alpha-glucosidases can potentially be split, according to primary structure, into two families.
The gene coding for human lysosomal alpha-glucosidase is about 20 kb long and it’s structure has been cloned and confirmed.
Disease relevance.
Hence, alpha-glucosidase inhibitors (like Acarbos), are used as anti-diabetic drugs in combination with other anti-diabetic drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="5909887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909887" title="Greußen">
Greußen

Greußen is a town in the Kyffhäuserkreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 17 km southeast of Sondershausen, and 29 km north of Erfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="5909909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909909" title="Roy Hinson">
Roy Hinson

Roy Hinson (born May 2, 1961) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the first round (20th overall) of the 1983 NBA Draft. Hinson attended Franklin High School in Franklin Township, New Jersey. He then played his college career at Rutgers University in nearby New Brunswick. A 6'9" forward–center, Hinson played in eight NBA seasons from 1983 to 1991, for the Cavaliers, Philadelphia 76ers and New Jersey Nets.
Hinson's best year as a professional came during the 1985–86 season as a member of the Cavaliers, appearing in 82 games and averaging 19.6 points per game. He also participated in the 1986 NBA Slam Dunk Contest, finishing seventh out of eight contestants. In his NBA career, Hinson played in 507 games and scored a total of 7,206 points.

</doc>
<doc id="5909911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909911" title="Psychopathia Sexualis (play)">
Psychopathia Sexualis (play)

Psychopathia Sexualis is a 1996 play by American playwright John Patrick Shanley.
Plot summary.
The play revolves around a struggling New York artist, Arthur, who has a secret involving a certain pair of socks. His best friend, Howard, tries to help him alleviate this problem, by seeing his psychiatrist, Dr. Block, who has taken the pair of socks. Eventually Arthur's fiancee comes to his aid and faces off with the psychiatrist.
Productions.
"Psychopathia Sexualis" was first produced by the Seattle Repertory Company, Seattle, Washington, in March 1996, and then by the Center Theatre Group at the Mark Taper Forum, Los Angeles, California in May to June 1996. The play was directed by Daniel J. Sullivan in Los Angeles. 
The play premiered Off-Broadway in a production by the Manhattan Theatre Club in January 1997 (previews), officially on February 26 and closed on April 20, 1997. The production featured Andrew McCarthy (Arthur), Park Overall, Daniel Gerroll and Edward Herrmann (Dr. Block),with direction by Daniel Sullivan, sets by Derek McLane and costumes by Jane Greenwood.
Critical review.
One reviewer noted that "to a certain extent, 'Psychopathia Sexualis' is a farce, one that affectionately mocks the human condition as a whole." The "Los Angeles Times" reviewer wrote that "through its sleek first act, a smart new comedy about men and their befuddlements and a shrink who may just be the personification of evil."

</doc>
<doc id="5909933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909933" title="Air Line State Park Trail">
Air Line State Park Trail

The Air Line State Park Trail is a rail trail and linear state park located in Connecticut. The trail is divided into sections designated South (22 miles: East Hampton to Windham), North (21 miles: Windham to Putnam), and the Thompson addition (6.6 miles: Thompson to the Massachusetts state line). An additional 3.6 mile spur to Colchester is sometimes designated as part of the Air Line trail.
History.
Air Line.
Envisioned as a high speed passenger railroad line from New York to Boston, the New Haven, Middletown and Willimantic Railroad (NHM&W) opened in 1873 as part of the Boston, Hartford and Erie Railroad (BH&E) system, running from New Haven northeast via Middletown to the BH&E at Willimantic. The BH&E went bankrupt that same year, becoming the New York and New England Railroad (NY&NE), but the NHM&W stayed separate, failing in 1875. It was reorganized as the Boston and New York Air-Line Railroad and was operated by the New Haven from 1879, being leased on October 1, 1882. Part of this line (the NY&NE Blackstone division to Franklin via Norwood and Walpole) still survives as the Franklin Branch of the MBTA/MBCR. 
In Connecticut, part of the line from New Haven (Air Line Jct) to Middletown and Portland, Connecticut survives as part of the Providence and Worcester Railroad. In Willimantic, the Connecticut Eastern Railroad Museum has reconstructed the original roundhouse and restored the turntable pit (with a replacement for the original turntable), as well as some original NY&NE and NH buildings. In between East Hampton, Connecticut and the Massachusetts state line, most of the abandoned rail corridor has been converted as a rail trail known as the Air Line Trail State Park. Notable features of the line are the Rapallo Viaduct and the Lyman Viaduct in East Hampton and Colchester, Connecticut, which are two of the longest rail viaducts in the U.S.
Trail development.
The abandoned rail corridor between East Hampton and the Massachusetts state line was acquired by the Connecticut State Park System with the section from Route 66 in Windham to US Route 44 in Pomfret opening to the public in 1969 as a bridle trail. In 1976, the trail designation was extended north to Town Farm Road in Putnam. The southern section from East Hampton to Willimantic was opened as a trail in 1986. The Thompson section was opened in 1992.
Air Line State Park Trail is divided into three sections: 
The North section of the trail from Windham to Putnam is part of the East Coast Greenway, which will stretch from Florida to Maine.
The South and North sections are connected by the Veterans Greenway, a short town-owned rail trail on the northeast side of Willimantic, which is partially incorporated into the North section itself. The connection is not complete, as the Willimantic River bridge at the end of the South section is impassable and no trail connection has yet to be made through downtown Willimantic from the bridge to the Veterans Greenway. However a street connection is available joining the two sections by leaving the Southern section at Kingsley Road, continuing east to the Frog Bridge, crossing over the bridge, and accessing the North section via the Veterans Greenway.
Future Southern Extension.
In 2002, the state DEP acquired an additional of railbed in East Hampton, continuing the trail south from the current Watrous Street terminus to Aldens Crossing Road. A bridge has been constructed to carry the trail across a brook where the original rail bridge was missing. The bridge was designed and built by cadets of the United States Coast Guard Academy under the supervision of William O'Neill, an adjunct professor of engineering at the academy and former state governor. Due to confusion as to which state agency had ownership of the stretch of land, the bridge was built without the necessary permissions, and almost demolished but allowed to remain due to a lease agreement with the town.
South section.
Trail description.
This section of the trail has been completed. It has a smooth, hard-packed stone dust surface, benches for resting at more scenic locations, and bike racks. Brand new bridges constructed by cadets from the US Coast Guard Academy carry the trail across the Blackledge and Jeremy Rivers and Judd Brook. This section crosses the Rapallo and Lyman Viaducts, massive fills that carried the railroad and now trail across wide valleys. They provide spectacular views, especially in the fall. There is a short (less than 1/4 mile) on-road detour necessary where the Route 2 expressway blocks the railroad bed. 
There is one section of the trail in the town of Lebanon between Cook Hill Road and Village Hill Road that is currently closed as the DEEP and the town are working to grade and resurface this section of trail. Signs are posted describing the 1 mile on-road detour. The trail currently ends at the south end of the bridge over the Willimantic River. Prior to 2007, a wooden bridge was constructed over the Blackledge River Railroad Bridge allowing passage of the Blackledge River in Salmon River State Forest.
Access points.
The trail crosses the following roads, providing access:
North section.
Trail description.
Though open to the public for its entire length, different segments of the trail are in different stages of development. Some sections are complete and have a finished, stone-dust surface and signage. Other sections have been cleared and had drainage work done, but still have a somewhat rough, unfinished surface that is not suitable for road bikes. Other parts are totally undeveloped and overgrown. 
There are no major obstructions of the North section of the trail in the form of missing or unsafe bridges. Though some parts of the trail may be undeveloped, this area does not have the many river crossings of the southern section. The two bridge crossings there are (over Boulevard Road in Windham and across the Quinebaug River in Putnam) have all been repaired and rebuilt for trail use. 
The trail continues west of Route 66 as the Veterans Greenway, a town-owned bikeway that leads to downtown Willimantic. 
Route 66, Windham to Windham/Chaplin town line: This section has seen many upgrades in recent years. The section's first 1/4 mile was paved as part of the US 6/Route 66 interchange reconstruction project. The state and the town of Windham cleared, graded, installed signage and put down a smooth stone-dust surface on the entire section of the trail in Windham. This included the construction of a trail bridge over Boulevard Road. 
Windham/Chaplin town line to Wrights Crossing Road, Pomfret: This section was cleared and graded by the National Guard in the mid-1990s. The surface was not finished and is still rough in sections and there are drainage issues in areas that sometimes flood the trail. There has not been much maintenance done on the trail in the last few years, so even the areas that were cleared have become somewhat grown in. Still, the trail is passable for hikers, equestrians and mountain bikers. The town of Chaplin has received a grant to grade, add signage and finish the surface of the trail with stone dust from the Windham town line to the Hampton town line. This work has not yet been started. 
Wrights Crossing Road, Pomfret to Town Farm Road, Putnam: This section of trail is completely undeveloped. It has not been cleared and is overgrown, with a rough surface, tree falls, and several wet areas with drainage problems. It is necessary to climb embankments to cross some roads where former bridges have been filled in. It is not really passable, and must be done on foot if attempted.
North of Town Farm Road, the rail bed is privately owned, but the town of Putnam has received a grant to obtain an easement along the right of way and finish the trail from Town Farm Road to the Quinebaug River. This would extend the public trail to Kennedy Drive in Putnam, where a footbridge has already been constructed to carry the trail over the Quinebaug River and connect to Putnam's River Trail.
Access points.
The trail crosses the following roads, providing access:
Thompson section.
Trail description.
Entire Section: The trail is undeveloped, with no actual work having been done to convert the rail bed to a trail. The rails and ties have been removed, but the surface of the trail is mostly the original ballast, with some sections washboarded and other sections flooded. The trail is clear of any major obstructions and is followable on foot, but would be difficult even for a mountain bike. Many areas have been eroded by illegal ATV use, which is a problem on this section. Bridges are still in place to carry the trail safely across the Exit 98 ramps of I-395, and to carry some cross roads over the trail. Some smaller bridges over brooks and streams are not as safe, either missing decks, or just missing altogether. A high bridge over a brook about 3/4 mile south of the Route 200 underpass is missing and requires a detour on an ATV trail that can be wet. It is necessary to climb some embankments to cross some streets.
Access points.
The trail crosses the following roads, providing access:
The trail continues east and north into Massachusetts, at Douglas as the Southern New England Trunkline Trail, part of the Massachusetts State Park System. Massachusetts has improved access at trailheads and road crossings, but many bridges are absent and the trail is not continuous. Sections of the trail continue to Franklin, Massachusetts.
Colchester Spur.
Trail description.
The 3.6 mile spur to Colchester consists of the same hard-packed gravel as the rest of the South section. The Route 85 crossing is at a marked crosswalk, while the two other crossings are unmarked over minor local roads. The trail terminates just east of downtown Colchester at the former depot and freight house.
Access points.
The trail crosses the following roads, providing access:

</doc>
<doc id="5909960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909960" title="Bothnian Bay">
Bothnian Bay

The Bothnian Bay or Bay of Bothnia (", ") is the northernmost part of the Gulf of Bothnia, which is in turn the northern part of the Baltic Sea. The land holding the bay is still rising after the weight of ice-age glaciers has been removed, and within 2,000 years the bay will be a large freshwater lake. The bay today is fed by several large rivers, and is relatively unaffected by tides, so has low salinity. It freezes each year for up to six months. Compared to other parts of the Baltic it has little plant or animal life.
Extent.
The Bay of Bothnia lies between latitudes 63.5°N and 66°N, forming the northern part of the Gulf of Bothnia.
The bay is divided from the Bothnian Sea, the southern part of the Gulf of Bothnia, by the Northern Quark (Kvarken) strait.
The Northern Quark has a greatest depth of , with two ridges that are just deep. It lies between a group of islands off Vaasa in Finland and another group at Holmöarna in Sweden.
The bay is bounded by Finland to the east and Sweden to the west.
The bay is asymmetric, with a smoother and shallower bottom slope on the Finnish side, and a deeper bottom with a steeper and more rugged coast on the Swedish side.
The Bothnian Bay has a catchment area of .
Of this, 56% lies in Finland, 44% in Sweden and less than 1% in Norway.
The catchment contains about of forest, split roughly equally between Sweden and Finland.
The bay itself has an area of and a volume of .
It covers 36% of the area of the Gulf of Bothnia and holds 25% of its volume.
The average depth is .
The Luleå Deep is the deepest part of the bay, at , southeast of the town of Luleå.
On the Finnish side the average depth is . The deepest part is near the island of Lönkytin, with a depth of .
The bay lies in the area in Northern Europe where the ice was at its thickest during the last ice age.
The Bay of Bothnia was under ice until the "Ancylus Lake" period (7500-6000 BC), when the ice sheet withdrew to the mountains of Northern Scandinavia.
The land is now rising by post-glacial rebound at the highest rate in the Baltic Sea, at an estimated rate of a year. 
Today the Bothnian Bay lies around 300 meters higher than it did at the end of the Ice age.
The local population has seen the sea retreating during their lifetimes from piers and boathouses, leaving them stranded on land.
Some former islands such as Porsön and Hertsön near the city of Luleå are still called islands, but are now connected to the mainland.
The maximum depth at the Kvarken sound today is around 20 meters. In about 2,000 years the exit from the bay at Kvarken will be raised above sea level, which will result in it becoming Europe's largest lake. The outflow of this lake will be significant. The total inflow to the bay is about , roughly the same as the Russian Neva River, the third largest in Europe.
Hydrology.
The Bothnian Bay has a harsher environment than other parts of the greater Baltic sea.
The bay is ice-covered for 110 to 190 days each year.
Tides have little effect, but high winds driving the water from the south or north may cause the water level to rise or fall by .
Major rivers that flow into the bay include:
The salinity is only about 0.2 psu in the northern part of the bay, dropping almost to zero in some of the archipelagos with large river inflows.
The low salinity and cold temperatures in winter results in ice that is considerably stronger than more saline or warmer ice.
Islands.
If an island is defined as an area of land more than that is surrounded by water, the Bay of Bothnia has 4,001 islands.
The largest island is Hailuoto.
The north of the bay contains a large archipelago area.
The Swedish portion of this area is the Norrbotten archipelago.
This is divided into the Piteå, Luleå, Kalix and Haparanda archipelagos.
Many of the islands are uninhabited and in a natural state.
In the winter the larger islands may be accessed via ice roads.
Some of them are inhabited or have seasonal fishing villages used by people from the mainland.
The Swedish Haparanda Archipelago National Park () occupies the Haparanda group of islands, bordering the Finnish Bay of Bothnia National Park. It includes the larger islands of Sandskär and Seskar Furö, and some smaller islands and skerries. 
All of these islands have emerged in the last 1,500 years as the bed of the bay has risen.
The Bay of Bothnia National Park in the Finnish section (, ), established in 1991, is located in the archipelago offshore from Tornio and Kemi. It covers of which about is land.
Ecology.
The Quark ridge at the south of the bay defines the dividing line beyond which many salt water species are unable to survive.
Instead of the red and brown algae found further south, the bay has predominantly green algae and phanerogams.
Annual plant species are almost completely dominant. The only perennials are a few specimens of the freshwater cryptogram "Isoetes echinospora" and the moss "Fontinalis dalecarlica".
Often the green algae have a dense covering of epiphytic diatoms.
The shores, beaches and shallows include a variety of northern plant species including the endemic yellow hair grass ("Deschampsia bottnica").
The only filter feeders are "Ephydatia" and, at the river mouths, small numbers of freshwater mussels.
Bivalves make up 9% of animal biomass. Crustaceans, mostly "Saduria entomon" make up 45% and gastropoda 30%.
The gastropoda are grazing snails related to freshwater species.
Fish species found in the area's lakes and rivers also live in the bay, including roach, perch, pike and grayling.
The fish are slow to mature, and therefore collect relatively high levels of environmental toxins.
Ringed seal, grey seal, cod, herring and salmon may also be found in the bay.
In the 16th century seals were hunted in the Bay of Bothnia. Ringed seals were captured using nets in the inshore open water, and were stalked and captured in their dens or at breathing holes. Both grey and ringed seals were hunted along the edge of the ice.
Wild salmon roe harvested from the Kalix River, known as "Kalix Löjrom" or as sea gold, 
is a delicacy with a European protected designation of origin.
Birdlife includes the Black Guillemot, Velvet Scoter, Oystercatcher, Lesser Black-backed Gull, Western Capercaillie and Willow Ptarmigan.
Moose and hare are found on the islands, as on the mainland.
Population.
Ports on the Finnish side include Haukipudas, Jakobstad, Kemi, Kokkola, Oulu, Raahe and Tornio.
The largest towns by population on the Finnish side as of 2013 were Oulu (192,680), Tornio (22,374), Kemi (22,157), Kempele (16,549), Raahe (25,641), Kalajoki (12,637), Kokkola (46,697) and Pietarsaari (19,636).
In Finland the catchment area included about of arable land as of 1993. There were four Finnish pulp and paper mills, of which two (Veitsiluoto Oy and Metsä Botnia Oy) were producing bleached kraft paper.
On the Swedish side ports include Haparanda, Karlsborg, Kalix, Luleå, Piteå and Skellefteå.
The largest towns on the Swedish side as of 2013 were Luleå (74,000), Skellefteå (71,641), Piteå (40,860) and Kalix (16,926).
Luleå is the largest city in Swedish Lapland, with the largest airport. The 1,312 islands of the Luleå archipelago are an important tourist attraction, as is the Gammelstad church village, listed as a Unesco World Heritage site.
As of 1993 there were about of arable land in the Swedish part of the catchment basin, mostly used for small-scale low-intensity farming.
There were five pulp and paper mills, of which one produced bleached kraft paper.
In the late 1960s the bay was being used to transport fuel oil to the Finnish settlements around the bay.
In 1968 about 950,000 tons of cellulose and 230,600 tons of paper and cardboard were exported, a figure that was rising.
In 1968 ships calling at the Finnish ports carried about 388,872 tons of iron bars and 64,326 tons of steel sheets.
Mining and mineral products such as coal and ore were carried to and from the ports, and steel products were exported.
Sea transport continued throughout the winter.
In 1993 there were two non-ferrous heavy metal smelters, in Rönnskär and Kokkola, emitting significant quantities of heavy metals. 
Efforts were being made to reduce emissions.
The drainage basin also held three iron and steel plants and a number of mines.
Human activities have affected the fragile sub-arctic environment. Dredging and other activities related to sea transport have an impact on marine life. 
Agriculture, forestry and peat mining in the catchment basin add nutrients to the bay, affecting the ecological balance, 
while pollutants are delivered from steel mills and from pulp and paper mills around the bay, as well as from sewage treatment plants.
Steel mills and stainless steel plants may have released nickel and chromium.
Efforts have been made to reduce pollution through improved technology, but some areas along the Finnish coastline show evidence of eutrophication.
Compared to other parts of the Baltic, higher levels of nitrate have been found in the Bothnian Bay and lower levels of phosphate and silicates.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5909968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909968" title="The Fable of the Bees">
The Fable of the Bees

The Fable of The Bees: or, Private Vices, Public Benefits is a book by Bernard Mandeville, consisting of the poem, "The Grumbling Hive: or, Knaves turn’d Honest," along with prose discussion of the poem. The poem was published in 1705, and the book first appeared in 1714. The poem suggests many key principles of economic thought, including division of labor and the "invisible hand", seventy years before these concepts were more thoroughly elucidated by Adam Smith. Two centuries later, the noted economist John Maynard Keynes cited Mandeville to show that it was "no new thing ... to ascribe the evils of unemployment to ... the insufficiency of the propensity to consume", a condition also known as the "paradox of thrift," which was central to his own theory of effective demand.
At the time, however, it was considered scandalous. Keynes noted that it was "convicted as a nuisance by the grand jury of Middlesex in 1723, which stands out in the history of the moral sciences for its scandalous reputation. Only one man is recorded as having spoken a good word for it, namely Dr. Johnson, who declared that it did not puzzle him, but 'opened his eyes into real life very much'."
It was also reported that:
The poem.
The poem had appeared in 1705 and was intended as a commentary on England as Mandeville saw it. Keynes described the poem as setting forth "the appalling plight of a prosperous community in which all the citizens suddenly take it into their heads to abandon luxurious living, and the State to cut down armaments, in the interests of Saving".
The 'hive' is corrupt but prosperous, yet it grumbles about lack of virtue. A higher power decides to give them what they ask for:
This results in a rapid loss of prosperity, though the newly virtuous hive does not mind:
The poem ends in a famous phrase:
Prose expansions.
The poem attracted little attention. The 1714 work, however, quickly achieved notoriety, being understood as an attack on Christian virtues. What it actually means remains controversial down to the present day. Mandeville did say:
Jean-Jacques Rousseau commented on "The Fable of the Bees" in Part One of his "Discourse on the Origin and Basis of Inequality Among Men" (1754).
Economic views.
Mandeville is widely regarded as a serious economist and philosopher. He produced a second volume of "The Fable of the Bees" in 1732, with an extensive set of dialogues that set out his economic views. His ideas about the Division of labor draw on those of William Petty, and are similar to those of Adam Smith. Mandeville says:

</doc>
<doc id="5909970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909970" title="Michael Holt (author)">
Michael Holt (author)

Michael Holt (born 1929) is a UK author of puzzle and quiz books for children, including several "Doctor Who" related quiz books and "Crisis In Space" in the "Make Your Own Adventure with Doctor Who" series. He was also the co-author of Puffin Books' "Big Book of Puzzles" series. He taught mathematics and geometry in London schools in the 1960s and 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="5909971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909971" title="Russell Cross">
Russell Cross

Russell Cross (born September 5, 1961) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the NBA's Golden State Warriors in the 1st round (6th overall) of the 1983 NBA Draft.
College career.
Russell Cross attended and played basketball at Manley High School, located on the west side of Chicago. The 6'10" center moved on to attend Purdue University, where he played his freshman season under first year head coach, Gene Keady. In his first season as a Boilermaker, he set a freshman record with 540 points on the season and led Purdue to an NIT third place finish and to a 21-11 record. In his sophomore season, Cross helped lead them to the NIT Finals with teammate and All-Big Ten teammate, Keith Edmonson. In his junior season, he led Purdue to a 21-9 record and onto a Second Round NCAA Tournament appearance. Russel was named "First Team All-Big Ten" his junior year.
Professional career.
Russell Cross passed his senior year at Purdue to enter the 1983 NBA Draft, where he was selected as the 6th pick in the first round by the Golden State Warriors. Cross played in only one NBA season, averaging 3.7 points in 45 games for the Warriors in the 1983-84 NBA season.

</doc>
<doc id="5909976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909976" title="Stedman (surname)">
Stedman (surname)

Stedman is a surname. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="5909977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909977" title="Bubbles Hargrave">
Bubbles Hargrave

Eugene Franklin "Bubbles" Hargrave (July 15, 1892 – February 23, 1969) was an American catcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Chicago Cubs, Cincinnati Reds, and New York Yankees. He won the National League batting title in 1926 while playing for Cincinnati. He was nicknamed "Bubbles" because he stuttered when saying "B" sounds. Bubbles' younger brother, Pinky Hargrave, was also a major league catcher.
Biography.
Hargrave was born in New Haven, Indiana. He started his professional baseball career in 1911 in the Central League and made his major league debut in 1913 with the Chicago Cubs. He was their backup catcher until 1915. From 1916 to 1920, he played mostly in the American Association. In 1920, he had a big season with the St. Paul Saints, batting .335 with 22 home runs and finishing second in the league batting race. St. Paul won the pennant.
Hargrave was then acquired by the Cincinnati Reds. He was their starting catcher for most of the 1920s and consistently put up good hitting numbers. In 1926, he won the National League batting title with a .353 average. The rules at the time required batting champions to play in at least 100 games, and Hargrave pinch hit several times to get to 105. He was the first catcher to lead the NL in batting average. In 1927, he led the league's catchers in fielding percentage.
Hargrave went back to St. Paul for the 1929 season. He managed the club to a second place finish and also made the league All-Star team. He batted .369 in 104 games. The following year, Hargrave served as a backup catcher for the New York Yankees. He then went back to the minors for a few seasons before retiring in 1934.
After his baseball days, Hargrave worked for a valve company. He died at age 76 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was inducted into the Cincinnati Reds Hall of Fame in 1962 and the Indiana Baseball Hall of Fame in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5909990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909990" title="St Ambrose College">
St Ambrose College

St. Ambrose College is a Christian Brothers' Roman Catholic boys' grammar school in Hale Barns, Altrincham, Greater Manchester, England. It was founded in 1946. In 2012 the school became an academy, and was completely re-built.
St. Ambrose College is an additional member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference.
History.
St. Ambrose College, was founded during the Second World War by a group of evacuee De La Salle Brothers. Arriving in Hale in 1940 from Les Vauxbelets College in Guernsey, the Brothers, and a small group of students soon found suitable accommodation and re-established their school.
Towards the end of June 1940, when the Channel Islands were about to be occupied by the German army, the parents of boys attending Les Vauxbelets College, were asked to decide whether they should allow their sons to be evacuated to Great Britain or keep them at home with all the attendant risks (hunger, forced labour, etc.).
The college was in the charge of the French Province of the Brothers of De La Salle and they had promised that an appropriate number of the community would accompany the evacuees to care for them and to ensure that, as far as possible, their education did not suffer.
Having started with just the boys from Guernsey, in shared accommodation in Hale and keeping the Guernsey name, Les Vauxbelets College, the Brothers acquired a large house in Bowdon as college premises and permission was obtained for the college to accept local boys. The college adopted the name St. Ambrose College after the then Bishop of Shrewsbury.
During the war the College began to grow in popularity, especially as there was no Catholic school for boys in the South Manchester area.
At the end of the war, in the late summer of 1945, the De La Salle Brothers returned to Guernsey, and left a thriving school in the hands of the Irish Christian Brothers. The college moved to fresh premises, a large house with extensive grounds in Hale Barns. The college retains its original badge, motto, and colours to this day.
In 2005, St. Ambrose College were national champions in the FIRST Lego League.
In 2010, house groups were reintroduced into the school, following much planning by senior management. Aquinas (blue), Ignatius (red), Augustine (green), and Newman (yellow) houses are now prominent within the school, especially on uniform, which now entails a coloured dot representing the pupil's house. The Sixth Form has been given a more visible role, giving presentations and talks during assemblies and during a Wednesday morning tutor period. Prefects, Senior Prefects, Vice House Captains, House Captains, the Deputy Head Boy, and Head Boy, all have new ties, as well as badges which relate to their house.
St. Ambrose College has strong relationships with the history and ethos of Saint Ambrose, for instance the ingnia upon Sixth Form ties are bee hives as, legend has it a swarm of bees settled on St. Ambrose's face whilst he lay in his cradle, leaving behind a drop of honey. His father considered this a sign of his future eloquence and honeyed-tongue. For this reason, bees and beehives often appear in the saint's symbology.
New Building.
In April 2004, after the school's second bid for specialist status in six months failed, the headmaster Michael Thompson accused the Department of Education of bias. He claimed that when he asked officials why the bid was unsuccessful, he was told that it was "too Catholic". Member of Parliament for Altrincham and Sale West, Graham Brady called for an inquiry to be held. In 2005, St. Ambrose College gained specialist status in mathematics and computing, allowing it to give precedence to the named subjects and bringing a capital grant of £150,000 as well as an annual allowance of £120,000. The money has been spent on computers, projectors and generally modernising the classrooms.
The Office for Standards in Education, Children's Services and Skills (Ofsted) carried out an inspection in November 2005. The report noted that the school's buildings were "old and cramped and at times this makes learning difficult". St Ambrose College, which was considered the school in Trafford "most in need of a new building", was awarded £17 million in July 2006 to completely rebuild. Construction company Balfour Beatty was awarded the contract in January 2010 after a bidding process.
In September 2012 the school was opened, and had an official opening ceremony and Mass on the 8 October 2012.
The design of the school is a Celtic cross.
It has a six-lane swimming pool, after the old one was de-commissioned in 2005. It has a large sports hall above it, and a fitness suite (although it is officially a dance studio on the plans). These facilities are open most lunch times, as well as before and after school for students to use. The sports section has its own reception, and can be separated from the main building using a roller shutter. This is so it can be opened to the public, with the rest of the school being shut off.
The school also has a lecture theatre, as well as a cafe open all day to students and staff.
Results.
In 2010, the Trafford Local Education Authority was ranked seventh out of 150 in the country – and first out of Greater Manchester's 10 LEAs – based on the percentage of pupils attaining at least 5 A*–C grades at General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) including maths and English (63.3% compared with the national average of 50.7%). St Ambrose College was the sixth out of 19 secondary schools in the borough in terms of proportion of pupils achieving at least five GCSEs A*–C (92%). For A-level results, the school was ranked fifth out of nine schools in Trafford, with pupils averaging 955.7 points compared to the national average of 739.1.
Controversy.
In December 2012, the college was implicated in a child sex abuse case involving teaching staff carrying out alleged acts of abuse both on and off school grounds, although no current staff are said to be involved.
More than fifty former pupils contacted police, either as victims of, or witnesses to, sexual abuse. The alleged sexual abuse, including molestation of children while corporal punishment was administered, stemmed from 1962 onwards and continued over four decades.
On 15 July 2013, Mr Alan Morris, a former teacher was charged with 41 counts of indecent assault following an investigation into historical sexual abuse at the school. He is accused of committing the offences between 1972 and 1991 and the allegations involve 29 former pupils of the boys-only school, who were between 11 and 17 at the time. He was also charged with one count of outraging public decency and five of inciting gross indecency.
Notable former pupils.
St. Ambrose College has many notable alumni, including:

</doc>
<doc id="5909991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5909991" title="Gröditz">
Gröditz

Gröditz is a town in the district Meißen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. During World War II, a subcamp of Flossenbürg concentration camp was located here. The town is located 12 km northeast of Riesa, and 7 km southwest of Elsterwerda.

</doc>
<doc id="5910000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910000" title="Cellini (play)">
Cellini (play)

Cellini is a 2001 play by American playwright John Patrick Shanley. It is based on the process that the sculptor Benvenuto Cellini went through in order to create his work "Perseus with the Head of Medusa". 
Production.
Shanley said that he had been working on the play for six years, and revised it after it was first staged at Vassar College. He noted that "I think it's a more demanding play than I've ever done before... "
"Cellini" opened Off-Broadway at the Second Stage Theatre on January 24, 2001 and closed on March 4, 2001. Shanley was the director. The role of Cellini was played by Reg Rogers and its cast of 27 characters was played by only eight actors. Reviews of the play were generally mediocre.

</doc>
<doc id="5910008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910008" title="Loading bay (theatre)">
Loading bay (theatre)

A loading bay is a room in a theatre which is usually quite large. It generally has a bay door (a large metal door which rolls up, at least the size of the opening on a standard semi-trailer) at opposite sides of the room, one for a truck and the other for access to the stage. Sometimes sets and equipment for a traveling show are delivered through a bay, other times, the bay could be used for delivery of supplies and lumber for set construction. In a smaller theaters, the bay may serve as a theater, green room, or scene shop.
In most union work, teamsters and grips who unload trucks and move equipment are different from the carpenters, electricians, and other stagehands who assemble a show. By Union rules, generally teamsters are not permitted to work on the actual performance, and the stagehands are not allowed to even enter trucks. This exists primarily because loading and unloading trailers is one of the most dangerous jobs in theatre and performance.

</doc>
<doc id="5910019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910019" title="Dilys Cadwaladr">
Dilys Cadwaladr

Dilys Cadwaladr (19 March 1902 – January 1979 was a Welsh poet.
She is notable for being the first woman ever to win the Crown at the National Eisteddfod of Wales. She achieved this feat in 1953 at Rhyl.

</doc>
<doc id="5910029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5910029" title="Groitzsch">
Groitzsch

Groitzsch () is a town in the Leipzig district, in Saxony, Germany. 
Geography and transport.
The town is situated on the river Weiße Elster, 20 km northeast of Zeitz, and 25 km southwest of Leipzig. The B176 goes through Groitzsch and the B2 goes through the subdistricts Kobschütz and Audigast. The new Bundesautobahn 38 is about 15 km away.
History.
The original Sorbian name was Groisca.
The oldest archaeological finds in the town district date from approximately 4000 BC. After a dense settlement of the west Saxon region in prehistoric times, Slavic peoples migrated into this region after the migration of Germanic tribes in the 7th century, who appear in the sources as Sorbs. During the Ostsiedlung of the early Middle Ages, the populations mixed with settlers from Thuringia and Franconia. In the history of the town traces of Jewish life are also found.
The town was first mentioned in 1039 in the famous Pegauer Annals.

</doc>
