<doc id="5873816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873816" title="Organolead compound">
Organolead compound

Organolead compounds are chemical compounds containing a chemical bond between carbon and lead. Organolead chemistry is the corresponding science. The first organolead compound was hexaethyldilead (Pb2(C2H5)6), first synthesized in 1858. Sharing the same group with carbon, lead is tetravalent. 
Going down the carbon group the C–"X" ("X" = C, Si, Ge, Sn, Pb) bond becomes weaker and the bond length larger. The C–Pb bond in tetramethyllead is 222 pm long with a dissociation energy of 49 kcal/mol (204 kJ/mol). For comparison the C–Sn bond in tetramethyltin is 214 pm long with dissociation energy 71 kcal/mol (297 kJ/mol). The dominance of Pb(IV) in organolead chemistry is remarkable because inorganic lead compounds tend to have Pb(II) centers. The reason is that with inorganic lead compounds elements such as nitrogen, oxygen and the halides have a much higher electronegativity than lead itself and the partial positive charge on lead then leads to a stronger contraction of the 6s orbital than the 6p orbital making the 6s orbital inert; this is called the inert pair effect. 
By far the most important organolead compound is tetraethyllead, formerly used as an anti-knocking agent. The most important lead reagents for introducing lead are lead tetraacetate and lead chloride.
The use of organoleads is limited partly due to their toxicity, although the toxicity is only 10% of that of palladium compounds.
Synthesis.
Organolead compounds can be derived from Grignard reagents and lead chloride. For example methylmagnesium chloride reacts with lead chloride to tetramethyllead, a water-clear liquid with boiling point 110 °C and density 1.995 g/cm³. Reaction of a lead(II) source with sodium cyclopentadienide gives the lead metallocene, plumbocene.
Certain arene compounds react directly with lead tetraacetate to aryl lead compounds in an electrophilic aromatic substitution. For instance anisole with lead tetraacetate forms 'p-methoxyphenyllead triacetate in chloroform and dichloroacetic acid: 
Other compounds of lead are organolead halides of the type RnPbX(4-n), organolead sulfinates (RnPb(OSOR)(4−n)) and organolead hydroxides (RnPb(OH)(4−n)). Typical reactions are:
Derived from the hydroxides are the plumboxanes:
which give access to polymeric alkoxides:
Reactions.
The C–Pb bond is weak and for this reason homolytic cleavage of organolead compounds to free radicals is easy. In its anti-knocking capacity, its purpose is that of a radical initiator. General reaction types of aryl and vinyl organoleads are transmetalation for instance with boronic acids and acid-catalyzed heterocyclic cleavage. Organoleads find use in coupling reactions between arene compounds. They are more reactive than the likewise organotins and can therefore be used to synthesise sterically crowded biaryls. 
In oxyplumbation, organolead alkoxides are added to polar alkenes:
The alkoxide is regenerated in the subsequent methanolysis and, therefore, acts as a catalyst.
Aryllead triacetates.
The lead substituent in p-methoxyphenyllead triacetate is displaced by carbon nucleophiles such as the phenol "2,4,6-trimethylphenol" (mesitol) exclusively at the aromatic ortho position:
The reaction requires the presence of a large excess of a coordinating amine such as pyridine which presumably binds to lead in the course of the reaction. The reaction is insensitive to radical scavengers and therefore a free radical mechanism can be ruled out. The reaction mechanism is likely to involve nucleophilic displacement of an acetate group by the phenolic group to a diorganolead intermediate which in some related reactions can be isolated. The second step is then akin to a Claisen rearrangement except that the reaction depends on the electrophilicity (hence the ortho preference) of the phenol. 
The nucleophile can also be the carbanion of a β-dicarbonyl compound:
The carbanion forms by proton abstraction of the acidic α-proton by pyridine (now serving a double role) akin to the Knoevenagel condensation. This intermediate displaces an acetate ligand to a diorganolead compound and again these intermediates can be isolated with suitable reactants as unstable intermediates. The second step is reductive elimination with formation of a new C–C bond and lead(II) acetate.
Reactive intermediates.
Organolead compounds form a variety of reactive intermediates such as lead free radicals:
and plumbylenes, the lead carbene counterparts:
These intermediates break up by disproportionation.
Plumbylidines of the type RPb (formally Pb(I)) are ligands to other metals in LnMPbR compounds (compare to carbon metal carbynes).

</doc>
<doc id="5873824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873824" title="Eltmann">
Eltmann

Eltmann is a town of 5500 inhabitants (in the Haßberge district of Lower Franconia, in Bavaria, Germany. It lies on the south bank of the Main river, west of Bamberg. It comprises the town proper, and its outlying districts, Dippach, Eschenbach, Limbach, Lembach, Roßstadt, and Weissbrunn, as well as an industrial district. Eltmann lies within the Naturpark Steigerwald.
The German federal highway (Bundesstraße) 26 passes through town, and the German Main Valley Autobahn 70 has an interchange adjacent to town. Eltmann receives rail service from the German national railway system, Deutsche Bahn, at the Ebelsbach-Eltmann train station.
Schools.
Several Kindergartens, the Johann-Baptist-Graser Grundschule, the Wallburg Realschule, and the Georg-Göpfert-Hauptschule are located within the town.
Tourism.
Eltmann lies within the Naturpark Steigerwald.
The German federal highway (Bundesstraße) 26 passes through town, and the German Main Valley Autobahn 70 has an interchange adjacent to town. Eltmann receives rail service from the German national railway system, Deutsche Bahn, at the Ebelsbach-Eltmann train station. 
Wallburg.
Originally a 43 meter high watchtower dating from the 11th Century attached by a bridge to an adjacent castle, the upper portion of the tower fell into disrepair following the destruction of the remainder of the castle. The present 27 meter height was established when the tower was repaired. The Wallburg offers a breathtaking view of Eltmann, the Steigerwald and Main river valley, and the top is accessible via an internal staircase. From German Wikipedia: :de:Burg Wallburg.
Parish Church.
Begun in 1835, the current Roman Catholic parish church incorporates a portion of the original 14th century church, whose foundations date back to the 11th Century. The medieval stone carvings therein include the epitaphs of the Knights of the von Fuchs family.
The Church of the Visitation of Mary.
Dedicated in the year 1755, the "Wallfahrtskirche Mariaheimsuchung" pilgrimage church in Limbach stands as the last major work of the architect, Balthasar Neumann . The stunning Rococo interior is complemented by the High Altar, a masterpiece completed in 1761 by the renowned sculptor Johann Peter Wagner. Adjacent to the church is found the Spring of Mercy, to which several miraculous cures have been attributed.
Municipal Swimming Pool.
The Olympic-sized municipal swimming pool actually consists of several pools suitable for swimmers of all ages to enjoy. The surrounding lawn is shaded by chestnut trees, and a restaurant and tennis courts are adjacent.
Steigerwald.
Kilometers of well-groomed trails winding through the hills of the Steigerwald, one of the German national parks, offer unlimited hiking and wildlife viewing opportunities.
Chapel of the Holy Cross.
The "Kreuzkapelle" overlooks the graveyard. First completed in 1612, the chapel received a complete reconstruction in 1768. It was relocated to its current location in the graveyard in 1961.
Ölbergkapelle.
This chapel, dating from the 13th Century, is the oldest structure in town.
Main River.
The promenade along the Main River offers a relaxing stroll. The town center, with many charming shops, is an easy walk away.
History.
Founded circa the year 741 during a period of expansion of civil administration and military fortifications in the Franconian region, Eltmann is first mentioned in 8th Century historical records as "Altimoin" or "Eltimoin", interpreted as "on the upper Main", or perhaps more appropriately as "by the old Main", perhaps denoting its location on a side channel of the Main river. Eltmann was granted rights as a town in 1335 during the reign of Holy Roman Emperor Ludwig the Bavarian. The first use of the spelling "Eltmann" appears in records from 1456, but the spelling was not finally standardized until the 17th Century.
Although the town proper was largely spared any destruction during World War Two, a nearby ball bearing plant was attacked by American heavy bombers of the 92nd Bomb Group (H) on July 21, 1944 and severely damaged. 
Eltmann celebrated its 650th anniversary in 1985.
Coat of Arms.
The earliest coat of arms of the town of Eltmann dates from the late 14th century, and comprised the red and white quartered shield of Würzburg. From 1512 onward the town seal added the man-at-arms, finally adding a "T" symbol (actually representing a "Buechsengabel," a device used to support an arquebus or other early firearm) in the 19th century.
Cultural Activities.
Breweries.
Four breweries call Eltmann home, giving the town its nickname of the "Beer Town of the Steigerwald". In July, the town holds an annual beer festival, featuring live music and entertainment, food, and, of course, the local beers. 
Heimatmuseum Eltmann.
The local history museum provides interesting displays detailing the rich history of the town and area, including displays on daily life and local viniculture.
Economy.
Eltmann has a diversified economy of agriculture, light manufacturing [http://www.oke-gmbh.de][http://www.stein-vetter.de/frontend.php?en/aee570631bbcfc2f9c2b5b607d6ad7ab/template/3/n/n/n][http://www.fag.com/content.fag.de/en/regions/region-germany.jsp?country_id=53&continent_id=39&location_id=80230&], retail and tourism.
Viniculture.
Eltmann lies at the eastern border of the renowned Franconian wine-producing region. Franconian wines are known throughout Germany for their dryness, and have a spicy or earthy flavor. These wines are bottled in the distinctive, green, flagon-shaped bottle called the "Bocksbeutel". The superior quality of these wines has ensured their popularity among Germans, and as a result little of the Franconian production is exported.
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 

</doc>
<doc id="5873828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873828" title="Três Lagoas">
Três Lagoas

Três Lagoas ("Three Ponds") is a municipality in Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil. It is the third most populous city in that state. Founded in 1915, colonization began in 1880 by Luís Correia Neves Filho, Antônio Trajano dos Santos e Protásio Garcia Leal. It is named for three lakes in the region.
The city itself has around 105,000 people, most from the surrounding regions.
Culturally different, very close to southern culrures, such as Gaucho and Catarinense. Large festivals are held here as well as rodeos.
The city is served by Plínio Alarcom Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5873837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873837" title="Umoonasaurus">
Umoonasaurus

Umoonasaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur belonging to the family Leptocleididae. This genus lived approximately 115 million years ago (Aptian-Albian) in shallow seas covering parts of what is now Australia. It was a relatively small animal around 2.5 m (8 ft) long. An identifying trait of "Umoonasaurus" is three crest-ridges on its skull.
"Umoonasaurus" is known from a relatively complete skeleton preserved as opal from Coober Pedy in South Australia. This specimen was prepared by Paul Willis at the Australian Museum, Sydney, and became the focus of a nationwide fundraising appeal coordinated by ABC TV's Quantum program.

</doc>
<doc id="5873841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873841" title="Michał Kwiecień">
Michał Kwiecień

Michał Kwiecień (born March 1, 1957) is a Polish bridge player. Kwiecień won the 1998 World Open Pairs Championship with Jacek Pszczoła.

</doc>
<doc id="5873849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873849" title="Estadio Nelson Barrera">
Estadio Nelson Barrera

Estadio Nelson Barrera is a stadium in Campeche, Mexico. It is primarily used for baseball, and is the home field of the Piratas de Campeche (Campeche Pirates) Mexican League baseball team. It holds 6,000 people. It is named for Campeche native and Mexican League home run and RBI record setter Nelson Barrera. It was built in the same location as the former Estadio Venustiano Carranza (originally built 28 December 1958), which had served as the home field for the Pirates from 1980 through 1997. For the 1998 through the 2000 seasons the Pirates played out of the 3,000 seat Estadio Leandro Dominguez in the Santa Lucia neighborhood of the city of Campeche. Estadio Nelson Barrera Romellón was opened on 22 May 2001 with a victory of the Pirates over the visiting Olmecas de Tabasco.

</doc>
<doc id="5873858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873858" title="Your Time Has Come">
Your Time Has Come

"Your Time Has Come" is the second single by the American hard rock band Audioslave from their second album "Out of Exile". It was released in 2005.
The song is featured on the Soundtrack of the game "FlatOut 2".
Song meaning.
The song was inspired by the 1980s song "People Who Died," by The Jim Carroll Band, an emotional salute to the casualties of New York drug culture written by poet and singer Jim Carroll, who also wrote the autobiographical "The Basketball Diaries". As Chris Cornell explained: "It's a bunch of references to people that I knew that ... were younger than me who've been dead for years and years, up to a couple of years ago."it is also about people who killed themselves before their time has come." 
The lyrics also make a reference to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. ("...I've seen fifty-thousand names all engraved on a stone..."). As Cornell has put it: "And then just kind of that juxtaposition of, even though it seems a lot for one person, a young healthy person, to have lost all these friends through various means of stupidity and other things, then making reference to the Vietnam War Memorial and the sheer numbers of dead. And remembering that and pointing out that each one of them has a family, each one of them has friends that are sitting around thinking about the same stuff that I did. But the numbers are astounding and, in a sense, kind of criminal. And that's what the song's about."
Criticism.
"Your Time Has Come" has received much criticism from Metallica fans, who claim the main guitar riff is copied off of "Bad Seed," which was featured on Metallica's 1997 release "ReLoad". The difference is the tuning; "Bad Seed" is in E-flat, whereas "Your Time Has Come" is performed in E standard tuning. The band has not commented on this issue to date.
In addition to this, the riff has been compared to "Get on the Snake" by vocalist Chris Cornell's previous band, Soundgarden. The main riff from this song and the verse riff from "Get on the Snake" are very similar, apart from a difference in the time signature.
Music video.
The music video for the song consists of powerful scenes from their free live show in Cuba, which was the first time a rock band from the U.S. played in Cuba. It was held in May 2005, and also a DVD came out about this concert. Besides the concert footage moments from the life of Audioslave can be seen in the video (the band on the road, giving interviews, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="5873861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873861" title="Arieh">
Arieh

Arieh may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5873877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873877" title="Elzach">
Elzach

Elzach is a town in the district of Emmendingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Elz, 26 km northeast of Freiburg.
International relations.
Twin towns – Sister cities.
Elzach is twinned with: 

</doc>
<doc id="5873885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873885" title="Scorton Grammar School">
Scorton Grammar School

Scorton Grammar School is a former grammar school that was located in Scorton village, in Richmondshire, North Yorkshire, England.
It was founded by Leonard Robinson who bequeathed money, land and his house so that someone should "teach school in the town of Scorton" 
The school's latin motto was Sola in Deo Salus means "Safety in God alone".
The school crest was the roebuck (the family crest of the founder).
The school was run as a private boys boarding school with day students from nearby villages until the decision was made to accept female pupils from 1989 in order to raise numbers at the school.
During the 1991 summer holidays, chairman of the governors John Bell announced, that the school was no longer viable with only 100 pupils. The school was a charitable trust but it was heavily indebted and the lack of new admissions meant that it would be impossible to continue operating and to balance the books. 
Other small independent schools in the area have also closed over recent years, these include the Assumption Convent in Richmond in 1993 and the Great Ayton Friends' School in 1997.
Redevelopment of the site.
After closure the four acre site was bought by a local builder named Randall Orchard. The main building was renovated and converted into flats, five large houses were built and an estate of more than 80 smaller homes were built on the grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="5873893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873893" title="Mish Maoul">
Mish Maoul

Mish Maoul (مش معقول an Egyptian expression meaning "unbelievable") is the sixth album by Belgian world music singer Natacha Atlas. It was released by Mantra Records on April 24, 2006 worldwide. The album was primarily produced by Nick Page aka Count Dubulah, Atlas' former band mate in Transglobal Underground, now a member of Temple of Sound.
The album marks a return for Atlas to her North African and Arabic musical roots, although musical styles such as bossa nova, Western pop, and electronica are also utilized. In 2006, the album reached number twelve on the "Billboard" Top World Music Albums chart in the United States.
Musical style.
As befits her globe-trotting lifestyle and influences, Atlas continues to create a body of work that refuses to be neatly categorised. Over the past decade, she has fused North African and Arabic music with western electronic beats to produce a unique dance music hybrid. With her latest album "Mish Maoul", however, her career comes full circle to touch base with her roots. The new album harks back in its sound and traditions to the music she grew up hearing in the Moroccan suburb of Brussels, particularly when the Golden Sound Studio Orchestra of Cairo makes its entrance. It also reunites her again with the Temple of Sound's Nick Page aka Count Dubulah, with whom she first worked in Transglobal Underground and who helped produce her very first solo album "Diaspora" (and many subsequent collaborations).

</doc>
<doc id="5873894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873894" title="Smile of a Child TV">
Smile of a Child TV

Smile of a Child TV (SoaC) is an American Christian-based broadcast television network that is owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network. 
The network is aimed at children between the ages of 2 and 11-years-old, and offers 24/7 religious and family oriented children's programming. It is the television arm of the Trinity Broadcasting Network's "Smile of a Child" ministry, created by TBN co-founder Jan Crouch. 
Overview.
It is carried over-the-air on digital subchannels of TBN owned-and-operated and affiliated stations nationwide, usually on the fifth subchannel (for example, if the local TBN station broadcasts on channel 17, then Smile of a Child would be carried on digital subchannel 17.5). The network is also livestreamed on both its and TBN's website; TBN also runs a block of select programs featured on Smile of a Child TV on Saturdays from 5 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET (as such, it is the only children's program block on any U.S. broadcast television network that runs during the morning "and" afternoon hours).
Smile of a Child is available in the U.S. on DirecTV and Dish Network and throughout North and Central America as a free-to-air channel on Galaxy 14 C-band, Galaxy 19 Ku band and available with Glorystar Christian Satellite. Internationally, Smile of a Child TV is on the Hot Bird satellite service in Europe, ABS1 satellite to Asia, India and the Middle East, and Agila 2 both C-band and Ku band signal in some areas of Asia and the Philippines. 
The network's butterfly logo is based on the initials of Jan Crouch's maiden name, JWB (Janice Wendell Bethany).
Awards.
In 2008, Smile of a Child received the Parents Television Council Entertainment Seal of Approval.
Programming.
Although primarily a Christian-based network, Smile of a Child TV has acquired some secular programming from outside producers and the public domain, such as "Timmy & Lassie", "The Funny Company", "Davey and Goliath", "Veggie Tales", "3-2-1 Penguins", and "The Big Garage", as well as acquiring the U.S. rights to Canadian series such as "Mickey's Farm", and Japanese anime shows such as "" and "Little Women". It also airs family-oriented movies with religious/inspirational themes on Friday and Saturday evenings.
Current programming.
Programs in bold indicate that the program also airs Saturdays on TBN as part of its "Smile of a Child" children's block.
All programs listed are designated as E/I by TBN and SoaC, fulfilling the Federal Communications Commission's educational programming requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="5873896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873896" title="Fatty">
Fatty

Fatty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5873900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873900" title="Adam Żmudziński">
Adam Żmudziński

Adam Żmudziński (born 1956) is a Polish bridge player holding the title of World Grand Master. Żmudziński won the World Transnational Open Teams in 2000 and 2009, European Open Teams in 1989 and 1993 as well as the prestige "London Sunday Times Invitational" Pairs in 1994. His team finished second in the 2000 World Team Olympiad, 1991 Bermuda Bowl and 1994 Rosenblum Cup. With his regular partner, Cezary Balicki, won the bronze medal at the World Open Pairs held in Geneva in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5873910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873910" title="Original Fire">
Original Fire

"Original Fire" is the first single from the album "Revelations" by American hard rock band Audioslave. The song debuted on radio stations on July 17, 2006 and the single itself was released on August 28, 2006.
The song is currently freely available for streaming at Audioslave's official website and official MySpace profile.
Guitarist Tom Morello described the song as hard-rocking, but with a '70s funk and soul influence. "It's a jam," he said. "It's one of those songs where the genesis was a riff that I had for a very, very long time and imagined it happening in a certain way. When we started jamming in the room, the song morphed into something completely different, completely unexpected and a lot better than I ever imagined it being."
Epic Records held a contest in which the participants had to identify all of the icons shown in the video (there was a list of names and silhouettes given and you had to match them) and they had the chance to win copy of the album "Revelations", as well as a guitar signed by the band.[http://www.epicrecords.com/audioslave/revolver/]
Over a year and a half after release, the song rose back into the UK Rock Chart, at number 11, and a week later climbed to the top 10 at number 6. It was also a substantial rock hit in the U.S., peaking at number 3 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart and number 4 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, although it did not chart for several months. In Canada, it was their last successful single to date, peaking at #1 on the Radio & Records' Canadian rock chart.
Monkey house guitar solo.
"Original Fire" has a strange guitar solo that Tom Morello describes as monkey laughter. He does this solo by setting his DOD Equalizer, deploying his wah-wah pedal, depressing his whammy bar to make the strings slack and slapping the strings against the pickups, though, as in the video, it is also possible to have the same effect by using the tuning peg, instead of the whammy bar. Tom later went on to jokingly describe this solo as an "ATROCITY" 
Music video.
A music video for "Original Fire" was also shot, and premiered on Yahoo! Music.[http://music.yahoo.com/ar-296097-videos] The video was directed by Paul R. Brown (who was the director of videos for bands like Stone Sour, Otep and Mötley Crüe) and reflected on the lyrics of the song, "The original fire has died and gone, but the riot inside moves on." It featured the band playing with images of figures that are inspirational to the band, such as Johnny Cash, Martin Luther King Jr., Che Guevara, Chuck D, The Clash, Bob Dylan, Wendy O. Williams, Peter Tosh, Jello Biafra, Bill Hicks, Lenny Bruce, Jim Morrison, the Million Man March, Andy Warhol, Ozzy Osbourne, Janis Joplin, Joey Ramone, Randy Rhoads, Malcolm X, Glenn Danzig, Iggy Pop and Nelson Mandela. "The video, in some ways, is about the thread of music and cultural figures with integrity that were important parts of our history - how all those streams flow together to where we are today," Morello explained.

</doc>
<doc id="5873919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873919" title="Roselle Public Schools">
Roselle Public Schools

The Roselle Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from the borough of Roselle, in Union County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the district's six schools had an enrollment of 2,979 students and 236.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.60:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE", the fifth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2010-11 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5873939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873939" title="Joseph Mark McShea">
Joseph Mark McShea

Joseph Mark McShea (February 22, 1907–November 28, 1991) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Allentown from 1961 to 1983.
Early life and education.
Joseph McShea was born in Lattimer, in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, one of seven children of Roger A. and Jeanette (née Beach) McShea. He received his early education at the parochial school of Transfiguration of Our Lord Church in Philadelphia. He graduated from West Philadelphia Catholic High School for Boys in 1923, and then began his studies for the priesthood at St. Charles Borromeo Seminary in Overbrook. In 1926, he was sent to continue his studies in Rome at the Pontifical Roman Seminary and the Pontifical Lateran University. He earned a doctorate in theology in 1932.
Priesthood.
McShea was ordained a priest by Cardinal Francesco Marchetti Selvaggiani on December 6, 1931. His first assignment, following his return to Pennsylvania, was as a professor at St. Charles Borromeo Seminary, where taught Latin, Italian, and history (1932–35). From 1935 to 1938, he served as a "minutante" of the Congregation for Oriental Churches in the Roman Curia. He then returned to the United States, where he served as secretary of the Apostolic Delegation in Washington, D.C. (1938–52). He was named a papal chamberlain in August 1938, and raised to the rank of domestic prelate in April 1948.
Episcopacy.
On February 8, 1952, McShea was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia and titular bishop of "Mina" by Pope Pius XII. He received his episcopal consecration on the following March 19 from Archbishop Amleto Giovanni Cicognani, with Bishops Eugene J. McGuinness and William David O'Brien serving as co-consecrators, at the Cathedral of SS. Peter and Paul. He selected as his episcopal motto: "Sub Umbra Petri" ("In the Shadow of Peter"). As an auxiliary bishop, he served as pastor of St. Francis de Sales Church in Philadelphia.
McShea was appointed the first Bishop of the newly erected Diocese of Allentown by Pope John XXIII on February 11, 1961. His installation took place at the Cathedral of Saint Catharine of Siena on April 11 of that year. During his 22-year tenure, he oversaw the construction, purchase, and renovation of over 300 church buildings. In 1964, McShea, together with the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales, founded Allentown College (currently known as DeSales University). He ordained 130 priests between 1961 and 1975, and convened the first diocesan synod in May 1968.
Between 1962 and 1965, McShea attended all four sessions of the Second Vatican Council in Rome. During the Council, he was one of 18 American bishops elected to the 10 commissions that facilitated the Council's work, and served as relator for the Commission for Religious. In 1969, he sued the board of directors of Sacred Heart Hospital to prevent a corporate merger with Allentown Hospital during the formation of the Allentown-Sacred Heart Hospital Center.
After reaching the mandatory retirement age of 75, McShea resigned as Bishop of Allentown on February 3, 1983. McShea, long ill from diabetes and other ailments, later died at age 84.

</doc>
<doc id="5873945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873945" title="Armoni and Mephibosheth">
Armoni and Mephibosheth

Armoni and Mephibosheth are the two sons of Saul with his concubine Rizpah, daughter of Aiah. The brothers were two of the seven descendants of Saul, along with the five sons of Saul's daughter Merab, to be given by King David to the Gibeonites, whose abuse by Saul had been identified as the source of a famine. The Gibeonites hanged the men, and their mother Rizpah stood guard over their bodies for five months before they were allowed to be buried.() 

</doc>
<doc id="5873951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873951" title="Mongolian name">
Mongolian name

Mongolian names have gone through certain revolutions in the history of Mongolia. In the first, traditional Mongolian names were replaced by Tibetan names, while in the second, Tibetan names were replaced by new Mongolian names rather different from those before the first naming revolution. In modern day, Inner Mongolian customs are similar to Mongolia, but do display some differences.
Historical evolution.
Mongolian names traditionally have an important symbolic character — a name with auspicious connotations being thought to bring good fortune to its bearer. The naming of children was usually done by the parents or a respected elder of the family or religious figures. For example, it is said that the prominent Shaman, Teb-tengeri, saw in the stars a great future for the child and bestowed on Tolui's eldest son the name Möngke (meaning "eternal" in the Mongolian language). 
Nowadays most parents give Mongolian names to their children, often consisting of two nouns or adjectives (in Mongolian grammar, it is considered a single word), representing qualities such as solidity and strength for boys or beauty in the case of girls.
Generally, the Mongols (unlike their southern neighbours, the Chinese) have only one personal name, which remains the same throughout their lives. While clan organization remained important among the Mongols into the 17th century, clan names were not linked with the personal name in a family name system. Clan name is still important among the Buryats and to a lesser extent among Kalmyks today. While the personal name of the living ruler was not originally tabooed, as in China, the names of deceased rulers were tabooed for several generations. In the past this prohibition was even stronger. In Mongolia and Inner Mongolia, the Mongols also use clan names.
Middle Ages.
The most common category of Mongol names were those of auspicious or (for boys) manly things, such as gold (altan), eternity (möngke), surplus (Hülegü), blue (köke), white (chagha’an), good health (esen), uncle (abagha), firmness (batu), stability (toqto’a), bulls (buqa, for men), iron (temür), steel (bolad), black (qara), hardness (berke) or nine (yisü).
Such names were often combined with suffixes used only for personal names, such as -"dai", -"ge"/"gei", and -"der" for boys and -"jin", -"tani", and -"lun" for girls. However, Temüjin's -"jin" is a form of the occupational derivational suffix -"cin", but not a feminine suffix: "temür" 'iron' + -"cin" = "temüjin" 'smith'. 
Other names were based on either conquests or clan names. For example, Sartaq (merchants of western Asian or western Central Asian origin), "Hasi" (Mongolian form of Tangut Xia Dynasty), Orus (Rus), Asudai (Alani) and so on. Clan-based personal names did not relate to the person’s own clan or tribe. For example, Eljigidey was not from Iljigin (Eljigin) tribe and the Mongol general Mangghudai was a Tatar (not to be confused with the modern Turkic people of the Tatars in Europe), but not a Manghud.
One finds a number of degrading or inauspicious names during the 13-14th centuries such as Sorqaqtani, “Pox girl,” or Nohai (~Nokai) "dog", obviously in an attempt to fool bad spirits or disease into thinking it had already afflicted them. This tradition is still preserved in Mongolia in modern times. Symbolic names that express frustration can be found such as the not uncommon girls’ name Oghul-qaimish (Middle Turkic "next time a boy"), while the name "Jochi" “Guest” indicated doubts about the child’s paternity.
Turkic names were common among Mongols (such as Oghul-qaimish, Abishqa, Qutlugh and so on). However, names of other foreign origin were introduced when the Mongol Empire expanded all over Eurasia, increasing international trade and cultural connections and also partly due to religious dignity. Ghazan, Kharbanda, or Toghus (peacock) are not Mongol words. Christian names also existed among the Turkic and Mongol peoples (especially Onguts and Keraits) on the Mongolian Plateau. The Ilkhan Öljeitü's name at birth was "Nicholas". 
Some Mongols had Chinese names. For example, the Buddhist monk, Haiyun, gave the name Zhenjin (True-gold) to Khubilai and Chabi's eldest son. In the late 13th century, many newborn children in Italy were named after Mongol rulers, including "Hülegü". 
From the mid-13th century Sanskrit, Uyghur, and Tibetan Buddhist names (Ananda (the Yuan prince), Dorji (Khubilai's son) or "Wachir" (a Yuan official), "Gammala" (Khubilai's son), "Irinchin" (the Ilkhanid general), etc.) granted by Tibetan teachers became common in the royal family and the aristocratic clans. In the west some Mongols took Islamic names such as "Bū Sa'īd" (misspelled as Abu Sa'id) or "Khwaja" after they converted, although many kept their Mongolian names.
After the expulsion of the Mongol regime from China, the Sanskrit names in the imperial family soon disappeared. Christian names appeared occasionally before disappearing (Markörgis Khan). Turkish, Muslim and Turkic names also declined (Akbarjin, Ismayil or Arghun), leaving primarily the auspicious Mongolian names similar to those in the early empire. For example, some of the later Mongolian Emperors' names include Batumöngke, Buyan, Esen, Toγtoγa Buqa and Manduul. However, the Mongols affected the nations under them. The Jurchens (ancestors of Manchus) in Ming China often used Mongolian names. Sayyid Ajjal Shams al-Din Omar's great-grandson was given the name "Bayan" "rich".
Late Middle ages and Early modern period.
With the beginning of the new wave of Buddhism in 1575, however, Buddhist and Tibetan names reintroduced into Mongolia. By 1700 the vast majority of Mongols had Buddhist names, usually Tibetan, but also sometimes Sanskrit or from Mongolian Buddhist terminology. A number of Mongolian-language names survived, particularly with more pacific elements designating peace
("Engke", "Amur"), happiness ("Jirgal"), long life ("Nasu"), and blessing ("Öljei", "Kesig").
Buddhist names were granted according to several different principles. The most common for laymen are
based on the Tibetan or Sanskrit names of powerful deities: "Damdin/Damrin" (Hayagriva), "Dulma/Dari" (Tara), "Gombo" (Mahākāla), Cagdur/Shagdur (Vajrapani), Jamsrang (Beg-tshe), Jamyang (Manjusri), etc. Another type of Buddhist name derives from the Tibetan days of the week, themselves named after the Sun, Moon, and five
visible planets (Nima, Dawa, Migmar, Lhagba, Pürbü, Basang, Bimba). Another astrological scheme divides the days of the month into five classes, each under an element: "Dorji" (power bolt), "Badma" (lotus), and "Sangjai" (Buddha). The suffixes -"jab" (Tibetan "skyabs" “protecting”) and -"sürüng" (Tibetan -"srung" “guarding”) were commonly added to these Buddhist names. Finally, some names, particularly for monks, were based on Tibetan words for desired qualities or aspects of the religion: "Lubsang" “good intellect”, "Agwang" “powerful in speech”, "Danzin" “instruction keeper”, "Dashi/Rashi", “blessed.” A number of Buddhist terms exist in multiple forms transmitted from Old Uyghur, Tibetan, and Sanskrit: thus, "Wachir/Ochir", "Dorji", and "Bazar" all mean “power bolt,” while "Erdeni", "Rinchin", and "Radna" all mean “jewel”.
A distinctive type of Mongolian name that flourished in this period and is still common in the countryside is the avoidance name, designed to avert misfortune from the child: "Nergüi" “No Name”, "Enebish" “Not This”, "Terbish" "Not That". 
Modern.
Mongolia.
In the 20th century, when Mongolia effectively functioned as a Soviet satellite, Mongols were sometimes given Russian names like "Alexander" or "Sasha", or mixed ones like "Ivaanjav" consisting of the Russian "Ivan" and the Tibetan "-jav". Politically correct parents may have chosen "Oktyabr" (October), "Seseer" (USSR), "Mart" (March) and even "Molotov" as names for their offspring. A stranger example is "Melschoi", composed of the first letters of Marx, Engels, Lenin, Stalin and Choibalsan.
Today male names still include the names of old Mongolian elements such as 'iron' or 'steel', or other words denoting strength, such as 'hero', 'strong', or 'axe': some examples are "Gansükh" 'steel-axe', "Batsaikhan" 'strong-nice', or "Tömörbaatar" 'iron-hero', "Chuluunbold" 'stone-steel'. Temujin, Borte, Yisu and other old names are commonly given to newborn children after 1990.
Women's names commonly refer to fine colours or flowers, the sun and moon, or may be made up of any other word with positive connotations using the feminine suffix "-maa" (Tib. 'mother'): some common examples are "Altantsetseg" 'golden-flower', "Narantuyaa" 'sun-beam', "Uranchimeg" 'artistic-decoration', "Sarangerel" 'moon-light', "Erdenetungalag" 'jewel-clear', and "Tsetsegmaa" 'flower'.
Many gender-neutral name components refer to auspicious qualities such as eternity or happiness: some examples are "Mönkh" 'eternal', "Erdene" 'jewel', "Oyuun" 'mind', "Altan" 'golden', "Saikhan" 'fine' and "Enkh" 'peace'. Many names include the names of places, including mountains, rivers etc., e.g. "Altai" or "Tuul".
Mongolians do not use surnames in the way that most Westerners, Chinese or Japanese do. Since the socialist period, patronymics — at that time called "ovog", now known as "etsgiin ner" — are used instead of a surname. If the father's name is not legally established (i.e. by marriage) or altogether unknown, a matronymic is used. The patro- or matronymic is written before the given name. 
Therefore, if a man with given name Tsakhia has a son, and gives the son the name "Elbegdorj", the son's full name, as it appears in passports and the like, is "Tsakhia Elbegdorj". Very frequently, as in texts and speech, the patronymic is given in genitive case, i.e. "Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj", with (in this case) -giin being the genitive suffix. However, the patronymic is rather insignificant in everyday use and usually just abbreviated to an initial - "Ts. Elbegdorj". People are normally just referred to and addressed by their given name ("Elbegdorj guai" - 'Mr. Elbegdorj'), and the patronymic is only used to distinguish two people with a common given name. Even then, they are usually just distinguished by their initials, not by the full patronymic. There are cases in which a matronymic has been legally bestowed for one or the other reason, while a patronymic is known. If the patronymic is to be conveyed anyway, this can take a form like "Altan Choi ovogt Dumaagiin Sodnom" with the patronymic preceding the word ovog that takes the suffix "-t" 'having'.
The basic differences between Mongolian and Anglo-Saxon names, in connection with trying to fit Mongolian names into foreign schemata, frequently lead to confusion. For example, O. Gündegmaa, a Mongolian shooter, is often incorrectly referred to as Otryad, i.e. by the (given) name of her father.
Since 2000, Mongolians have been officially using clan names — "ovog", the same word that was used for the patronymics during the socialist period — on their ID cards (the clan name is also referred to as "urgiin ovog", meaning lineage name, among general use, to distinguish from the patro- or matronymic). Many people chose the names of the ancient clans and tribes such Borjigin, Besud, Jalair, etc. Others chose the names of the native places of their ancestors, or the names of their most ancient known ancestor. Some just decided to pass their own given names (or modifications of their given names) to their descendants as clan names. A few chose other attributes of their lives as surnames; Mongolia's first cosmonaut Gürragchaa chose 'Sansar' (Outer space). Clan names precede the patronymics and given names, as in "Besud Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj".
In practice, these clan names seem to have had no significant effect — nor are they included in Mongolian passports.
Inner Mongolia.
In Inner Mongolia, Chinese names are quite common, as are Mongolian names. Tibetan names are usually restricted to people in their 50s and older. The People's Republic of China does not recognize Mongolian clan names. As a result, many Mongols from within China who have acquired their passports since 2001 have "XXX" printed in place of their surnames, while before that either a syllable from an individual's given name or the first syllable of the patronymic was used in place of the Chinese surname. Also, for some individuals, "XXX" is printed in the slot for the given name, while the given name is printed in the slot for the surname. 
Some Mongolians in China do have surnames because their parents are Han, Hui, Manchu etc. Some others use an abbreviation (like "Bao" 'Borjigin') of their clan name.
Officially, Mongolian name in China is transcribed with the SASM/GNC/SRC transcriptions (e.g. Ulanhu), but this system is rarely performed. Generally, the names in Chinese passports are given as the Pinyin form of the Chinese character transcription of the original Mongolian. For example "Mengkebateer" (from 孟克巴特尔) would be used instead of "Möngkebaghatur" (Mongolian script), "Mөnghebagatur" (Mongolian pinyin) or "Munkhbaatar" (approximate English pronunciation).
Sometimes in such Chinese transcriptions of Mongolian names, the first syllable is sometimes wrongly given as the surname, i.e. Ulanhu becomes Wu Lanfu. Onset (if available) and nucleus of the first syllable of the father's name can be used for disambiguation, but have no official status, e.g. "Na. Gereltü". Rarely, the onset is used on its own, e.g. "L. Toγtambayar".
Siblings.
Siblings are sometimes given names containing similar morphemes, like "Gan-Ochir", "Gantömör" etc., or names related to the same theme, like "Naran" ('Sun'), "Saran" ('Moon'), "Tsolmon" ('Morning star').
Taboo names.
There is also a tradition of giving names with unpleasant qualities to children born to a couple whose previous children have died, in the belief that the unpleasant name will mislead evil spirits seeking to steal the child. "Muunokhoi" 'Vicious Dog' may seem a strange name, but Mongolians have traditionally been given such taboo names to avoid misfortune and confuse evil spirits. Other examples include "Nekhii" 'Sheepskin', "Nergüi" 'No Name', "Medekhgüi", 'I Don't Know', "Khünbish" 'Not A Human Being', "Khenbish" 'Nobody', "Ogtbish" 'Not At All', "Enebish" 'Not This One', "Terbish" 'Not That One'.
Couples whose previous boys have died, would give female names to their son to mislead the evil spirits. Synchronically, taboo meaning may be stronger or obliterated: "Nergüi", for example, is very common and does not immediately raise any association, while "Khünbish" might semantically be perceived as "khün bish" (cf. the same phenomenon in German with the unremarkable "Burkhart" (lit. 'castle-strong') versus the unusual "Fürchtegott" ('fear-God')).
Nicknames.
When addressing a familiar person, names are shortened, most commonly by choosing one of the parts of the name and adding a vowel, melting it into one or adding the suffix "-ka". E.g., a woman named "Delgerzayaa" might be called "Delgree", "Zayaa" or "Deegii", a man named "Arslandorj" might become "Askaa", or his sister "Idertuyaa" could become "Idree", and so might her boyfriend "Iderbayar".
Name structure.
In the Middle Ages, there were no patronymics, but clan names were sometimes used in a particular morphological form.
List of common names.
In Mongolia, the 20 most common names are:

</doc>
<doc id="5873966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873966" title="KBTV-CD">
KBTV-CD

KBTV-CD, known on-air as KBTV Global Television, and also known as Crossings TV, is a television station in Sacramento, California, broadcasting locally on UHF channel 51 as a multicultural independent station. KBTV8 is also aired throughout the Central Valley of California on Comcast channel 238 and in Greater New York City as Time Warner Cable Channel 503.
It is owned by Mako Communications. KBTV-CD's transmitter is located in downtown Sacramento. The station broadcasts programs in various ethnic languages as well as English-language infomercials during the late-night hours. When it first started broadcasting, it carried the Home Shopping Network.
Since it was not a full-power station, its analog signal stayed on the air after the June 12th 2009 analog cutoff date but went off the air in December 2010. Its new digital signal then started broadcasting with a total of 4 channels, all in 4x3 standard-definition and 2-channel sound. Two additional channels were later added for a total of six, but channels 8-2 and 8-4 have been running color bars for several months. A number of different networks have come and gone from KBTV's sub-channels, the only ones remaining constant have been Jimmy Swaggart's SonLife Broadcasting Network and the Wizebuy infomercial network. The "History of TV" network was dropped but returned after a few months. Other networks that have aired on KBTV's channels in the past include PunchTV, The Cool TV (whose satellite feed was replaced by QVC, which then left KBTV after Ion stations acquired the rights to air it), RTV, Cubana de Television and Telos. A channel called "Boraq Broadcasting Network" ran a "Coming Soon" screen but never materialized, its space instead was taken by SonLife.
In June 2013, KBTV-CD was sold to Landover 5 LLC as part of a larger deal involving 51 other low-power television stations. 
KBTV-CD is not related to the Fox affiliate in Port Arthur, Texas, KBTV-TV.

</doc>
<doc id="5873972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873972" title="CD11c">
CD11c

CD11c, also known as Integrin, alpha X (complement component 3 receptor 4 subunit) (ITGAX), is a gene that encodes for CD11c . 
CD11c is a type I transmembrane protein found at high levels on most human dendritic cells, but also on monocytes, macrophages, neutrophils, and some B cells that induces cellular activation and helps trigger neutrophil respiratory burst; expressed in hairy cell leukemias, acute nonlymphocytic leukemias, and some B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemias.

</doc>
<doc id="5873973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873973" title="2006 US Open (tennis)">
2006 US Open (tennis)

The 2006 US Open began 28 August and finished on 10 September 2006.
Roger Federer was successful in defending his 2005 title, defeating 2003 champion Andy Roddick in the final. Kim Clijsters was unable to defend her title due to injury. 19-year-old Maria Sharapova won her second Grand Slam title, defeating Justine Henin-Hardenne in the final. It was Henin-Hardenne's third Grand Slam final loss of 2006, having lost the Australian Open and Wimbledon finals earlier in the year.

</doc>
<doc id="5873995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873995" title="What You Are">
What You Are

"What You Are" is the fifth single by American rock band Audioslave, and the final single from their self-titled debut. It was released in 2004 and peaked at number 17 on the U.S. Modern Rock Tracks chart. The song meaning is described as being a way to ditch an "evil woman". The song was also used in a TV spot for the movie Spider-Man 2.

</doc>
<doc id="5873998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5873998" title="End Day">
End Day

End Day is a 2005 docu-drama produced by the BBC and aired on the National Geographic Channel, on the TV series, "National Geographic Channel Presents", that depicts various doomsday scenarios. The documentary follows the fictional scientist Dr. Howell, played by Glenn Conroy, as he travels from his London hotel room to his laboratory in New York City, and shows how each scenario affects his journey as well as those around him, with various experts providing commentary on that specific disaster as it unfolds. 
The following descriptions of the program were released by the BBC:
Scenarios.
Below are the various catastrophes depicted in the order they occur in the film:
"Mega-Tsunami"
"Killer Asteroid"
"Global Pandemic"
"Supervolcano"
"Strange Matter"
Alternate versions.
All original official sources cite five different scenarios including a giant volcanic explosion, but the volcanic explosion segment has never been aired in the United States. It has been edited out by the National Geographic Channel for time problems and all references to it on the National Geographic website have been removed. Only the other four scenarios have been aired. However, the BBC website had the super volcano episode until it was removed sometime after 28 May. 2006. UKTV History aired the version including the supervolcano segment on 23 January 2007. However, in the original BBC airing each of the scenarios showed the attempts of a family or person to escape the depicted disaster as well as following Dr. Howell, these segments were mostly cut from the UKTV History version aired in 2007. The volcano sequence can however be found on the popular video website YouTube.
A French-dubbed version of "End Day" was also aired in France (on the channel W9) and in Belgium (on RTBF), under the title "Fin du monde : les quatre scénarios" ("End day: the four scenarios"). The "super volcano" scenario was not included.
In-film references.
At one point when Dr. Howell drives off in a taxi at the beginning of the second episode, a front of a cinema is visible behind with ""Groundhog Day" now showing". In "Groundhog Day", the protagonist is stuck in a single day of his life, repeating it time after time with minor variations — similar to the life of Dr. Howell. Transitions between the disasters are shown such that it turns out that the prior disaster was actually a movie on a TV that has been left running overnight and the credits would roll as Dr. Howell's alarm clock goes off.

</doc>
<doc id="5874001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874001" title="Kâni Karaca">
Kâni Karaca

Kâni Karaca (1930 – May 29, 2004), born in Adana, Turkey, was a Turkish singer. He lost his eyesight at the age of 2 and memorized the Quran in elementary school. He came to Istanbul in 1950. He worked with Sadettin Heper, and learned religious and nonreligious music from him.
He died at the age of 74 from cancer in Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="5874002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874002" title="Louisiana Highway 3217">
Louisiana Highway 3217

Louisiana Highway 3217 (LA 3217) is a state highway in Louisiana that serves St. John the Baptist Parish. It spans in a west to east direction.
Route description.
LA 3217 is a connector road that runs from LA 628 (River Road) eastward to US 61 (East Airline Highway). It is located southeast of Laplace and just west of the Bonnet Carre Spillway.
LA 3217 is an undivided, two lane highway for its entirety.

</doc>
<doc id="5874005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874005" title="Qeshm Institute of Higher Education">
Qeshm Institute of Higher Education

Qeshm Institute of Higher Education, is an institute of higher education on the island of Qeshm in Hormozgan province in the Persian Gulf in Iran.
The university was established in 2001. It offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in business administration in association with Carleton University of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5874006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874006" title="Inguza">
Inguza

Inguza predemersus is an extinct species of penguin. It was formerly placed in the genus "Spheniscus" and presumed to be a close relative of the African penguin, but after its well-distinct tarsometatarsus was found, it was moved into its present monotypic genus. The known fossils specimens were found in Late Pliocene rocks in a quarry at Langebaanweg, South Africa, meaning that this penguin lived not much less than 5 million years ago.
What is known from molecular data is that the time at which the present species lived is not too distant from the arrival of the ancestors of the African penguin on the Atlantic coasts of southern Africa. On the other hand, it may be closer to "Pygoscelis". This would mean that its ancestors diverged from those of the extant "Pygoscelis" most likely at an indeterminate point of time during the Oligocene.
Alternatively, it might not be close to extant penguins (the Spheniscinae), but a late survivor of an extinct lineage. This is not very likely given its age — it would be the last known survivor of the non-spheniscine penguins — but as some of these still lived a few million years ago, it cannot be ruled out.

</doc>
<doc id="5874012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874012" title="Incoherence">
Incoherence

Incoherence is an album by Peter Hammill, released on his Fie! label in March 2004. "Incoherence" is a concept album about language, containing 14 tracks with soft transitions between them. The album was produced and played by Hammill himself, with contributions from Stuart Gordon on violin and David Jackson on flute and saxes. "Incoherence" is recognized by critics as ambitious and one of Hammill's major works.
Production and instrumentation.
"Incoherence" is Hammill's fourth (either with Van der Graaf Generator or solo) long piece of music with continuous transitions between sections which can be identified as single songs. At 41 minutes, however, it is twice as long as the earlier examples, "A Plague of Lighthouse Keepers" (1971 with Van der Graaf Generator), "Flight" (1980) and "A Headlong Stretch" (1994).
Musically, the 14 sections vary widely from calm, harmonic songs to difficult and highly demanding sections, tied together by Hammill’s unusual voice, a focus on keyboards and the concept of the album: language.
"Incoherence" was produced in Hammill's studio Terra Incognita in Wiltshire between March and September 2003. Hammill completed the mixing of the album just two days before he suffered a heart attack in December, 2003.
The instrumentation of "Incoherence" is complex and symphonic, but never overdone and leaving some rather simple musical structures, mainly in the beginning and the end. Beneath keyboards in classical as well as in processed forms, Hammill used guitars, backing vocals and some overdubs by the violins of Stuart Gordon and the saxophones of David Jackson. This kind of instrumentation was Hammill’s main form of producing since the 1990s, but this time with an even higher level of complexity and without the use of drums.
Lyrics.
In "Incoherence" Hammill discusses the contradictions and shortcomings of language, given that "our capacities for communication and comprehension define us both socially and personally". In multi-levelled ways the words of this album describe the "incoherent" use and the impossibilities of words. It has been argued that Peter Hammill referenced the infamous Iraq speech of Tony Blair.
Cover.
The cover, designed by Paul Ridout, shows corroded and burnt surfaces with lines of text. Folded out, the booklet contains a tower built with the lines of the songs of "Incoherence", a reference to the Tower of Babel.
Reception.
Critics received "Incoherence" favourably, speaking of a "major work, challenging pop's conventional limits yet again" (The Independent), being "Hammill's most ambitious undertaking since 'Flight', and representing a high mark in the man's artistic creativity" (Allmusic). It was also pointed out that Incoherence "demands absorption throughout time and repeated listens" (Maelstrom).
Track listing.
All songs written by Peter Hammill.

</doc>
<doc id="5874020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874020" title="Armando Molero">
Armando Molero

Armando Molero (born January 20, 1899 or November 22, 1900 
— February 5, 1971) was a Venezuelan singer known as "El Cantor de todos los tiempos" (Spanish for "The singer of all times"). He is considered Maracaibo's greatest singer. 

</doc>
<doc id="5874024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874024" title="Kaiser Wilhelm II Land">
Kaiser Wilhelm II Land

Kaiser Wilhelm II Land (also Wilhelm II Coast) is the part of Antarctica lying between Cape Penck, at 87°43'E, and Cape Filchner, at 91°54'E and is claimed as part of the Australian Antarctic Territory, although this claim is not universally recognized.
The area was discovered on February 22, 1902 during the Gauss expedition (1901-1903), led by Arctic veteran and geology professor Erich von Drygalski. Drygalski named it after Kaiser Wilhelm II who had funded the expedition with 1.2 million Goldmarks.
In the bay where Drygalski's expedition had their camp until February 8, 1903 is Gaussberg, a 370 metre high extinct volcano which was named after the mathematician and physicist Carl Friedrich Gauss.

</doc>
<doc id="5874028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874028" title="Eric Murdock">
Eric Murdock

Eric Lloyd Murdock (born June 14, 1968) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Utah Jazz in the 1st round (21st overall) of the 1991 NBA Draft.
Murdock grew up in Bridgewater Township, New Jersey, and played high school basketball at Bridgewater-Raritan High School West.
A 6'1" point guard, Murdock then played at Providence College, and held several school records at the time of his graduation, including most career steals (376, also an NCAA record that held until 2002), most points in conference games in a season (435, also a Big East record), most points in a game (48, another Big East record) and most free throws in a season (238). His skills at PC earned him the nickname "the Man of Steal." Murdock played 9 seasons in the NBA from 1991-2000. He played for the Jazz, Milwaukee Bucks, Vancouver Grizzlies, Denver Nuggets, Miami Heat, New Jersey Nets and Los Angeles Clippers. His best year as a pro came during the 1993-94 season as a member of the Bucks, appearing in 82 games (76 starts) and averaging 15.3 ppg. In his NBA career, Murdock played in 508 games and scored a total of 5,118 points.
He has also played in Italy for Teamsystem Bologna (1996–1997, reached the Italian Championship finals) and Virtus Bologna (2002–2003).
On January 24, 1995 in a game against the Houston Rockets, Murdock drilled a 75-footer at the buzzer in the third quarter.
From 2010 to 2012, Murdock served as the director of basketball player development for Rutgers University, working with Rutgers coach Mike Rice. He is currently involved in a wrongful termination legal action with the school. Murdock acted as a whistleblower by showing recordings of Rice launching homophobic slurs to players to Rutgers athletic director Tim Pernetti in late 2012, leading to the eventual firing of Rice and the resignation of Pernetti in April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5874033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874033" title="Al Watan (Saudi Arabia)">
Al Watan (Saudi Arabia)

Al Watan ( meaning "The Homeland" ) is a daily newspaper in Saudi Arabia. The chairman of the newspaper is Bandar bin Khalid. 
"Al Watan"'s main publishing centre was at Abha in the south of the country, close to the Yemen border. The paper was based in the Asir province, the south-west of Saudi Arabia. However, later its headquarters was moved to Jeddah. In addition, it has publishing facilities in London, New York, Amman, and Cairo.
History.
"Al Watan" was launched on 1 September 2000 by Assir Establishment for Press and Publishing. "Al Watan" is said to be influenced by the perspectives of Khalid Al Faisal, who initiated the idea of establishing a national newspaper that reflects the pulse and lifestyle of Saudi Arabia, and seeks to engage a mass audience across all regions of the Kingdom. The publishing facilities of the paper were constructed on a site donated by late Crown Prince Sultan. 
"Al Watan" was initially established as a small regional newspaper. Then, it developed as one of the top three most read Arabic dailies in the Kingdom (ranked by IPSOS and PARC) and tied for first place based on an independent bookshop audit conducted by PARC. Its vision is to become the number one most read newspaper in the Kingdom by 2012. This growth has not only provided "Al Watan" with local acknowledgment through being rated among the most credible local newspapers, but International as well by being the most quoted local newspaper by International Media. 
In early 2009, "Al Watan" was presented his readers in the Kingdom with its new identity, which was a milestone for the newspaper. It also expanded its printing facilities across the Kingdom, making it the only Saudi daily that is printed every morning in four major cities within the Kingdom. The 48-pages of the new edition published in broadsheet format cover in depth Saudi affairs with a wide range of feature stories, news, analysis, lifestyle and reports. During the tenure of Jamal Khashoggi as editor-in-chief, "Al Watan" columnists aggressively poked at the contradictions and oppressive effects of Saudi Islam, especially with regard to women. Eventually, religious conservatives, under pressure of social change, regarded "Al Watan" as a major enemy.
Political position.
"Al Watan" is one of the most liberal newspapers in Saudi Arabia, the other one is "Okaz".
It is further considered to be one of the most pro-reform newspapers in the country. However, in Saudi context, the liberalism is largely based on the capacity of the shareholders and the very powerful self-censorship of the journalists. World Association of Newspapers considers "Al Watan" as an outspoken paper, although newspapers in Saudi Arabia express more or less similar views on critical topics.
Prominent columnists.
"Al Watan"'s editor-in-chief, Jamal Khashoggi, was very influential journalist who worked in the newspaper until May 2010. Additionally, it hosts relatively liberal columnists such as Turki Al Dakhil, Amira Kashari and Mahmoud Sabaagh. Current editor-in-chief of the paper is Talal Al Sheik who is also a member in board of directors of Saudi Journalists Association (SJA). Mahmoud Trawri, a former literary editor of "Al Watan", won the Sharjah Award for Arab Creativity for his first novel "Maimouna" in 2001. The novel is about the role of local merchant in slave trade and the racism experienced by the North African people in Saudi Arabia. However, his book was banned in the Kingdom. Saudi activist Manal al-Sharif also wrote for the daily.
Influence.
"Al Watan" became a forum for reformist issues in the early 2003. Columnists initiated a discussion regarding whether the teachings of strict Muslim scholars were granted too much credence within Saudi society. They also began to challenge the authority of the mutaween, the religious police force. Late Interior Minister Prince Nayef, who effectively controlled the press in Saudi Arabia, clearly showed his distaste for the new discussions taking place. As a result of its progressive approach, religious conservatives began to call "Al Watan" "Al-Wathan", that means "the idol" in Arabic. The paper is regarded as the youngest and one of the highest distribution papers in Saudi Arabia.
Controversy.
Resignation of editor-in-chief in 2002.
In March 2002, fifteen students at a girls' school in Mecca died due to fire. It was alleged that the feared religious police, or mutawaeen, had not attempted to rescue the students immediately, because the students inside the burning building were not wearing the requisite black body covering. In the following months, some editors were dismissed, including Qenan al Ghamdi, the brash editor-in-chief of "Al Watan". Al Ghamdi was fired after a report described poor living conditions for Interior Ministry soldiers deployed to Mecca for the annual Hajj pilgrimage.
First resignation of Jamal Khashoggi, editor-in-chief, in 2003.
After the resignation of former editor-in-chief, Kenan Al Ghamdi, Jamal Khashoggi became editor-in-chief of "Al Watan". However, his term lasted for less than two months in 2003. More specifically, his term lasted only for 54 days. May 2003 attacks in Saudi Arabia led to the liberals' attack against Wahhabi ideas that financially support salafism. Such criticisms were openly expressed through articles published in "Al Watan". Specifically, after a week of intense debate following the bombings of three Riyadh housing complexes in May 2003, an "Al Watan" journalist asked the minister of interior, Nayef, if the attacks meant that the mutaween would be restructured. Prince Nayef replied, “As a Saudi, you should be ashamed to be asking this question.” One week later, the government fired the editor-in-chief of the paper, Jamal Khashoggi.
Second resignation of Jamal Khashoggi, editor-in-chief, in 2010.
Jamal Khashoggi began to work as editor-in-chief again in "Al Watan" in 2007 after being an advisor to Turki Al Faisal during his post as Saudi Ambassador to the U.S.. However, Khashoggi resigned from his post for a second time in May 2010. "Al Watan" announced that Khashoggi resigned "to focus on his personal projects". This statement was published on the website of the paper and in its Sunday edition. His resignation came three days after a column by poet Ibrahim al Almaee criticising Salafism was published. The column by al Almaee challenged the Salafists' rejection of popular religious traditions such as patronising shrines and graves of important Islamic figures. It is speculated that his resignation was related to official displeasure with articles critical of the state's harsh Islamic rules. After Khashoggi's resignation, Bandar bin Khalid al Faisal, the chairman of the newspaper, published a statement and praised him as "a loyal son... who left a clear mark on its ("Al Watan"'s) progress."
Lawsuit and censorship.
In March 2002, the Libyan government sued "Al Watan" due to its criticisms over the positions of Libya and its then leader, Muammar Gaddafi, leading to deterioration of the strong ties between Libya and Saudi Arabia.
Faisal bin Abdullah, president of the Saudi Red Crescent Society, filled a lawsuit due to perceived defamation against one of "Al Watan" journalists, Saleh al Shehy, in June 2007. The other controversy experienced by the paper was about Kenan bin Abdallah al Ghamidi. On 30 November 2007, the Ministry of Information and Culture asked him to stop writing for "Al Watan" without giving any explanation. This incident is seen as a clear example of censorship in Saudi Arabia by Reporters without Borders.
In February 2013, a criminal complaint was filled against "Al Watan" due to its publishing of a caricature criticizing Maronite Patriarch Bechara Al Rahi's visit to Syria.
Content.
"Al Watan" provides extensive but uncritical coverage of local news in addition to the usual positive reporting on the activities of the ruling family and the government. 
An extraordinary article was published by Bandar bin Sultan, then-Saudi ambassador to Washington, in "Al Watan", on 1 June 2004. Prince Bandar regarded the efforts of the Saudi security forces against terrorism as ‘feeble’, and declared that terrorism "has nothing to do with America or Israel or the Christians or Jews . . . So let us stop these meaningless justifications for what those criminals are doing and let stop blaming others while the problem comes from within us’. He also pointed out that the Kingdom’s religious scholars ‘have to declare jihad against those deviants and to fully support it, as those who keep silent about the truth are mute devils". He further argued that religious fighters operating inside the kingdom should be “vanquished” the way “King Abdul Aziz did at the Battle of Al Sabla [in 1929.”
Majed Garoub, the head of the Jeddah lawyers’ committee, in three articles published in "Al Watan" in the period of May–June 2010, called for the adoption of certain measures against domestic violence. 
On 8 June 2010, "Al Watan" published a story about the religious police entering a woman’s flat after midnight in the Fahd neighbourhood of Najran without apparent cause two days earlier. Nearly two weeks later, on 21 June 2010, the commission issued an apology, again published in "Al Watan", stating “we express our apology about the unintentional inconvenience and injury this matter has caused, and we apologize to all regarding what our brothers, the members of the commission, have rushed into.”
In August 2013, an editorial of the paper stated that a foreign military strike against Syria due to civil war in the country was inevitable whatever its form would be.
Sponsorship.
"Al Watan" is a partner of Saudi Falcons, a Saudi motosport team of which one of its members is Abdulaziz bin Turki Al Faisal.
See also.
List of newspapers in Saudi Arabia

</doc>
<doc id="5874037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874037" title="Cyathea excavata">
Cyathea excavata

Cyathea excavata is a species of tree fern endemic to the Cameron Highlands in Peninsular Malaysia, where it grows in habitats ranging from forest, streamsides, clearings and open grassy areas at an altitude of approximately 1800 m. The trunk is erect and up to 2 m tall or more. It forms lateral shoots. Fronds are bi- or tripinnate and about 2 m long. They are persistent and may be retained forming a characteristic skirt around the trunk. The stipe is smooth, green and covered with dull, thin basal scales. Sori occur near the fertile pinnule midvein and are covered by pale, thin indusia that are saucer-like in appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="5874041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874041" title="Eleutheros Cooke">
Eleutheros Cooke

Eleutheros Cooke (December 25, 1787 – December 27, 1864) was a lawyer and U.S. representative from Ohio (1831–1833).
Biography.
Cooke was born in Granville, Washington County, New York. He was the son of Asaph Cooke (1748-1826) and Thankful Parker (1745-1819). His grandfather was Asaph Cooke (1720-1792). His first name commemorates the framing of the United States Constitution in 1787, the year of his birth. He was educated at Union College in Schenectady. He studied law, was admitted to the bar, and began a law practice in Granville. He later moved to Madison, Indiana in 1817 and to Sandusky, Ohio in 1819. He was elected to the Ohio House of Representatives in 1822, 1823, and 1825 and 1840. He obtained from the Ohio Legislature in 1826 the first charter granted to a railroad in the United Statesthe Mad River & Lake Erie Railroad (later the Sandusky, Dayton and Cincinnati railroad)and ground was broken for it in 1832.
He was elected to represent Ohio's 14th congressional district in the 22nd United States Congress in 1831 as an anti-Jacksonian candidate. He was not reelected to this office, notwithstanding his receipt of a majority of votes.
While he was in Congress, Representative William Stanbery, of Ohio, was assaulted on the street by General Sam Houston, in consequence of remarks made on the floor of the house. In bringing the matter before Congress, Cooke said that if he and his friends were denied protection by that body, he would “flee to the bosom of his constituents,” and this expression was taken up by his political opponents and remained a catch word for some time.
Family.
His son Jay Cooke was a prominent railroad financier. Another son, Henry D. Cooke, was a noted financier and journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="5874044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874044" title="Day In Day Out (Feeder song)">
Day In Day Out (Feeder song)

"Day In Day Out" is a single from the UK rock band Feeder, and was the first single to be taken from their debut album "Yesterday Went Too Soon".
The lyrics refer to an employee doing the same menial daily tasks, and wanting to get away from it all. Grant once said that the distorted vocal emulates that of a tannoy in a supermarket. The Dandy Warhols 2003 hit "We Used to Be Friends" duplicates the bassline from the track. Feeder are mentioned in the songs credits as a result.
The track along with its video appeared at #70 on VH2's "Indie 500" rundown of 2004, which was a list of the channels top 500 indie tracks of all time.
It peaked at number 31 on the UK Singles Chart, but despite reaching the top 40 (the cut-off point for tracks on the main album of "The Singles"), at the bands request it was not included on the main CD their singles album, although appears on the DVD version packaged with limited quantities of the release.
Video.
The video features band members Grant Nicholas, Taka Hirose, and Jon Lee performing in separate enclosed hollow glass boxes with shots of various random people staring at them.

</doc>
<doc id="5874045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874045" title="Eschenbach in der Oberpfalz">
Eschenbach in der Oberpfalz

Eschenbach in der Oberpfalz is a town in the district of Neustadt (Waldnaab), in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 25 km west of Neustadt an der Waldnaab, 30 km west of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 28 km southeast of Bayreuth. It is also about 1 km north of the large US military base in Grafenwöhr.
English website

</doc>
<doc id="5874053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874053" title="Neochoraki">
Neochoraki

Neochoraki (Greek: Νεοχωράκι meaning "a little new village") may refer to several villages in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="5874057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874057" title="Dawid Malan">
Dawid Malan

Dawid Johannes Malan (born 3 September 1987 in Roehampton, Inner London) is an English cricketer.
Malan is a left-handed opening batsman and occasional leg-spin bowler who has represented Boland in South Africa (2005/2006) and the MCC Young Cricketers in 2006. He joined Middlesex in July 2006 and he made his 1st XI debut in a Twenty20 Cup tie versus Surrey at the Oval.
In 2007 Malan was the top run scorer in the Second XI Championship with 969 runs at 51.00.
Malan made his first-class debut for Middlesex in June 2008, making 132 not out.
His father (also known as Dawid) represented Western Province B, Northern Transvaal B and Teddington, as a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast bowler.
On July 8, 2008, Malan hit the 24th century in the history of the Twenty20 Cup after compiling 103 off 54 balls in the quarter-final against the Lancashire Lightning.

</doc>
<doc id="5874071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874071" title="House of Fabergé">
House of Fabergé

The House of Fabergé () (Russian: Дом Фаберже) is a jewellery firm founded in 1842 in St. Petersburg, Imperial Russia, by Gustav Faberge, using the accented name "Fabergé"; Gustav was followed by his son Peter Carl Fabergé, until the firm was nationalised by the Bolsheviks in 1918. The firm has been famous for designing elaborate jewel-encrusted Fabergé eggs for the Russian Tsars and a range of other work of high quality and intricate details. In 1924, Peter Carl's son Alexander with his half-brother Eugène opened "Fabergé et Cie" in Paris, making similar jewellery items, but adding the city to their rival firm's trademark as "FABERGÉ, PARIS". In 1937, the brand name "Fabergé" was sold and then re-sold in 1964 to cosmetics company Rayette Inc., which changed its name to Rayette-Fabergé Inc. As the name was resold more times, Fabergé companies (such as Fabergé Inc.) launched clothing lines, the cologne Brut (which became the best-selling cologne at the time), the perfume Babe, hair products, and undertook film production.
Early years.
The Fabergé family can be traced back to 17th century France, then under the name Favri. The Favris lived at the village of La Bouteille in the Picardy region of northern France. However, they fled the country during or shortly after 1685 because of religious persecution. An estimated fellow 250,000 Huguenots, as the movement of French Protestants was known, also became fugitives.
Papers in the Fabergé Family Archives reveal that during the family's progress eastwards through Europe the family’s name changed progressively from Favri through Favry, Fabri, Fabrier and then to Faberge without an accent. At Schwedt-on-Oder northeast of Berlin in the second half of the 18th century a Jean Favri (subsequently Favry) is known to have been employed as a tobacco planter. By 1800 an artisan called Pierre Favry (later Peter Fabrier), had settled in Pärnu in the Baltic province of Livonia (now Estonia). A Gustav Fabrier was born there in 1814. By 1825, the family's name had evolved to "Faberge".
In the 1830s, Gustav Faberge moved to Saint Petersburg, to train as a goldsmith under Andreas Ferdinand Spiegel, who specialised in making gold boxes. Later he continued his training with the celebrated firm of Keibel, goldsmiths and jewellers to the Tsars. In 1841, his apprenticeship over, Gustav Faberge earned the title of Master Goldsmith.
Launch of Fabergé.
In 1842, Gustav Faberge opened his own retail jewelry, "Fabergé", in a basement shop in the capital’s fashionable Bolshaia Morskaia. The addition of the accent may have been an attempt to give the name a more explicitly French character, appealing to the Russian nobility's francophilia. French was the language of the Russian Court and the urban nobility, and closely associated with luxury goods. Later in that year, Gustav married Charlotte Jungstedt, the daughter of Carl Jungstedt, an artist of Danish origin. In 1846, the couple had a son, Peter Carl Fabergé, popularly known as Carl Fabergé.
Carl Fabergé.
Carl Fabergé was educated at the Gymnasium of St Anne’s. This was a fashionable establishment for the sons of the affluent middle classes and the lower echelons of the nobility, providing an indication of the success of his father’s business. Gustav Fabergé retired to Dresden, Germany in 1860, leaving the firm in the hands of managers outside of the Fabergé family while his son continued his education. The young Carl undertook a business course at the Dresden Handelsschule. At the age of 18, he embarked on a Grand Tour. He received tuition from respected goldsmiths in Frankfurt, Germany, France and England, attended a course at Schloss’s Commercial College in Paris and viewed the objects in the galleries of Europe’s leading museums.
Carl returned to St Petersburg in 1872, aged 26 years. For the following 10 years, his father’s Workmaster, Hiskias Pendin, acted as his mentor and tutor. In 1881, the company moved to larger street-level premises at 16/18 Bolshaia Morskaia. Following Pendin’s death in 1882, Carl took over the running of the firm. Three other significant events happened that year. He was awarded the title of Master Goldsmith. Agathon Fabergé, his younger brother by 16 years, joined the business. While Agathon’s education was restricted to Dresden, he was noted as a talented designer who provided the business with fresh impetus, until his death 13 years later.
Rise to prominence.
Following Carl’s involvement with repairing and restoring objects in the Hermitage Museum, the firm was invited to exhibit at the Pan-Russian Exhibition in Moscow. One of the Fabergé pieces displayed at the Pan-Russian Exhibition was a replica of a 4th-century BC gold bangle from the Scythian Treasure in the Hermitage Museum. Tsar Alexander III declared that he could not distinguish Fabergé’s work from the original. He ordered that specimens of work by the House of Fabergé should be displayed in the Hermitage Museum as examples of superb contemporary Russian craftsmanship. In 1885, the House of Fabergé was bestowed with the coveted title ""Goldsmith by special appointment to the Imperial Crown"", beginning an association with the Russian tsars.
The Imperial Easter eggs.
In 1885, Tsar Alexander III commissioned the House of Fabergé to make an Easter egg as a gift for his wife, the Empress Maria Fedorovna. Its "shell" is enamelled on gold to represent a normal hen’s egg. This pulls apart to reveal a gold yolk, which in turn opens to produce a gold chicken that also opens to reveal a replica of the Imperial Crown from which a miniature ruby egg was suspended. Although the Crown and the miniature egg have been lost, the rest of the Hen Egg as it is known is now in the collection of Victor Vekselberg.
The tradition of the Tsar giving his Empress a surprise Easter egg by Carl Fabergé continued. From 1887, it appears that Carl Fabergé was given complete freedom as to the design of the Imperial Easter eggs as they became more elaborate. According to the Fabergé Family tradition, not even the Tsar knew what egg form they would take: the only stipulation was that each one should contain a surprise. The House of Fabergé completed 54 Imperial eggs for Alexander III to present to his Empress and for Nicholas II to present to his mother, the Dowager Empress Maria Fedorovna and his wife the Empress Alexandra Fedorovna. Of these, 42 have survived. The eggs for 1917 were never completed, but have been discovered in recent years.
Hardstone sculptures.
Amongst Fabergé’s more popular creations were the miniature hardstone carvings of people, animals and flowers carved from semi-precious or hardstones and embellished with precious metals and stones. The most common animal carvings were elephants and pigs but included custom made miniatures of pets of the British Royal family and other notables. The flower sculptures were complete figural tableaus, which included small vases in which carved flowers were permanently set, the vase and "water" were done in clear rock crystal (quartz) and the flowers in various hardstones and enamel. The figures were typically only 25-75mm long or wide, with some larger and more rare figurines reaching 140mm to 200mm tall, and were collected throughout the world; the British Royal family has over 250 items in the Royal Collection, including pieces made by Perchin and Wigström. Other important Fabergé miniature collectors were Marjorie Merriweather Post, her niece Barbara Hutton and even Fabergé's competitor Cartier, who in 1910 purchased a pink jade pig and a carnelian (agate) fox with cabochon ruby eyes set in gold.
Other Fabergé creations.
The House of Fabergé also stocked a full range of jewellery and other ornamental objects. There were enamelled gold and silver gilt, as well as wooden photograph frames; gold and silver boxes; desk sets and timepieces. Quality was assured by every article made being approved by Carl Fabergé, or in his absence by his eldest son Eugène, before it was placed into stock. The minutest of faults would result in rejection.
Continued expansion.
The House of Fabergé won international awards and became Russia’s largest jewellery firm employing some 500 craftsmen and designers. In the early 20th century, the headquarters of the House of Fabergé moved to a purpose-built, four-storey building in Bolshaia Morskaia. Branches were also opened in Moscow, Odessa, Kiev and London. From England, the company made annual visits to the Far East.
After the Revolution.
The House of Fabergé was nationalised by the Bolsheviks in 1918. In early October, Carl Fabergé left Petrograd on the last diplomatic train for Riga. The revolution in Latvia started in the middle of the following month, and Carl was again fleeing for his life to Germany, first to Bad Homburg and then to Wiesbaden. The Bolsheviks imprisoned his sons Agathon and Alexander. Initially, Agathon was released to value the valuables seized from the Imperial family, the aristocrats, wealthy merchants and Fabergé amongst other jewellers. He was re-imprisoned when the Bolsheviks found it difficult to sell this treasure at Agathon's valuations. With Europe awash with Russian jewels, prices had fallen. Madame Fabergé and her eldest son, Eugène, avoided capture by escaping under the cover of darkness through the snow-covered woods by sleigh and on foot. Towards the end of December 1918, they had crossed the border into the safety of Finland.
Meanwhile, Carl Fabergé was in Germany and became seriously ill. Eugène reached Wiesbaden in June 1920 and accompanied his father to Switzerland where other members of the family had taken refuge. Carl Fabergé died in Lausanne on 24 September 1920. His wife died in January 1925. Although Alexander managed to escape from prison when a friend bribed guards, Agathon did not succeed in making his escape from the USSR until November 1927 when Agathon, his wife Maria and son Oleg, together with four helpers, escaped by sledge under cover of darkness across the frozen Gulf of Finland. Agathon and his family spent the rest of their lives in Finland.
In 1924 Alexander and Eugéne opened Fabergé et Cie in Paris, where they had a modest success making the types of items that their father retailed years before. To distinguish their pieces from those made in Russia before the Revolution, they used the trademark FABERGÉ, PARIS, whereas the Russian company's trademark was just FABERGÉ. They also sold jewellery and had a sideline repairing and restoring the items that had been made by the original House of Fabergé. Fabergé et Cie continued to operate in Paris until 2001. In 1984 Fabergé et Cie lost their rights to use the trademark Fabergé for jewelry in a lawsuit against Fabergé Inc.
Reputation.
The reputation of Fabergé as a producer of the highest standard was maintained by publications and major exhibitions such as those at the Victoria & Albert Museum in 1994 and the Royal Collection in 2003–4.
Following the end of the Soviet Union and the rise of the oligarchs, Russian collectors sought to repatriate many of Fabergé's works and auction prices reached record highs.
On 27 November 2007, the Rothschild Fabergé Egg was auctioned at Christie's in London for £8.98 million. The Rothschild Fabergé egg became the record price for a piece of Fabergé as well as the highest price ever paid for a Russian object and the most expensive price for a timepiece.
Sale of brand name.
American oil billionaire Armand Hammer collected many Fabergé pieces during his business ventures in communist Russia in the 1920s. In 1937 Armand Hammer’s friend Samuel Rubin, owner of the Spanish Trading Corporation, which imported soap and olive oil, closed down his company because of the Spanish civil war and established a new enterprise to manufacture perfumes and toiletries. He registered it, at Hammer’s suggestion, as Fabergé Inc. in 1937. In 1943 Samuel Rubin registered the Fabergé trademark for perfume in the United States. In 1945 the Fabergé family discovered that their name was being used to sell perfumes without their consent. A lengthy exchange between lawyers both sides on both sides of the Atlantic ensued. In 1946 Rubin registered the Fabergé trademark for jewellery in the United States. An agreement was reached out of court in 1951 with the family whereby Rubin agreed to pay Fabergé & Cie $25,000 to use the Fabergé name solely in relation to perfume. In 1964, Rubin sold Fabergé for $26 million to George Barrie and the Rayette Inc. The Cosmetics company Rayette changed its name in 1964 to Rayette-Fabergé Inc. and in 1971 the company name was changed to Fabergé Inc. In 1984 McGregor Corp., a men's and boys' clothing maker bought Fabergé Inc. They changed their name temporarily to Mcgregor Fabergé. In 1978 Michael J Stiker filed for the patent rights for Faberge jewelry in New York on behalf of Faberge & Cie in Paris, but this attempt to licence the jewelry brand failed. .http://www.trademarkia.com/map/faberge-73176711.html . The Riklis Family Corporation bought a majority of the McGregor stocks. From 1964 to 1984 under the direction of George Barrie many well known and successful product lines as well as feature movies were launched by Fabergé Inc.
Mr. Barrie supervised Fabergé's introduction of the Brut toiletry line for Fabergé, which was promoted by football player Joe Namath. In 1977, he signed Farrah Fawcett to a promotional contract with Fabergé for the Farrah Fawcett hair product and fragrance lines. A famous Fabergé TV ad featured Joe Namath being shaven by Farrah Fawcett. Brut became the best selling cologne in the world at the time, and remains available today worldwide.
In 1967 film actor and businessman Cary Grant was appointed Creative Consultant, and in 1968 member of the Board of Directors of the company. Actor Roger Moore became a board member in 1970. George Barrie established Fabergé's filmmaking division, Brut Productions in 1970 and put together the Academy Award winning movie titled A Touch of Class in 1973 and other feature movies.
Barrie launched the Babe fragrance in 1976, which in its first year became Fabergé's largest selling women's fragrance worldwide. Actress and model Margaux Hemingway received a $1 million contract to promote the perfume Babe by Fabergé in an advertising campaign making her the first super model (Babe by Faberge Ad Campaign (on YouTube)).
Babe received two awards from the Fragrance Foundation for its launch: Most Successful Introduction of a Women's Fragrance in Popular Distribution, and Best Advertising Campaign for Women's Fragrance.
By 1984 the company had expanded its personal care products to Aphrodisia, Aqua Net Hair Spray, Babe, Cavale, Brut, Ceramic Nail glaze, Flambeau, Great Skin, Grande Finale, Just Wonderful, Macho, Kiku, Partage, Tip Top Accessories, Tigress, Woodhue, Xandu, Zizanie de Fragonard, Caryl Richards, Farrah Fawcett and Fabergé Organics. The company also bought other Firms and products, including D-LANZ and BreastCare, a breast cancer screening device.
In 1985, McGregor Industries acquired Faberge and discontinued many Faberge products including the original breast device D-LANZ. The company launches Mcgregor by Fabergé (Cologne) the same year. New product lines were introduced including men's, women's and children's apparel under the trademarks Billy the Kid, Scoreboard and Wonderknit.
In 1986 Mark Goldston, was named President of Fabergé. He was principally responsible for targeting and acquiring the Elizabeth Arden Company from Eli Lilly and Company for $725 million in 1986, turning Fabergé into a $1.2 billion firm.
In 1989 Unilever bought Fabergé Inc. from the Riklis Family Corporation for US$1.55 billion. The company was renamed "Elida Fabergé". The deal now placed Unilever at equal first place with L'Oreal in the world cosmetics league, up from fourth place.
Unilever registered the Fabergé name as a trademark across a wide range of merchandise internationally and granted licenses to third parties to make and sell a range of products ranging from jewellery to spectacles under the Fabergé name. However, it also continued to sell perfume and toiletries branded Fabergé. 
Lever Fabergé was formed in the UK early 2001, through the merger of the two long-established Unilever companies, Lever Brothers and Elida Fabergé. The new company, Lever Fabergé owned hundreds of cosmetics, household and other brands including Dove, Impulse, Sure, Lynx, Organics, Timotei, Signal, Persil, Comfort, Domestos, Surf, Sun, and Cif. This meant Lever Fabergé appeared on a range of products from bleach to toiletries.
On 3 January 2007, Pallinghurst Resources LLP, an investment advisory firm based in London, announced it had acquired Unilever’s entire global portfolio of trademarks, licenses and associated rights relating to the Fabergé brand name for an undisclosed sum. The trademarks, licenses and associated rights were transferred to a newly constituted company, Fabergé Limited, which was registered in the Cayman Islands. In October 2007 it announced that the company intended to restore Fabergé to its rightful position as the leading purveyor of enduring and endearing personal possessions. Furthermore, it announced the reunification of the Fabergé brand with the Fabergé family with Tatiana Fabergé and Sarah Fabergé, both great-granddaughters of Peter Carl Fabergé, becoming founding members of the Fabergé Heritage Council, a division of Fabergé Limited, which was to offer counsel to the new company. 
In September 2009 Fabergé Limited launched its first collection of high jewellery as well as its website (www.faberge.com). In December of that year it opened a boutique in Geneva. By March 2010, only one of the licenses granted by Unilever were in existence. On 6 July 2011 the company launched two collections of egg pendants, including a dozen high jewellery eggs. These were the first to have been made by Fabergé since 1917. In November 2011 Fabergé was being sold in the Fine Jewellery Hall at Harrods in London's Knightsbridge and later in the month its own boutique was opened at Grafton Street in the heart of London's Mayfair. In January 2012, Fabergé opened at Lane Crawford in Hong Kong and in May of the same year it opened its own boutique on New York's Madison Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="5874077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874077" title="I Am the Highway">
I Am the Highway

"I Am the Highway" is a song by American rock band Audioslave and the fourth single from their 2002 self-titled debut, released in 2004. It reached #66 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2004, #2 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and #3 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.
No music video was made for "I Am the Highway." The band used footage from the "Live in Cuba" DVD to promote the single.

</doc>
<doc id="5874081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874081" title="Iris Williams">
Iris Williams

Iris Williams OBE (born 20 April 1944) is a Welsh singer. Williams reached the peak of her popularity during the 1980s.
Williams was born in Pontypridd, South Wales. Brought up in a children's home, she won a scholarship to the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama. In 1979, she had her biggest UK hit, "He Was Beautiful", a song based on the already well-known theme from "The Deer Hunter" with lyrics by Cleo Laine. In Wales, however, she had already had major success, particularly with "Pererin Wyf" (1971) a Welsh-language version of "Amazing Grace". As a result of hitting the national charts, she was given her own BBC series. She also won the Welsh talent contest, Cân i Gymru (A Song for Wales) in 1974 with the song 'I gael Cymru'n Gymru Rydd' (For a Free Wales).
In the early 1980s Williams took ownership of a public house near Ascot in Berkshire named 'The Pheasant Plucker', so named by her “extrovert” second husband – combining running it with appearances on the club circuit, before relocating to New York in the early 1990s.
In 1991, she performed in cabaret at the prestigious Oak Room in the Algonquin Hotel, New York City. Other engagements in the United States included five concerts with Bob Hope and an appearance with Rosemary Clooney. Iris also carried out several charity performances for President Gerald Ford. She has performed several times at the Royal Variety Performance, and was one of the stars of the gala concert to celebrate the opening of the National Assembly of Wales in 1999).
She married Clive Pyatt in 1982 and their son Blake was born in 1984. She was awarded the OBE in the New Year Honours List of 2004. In 2006, she performed at the Brecon Jazz Festival, and was later admitted to the Gorsedd of Bards at the National Eisteddfod of Wales.
Williams now lives permanently in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5874112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874112" title="Great Stirrup Cay">
Great Stirrup Cay

Great Stirrup Cay is a small island that is part of the Berry Islands in the Bahamas. Norwegian Cruise Line purchased the island from Belcher Oil Company in 1977 and developed it into a private island for their cruise ship passengers.
The northern part of the island has a sandy beach surrounded by rocks with snorkeling areas. The southern part features a helicopter airfield (with a sign reading "Great Stirrup Cay International Airport"), a large area without vegetation, and numerous concrete blocks. These are all remnants of a previous U.S. military installation and satellite tracking station. The island's lighthouse was originally constructed in 1863 by the Imperial Lighthouse Service.
Great Stirrup Cay is adjacent to Little Stirrup Cay, Royal Caribbean Cruises' private island.
History.
Great Stirrup Cay, along with the rest of the Bahamas, was formed by tectonic and glacial shifting. The first known settlers to the Bahamas were the Lucayan Indians, relatives of the Arawaks who populated the Caribbean around 600 A.D. 
Great Stirrup was a pirate hideout while the British settled in Nassau and the larger islands until 1815. This time marks the first documented settlers of Great Stirrup, and many of the structures from this settlement still stand today. Charts of this era show simply "Stirrup's Cay".
"Stirrup's Cay" remained active during the American Civil War, as the Confederates wished to continue to export cotton to Europe. The island was used as a landfall for provisioning while Federal warships patrolled the area to thwart their efforts. 
After the abolition of slavery, the British began to slowly withdraw from the out island colonies, and the plantation at Great Stirrup was abandoned. 
Great Stirrup is the northern most island in a chain of islands known as the Berry Islands, and is situated in an area along the Northwest Providence Channel. In 1863, the Imperial Lighthouse Service erected the lighthouse on Great Stirrup Cay. The lighthouse site was manned for many years, but it is now timed and solar powered, making it self-sufficient. The structure stands nearly 80 feet, and its light is visible for over 20 miles.
During World War II the United States, in an effort to protect its eastern shores, came to the Bahamas and Great Stirrup with a wide array of observational and defensive equipment. Among these were submersible cables, which were run along the ocean floor to listen for enemy submarines. Two "cable houses" still stand on the southeastern shore of the island, also overgrown by jungle. 
The United States Air Force later constructed a satellite tracking station. This facility was later leased to Motorola and other private sector companies. New technology has made the station obsolete, and it was closed in 1991. 
Belcher Oil Company of Miami staked claim to the north section of the island for many years. Their interests there included real estate speculation, oil exploration, and a possible site for a corporate retreat. In 1977, Norwegian Caribbean Lines (later Norwegian Cruise Line) acquired this section from Belcher Oil.
Flora and fauna.
The most common tree on the island is the coconut palm, which produces a cloudy milk and a sweet meat used in many island recipes. Another fruit-bearing tree is the Sea Grape.
Wildlife.
Some of the creatures found on the island include several different varieties of lizard and land crab. Gulls, frigates, and sanderlings are the most prevalent bird species. 
Great Stirrup Cay is a protected marine life sanctuary, and removal of anything from the water is strictly prohibited.

</doc>
<doc id="5874118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874118" title="Lapau">
Lapau

The Lapau is located in Bandar Seri Begawan, across the Royal Regalia Building and the Brunei History Centre. It is the ceremonial hall where the royal ceremonies of Brunei are traditionally held. In this place, beneath the interior's golden-domed ceiling, that the present Sultan of Brunei, Sultan Haji Hassanal Bolkiah, was crowned on 1 August 1968. Adjoining the Lapau is the old Dewan Majlis or Parliament House. A new and bigger Dewan Majlis has just been built. Official permission is required to enter the Lapau.

</doc>
<doc id="5874123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874123" title="St Olcan's High School">
St Olcan's High School

St Olcan's High School (Irish: "Ardscoil Naomh Olcán") was the name of a Roman Catholic secondary school in Randalstown, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. The school opened in 1958 within the North Eastern Education and Library Board area. 
It was one of two schools which were combined in 2006 to become St Benedict's College. The proposal to amalgamate St Malachy's High School, Antrim and St Olcan's was approved by Angela Smith, the Education Minister for Northern Ireland in March 2006. 
The combined school was renamed as St Benedict's College. St Malachy's was demolished and a rebuilding programme began on the St Olcan's site around the same time to accommodate new playing courts for tennis/basketball/soccer, along with new portacabins for additional classrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="5874125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874125" title="Thomas Jerome Welsh">
Thomas Jerome Welsh

Thomas Jerome Welsh (December 20, 1921—February 19, 2009) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Arlington (1974–83) and as Bishop of Allentown (1983–97).
Early life and education.
Thomas Welsh was born in Weatherly, Pennsylvania, one of five children of Edward C. and Mary A. (née Doheny) Welsh. Raised in a strict Irish Catholic family, he received his early education at the parochial school of St. Nicholas Church in Weatherly. He then attended Schwab High School, also in Weatherly, and later began his studies for the priesthood at St. Charles Borromeo Seminary in Overbrook in 1937.
Priesthood.
On May 30, 1946, Welsh was ordained a priest by Cardinal Dennis Dougherty at the Cathedral of SS. Peter and Paul. He was then sent to continue his studies at the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C., where he earned a doctorate in canon law in 1949. During his summers at the Catholic University, he served as a curate at St. Paul Church in Philadelphia, Maternity of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church in Philadelphia, and Our Lady of Mount Carmel Church in Doylestown.
In 1949, Welsh became a professor at Southeast Catholic High School (now St. John Neumann High School) in Philadelphia. He was assigned as a curate at Holy Child Church in Philadelphia in 1951, and named a member of the Archdiocesan Metropolitan Marriage Tribunal in 1958. He was appointed vice-chancellor of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia in 1963. He was raised to the rank of Monsignor by Pope Paul VI in September 1965, and became rector of St. Charles Borromeo Seminary in 1966. During his tenure as rector, he oversaw an extensive revision of the curriculum, which earned the seminary accreditation with the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools; the construction of a new theology wing named Vianney Hall; and the establishment the School of Religious Studies and the School of Pastoral Studies.
Episcopacy.
Philadelphia.
On February 18, 1970, Welsh was appointed auxiliary bishop of Philadelphia and titular bishop of "Inis Cathaig" by Paul VI. He received his consecration on the following April 2 from Cardinal John Krol, with Bishops Gerald Vincent McDevitt and John Joseph Graham serving as co-consecrators, at the Cathedral of SS. Peter and Paul. As an auxiliary bishop, he continued to serve as rector of St. Charles Borromeo Seminary.
Arlington.
Welsh was appointed the first Bishop of the newly erected Diocese of Arlington in Virginia on June 4, 1974. He was installed on August 13 of that year. During his tenure, he established six new parishes and dedicated eleven new churches. He established the Office of Migration and Refugee Services in 1975 and the Family Life Bureau in 1977. In 1983, he founded Catholic Distance University. The number of Catholics in Arlington increased from 154,000 to 179,000 under his guidance.
Allentown.
Following the resignation of Bishop Joseph M. McShea, Welsh was appointed the second Bishop of Allentown in his native Pennsylvania by Pope John Paul II on February 3, 1983. His installation took place at the Cathedral of St. Catharine of Siena on March 21 of that year. During his tenure, he established a "Stand Up For Life" campaign to encourage pro-life efforts, and frequently joined local abortion protesters for their monthly vigil at the Allentown Women's Clinic in Hanover Township. He held workshops on natural family planning and "Humanae Vitae" for the diocesan clergy.
Welsh established the first Youth Ministry Office in the diocese and raised $13 million in an endowment campaign for diocesan schools and other educational efforts. He was the founding president of the board of the Catholic Home Study Institute and a member of the Board of Trustees and Executive Committee of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, D.C. Despite his reputation as a conservative, Welsh allowed girls to serve as altar servers at Mass, and gained recognition for his work to improve relations between Catholics and Jews. He turned his home, a mansion purchased by Bishop McShea and bequeathed to the diocese upon his death, into a center for carrying on his pastoral work.
Later life and death.
After reaching the mandatory retirement age of 75, Welsh resigned as Bishop of Allentown on December 15, 1997. He was succeeded by Bishop Edward Peter Cullen, who, like Welsh and McShea, served as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia before his appointment to Allentown. During his retirement, Welsh continued to administer the Sacrament of Confirmation at parishes around the diocese.
Welsh later died at Lehigh Valley Hospital at age 87. He was buried in St. Nicholas Cemetery in his native Weatherly.

</doc>
<doc id="5874129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874129" title="Owe">
Owe

Owe is a surname or given name, a spelling variation of Ove, and may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="5874131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874131" title="Worek Plan">
Worek Plan

The Worek Plan (or "Operation Worek", , literally "Plan Sack") was an operation of the Polish Navy in the first days of World War II, in which its five submarines formed a screen in order to prevent German naval forces from carrying out landings on the Polish coast, and to attack enemy ships bombarding Polish coastal fortifications, in particular the fortified Hel Peninsula. 
The operation came to naught, as the Germans did not have any plans for naval landings. It caused the submarines to operate in a confined area near the shore in shallow waters, making them vulnerable to strong enemy anti-submarine forces. As a result, despite making a number of attempts, the submarines were unable to directly sink any enemy ships during the operation, although a mine placed by the "Żbik" did sink a German minesweeper. No Polish submarines were lost to enemy action, but they suffered progressive wear and tear, and technical problems, forcing the submarine commanders to break off their actions, effectively ending the operation by the middle of September 1939.
The Plan.
The plan was created for the five Polish submarines "Orzeł" (Eagle), "Wilk" (Wolf), "Sęp" (Vulture), "Żbik" (Wild Cat) and "Ryś" (Lynx) to use, in the event superior enemy surface forces took control of the Baltic Sea (the Polish surface navy consisted only of four destroyers and some minelayers).
The submarines were to operate near the Polish coast, in the area of the Bay of Gdańsk and the Hel Peninsula. They were to engage enemy ships shelling the Polish coast or attempting to land forces on it. The plan explicitly stated that the submarines were to act according to international law, and single, unarmed ships had to be warned before being attacked.
"Orzeł" was to take the position furthest inside Gdańsk Bay, from Jastarnia to the estuary of the Vistula river. East of "Orzeł", in the entry to the Bay, was the place for "Wilk". The remaining three submarines were to operate north of the Bay of Gdańsk : "Sęp" was further West near Rozewie, "Ryś" was further east, and "Żbik" in the middle. They had separate areas for recharging batteries during the night: "Orzeł" even deeper within the Bay of Gdańsk, and the other ships north of their positions.
Execution.
The Worek Plan was put into action with the German invasion of Poland on 1 September 1939. Several hours after hostilities started, the submarines received communications by radio to open the envelopes containing orders to implement the Worek Plan. By the evening of the same day the last submarine ("Sęp") arrived in its sector.
All of the submarines attempted to engage the German forces, but they were all unsuccessful: German forces had numerical superiority and were supported by Luftwaffe units. Although the Polish submarines were frequently attacked with depth charges, none were destroyed. Eventually, after a series of failed attacks on both sides, the captains of the Polish submarines made individual decisions to abandon their sectors. 
Aftermath.
"Orzeł" abandoned her sector on 4 September and on 15 September docked in the Estonian port of Tallinn for rest and repairs (international law allowed 24 hours before the ship was to be interned). The ship was seaworthy and after the Estonians attempted to take control of her, she escaped and reached the United Kingdom by 14 October: this event is known as the "Orzeł incident". She was eventually sunk in 1940.
"Ryś", damaged and unable to engage Germans units, eventually was interned in a Swedish port from 17 September.
"Sęp" was heavily damaged by a German destroyer on 2 September. She abandoned Plan Worek on the 4th and headed to Sweden, where she and her crew were interned from 17 September.
"Wilk" was the first Polish submarine to arrive in the United Kingdom; unlike Orzeł her captain decided not to dock at a continental port and risk internment, but to head straight for the British Isles, where "Wilk" arrived on 20 September. She survived the war.
"Żbik" indirectly sank a German vessel during the campaign. On 1 October one of the mines she had laid sank the German minesweeper M-85. Increasingly damaged and low on provisions, she was interned in a Swedish port from 25 September.
Assessment.
The Germans had no intention to carry out the landings which the Worek Plan was designed to oppose. Further, only two out of five submarines were able to make it to an Allied (British) port. In retrospect, some military historians have argued that a much more effective way to deploy the Polish submarines would have been to send them out into the Baltic sea to attack German shipping.

</doc>
<doc id="5874132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874132" title="Thomas Welsh">
Thomas Welsh

Thomas Welsh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5874150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874150" title="Lubor Niederle">
Lubor Niederle

Lubor Niederle (September 20, 1865, Klatovy – June 14, 1944, Prague) was a Czech archeologist, anthropologist and ethnographer. He is seen as one of the founders of modern archeology in Czech lands.
During 1883-87 Niederle had studied at the Charles University in Prague. He was initially interested in classical archaeology, then studied anthropology, sociology and ethnology. Later, he studied in Munich under professor Johannes Rank (1889) and in Paris under professor Léonce Manouvriere at the École d’anthropologie. Niederle also travelled in several Slavic countries, studying archaeological findings and historical documents.
In 1898 Niederle was named professor at the Charles University. As archaeologist he had represented the "university school" ("univerzitní škola"), opposed to the "museum school" ("muzejní škola") represented by archaeologist Josef Ladislav Píč. 
During 1907-08 Niederle served as a dean of Faculty of Philosophy, during 1908-09 as a vice-dean and during 1927-28 as a rector of the faculty. In 1919 he helped to establish State Archaeological Institute ("Státní archeologický ústav"), today's Institute of Archaeology ("Archeologický ústav") . He also published many articles about Slavic ethnography and archaeology and was editor of several specialised journals. Niederle had helped to set up Slavic Institute ("Slovanský ústav") in Prague whose director he was during 1928-31.
Among most known works are "Handbook of Czech Archaeology" ("Rukověť české archeologie", 1910, with Karel Buchtela) and mainly the eleven volume series "Slavic Antiquities" ("Slovanské starožitnosti") published between 1902-34. This series had exhaustively investigated origin and prehistory of the Slavs, continuing earlier work by historian Pavel Josef Šafařík.

</doc>
<doc id="5874158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874158" title="Pachira aquatica">
Pachira aquatica

Pachira aquatica is a tropical wetland tree of the mallow family Malvaceae, native to Central and South America where it grows in swamps. It is known by the common names Malabar chestnut, Guiana chestnut, provision tree, saba nut, monguba (Brazil), pumpo (Guatemala) and is commercially sold under the names money tree and money plant. This tree is sometimes sold with a braided trunk and is commonly grown as a houseplant, although more commonly what is sold as a "Pachira aquatica" houseplant is in fact a similar species, P. glabra.
Description.
"Pachira aquatica" can grow up to in height in the wild. It has shiny green palmate leaves with lanceolate leaflets and smooth green bark. Its showy flowers have long, narrow petals that open like a banana peel to reveal hairlike yellowish orange stamens. The tree is cultivated for its edible nuts, which grow in a large, woody pod. The nuts are light brown, striped with white. They are said to taste like peanuts, and can be eaten raw, cooked, or ground into flour to make bread. The leaves and flowers are also edible.
The tree grows well as a tropical ornamental in moist, frost-free areas, and can be started from seed or cutting. It is a durable plant and adapts well to different conditions. The pachira needs plenty of sunlight, though it is important to avoid direct sunlight in summer months, as the leaves may get sunburned.
The fruit, a nut is of a brownish colour and can measure up to in length and in diameter. Seeds grow within until such time as the nut bursts, sending the seeds forth and propagating. The nut is edible and often eaten raw or roasted, with a flavor similar to a European chestnut; it may also be ground and made as a hot drink. The fruit is not eaten.
Taxonomy and naming.
The genus name is derived from a language spoken in Guyana. The species name is Latin for "aquatic". It is classified in the subfamily Bombacoideae of the family Malvaceae. Previously it was assigned to Bombacaceae.
The name "money tree" seems to refer to a story of its origin, where a poor man prayed for money, found this "odd" plant, took it home as an omen, and made money selling plants grown from its seeds.
Role in East Asian culture.
In East Asia, "Pachira aquatica" () is often referred to as the "money tree" (發財樹 "fācái shù"). The tree had long been popular as an ornamental in Japan. In 1986, a Taiwanese truck driver first cultivated five small trees in a single flowerpot with their trunks braided. The popularity of these ornamentals took off in Japan and later much of the rest of East Asia. They are symbolically associated with good financial fortune and are typically seen in businesses, sometimes with red ribbons or other auspicious ornamentation attached. The trees play an important role in Taiwan's agricultural export economy with exports of NT$250 million (US$7 million) in 2005. However, much of what is in cultivation sold as Pachira aquatica is, in actuality, a similar species, P. glabra, which develops a thick base at a younger age and has a smaller growth habit, less showy flowers, and a 6" green seed pod rather than 12" brown seed pod. 

</doc>
<doc id="5874167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874167" title="HMS Victoria (1859)">
HMS Victoria (1859)

HMS "Victoria" was the last British wooden first-rate three-decked ship of the line commissioned for sea service.
With a displacement of 6,959 tons, she was the largest wooden battleship which ever entered service. She was also the world's largest warship until the completion of HMS "Warrior", Britain's first ironclad battleship, in 1861.
"Victoria"´s hull was 79.2 metres (260 ft) long and 18.3 metres (60 ft) wide. She had a medium draught of 8.4 metres (27.5 ft). Her hull was heavily strapped with diagonal iron riders for extra stability. "Victoria" was the first British battleship with two funnels.
She was armed with a total of 121 guns (32 8-inch smooth-bore muzzle loading guns on the lower gun deck, 30 guns on the central gun deck, 32 32-pounders on the upper gun deck, 26 32-pounders and one 68-pounder on the upper deck).
"Victoria" was ordered on 6 January 1855, laid down on 1 April 1856 at Portsmouth, and launched on 12 November 1859. She cost a total of £150,578 ("2010: £") and had a complement of 1,000.
During trials in Stokes Bay on 5 July 1860 "Victoria" reached a top speed of , making her the fastest three decker worldwide, along with the French "Bretagne". Her Maudslay engine was powered by 8 boilers and developed 4,403 ihp.
After completion "Victoria" was laid up as part of the reserve fleet at Portsmouth from 1860 to 1864.
She first entered active service on 2 November 1864, when she became Flagship of the Mediterranean fleet under Vice-Admiral Smart and Captain Goodenough (from 1865: Rear-Admiral Lord Clarence Paget, Captain Gardner). "Victoria" was based in Malta until 1867 when she returned home. Her armament had been reduced to 102 guns.
Her last public appearance came at the 1867 Spithead Review and she was paid off on 7 August 1867. She became part of the reserve fleet at Portsmouth again, eventually had her armament reduced to 12 guns, and was sold for scrapping on 31 May 1893 without ever having entered service again.
"Victoria"´s slightly enlarged sister ship, HMS "Howe", was launched on 7 March 1860, and achieved on her sea trials on 1 June 1861 (not masted or stored) for an engine power of 4,564 ihp, but was never completed for sea as a line-of-battle ship. She first entered service in 1885 as a training ship at Plymouth, renamed "Bulwark" (6,557 tons, 12 Guns). She was moved to Devonport and renamed "Impregnable" in 1886. Renamed "Bulwark" again in 1919, she was finally sold for scrap in 1921.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="5874170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874170" title="Picos">
Picos

Picos (English: Peaks) is a municipality of the state of Piaui, Brazil. It is the state's third-largest city, located in the south-central region of Piauí and is the most economically developed city in the region. The city's financial prosperity, combined with its geographical location, gives Picos a "commercial hub" status, especially for fuel and honey (Picos is known as the "capital of honey"). As of 2010, the population was approximately 75,000.
Climate.
According to data from INMET - National Institute of Meteorology, the city of Picos Piauí has average annual temperature of .
Demographics.
The population of the city of Picos is currently 73,414 inhabitants (IBGE Demographic Census 2010), and 58,307 in urban areas and 15,107 in rural areas, thus characterizing the third largest city from Piaui. It has a population density of 137.23 inhabitants / km ².
Neighborhoods and Villages.
Villages.
Villages include Coroatá, Fátima do Piauí, Gameleira dos Rodrigues, Lagoa Grande, Mirolândia, Morrinhos, Samambaia, Saquinho, Sipaúba, Tapera, Torrões e Val Paraíso and Lagoa Comprida.
Neighborhoods.
Named neighborhoods include Aerolândia, Altamira, Aroeiras do Matadouro, Bairro de Fátima, Boa Sorte, Boa Vista, Bomba, Canto da Várzea, Catavento, Centro, Condurú, DNER, Ingazeira, Ipueiras, Jardim Natal, Junco, Malva, Morada do Sol, Morro da AABB, Pantanal, Vila do Flamengo, Paraibinha, Paroquial (Chão dos Padres), Parque de Exposição, Passagem das Pedras, Pedrinhas, Pedro Brito, São José, São Sebastião (Malvinas), Trisidela andUmari e Unha de Gato (3º BECnst).
Education.
Schools.
Public schools include E. Téc. Est. Petrônio Portela (PREMEM), Esc. Normal Official De Picos, U.E. Antonio Marques, U.E. Araújo Luz, U.E. Cel, Fco. Santos, U.E. Coelho Rodrigues, U.E. Dirceu Mendes Arcoverde, U.E. Jorge Leopoldo, U.E. José De Deus Barros, U.E. Julieta Neiva Nunes, U.E. Landri Sales, E. Pol. Marcos Parente, U.E. Mario Martins, U.E Miguel Lidiano, U.E. Ozildo Albano, U.E. Petrônio Portela, U.E. Poliv. Des. José Vidal Freitas, U.E. Teresinha Nunes, U.E. Urbano Eulálio Filho and Ceja José De Sousa Bispo.
Private schools include Colégio São Lucas, Colégio Decisão, Colégio Machado de Assis, Colégio Antares, Instituto Monsenhor Hipólito (Colégio das Irmãs), Colégio Santa Rita, Instituto Nirvardo Moura and Instituto Professor Augusto Rogério.

</doc>
<doc id="5874177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874177" title="CD11a">
CD11a

Integrin, alpha L (antigen CD11A (p180), lymphocyte function-associated antigen 1; alpha polypeptide), also known as ITGAL, is a human gene which functions in the immune system. It is involved in cellular adhesion and costimulatory signaling. It is the target of the drug efalizumab.
CD11a is one of the two components, along with CD18, which form lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1.
Efalizumab acts as an immunosuppressant by binding to CD11a.
Interactions.
CD11a has been shown to interact with ICAM-1.

</doc>
<doc id="5874182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874182" title="George McCloud">
George McCloud

George Aaron McCloud (born May 27, 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player.
Early life.
McCloud attended Mainland High School in Daytona Beach and Florida State University in Tallahassee.
Professional career.
McCloud was selected by the Indiana Pacers in the 1st round (7th overall) of the 1989 NBA Draft. The 6'6" (1.98 m) guard–forward only averaged 5.5 points per game for the Pacers. He was released after four largely unproductive seasons in 1993, and was regarded as a draft bust. He was out of the league in 1993–94, but got a second chance in the NBA when he was signed by the Dallas Mavericks midway through the 1994–95 seasons, and made the most of his second opportunity, and went on to play a total of 12 years in the NBA from 1989 to 2002. In addition to the Pacers and Mavericks, McCloud also played for the Los Angeles Lakers, Phoenix Suns and Denver Nuggets.
McCloud's best year as a pro came during the 1995-96 season as a member of the Mavericks, appearing in 79 games and averaging 18.9 ppg while setting the NBA record for most 3-point attempts in a season. In his NBA career, McCloud played in 766 games and scored a total of 6,925 points. McCloud was a productive three point shooter throughout his career. At NBA All-Star Weekend in 1996, he appeared in the Three-point Shootout but lost in the semifinal round. McCloud has the second-highest total for three-point attempts in an NBA game, with 20 (making seven of them) in a game for the Dallas Mavericks against the New Jersey Nets on March 5, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5874185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874185" title="Bob Kress">
Bob Kress

Bob Kress (1929–2007) was the engineering manager for the Grumman F-14 Tomcat. He joined Grumman in 1951. 
He worked on the
He can be seen describing the development of the now-retired F-14 into a maneuvering dogfighter on Modern Marvels: F14 DVD, and F-14D Tomcat vs. F/A18 E/F Super Hornet Two experts say the Super Hornet isn't so super By Bob Kress and Rear Adm. Paul Gillcrist, U.S. Navy (Ret.) He is credited with the idea of a computer controlled wing sweep mechanism that could be used in combat maneuvering.

</doc>
<doc id="5874189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874189" title="Mitchell Stokes">
Mitchell Stokes

Mitchell Sam Thomas Stokes (born 27 March 1987) is an English cricketer. Stokes is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break. He was born in Basingstoke, Hampshire.
During his schooling years, he was educated at Cranbourne School, before progressing to Basingstoke College of Technology. Having progressed through the youth system at Hampshire, Stokes represented England Under-19's in youth Test and One Day International matches during the 2004/05 tour to India and Malaysia.
In the 2005 season, Stokes made his first XI debut for Hampshire after spending a number of seasons in the Second XI. His first team debut came against Sussex in the 2005 Twenty20 Cup. Stokes played 14 Twenty20 matches for Hampshire from 2005 to 2006, playing his final match in that format against Middlesex in the 2006 competition. In the 2006 competition, he became at the time the youngest person to score a Twenty20 half century when he scored 62 against Middlesex in 2006, sharing in a partnership of 122 with Michael Carberry for the 1st wicket, which as of the 2010 season remains a Hampshire record partnership for that wicket.
On 20 August 2006 he made his List A debut for Hampshire in a tour match against West Indies A. During the match he scored 36 runs off just 18 balls and bowled 4 overs in Hampshire's 62-run win. Stokes played 3 further List A matches in 2006 and one further match in 2007, which came against Essex in the 2007 Friends Provident Trophy; this was Stokes' final List A appearance.
After failing to break into the first XI, Stokes was released by Hampshire at the end of the 2007 season. Prior to making his first team debut for Hampshire, Stokes had played Minor counties cricket for Berkshire. Making his debut for the county in 2005, he played for them until 2008 in the Minor Counties Championship and until 2009 in the MCCA Knockout Trophy. In 2010, he joined Wiltshire, making his debut for the county in the MCCA Knockout Trophy against Cornwall, as well as playing for them in the Minor Counties Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5874200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874200" title="Hudson River bomb plot">
Hudson River bomb plot

On July 7, 2006, the FBI announced that they had foiled a plot that was in its "talking phase" by foreign militants to detonate explosives in tunnels connecting New Jersey with Manhattan and drown the New York Financial District with a torrent of water. This was unfeasible because the tunnel is embedded in bedrock, and the target is above sea level. Some U.S. counterterrorism officials cast doubt on the significance of the alleged plot and some authorities questioned first reports that appeared in the New York Daily News, that terrorists sought to flood Lower Manhattan and the Financial District by bombing tunnels. They said there was no evidence that the plotters had taken any actions, such as buying explosives or sending money. Two U.S. counterterrorism officials, speaking to the Washington Post, discounted the ability of the conspirators to carry out an attack. The report, however, made international news. The government initially protested about how the story was leaked to the New York "Daily News".
Suspects.
Assem Hammoud.
Born July 6, 1975, Assem Hammoud was said to be the leader of the plotters, and is accused of having links to extremist groups since 1994.
He had studied finance and economics at Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec from 1995 to 2002, graduating with a Bachelor of Commerce degree, before returning to Beirut where he became a professor of economics or computer science at the Lebanese International University.
His girlfriend lives in Canada, and one of his two brothers is still studying in Canada, while the other lives in Beirut along with his mother Nabila Qotob. Nabila has denied Assem's involvement with Al-Qaeda
He speaks English, French, Arabic and German, and drives a 1965 MG. In online communities, he went by the moniker "Amir Andalousi", a term referring to a Spanish prince, when it was still a Muslim territory. His family is thought to have migrated to Lebanon from Spain in the year 800.
He was arrested by Lebanese authorities in May or June 2006, while waiting for a Canadian Visa.
English media press reports on March 17, 2009 stated that he had appeared on Lebanese television and had been released on bail in June, 2008 (with the information only now coming out).
Others.
Other alleged co-conspirators were described as a Saudi, a Yemeni, a Jordanian, a Palestinian and an Iranian, all of whom are still at large. Two other suspects are in custody. None of the eight men had ever met in person.
Planning.
The majority of the planning for the attacks was said to have taken place in "extremely vague" messages sent between online user accounts on a website, which the FBI claims were a form of secret code. They began monitoring discussion in online chat rooms.
Authorities said that the plot was far from complete, but was expected to be scheduled for October or November 2006. The New York Daily News reported that the plot hoped to blow up the Holland Tunnel and cause extensive flooding through lower Manhattan, but authorities have denied that the Holland Tunnel was the specific target.
The Lebanese Internal Security Forces released a statement from Hammoud's confession in which he said he was acting "on a religious order from bin Laden", and that said he had sent his colleagues maps and details about the means to perpetrate the attack and had planned to travel to Pakistan for a four-month training program. In 2003, Hammoud had met with a Syrian who took him to Ain al-Hilweh, a Palestinian refugee camp in Lebanon, to practice with weapons.
In 2005, Hammoud met with a foreign man who asked Hammoud to provide weapons and shelter to mujahideen.
Plot foiled.
Michael Chertoff said that there "was never a concern that (the plot) would actually be executed", and that by the time the news was released to the public on July 7, 2006, the plot was entirely foiled.

</doc>
<doc id="5874223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874223" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Berkshire">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Berkshire

__NOTOC__
<onlyinclude> The following is a list of Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Berkshire, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features.
As of 2012 there were 71 SSSIs within Berkshire, of which 8 are listed for their geological interest and 63 for their biological interest.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5874224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874224" title="Pokiri">
Pokiri

Pokiri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5874244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874244" title="Sheridan Morley">
Sheridan Morley

Sheridan Morley (5 December 1941, Ascot, Berkshire − 16 February 2007, London) was an English author, biographer, critic, and broadcaster. He was the official biographer of Sir John Gielgud, and wrote the biographies of many other theatrical figures he had known including Noël Coward.
Nicholas Kenyon called him a "cultural omnivore" who was "genuinely popular with people".
Early life.
Sheridan Morley was born in Ascot, Berkshire, in a nursing home opposite Ascot Racecourse, the eldest son of actor Robert Morley and grandson via his mother Joan, of the actress Dame Gladys Cooper. He was named after Sheridan Whiteside, the title role his father was playing in a long-running production of "The Man Who Came to Dinner" at the Savoy Theatre in London. 
He had close family connections with stars of the stage: in addition to his father and his maternal grandmother, his aunt married actor Robert Hardy, and Joanna Lumley was a cousin. His godparents were dramatist Sewell Stokes and actor Peter Bull; Morley's son Hugo was one of Noël Coward's many godchildren.
Morley grew up in Wargrave in Berkshire, and in Hollywood and New York, where his father was working. His father placed an advertisement in "The Times", seeking a suitable school for his son: "Father with horrible memories of own schooldays at Wellington is searching for a school for his son, where the food matters as much as the education and the standards are those of a good three-star seaside hotel." 
The successful reply came from Sizewell Hall in Suffolk, a coeducational preparatory school. This was owned and run in laissez-faire style by a Dutch Quaker, Harry Tuyn, although the story told in Morley's obituaries that subjects such as maths and Latin were not taught at Sizewell Hall on the grounds that they were too boring is untrue. Morley was well taught there in the full range of subjects and followed the Tuyns to Château-d'Œx, Switzerland, as a private pupil after the school closed. Having attended a crammer in Kensington High Street, Morley went on to read modern languages at Merton College, Oxford, from 1960, and became involved in student drama alongside Michael York, David Wood, Sam Walters, and Oliver Ford Davies. He graduated with third class honours, and then spent a year teaching drama at the University of Hawaii.
Career.
Sheridan Morley worked as a late-night newscaster for ITN from 1965, before moving to the BBC to present "Late Night Line-Up" for BBC 2 from 1967 to 1971, alongside Joan Bakewell and Tony Bilbow. He also presented "Film Night" for BBC 2 in 1971 and 1972. He presented "Kaleidoscope" for BBC Radio 4, and an innovatory arts programme for BBC Radio 2 from 1990 to 2004.
He had begun "The Radio Two Arts Programme" in April 1990. At first it consisted of three two-hour programmes a week: one a regional show, followed by a midweek arts documentary covering a single subject, then at weekends the show which was to become the flagship of the series, a magazine programme tackling eight different subjects in every show, interspersed with at least eight related musical recordings. He then moved to a new programme format of "Melodies For You" in 2004, again on BBC Radio 2. He broadcast his last "Melodies" programme in November 2006 three months before his death in February 2007. 
He also made frequent appearances as the guest in the Dictionary Corner for the Channel 4 game show "Countdown."
His best-known work was the biography of Noël Coward, "A Talent to Amuse", first published in 1969. Coward gave his full blessing, providing Morley with a list of his friends, and another of his enemies, telling him to start with the second first — which would make for a better book.
Morley joined "The Times" as deputy features editor in 1973, and then joined "Punch" in 1975 as its drama critic and arts editor, remaining with the magazine until 1989. In the late 1980s, he became a regular arts diarist for "The Times" and was its TV critic from 1989 to 1990. He then worked as drama critic for "The Spectator" from 1990; he was replaced in 2001 by Toby Young. Then, after a short period at the "New Statesman", where he was replaced by Michael Portillo, he joined the "Daily Express" in 2004, where he remained until 2007. Meanwhile, he was also a drama critic for the "International Herald Tribune" from 1979 to 2005, and film critic for the "Sunday Express" from 1992 to 1995. In 1990, he was Arts Journalist of the Year, and was also nominated for a Grammy.
His play, "Noël and Gertie", about Noël Coward and Gertrude Lawrence, opened in London in 1983, starring Simon Cadell and Joanna Lumley, and ran for nine years. It was performed in the US with Harry Groener and Twiggy in the lead roles. He also wrote a show based on the songs of Vivian Ellis, "Spread a Little Happiness", which played in 1992.
Morley's last work as theatre director was in 1999 with a revival of Noël Coward's "A Song at Twilight", first at The King's Head Theatre in Islington, and then at the Gielgud Theatre in a West End run from October 1999 to March 2000, starring Corin Redgrave, Kika Markham, Mathew Bose, and Vanessa Redgrave. 
His life was posthumously celebrated on 22 May 2007 with a gala afternoon performance at the Gielgud Theatre, organised by his widow Ruth Leon,with contributions and performances by friends and colleagues, including Liz Robertson, Edward Fox, Jenny Seagrove, Cameron Mackintosh, Patricia Hodge, Michael Law and Annabel Leventon.
Morley's archive is now held by Kingston University, London. He is remembered in the annual Sheridan Morley Prize for Theatre Biography, won by Stephen Sondheim in 2012.
Family.
Morley's: first marriage was to Margaret Gudejko, whom he met in Hawaii, in 1965; the couple had three children together and divorced in 1990. Ruth Leon, the critic and television producer, became his second wife in 1995. Morley and Leon had known each other since 1960. She had gone to Oxford to meet a friend who was attending the university, and was introduced to Morley. The two maintained a platonic friendship from then on before, decades later, deciding to divorce their spouses and get married. Morley suffered a stroke in November 2002, the effects of which were to exasperate his manic depression.
Ruth Leon's memoir of her husband, "But What Comes After…", was published in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5874245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874245" title="List of Dipluridae species">
List of Dipluridae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Dipluridae as of Sept. 14, 2013.
Allothele.
"Allothele" Tucker, 1920
Andethele.
"Andethele" Coyle, 1995
Australothele.
"Australothele" Raven, 1984
Caledothele.
"Caledothele" Raven, 1991
Carrai.
"Carrai" Raven, 1984
Cethegus.
"Cethegus" Thorell, 1881
Chilehexops.
"Chilehexops" Coyle, 1986
Diplura.
"Diplura" C. L. Koch, 1850
Euagrus.
"Euagrus" Ausserer, 1875
Harmonicon.
"Harmonicon" F. O. P.-Cambridge, 1896
Indothele.
"Indothele" Coyle, 1995
Ischnothele.
"Ischnothele" Ausserer, 1875
Lathrothele.
"Lathrothele" Benoit, 1965
Leptothele.
"Leptothele" Raven & Schwendinger, 1995
Linothele.
"Linothele" Karsch, 1879
Masteria.
"Masteria" L. Koch, 1873
Microhexura.
"Microhexura" Crosby & Bishop, 1925
Namirea.
"Namirea" Raven, 1984
Phyxioschema.
"Phyxioschema" Simon, 1889
Stenygrocercus.
"Stenygrocercus" Simon, 1892
Striamea.
"Striamea" Raven, 1981
Thelechoris.
"Thelechoris" Karsch, 1881
Trechona.
"Trechona" C. L. Koch, 1850
Troglodiplura.
"Troglodiplura" Main, 1969

</doc>
<doc id="5874249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874249" title="Ron Lee">
Ron Lee

Ronald Henry "Ron" Lee (born November 2, 1952) was an All-American basketball player for the University of Oregon, and epitomized the "Kamikaze Kids" under coach Dick Harter with his all-out, fearless hustle and relentless desire to win. Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Lee played four seasons for the Ducks between 1972 and 1976. The Phoenix Suns made him the tenth selection in the NBA draft in 1976. Despite not playing football in high school and college, the NFL's San Diego Chargers also made him a 12th round selection in the 1976 NFL draft. In the NBA, Lee was named to the 1977 NBA All-Rookie Team and led the NBA in steals the following season. Overall, Lee had a solid, but not spectacular career as a reserve, and became a fan favorite because of his effort on the court.
Ron Lee is still the all-time leading scorer for the University of Oregon with 2,085 points in his four seasons of play. He ranks second in career assists with 572, first in field goals (838), and fifth in free throws made (409). He was first team All Pac-8 in all four seasons with the Ducks, and made numerous All-American lists during his final three seasons. Lee was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1998.
After ending his NBA career, Lee played for 3 years in Italy.
Personal life.
Ron is younger brother of Russ Lee, former All American basketball player at Marshall University and sixth overall pick in the 1972 NBA Draft. Ron has another brother who played basketball at Marshall named Eugene. He has a third brother names Gerald Lee Sr. who played at Dowling College and then professionally in Finland (all time leading scorer in Finland pro basketball).

</doc>
<doc id="5874255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874255" title="Stolpe">
Stolpe

Stolpe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5874258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874258" title="Nova Scotia Route 221">
Nova Scotia Route 221

Route 221 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Kings County and Annapolis County in the Annapolis Valley and connects Kingsport to Spa Springs.
Valley residents informally refer to Route 221 as the "Back Road", since it runs parallel to Trunk 1, but instead of running through the centre of the valley, it runs close to the less-populated southern base of the North Mountain.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5874271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874271" title="Falkenberg/Elster">
Falkenberg/Elster

Falkenberg is a town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated near the river Schwarze Elster, 16 km east of Torgau, and 13 km northwest of Bad Liebenwerda.
History.
It was first mentioned in 1251. In 1547 the Battle of Mühlberg was decided in the vicinity of Falkenberg when the Saxon prince-elector Johann Friedrich I. was taken prisoner. The village itself remained of low importance until the 19th century. The manor changed hands several times, until it was bought by the municipality in 1911. In 1848 Falkenberg got a station on the railway Jüterbog - Riesa. The railway Leipzig/Halle - Eilenburg - Cottbus was opened in 1872 and crossed the former at Falkenberg which became a major junction and grew considerably. Industry and businesses were established, including a power station. World War II caused major destruction. In 1962 Falkenberg was awarded town privileges. The coat of arms reflects the major branches of economy in the town: energy supply, railway, and agriculture.
Large numbers of derelict steam locomotives are stored at an old railway depot just to the north-east.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5874274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874274" title="List of Hexathelidae species">
List of Hexathelidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Hexathelidae as of Dec. 8, 2013.
Atrax.
"Atrax" O. P.-Cambridge, 1877
Bymainiella.
"Bymainiella" Raven, 1978
Hadronyche.
"Hadronyche" L. Koch, 1873
Hexathele.
"Hexathele" Ausserer, 1871
Illawarra.
"Illawarra" Gray, 2010
Macrothele.
"Macrothele" Ausserer, 1871
Mediothele.
"Mediothele" Raven & Platnick, 1978
Paraembolides.
"Paraembolides" Raven, 1980
Plesiothele.
"Plesiothele" Raven, 1978
Porrhothele.
"Porrhothele" Simon, 1892
Scotinoecus.
"Scotinoecus" Simon, 1892
Teranodes.
"Teranodes" Raven, 1985

</doc>
<doc id="5874292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874292" title="Kyle Rote, Jr.">
Kyle Rote, Jr.

Kyle Rote, Jr. (born December 25, 1950) is a retired American soccer forward who played seven seasons in the North American Soccer League and earned five caps with the United States men's national soccer team between 1973 and 1975. He led the NASL in scoring in 1973. He later coached the Memphis Americans of the Major Indoor Soccer League. He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame.
Youth.
The son of Kyle Rote, an all-American college football player at Southern Methodist University who played in the National Football League for the New York Giants, Rote, Jr. graduated from Highland Park High School in Dallas, TX in 1968. He played for the Black Bandits in the Dallas youth soccer league while in high school. He attended Oklahoma State University, initially intending to concentrate on American football. He played soccer to stay in shape during the offseason, but after a broken leg ended his football career, he started playing it full-time. Rote transferred to the University of the South in Sewanee, Tennessee, then one of the few universities in the South with a varsity soccer program. While at Sewanee, Rote also competed in track and field.
Professional.
Rote was discovered by legendary sports businessman Lamar Hunt, who was searching for an American star to help market the newly established North American Soccer League. The Dallas Tornado selected Rote in the first round of the 1972 draft. He spent the 1972 season on the bench before becoming a starter in 1973. That season, he led the league in scoring, the first American to ever do so and was named the Rookie of the Year. In October 1978, the Houston Hurricane purchased Rote's contract from the Tornado for $250,000. He played the 1979 season with Houston, then announced his retirement in February 1980. While in the NASL, Rote won the made-for-television "Superstars" competition three times in a four-year period in the 1970s.
Coach.
In August 1983, Rote took over as head coach of the Memphis Americans of the Major Indoor Soccer League. At the time, he was the team's general manager. When the team moved to Las Vegas, Nevada during the 1984 off-season, Rote chose to remain in Memphis. In July 1984, the Dallas Sidekicks offered him the position of head coach, but Rote declined.
Post-soccer career.
After his retirement, Rote became a sports agent. He currently lives in Memphis, Tennessee and is the founder and chief executive officer of Athletic Resource Management, Inc., representing professional and post-collegiate athletes and coaches in football and basketball. Rote also works as a motivational speaker.
Rote hosted a local quiz show called "News Channel 3 Knowledge Bowl" for many years before WREG meteorologist Jim Jaggers took over as host.
Personal.
Rote is married to Mary Lynne Lykins and has four children: Will, John, Josie and Ben. In 2009, he was inducted into the Texas Sports Hall of Fame. On April 10, 2009, the National Soccer Hall of Fame announced that Rote was selected for induction into the Hall of Fame. Kyle Rote Jr. is the son of former New York Giant Kyle Rote.

</doc>
<doc id="5874293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874293" title="Guarabira">
Guarabira

Guarabira is a town and municipality in the state of Paraíba in the Northeast Region of Brazil. It is located at around . It was founded in 1837. It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Guarabira.

</doc>
<doc id="5874312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874312" title="Cyathea exilis">
Cyathea exilis

Cyathea exilis is a species of tree fern endemic to the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland, Australia, where it grows in vine forest on a substrate of sandstone. It is a rare plant known only from one location, specifically by a stream in Mann Creek in the William Thompson Range. In its natural habitat, "C. exilis" is reportedly accompanied by "Pandanus" and "Calamus" plants. The trunk is erect, up to 4 m tall and 4–8 cm in diameter. It produces several buds, often one at each stipe base. Fronds are bipinnate and up to 1 m long. The rachis and stipe range in colour from brown to dark brown or black-brown and are covered in blunt spines and scales. The scales are dull brown in colour and bear terminal setae, mostly one each. Sori are round and occur on either side of the pinnule midvein. Indusia are absent.

</doc>
<doc id="5874319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874319" title="Newtownabbey Community High School">
Newtownabbey Community High School

Newtownabbey Community High School is a secondary school in Newtownabbey, Northern Ireland.
Newtownabbey Community High School, founded in 1994, is a controlled, co-educational school providing secondary level education for girls and boys of all ability levels. The school occupies spacious buildings on a mature wooded site and its location on the Shore Road at Whitehouse allows easy access on foot, and by public transport from the Greater Newtownabbey area, Greenisland and Belfast.
School in the Community.
The school has become an important part of the surrounding community and the greatest majority of adolescents from the near Rathcoole Estate attend the school.
Recently the School has had to donate a section of the building to keep the neighbouring Whitehouse Primary School running until the School was rebuilt due to being demolished after an arson attack. 
Newtownabbey Community High School, also had an arson attack on 30 July 2006 which involved the Music Room and the Special Needs room being destroyed and causing a lot of smoke damage to the Assembly Hall and the other Class Rooms.
Curriculum.
In line with the Northern Ireland Education Order, Newtownabbey Community High offers each child a broad and balanced curriculum. Key Stage 3 offers a wide range of subjects including : Mathematics, Technology, Science, Music, Languages (French and Spanish), English, Learning for Life & Work, PSHE (Personal, Social and Health Education), ICT, Physical Education, Art, Home Economics, Religious Education, History, Geography, Drama, and the building also contains a Hair Salon.
With Key Stage 4 and GCSE the School also supports a Careers Experience programme in which pupils can get experience by working a 1 week long apprenticeship or if they choose the Army they will get 1 week in the Military then they will be able to do an apprenticeship for the following week.
Pastoral Care.
The school regards the well-being of each individual pupil as of the utmost importance. Each pupil has a Form Tutor who deals with day to day matters, and each year group has a Key Stage Head responsible for general welfare and guidance. Parents can discuss their child’s progress and receive information through regular evening meetings with Subject Teachers, Form Tutors and Key Stage Heads. Individual interviews with Key Stage Heads, Vice-Principal or Principal can also be arranged.
Extra Curricular Activities.
Newtownabbey Community High school values the place of extra-curricula activities. A wide range of clubs and societies is offered. These include Art Club, Choir, Craft Club, Educational trips to Europe, Environmental Club and Scripture Union, Sports activities include Athletics, Badminton, Basketball, Fitness Training, Football (Girls and Boys), Hockey, Netball, Rugby, and Swimming. A supervised Homework Club also operates, and there are many after school GCSE classes.

</doc>
<doc id="5874324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874324" title="Falkenstein, Saxony">
Falkenstein, Saxony

Falkenstein is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 4 km southwest of Auerbach, and 17 km east of Plauen.

</doc>
<doc id="5874331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874331" title="Arthur Tracy">
Arthur Tracy

Arthur Tracy (25 June 1899 – 5 October 1997) was an American vocalist, billed as The Street Singer. His performances in theatre, films and radio, along with his recordings, brought him international fame in the 1930s. Late evening radio listeners tuned in to hear announcer David Ross' introduction ("Round the corner and down your way comes The Street Singer") and Tracy's familiar theme song, "Marta, Rambling Rose of the Wildwood."
Biography.
Born Abba Avrom Tracovutsky in Kamenetz-Podolsky, Russian Empire (now Ukraine), he emigrated to the United States with his parents, sisters, and brother in April 1906. After their release from the Ellis Island Immigrant station, they settled in Philadelphia. Naturalized in 1913, Tracy's parents became known as Morris and Fannie Tracy.
In 1917 Tracy graduated from Central High School. He began studying architecture at the University of Pennsylvania but dropped out to become a professional singer. He began singing part-time in the Yiddish theatre, minstrel shows and vaudeville while working as a furniture salesman.
After moving to New York City in 1924, he appeared regularly in vaudeville, joined the "Blossom Time" touring company and appeared in various New York amateur revues, where he was seen by William S. Paley who offered him a 15-minute CBS radio program.
To avoid embarrassing his family if his show failed and to prevent being blackballed from future vaudeville bookings for having appeared on radio, Tracy decided to make his identity a mystery and borrowed a billing from the title of Frederick Lonsdale's musical "The Street Singer" (1924). Listeners demanded to know his identity, but it was not revealed until five months after his 1931 debut on CBS. The following year he was off to Hollywood to appear in "The Big Broadcast" (1932) with other radio stars, including Bing Crosby, Kate Smith, and the Boswell Sisters.
In the short film "Ramblin' Round Radio Row #5" (1933), his last name is pronounced "Treecy".
Tracy gave his romantic interpretation to such songs as "When I Grow Too Old to Dream", "I'll See You Again", "Trees", "Everything I Have Is Yours", "Red Sails in the Sunset", "Harbor Lights", "The Whistling Waltz", and "Danny Boy". His September 1935 recording of "East of the Sun (and West of the Moon)" is among the very first of that much recorded song.
In 1978, Arthur Tracy was crowned King of the Beaux Arts Ball. He presided with Queen Hope Hampton.
Arthur Tracy's 1937 recording of "Pennies from Heaven" was featured in the 1981 movie of that name, with Vernel Bagneris lip-synching to Tracy's voice. The film brought Tracy out of retirement, and at age 82 he returned as a cabaret singer at The Cookery in Greenwich Village in 1982. This brought a favorable review in "The New York Times" from John Wilson, who wrote that his vocalizing had "a delightful patina of period charm", adding that Tracy was "a spellbinder, setting a mood and scene, disarming the doubters by admitting that 'I always put all the schmalz I had into my songs.'"

</doc>
<doc id="5874342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874342" title="Edward Peter Cullen">
Edward Peter Cullen

Edward Peter Cullen (born March 15, 1933) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the third Bishop of Allentown. His resignation was accepted on 27 May 2009 by Pope Benedict. [http://212.77.1.245/news_services/bulletin/news/23924.php?index=23924&lang=en]. At the same time, Pope Benedict named Msgr. John Barres as the fourth Bishop of the diocese.
Early life.
The second of five children in an Irish Catholic family, Edward Cullen was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Edward Peter and Julia Catherine (née Leahy) Cullen. He was raised in Yeadon, along with his older sister, Joan, and three younger brothers, Joseph, James, and John. Cullen attended West Philadelphia Catholic High School for Boys, where he excelled at football and track and was involved in the school newspaper, and worked as a cashier at an Acme supermarket.
Following his graduation from West Catholic, he studied engineering at the Drexel Institute of Technology. In 1953, he entered St. Charles Borromeo Seminary in Overbrook, from where he obtained Bachelor of Arts degree in 1958.
Priesthood.
On May 19, 1962, Cullen was ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop John Krol in the Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul. He then served as an assistant pastor at St. Maria Goretti Church in Hatfield and at St. Bartholomew Church in Philadelphia.
Cullen was sent by Archbishop Krol to study social work at the University of Pennsylvania, later earning his Master of Social Work degree in 1970. This was followed by a Master of Religious Education from La Salle University (1971) and Master of Divinity from St. Charles Borromeo Seminary (1974). From 1979 to 1993, he served as a chaplain at St. Edmond's Home for Children in Bryn Mawr.
Cullen was raised to the rank of Honorary Prelate of His Holiness in April 1982, and served as director of Catholic Social Services from 1983 to 1988. In August 1988, he was named vicar general of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia.
Episcopal career.
On February 8, 1994, Cullen was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Philadelphia and Titular Bishop of "Paria in Proconsolare" by Pope John Paul II. He received his episcopal consecration on the following April 14 from Anthony Cardinal Bevilacqua, with Archbishops John Foley and Francis Schulte serving as co-consecrators. He selected as his episcopal motto: ""Christ, Church, Compassion"".
Bishop of Allentown.
Cullen was appointed Bishop of Allentown on December 16, 1997, replacing the retiring Thomas Welsh. He was installed on February 9, 1998. In 2003, he was appointed to the Board of Trustees of The Catholic University of America.
In 2008, Cullen, under the direction of his superior and head of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia - Cardinal Anthony Bevilacqua, carried out a program which would restructure many parishes in the Diocese. As part of this program, 47 parishes were closed, this reduced the number parishes from 151 to 104. Closed churches were then sold. In seven cases, the Congregation for the Clergy overturned the church closing while affirming the suppressions of the parishes in each case.
In April 2009, Cullen described the University of Notre Dame's decision to have President Barack Obama to deliver its commencement speech and receive an honorary degree as "disappointing" and "not in harmony" with the directive of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops against honoring pro-choice politicians.
He retired as Bishop of Allentown later in 2009, and was succeeded by John Barres.

</doc>
<doc id="5874347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874347" title="Edward Cullen (disambiguation)">
Edward Cullen (disambiguation)

Edward Cullen is one of the main characters of the "Twilight" book series and film.
Edward Cullen is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5874348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874348" title="Denali Software">
Denali Software

Denali Software, Inc. is an American software company, based in Sunnyvale, California. The company produces electronic design automation (EDA) software, intellectual property (IP) and design cores and platforms for memory, other standard interfaces and system-on-chip (SoC) design and verification. It has its engineering offices in Sunnyvale, Austin and Bangalore. Incorporated in 1996, Denali is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California and serves the global electronics industry with direct sales and support offices in North America, Europe, Japan and Asia. 
On May 2010, Cadence Design Systems announced that it would acquire Denali for $315 million.

</doc>
<doc id="5874352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874352" title="Dennis Detwiller">
Dennis Detwiller

Dennis Detwiller (born July 12, 1972) is a computer game designer for Hothead Games as well as a role-playing game developer and artist.
Biography.
Dennis Detwiller got in touch with John Tynes after seeing an issue of Pagan Publishing's "The Unspeakable Oath" magazine in 1991, and thereafter started volunteering with the company. When Tynes moved the company to Seattle in the mid 1990s, Detwiller agreed to move with him. Detwiller worked at Pagan as art director where he co-created the Origins Award winning "Delta Green" in 1997 with Tynes and Adam Scott Glancy; Detwiller wrote a series of three chapbooks (1998-2000), and with Tynes and Glancy he expanded the setting in 1999 with "Delta Green: Countdown". Detwiller illustrated the also Origins Award winning "The Hills Rise Wild!".
He is known for his work in the collectible card game "", to which he was a regular contributor. He also participated in many other projects at Wizards of the Coast and was a shareholder.
Detwiller and Greg Stolze prepared their game "Godlike" for publication by Pagan Publishing, but as Pagan was winding down, Detwiller took it to his friends Hsin Chen and Aron Anderson, who created the company Hawthorn Hobgoblynn Press (later known as EOS Press) in 2001 to publish the game. After the release of "Godlike" in 2002 Detwiller founded Arc Dream Publishing with Shane Ivey. Detwiller and Ivey formed Arc Dream Publishing to produce supplements for "Godlike", and in 2003 Arc Dream acquired the licensing from Stolze to use his One-Roll Engine (ORE) dice system. He has since worked on Godlike's follow up Wild Talents and the free horror setting game NEMESIS since then. Detwiller and Ivey produced "Delta Green: Targets of Opportunity" (2010) and also resurrected Pagan's "The Unspeakable Oath" in 2010.
In 2002 he left Seattle for Vancouver to work with Radical Entertainment where he helped develop ', ' and "Prototype". In early 2009, he left Radical Entertainment for Hothead Games.

</doc>
<doc id="5874371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874371" title="Graeme Storm">
Graeme Storm

Graeme Raymond Storm (born 13 March 1978) is an English professional golfer.
Storm was born in Hartlepool. He learnt his trade at Hartlepool Golf Club, where he still holds the course record of 62. He won The Amateur Championship in 1999 and represented Great Britain & Ireland in the Walker Cup, before turning professional in 2000.
Storm initially had difficulty establishing himself on the European Tour, and took a job in a local cake factory in the off season to help finance his early years as a professional. In 2004 he recorded two wins on the second tier Challenge Tour on his way to fourth in the end of season rankings, and automatic graduation back to the European Tour for 2005. That season he made a major advance by finishing 31st on the European Tour Order of Merit, an improvement of 90 places on his previous best. 
In 2007, Storm won his first European Tour event, with a single shot victory at the Open de France ALSTOM. He commented, "It's unbelievable, to be honest. It's an amazing feeling... Over the last six or seven months I've been thinking that it might never happen. I've been putting too much pressure on myself but hopefully now I can go on to better things." He went on to finish the 2007 season ranked 16th on the Order of Merit.
At the 2007 PGA Championship, Storm led after the first round after shooting a 5-under par 65 at Southern Hills Country Club. However he could not maintain that form and finished in a tie for 62nd.
In June 2009, Storm secured a place in the 2009 Open after two rounds of final qualifying at Sunningdale, he shot a record eight-under 62 on the new course in the morning and ended 10-under.
Storm also works with Today's Golfer magazine, writing tips and reviews.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="5874379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874379" title="List of Oonopidae species">
List of Oonopidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Oonopidae as of Dec. 12, 2009.
Anophthalmoonops.
"Anophthalmoonops" Benoit, 1976
Antoonops.
"Antoonops" Fannes & Jocqué, 2008
Aprusia.
"Aprusia" Simon, 1893
Aridella.
"Aridella" Saaristo, 2002
Australoonops.
"Australoonops" Hewitt, 1915
Blanioonops.
"Blanioonops" Simon & Fage, 1922
Brignolia.
"Brignolia" Dumitrescu & Georgescu, 1983
Caecoonops.
"Caecoonops" Benoit, 1964
Calculus.
"Calculus" Purcell, 1910
Camptoscaphiella.
"Camptoscaphiella" Caporiacco, 1934
Cousinea.
"Cousinea" Saaristo, 2001
Coxapopha.
"Coxapopha" Platnick, 2000
Decuana.
"Decuana" Dumitrescu & Georgescu, 1987
Diblemma.
"Diblemma" O. P.-Cambridge, 1908
Dysderina.
"Dysderina" Simon, 1891
Dysderoides.
"Dysderoides" Fage, 1946
Epectris.
"Epectris" Simon, 1893
Escaphiella.
"Escaphiella" Platnick & Dupérré, 2009
Farqua.
"Farqua" Saaristo, 2001
Ferchestina.
"Ferchestina" Saaristo & Marusik, 2004
Gamasomorpha.
"Gamasomorpha" Karsch, 1881
Grymeus.
"Grymeus" Harvey, 1987
Heteroonops.
"Heteroonops" Dalmas, 1916
Hypnoonops.
"Hypnoonops" Benoit, 1977
Hytanis.
"Hytanis" Simon, 1893
Ischnothyrella.
"Ischnothyrella" Saaristo, 2001
Ischnothyreus.
"Ischnothyreus" Simon, 1893
Kapitia.
"Kapitia" Forster, 1956
Khamisia.
"Khamisia" Saaristo & van Harten, 2006
Kijabe.
"Kijabe" Berland, 1914
Lionneta.
"Lionneta" Benoit, 1979
Lisna.
"Lisna" Saaristo, 2001
Lucetia.
"Lucetia" Dumitrescu & Georgescu, 1983
Marsupopaea.
"Marsupopaea" Cooke, 1972
Megabulbus.
"Megabulbus" Saaristo, 2007
Megaoonops.
"Megaoonops" Saaristo, 2007
Myrmopopaea.
"Myrmopopaea" Reimoser, 1933
Neoxyphinus.
"Neoxyphinus" Birabén, 1953
Nephrochirus.
"Nephrochirus" Simon, 1910
Oonopinus.
"Oonopinus" Simon, 1893
Oonopoides.
"Oonopoides" Bryant, 1940
Oonops.
"Oonops" Templeton, 1835
Opopaea.
"Opopaea" Simon, 1891
Orchestina.
"Orchestina" Simon, 1882
Ovobulbus.
"Ovobulbus" Saaristo, 2007
Patri.
"Patri" Saaristo, 2001
Pelicinus.
"Pelicinus" Simon, 1891
Pescennina.
"Pescennina" Simon, 1903
Plectoptilus.
"Plectoptilus" Simon, 1905
Prida.
"Prida" Saaristo, 2001
Prodysderina.
"Prodysderina" Dumitrescu & Georgescu, 1987
Pseudoscaphiella.
"Pseudoscaphiella" Simon, 1907
Pseudotriaeris.
"Pseudotriaeris" Brignoli, 1974
Scaphiella.
"Scaphiella" Simon, 1891
Semibulbus.
"Semibulbus" Saaristo, 2007
Silhouettella.
"Silhouettella" Benoit, 1979
Simonoonops.
"Simonoonops" Harvey, 2002
Socotroonops.
"Socotroonops" Saaristo & van Harten, 2002
Spinestis.
"Spinestis" Saaristo & Marusik, 2009
Stenoonops.
"Stenoonops" Simon, 1891
Sulsula.
"Sulsula" Simon, 1882
Tapinesthis.
"Tapinesthis" Simon, 1914
Telchius.
"Telchius" Simon, 1893
Termitoonops.
"Termitoonops" Benoit, 1964
Triaeris.
"Triaeris" Simon, 1891
Trilacuna.
"Trilacuna" Tong & Li, 2007
Unicorn.
"Unicorn" Platnick & Brescovit, 1995
Wanops.
"Wanops" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1938
Xestaspis.
"Xestaspis" Simon, 1884
Xiombarg.
"Xiombarg" Brignoli, 1979
Xyccarph.
"Xyccarph" Brignoli, 1978
Xyphinus.
"Xyphinus" Simon, 1893
Yumates.
"Yumates" Chamberlin, 1924
Zyngoonops.
"Zyngoonops" Benoit, 1977

</doc>
<doc id="5874390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874390" title="Holding period return">
Holding period return

In finance, holding period return (HPR) is the total return on an asset or portfolio over the period during which it was held. It is one of the simplest measures of investment performance. 
HPR is the percentage by which the value of a portfolio (or asset) has grown for a particular period. It is the sum of income and capital gains divided by the initial period value (asset value at the beginning of the period).
HPR = ((Present Value, or face Value, End-Of-Period Value) + (Any Intermediate Gains e.g. Dividends) - (Initial Value)) /(Initial Value)'"
formula_1
Example.
To the right is an example of a stock investment of one share purchased at the beginning of the year for $100. At the end of the first quarter the stock price is $98. This is a capital loss. The stock share bought for $100 can only be sold for $98, which is the value of the investment at the end of the first quarter. The first quarter return is:
($98 – $100 + $1) / $100 = -1%
Since the final stock price is $99, the annual ROI is:
($99 ending price - $100 beginning price + $4 dividends) / $100 beginning price = 3% ROI.
If the final stock price had been $95, the annual ROI would be:
($95 ending price - $100 beginning price + $4 dividends) / $100 beginning price = -1% ROI.
Annualizing the holding period return.
Over multiple years.
To "annualize" a holding period return (translate it into percentage per year), then
Annualized HPR = (((Present Value, or face Value, End-Of-Period Value) + (Any Intermediate Gains e.g. Dividends) - (Initial Value)) /(Initial Value)) + 1 ) ^ ( 1 / (Years) ) - 1
formula_2
t being number of years that have passed. For example, if you have held the item for half a year, year would equal 1/2.
From quarterly holding period returns.
To calculate an annual HPR from four quarterly HPRs:
If HPR1 through HPR4 are the holding period returns for four consecutive periods, the annual HPR is calculated as follows:
formula_3

</doc>
<doc id="5874391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874391" title="Kashan University of Medical Sciences">
Kashan University of Medical Sciences

Kashan University of Medical Sciences and Healthcare (KAUMS) is a medical school of Iran. Located in the central city of Kashan, the university was established in 1986.
The university has 4 Schools and offers degrees in 23 fields including PhDs and residency degrees for post graduate applicants. The university operates 5 teaching hospitals and over 60 clinics in the city and surrounding areas.

</doc>
<doc id="5874395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874395" title="Shawlands Academy">
Shawlands Academy

Shawlands Academy is a secondary school situated in the heart of Glasgow's cosmopolitan South Side, in Glasgow, Scotland.
Admissions.
Shawlands Academy is Glasgow’s designated 'International School and one of Scotland’s most multicultural schools. It is situated in Shawlands, the heart of Glasgow’s cosmopolitan South Side, between Pollok Park (and its world-famous Burrell Collection) and Queen's Park, named after Mary Queen of Scots who fought her final battle on Scottish soil at the Battle of Langside on 13 May 1568.
Shawlands Academy currently has around 1,250 students from a wide variety of backgrounds and has a staff of over a 100 teachers.
Shawlands Academy is a long-established school that dates from 1857 when there was a private school of the same name located nearby in Skirving Street. However, the school as we know it today opened its doors over 118 years ago in 1894 in the nearby building on Pollokshaws Road which now houses Shawlands Primary School.
History and features.
Shawlands Academy school motto is Sola Nobilitas Virtus (‘Virtue alone ennobles’) from the Roman poet Juvenal's celebrated Satires (Book III, Satire VIII) where he wrote: “Nobilitas sola est atque unica virtus” or ‘Virtue alone ennobles’.
The school's motto reflects the school's values that aim to develop all its young people as good and active citizens and who seek to live the values that the school promotes, namely:
'"• Compassion and Justice 
• Equality and Fairness • Respect and Inclusion • Integrity and Honesty"
There has been significant investment in technology in all subjects particularly English and Modern Languages, Computing, Sciences, Technology, Business Education, Music and Drama. In 2002, the school was extensively refurbished with the addition of a new gymnasium. The school also has a fitness suite and a pool, the latter extensively used by the local community.
Shawlands Academy is one of Glasgow’s top-performing secondary schools with its examination results in the top 10% of schools in Scotland. 70% of students leave Shawlands Academy for university and college, well above the Scottish average.
Shawlands Academy places particular emphasis on modern languages and students study two languages in their first two years, chosen from French, German, Spanish or Urdu. Additionally, the school encourages and assists students to study their mother tongue. There are over 50 languages spoken by the school's young people and the school is heavily involved in international education exchanges and education.
Sports teams.
The school has a history of success with its cricket team, producing a number of junior representative players and winning the Glasgow Schools Junior and Senior titles on a number of occasions.
Shawlands and South Schools Under 16 Rugby Team (an amalgamation of mostly Shawlands Academy players with some players from King's Park Secondary, Hillpark Secondary and Lourdes Secondary) won the Scottish Rugby Union Under 16 West of Scotland Bowl in February 2012.
The Shawlands Academy Under 16 Rugby Team are the current Glasgow Emerging Schools Champions. Shawlands Academy was awarded School of Rugby status by the SRU in November 2011.
The school enjoys close links with Cartha Queens Park Rugby Football Club, playing many home matches at Catha's Dumbreck ground.
The schools u14 rugby team are also the current emerging school champions and youth game champions (2012)
The school currently has a number of Internationalists in Athletics and Hockey.
Shawlands Academy football teams compete at all age categories in the Glasgow Schools Football Association Leagues.
Pluralism.
Shawlands is noted for its pluralism. In the 1960s, the school had a particularly high concentration of Jewish pupils, and was consequently one of the few state schools in Scotland to offer Hebrew as a curriculum subject. Reflecting its status as Glasgow International School, Shawlands teaches many modern languages, including Urdu. According to a survey in 2006, over 57 languages are spoken in the playground.

</doc>
<doc id="5874400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874400" title="List of Nesticidae species">
List of Nesticidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Nesticidae as of Dec. 8, 2013.
Aituaria.
"Aituaria" Esyunin & Efimik, 1998
Canarionesticus.
"Canarionesticus" Wunderlich, 1992
Carpathonesticus.
"Carpathonesticus" Lehtinen & Saaristo, 1980
Cyclocarcina.
"Cyclocarcina" Komatsu, 1942
Eidmannella.
"Eidmannella" Roewer, 1935
Gaucelmus.
"Gaucelmus" Keyserling, 1884
Nesticella.
"Nesticella" Lehtinen & Saaristo, 1980
Nesticus.
"Nesticus" Thorell, 1869
Pseudonesticus.
"Pseudonesticus" Liu & Li, 2013
Typhlonesticus.
"Typhlonesticus" Kulczynski, 1914

</doc>
<doc id="5874404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874404" title="Nova Scotia Route 316">
Nova Scotia Route 316

Route 316 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. It is located in Antigonish County and Guysborough County, connecting Lower South River at Highway 104 with Half Island Cove at Trunk 16.

</doc>
<doc id="5874408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874408" title="In the Flesh – Live">
In the Flesh – Live

In the Flesh – Live is a two-disc live album that captures performances from Roger Waters' three-year In the Flesh tour. A DVD of the same title was also produced, and the two were released in a new package in 2006. A SACD featuring both stereo and 5.1 mixes was also released.
The material for the DVD was taken from a 27 June 2000 performance at the Rose Garden Arena in Portland, Oregon, while the double CD contains various recordings of the entire 2000 US tour live show, drawn from performances in Phoenix, Arizona, Las Vegas, Nevada, Irvine, California, and Portland, Oregon.
"My view is that I've been involved in two absolutely classic albums – "The Dark Side of the Moon" and "The Wall"," Waters told "Classic Rock". "And if you haven't got "Amused to Death", you haven't got the full set. So this album – the live one, which pulls together songs from all three albums – hopefully redresses the balance."
Track listing.
All songs written, composed and sung by Roger Waters, except where noted.
Disc one.
"Lead vocals performed by Roger Waters unless stated otherwise."

</doc>
<doc id="5874427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874427" title="List of Oxyopidae species">
List of Oxyopidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Oxyopidae as of Sept. 12, 2013.
Hamadruas.
"Hamadruas" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2009
Hamataliwa.
"Hamataliwa" Keyserling, 1887
Hostus.
"Hostus" Simon, 1898
Oxyopes.
"Oxyopes" Latreille, 1804
Peucetia.
"Peucetia" Thorell, 1869
Pseudohostus.
"Pseudohostus" Rainbow, 1915
Schaenicoscelis.
"Schaenicoscelis" Simon, 1898
Tapinillus.
"Tapinillus" Simon, 1898
Tapponia.
"Tapponia" Simon, 1885

</doc>
<doc id="5874428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874428" title="Shuttle (video game)">
Shuttle (video game)

Shuttle is a space flight simulator game developed by Vektor Grafix and published by Virgin Games. It has been praised as a reasonably accurate simulation game of piloting the NASA Space Shuttle.
Description.
The software is noted for simulations of the space shuttle in many situations in a 3D environment, from leaving the Vehicle Assembly Building to returning to Earth at the Shuttle Landing Facility and displayed almost every switch, knob and display of the real shuttle control panels while simulating most of their respective functions.
That said, only a subset of the controls actually worked and a number simply made the shuttle explode; however, it's quite likely that many of the same controls (e.g. separating the Solid Rocket Boosters while they were still burning during the launch) would make a real shuttle explode, as well. The operation of the General Purpose Computers (GPC) required the input of the according program commands for the current flight situation, albeit in a simplified fashion.
"Shuttle" for the PC was released on two 360k floppy disks, however it could be copied to a single 1.44MB floppy and installed or run from there. Gameplay consisted of flying through simulations of a number of different space shuttle missions, starting with the Approach and Landing Tests where the original space shuttle, Enterprise, was flown from the back of a modified Boeing 747 to a gliding landing at Edwards Air Force Base, through to launching the Hubble Space Telescope, building a space station, using the Manned Maneuvering Unit to capture satellites for repairs, and launching 'secret' military satellites. The level of detail went so far, that the External Tank (ET) painted in white color was only displayed in the earliest available scenarios while the later one displayed the brown it wore later on.
As the missions themselves were fairly complex, the game would optionally provide a high level of hand-holding. Instructions were passed to the player on a 'teleprinter', and when those instructions required the player to use the shuttle controls, the appropriate switch or knob would be indicated by a flashing box. As such, the normally massive amount of material the player would be required to read through in order to know how to accurately and safely pilot a shuttle were condensed into something the average player could understand, another point of praise for the game by its users.
To further ease gameplay, the game supported multiple different camera views, more than the standard control panel and external view found in most simulators of the time, the player could also look out of any of the cockpit windows, including back into the payload bay when retrieving or releasing satellites, and some of the CCTV cameras on the Remote Manipulator System. In addition, for those who wanted to know a little more about the shuttle but did not wish to read NASA technical details, the developers also provided an in-game primer giving a few pages of information and some diagrams on each of the major Space Shuttle systems. Finally, the publishers supplied a thick game manual and a large poster showing the control panels.
Given the scope and complexity of the game it shouldn't be surprising that it was released with a few bugs. In particular the autopilot could get confused and fly some very unusual re-entry trajectories. In early releases, it was impossible to fly the last mission. Fortunately there was an easy workaround for the latter bug, as putting /ALL on the DOS command line when starting up the game gave one access to every available mission.
"Shuttle" has been out of production for many years now, the original systems requirements being easily exceeded on modern systems. However, it is possible to make it run on emulated systems with a little effort.
Reception.
"Computer Gaming World" applauded the level of detail accomplished in "Shuttle", and ran it in their "Simulation of the year", which ultimately went to "Falcon 3.0" by Spectrum Holobyte.

</doc>
<doc id="5874435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874435" title="North Euboean Gulf">
North Euboean Gulf

The North Euboean Gulf (, "Voreios Evvoïkos Kolpos") is a gulf of the Aegean Sea. It separates the northern part of the island Euboea from the mainland of Central Greece. The narrow Euripus strait, near Chalcis, connects the gulf to the south with the South Euboean Gulf. To the north, the gulf is connected with the Malian Gulf. The total length is approximately 60 km and its width ranges from approximately 10 to 20 km. It runs diagonally from northwest to southeast.

</doc>
<doc id="5874438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874438" title="The Sky (magazine)">
The Sky (magazine)

The Sky was a magazine for amateur astronomers published between 1935 and 1941. It was the successor to a monthly bulletin called "The Amateur Astronomer", which was published by the Amateur Astronomers Association (AAA) of New York City, and a precursor to "Sky & Telescope" before merging with "The Telescope".

</doc>
<doc id="5874447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874447" title="Jimmy Oliver">
Jimmy Oliver

Jimmy Allen Oliver (born July 12, 1969) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2nd round (39th overall) of the 1991 NBA Draft.
College career.
Jimmy "Slice" Oliver attended Community College for one year and then transferred to Purdue University, located in West Lafayette, Indiana and played under head coach Gene Keady. The 6'6", 208 lb guard-forward appeared in 31 games in his Sophomore season, playing behind Center Steve Scheffler and alongside guard Matt Painter. He averaged 5.3 points while averaging 18.2 minutes per game in his first eligible season.
Jimmy started his Junior season out receiving more minutes and improved his shooting percentage to nearly 50%, while also improving his points average to 8 a game. He helped lead the Boilers to a 2nd place finish in the Big Ten Conference and to the Second Round of the NCAA Tournament with a 22-8 record.
Averaging 19.2 points a game during his Senior year, fourth in the conference, and owning an .861 free throw percentage to lead the conference, he was an "All-Big Ten First Team" selection. Jimmy led Purdue to a second straight NCAA Tournament appearance. He finished his college career with a 40.6% accuracy from 3-point land. Jimmy led the Boilers in assists (89) and minutes per game (35.4) in his Senior season. He played his last collegiate game in the NABC All-America Game at the 1991 NCAA Final Four, where he recorded a game-high 25 points.
Professional career.
Oliver was selected in the 2nd round with the 39th pick by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 1991 NBA Draft. Oliver played his rookie season for the Cavaliers, averaging 3.6 ppg in 27 games. After being invited to the Detroit Piston's pre-season camp, he joined the CBA for the 1992-93 season, where he averaged 17.3 ppg in 15 games. After one season in the CBA, Oliver returned to the NBA for the 1993-1994 season. He played for the Boston Celtics, where he averaged 4.9 ppg and started six of the 44 games he played. After leaving the league for two seasons, he returned for the expansion draft, where he played a season with the Toronto Raptors for the 1996-97 season. He finished his last two NBA seasons with the Washington Bullets(1997–98) and the Phoenix Suns(1998–99). Playing on five different NBA teams throughout five seasons, he played in a total of 78 games (14 starts) and scored 331 points with 34% three point and .772% free throw accuracy.
After his NBA tenure, Jimmy Oliver played for the Greek club Maroussi Athens and he won the Saporta Cup in 2001. He scored 31 points in the final match against Chalon BC.
International career.
During the NBA lockout, Jimmy played for the US national team in the 1998 FIBA World Championship, teamed up with the likes of another former Boilermaker, Brad Miller. Jimmy Oliver was the leading scorer of Team USA averaging 11.8 points per game, winning the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="5874449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874449" title="Carrie Gracie">
Carrie Gracie

Carrie Gracie (born 1962) is a Scottish journalist, who is employed by the BBC as the China editor for BBC News.
Early life.
Gracie's father was a Scottish oil executive; Gracie was born while he was on assignment in Bahrain. She was educated in Aberdeenshire and Glasgow. She studied at University of Edinburgh, before leaving to run her own restaurant for a year. She then graduated from the University of Oxford with a degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics.
Career.
In 1985 she went to China to teach English and Economics at Yantai and Chongqing Universities. On her return to Britain a year later she managed a small film company. She completed a BA in Chinese in 1996 followed by an MA in Design for Interactive Media from Middlesex University.
BBC career.
Gracie joined the BBC World Service in 1987 as a trainee producer, soon becoming a correspondent well as on assignment, including African, Chinese and Asia-Pacific regions. She became a correspondent for BBC World Service and then for domestic radio and television in Beijing in 1991. Gracie moved back to the UK in 1999 as a presenter on BBC News and on World Service. For six years from January 2008, she was the main morning presenter for the BBC News Channel on Tuesdays - Fridays alongside Simon McCoy. She is also a presenter for the BBC World Service programme "The Interview".
Highlights of her career include covering the death of Deng Xiaoping and the handover of Hong Kong in 1997. More recently, Gracie took part in the BBC's coverage of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, as a co-commentator during the opening and closing ceremonies. In October 2008, she was presented with the inaugural Nick Clarke Award for her interview with BBC journalist Alan Johnston, who was kidnapped by the Palestinian Army of Islam in 2007.
Gracie also appeared in the "This World" programme. She presented a programme entitled "The Fastest Changing Place on Earth". This followed three villagers in China over six years as they became subject to an urbanisation scheme by the Chinese government. The programme was broadcast on 5 March 2012.
In December 2013, she was appointed BBC News's first editor for China, to be based in Beijing. She presented her last BBC News Channel bulletin on Friday 3 January 2014. She will be based in Beijing as soon as Chinese formalities are complete. She arrived in Beijing in early April.
Personal life.
Gracie speaks fluent Mandarin. She has two children with Chinese rock musician Jin. The children both spent a term in a Chinese school. In 2012, she had treatment for cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="5874452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874452" title="South Carolina's 1st congressional district">
South Carolina's 1st congressional district

The 1st Congressional District of South Carolina is a coastal congressional district in South Carolina, represented by Republican Mark Sanford since 2013.
From 2003 to 2013 It stretched from Seabrook Island in the south to the North Carolina border and includes parts of Charleston, Dorchester, Berkeley and Georgetown counties and all of Horry County. The district has historically been based in Charleston. It included the major tourist destination of Myrtle Beach. The district borders now stretch from Hilton Head to the mid-coast South Carolina.
History.
The district was a Democratic stronghold after the Reconstruction era due to the disfranchisement of African-American citizens in 1896 under the new state constitution, as was the state until party realignments in the late 20th century. Since the buildup of the military, especially the Navy in the region, the area's white voters have supported conservative candidates. 
After the end of Reconstruction and the Democrats' disfranchisement of African-American citizens in 1896, the Republican Party was no longer competitive in the state. Black citizens had no political voice until after gaining federal support and legislation for enforcement of their constitutional rights through the Civil Rights Movement.
A Republican was not elected to a full term in this district until 1980, when Tommy Hartnett was swept in by Reagan's coattails. His election represented a major realignment of white conservative voters with the Republican, rather than the Democratic Party. Starting with national candidates in the late 1960s and 1970s, white voters in South Carolina began to shift to the Republican Party. In 2008, with the appeal of the Barack Obama presidential campaign, Democrat Linda Ketner came within two points of winning the 1st district congressional seat. Just two years later, Republican Tim Scott won the seat with 65 percent of the vote. 
Following redistricting after 1990, most of Charleston's African-American majority areas were shifted in 1992 to South Carolina's 6th Congressional District. Since President Lyndon B. Johnson gained passage of federal civil rights legislation in the mid-1960s enforcing constitutional rights of African Americans, the majority have voted for Democratic candidates, but in the South, a few have shifted to the Republican Party.
2013 special election.
Tim Scott, a Republican from North Charleston, was the 1st district's representative until his appointment to the United States Senate after Jim DeMint resigned on January 1, 2013. A special election was held on May 7, 2013 held to determine Scott's replacement in the United States House of Representatives. In a Primary Election held on March 19, 2013, Elizabeth Colbert-Busch, the sister of comedian Stephen Colbert, won the Democratic nomination. Former Governor and former Charleston County Councilman Curtis Eilliott Bostic faced each other in a runoff Primary for the Republican nomination on April 2, 2013. Sanford won the nomination, and defeated Colbert-Busch and South Carolina Green Party candidate Eugene Platt on May 7.

</doc>
<doc id="5874464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874464" title="Ben Brown (journalist)">
Ben Brown (journalist)

Ben Brown (born 26 May 1960) is a journalist and news presenter for the BBC's rolling news channel BBC News. He has also presented the BBC News at Six and the BBC News at Ten and is currently an occasional presenter on the "BBC Weekend News" on BBC One. He also appears on the BBC News at Five, and BBC World News.
Early life.
Born in Kent, the son of the ITN newscaster Antony Brown, Ben Brown was educated at the Sutton Valence School, an Independent school. During high school, Brown was on the debate team, and took second place in the national debating championships. He won an Open Scholarship to Keble College, Oxford, where he studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics, before graduating from the Cardiff School of Journalism, Media and Cultural Studies with a diploma with distinction. He joined Radio Clyde in Glasgow as a reporter, and later became a reporter for Radio City in Liverpool.
Career.
Reporting.
In 1986, Ben joined Independent Radio News, covering major stories from superpower summits to the Hungerford massacre. He joined BBC TV News two years later and was a Foreign Affairs Correspondent until 1991, reporting the fall of the Berlin Wall and the Persian Gulf war, from Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
He was appointed Moscow Correspondent in 1991, where he witnessed the final collapse of Communism and the fall of Mikhail Gorbachev. He was at the Russian Parliament when troops loyal to President Boris Yeltsin stormed it in 1993, and the following year he was in Chechnya for the start of the civil war. His coverage of that conflict won him several international prizes, including the Bayeux War Correspondent of the Year Award and the Golden Nymph Award from the Monte Carlo Television Festival.
In January 1995, Ben resumed his roving role as a Foreign Affairs Correspondent, based in London. He has covered the break-up of Yugoslavia extensively, reporting from Bosnia, Croatia and Kosovo, where his stories helped to secure several awards for the BBC, including a BAFTA (British Academy of Film and Television Award).
In 2001 he won the Bayeux War Correspondent Award for the second time for his coverage of the Intifada in Israel.
More recently, Ben was embedded with British troops in the Iraq war. Ben wrote about his experiences in a book, 'The Battle for Iraq', notably how a British soldier saved his life by opening fire on an Iraqi militiaman who was just about to shoot Ben in the back with a rocket-propelled grenade. Ben covered the first Gulf War in 1991, and his account of that, 'All Necessary Means', was also published.
In December 2010 Brown was criticised by viewers for adopting a "highly accusatory" tone during an interview he conducted on BBC News with Jody McIntyre, a political activist with cerebral palsy who had been dragged from his wheelchair by Metropolitan police officers during a recent student protest march through London.
Brown currently presents the 11am to 2pm slot on the BBC News Channel each Monday to Thursday. 
Other work.
Brown wrote a novel based on his experiences of war reporting entitled "Sandstealers". The novel was published in May 2009 by HarperCollins.

</doc>
<doc id="5874470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874470" title="José Manuel Lara">
José Manuel Lara

José Manuel Lara (born 21 May 1977) is a Spanish professional golfer.
Lara was born in Valencia, Spain. He turned professional in 1997, and has competed on the European Tour since 2001, having finished 11th in the previous seasons Challenge Tour rankings. From 2003 to 2012, he maintained his tour card by finishing inside the top 115 on the Order of Merit, with a best of 30th place in 2006. However, after a poor 2013 season in which he only made 7 cuts from 29 tour events, he finished 154th on the money list and failed to regain his card at Q-School.
Lara claimed his first European Tour victory at the Hong Kong Open in November 2006. He has featured in the top 100 of the Official World Golf Ranking.
Professional wins (5).
European Tour wins (2).
European Tour playoff record (1–0)
Results in major championships.
DNP = did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied for place<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="5874473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874473" title="List of Philodromidae species">
List of Philodromidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Philodromidae as of Dec. 16, 2013.
Apollophanes.
"Apollophanes" O. P.-Cambridge, 1898
Bacillocnemis.
"Bacillocnemis" Mello-Leitão, 1938
Berlandiella.
"Berlandiella" Mello-Leitão, 1929
Cleocnemis.
"Cleocnemis" Simon, 1886
Ebo.
"Ebo" Keyserling, 1884
Eminella.
"Eminella" Özdikmen, 2007
Fageia.
"Fageia" Mello-Leitão, 1929
Gephyrellula.
"Gephyrellula" Strand, 1932
Gephyrina.
"Gephyrina" Simon, 1895
Gephyrota.
"Gephyrota" Strand, 1932
Halodromus.
"Halodromus" Muster, 2009
Hirriusa.
"Hirriusa" Strand, 1932
Metacleocnemis.
"Metacleocnemis" Mello-Leitão, 1929
Pagiopalus.
"Pagiopalus" Simon, 1900
Paracleocnemis.
"Paracleocnemis" Schiapelli & Gerschman, 1942
Pedinopistha.
"Pedinopistha" Karsch, 1880
Petrichus.
"Petrichus" Simon, 1886
Philodromops.
"Philodromops" Mello-Leitão, 1943
Philodromus.
"Philodromus" Walckenaer, 1826
Procleocnemis.
"Procleocnemis" Mello-Leitão, 1929
Psellonus.
"Psellonus" Simon, 1897
Pseudopsellonus.
"Pseudopsellonus" Balogh, 1936
Senoculifer.
"Senoculifer" Balogh, 1936
Suemus.
"Suemus" Simon, 1895
Thanatus.
"Thanatus" C. L. Koch, 1837
Tibellus.
"Tibellus" Simon, 1875
Tibitanus.
"Tibitanus" Simon, 1907
Titanebo.
"Titanebo" Gertsch, 1933
Vacchellia.
"Vacchellia" Caporiacco, 1935

</doc>
<doc id="5874474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874474" title="Rodney Ellis">
Rodney Ellis

Rodney Glenn Ellis (born April 7, 1954) is the state senator for Texas' 13th state senate district. The district contains portions of Harris County, including downtown Houston, and Fort Bend County. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Ellis was elected to the Texas Senate on February 13, 1990, and sworn into office on February 27, 1990. Ellis is the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Open Government, which looks at measures to improve transparency and efficiency of state government. He also sits on the Senate State Affairs, Transportation, and Natural Resources Committees. In previous sessions, Ellis chaired the Senate Finance, Jurisprudence, Government Organization, and Intergovernmental Relations Committees.
Ellis chairs the Board of Directors for the Innocence Project and chairs the Commission to Engage African Americans on Energy, Climate Change, and the Environment. He also serves on the LBJ Foundation Board of Trustees, the University of Texas School of Law Foundation Board of Trustees, the Council on Foreign Relations, and the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition Board of Directors.
Early life and education.
Ellis was born and raised in Houston, Texas. Growing up in Houston’s Southeast district, he is one of three children of Eligha and Oliver Teresa Ellis. His father worked as a yard man and his mother a maid, and each worked as health care assistants. In the summers, Ellis served as his father's assistant.
Ellis attended B.H. Grimes Elementary and Carter G. Woodson Middle School and is a graduate of Evan E. Worthing High School, where he was president of the student council. He enrolled at Xavier University in Louisiana before returning to Texas and graduating from Texas Southern University with a Bachelor of Science degree in political science. Ellis earned his Masters in Public Affairs from the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas and then a law degree from the University of Texas School of Law. Ellis also studied at the London School of Economics.
While in Austin, Ellis got experience in Texas government, working as an aide to Lieutenant Governor Bill Hobby and as Law Clerk to Chief Justice John C. Phillips on the Third Court of Appeals. Ellis also served as legal counsel to Texas Railroad Commissioner Buddy Temple before moving to Washington, DC to become chief of staff to U.S. Representative Mickey Leland.
It was through Congressman Leland that Ellis first met his future wife Licia. They were married in 1997. Their family includes four children: Nicole, Maria, Leland, and Alena.
City Council record.
In 1983, at age 29, Ellis was elected to the Houston City Council, where he served three terms representing District D. While on Council, Ellis worked on efforts to tear down abandoned buildings that had attracted criminals and the drug trade.
Ellis worked to increase funding to expand low-income housing projects across Houston, preserve Allen Park Village, and strengthen policies for the city's use of federal funds from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to ensure a greater percentage is devoted to low and moderate-income Texans. Ellis also worked to seize abandoned properties and sell on the market to raise funds for housing and other vital needs.
Ellis served as chair of the Economic Redevelopment Committee, where he advocated policies to spur economic development in Houston. He called for the creation of a new think tank and city Department of Commerce to coordinate and streamline city economic development policies, worked to save city and taxpayer investments in projects such as the Palm Center and Mercado del Sol shopping center, and pushed to expand low-interest loans to small businesses.
Ellis pushed to rename Houston Intercontinental Airport after Mickey Leland, following his death on an anti-hunger mission to Ethiopia. Controversy ensued after comments were made about the effort by a fellow council member. In the end, the newest terminal at the airport was named in honor of Leland.
In the battle against Apartheid in South Africa, Ellis helped convince the University of Houston to become the first university in the south to divest from companies doing business in South Africa. He also helped defeat efforts to merge the University of Houston-Downtown with Texas Southern University, protecting the historically black college's history and mission as a stand-alone institution.
Texas Senate record.
Budget & economy.
In 1997, Ellis authored legislation creating the Texas Capital Access Fund providing up to $140 million in private lending to small businesses and nonprofit organizations. The program was designed to help small businesses that do not qualify for conventional financing to access the capital they need through a public-private partnership.
In 1999, Ellis introduced and passed a $506 million tax relief package which created a three-day sales tax holiday, eliminated the sales tax on over-the-counter medicines, and cut business taxes. The tax holiday was designed to give Texans a tax break on items such as back-to-school clothing. In 2012 alone, the sales tax holiday was estimated to save Texas taxpayers over $64 million.
As the chair of the Senate Committee on Finance in 2001, Ellis authored the $113.8 billion budget bill. The population of Texas had grown 25 percent in the prior ten years and the pressure of that continued growth was reflected in a budget that raised funding $11.8 billion, or 11.6 percent over the previous biennium. As chair of the Finance Committee, "Ellis managed in spite of the tight budget to fund four priority items: a major Medicaid expansion, state employee pay raises, teacher health insurance, and financial aid for college students."
The Texas Green Jobs Act of 2009, authored by Ellis, was amended onto House Bill 1935, establishing the first statewide green jobs program in Texas. The program set up a framework for training workers for skills in the clean energy economy.
Civil rights.
In 1993, Ellis introduced the Motor Voter program to allow citizens to register to vote when they renew their driver’s licenses. To further increase participation in the democratic process, Ellis introduced legislation to implement the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 in Texas in 1995 in order to bring Texas up to federal standards by requiring government agencies to afford citizens a chance to register to vote each time they seek state services through government agencies. 
In 2001, Ellis authored and passed the James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Act, legislation to clarify and strengthen the state’s hate crimes statute by defining a hate crime as one that has been proven in court to have been motivated by “the race, religion, color, disability, sexual orientation, national origin or ancestry” of the victim. The Act bears the name of James Byrd, Jr., an African American who was targeted and murdered in one of the most brutal hate crimes of the post-Civil Rights Era. In 2009, President Barack Obama signed into law a federal hate crimes bill also bearing Byrd’s name.
In 2007, Ellis introduced and passed the Stop the Genocide Act, requiring state pension funds to divest from companies doing business in Sudan. Over the four years prior to the bill's introduction, the Sudanese government and their allied organizations had killed more than 400,000 people and displaced more than 2.5 million in Sudan’s Darfur region.
Ellis helped pass the Free Flow of Information Act in 2009 to protect journalists from being forced to testify or disclose confidential sources. The law aimed to balance the public’s right to know the truth from an independent press and the state’s ability to uphold justice.
In 2009, Ellis introduced and passed legislation creating the Holocaust and Genocide Commission, a volunteer commission that serves as a conduit of information to public schools, private schools, and organizations regarding the Holocaust and acts of genocide.
Health care.
In 1993, Ellis authored and passed legislation requiring private nonprofit hospitals to provide a certain amount of charity care to uninsured patients.
In 2001, under Ellis' leadership as Chairman of the Texas Senate Committee on Finance, the legislature increased funding for health and human services by $5.1 billion. The budget simplified Medicaid eligibility by eliminating face-to-face interviews and allowed families to apply through the mail or over the telephone. The budget also allocated $197 million to increase reimbursement rates for doctors, dentists, and hospitals; provided $63 million to maintain current services at Mental Health & Mental Retardation state schools, hospitals, and community centers; provided $1.025 billion for the Children's Health Insurance Program; and allocated $104 million to improve care in state schools and nursing homes.
In 2011, Ellis amended the Texas Department of Insurance sunset legislation to include a provision that will increase access to individual health insurance plans in order to expand the availability of coverage to children under 19.
In 2011, Ellis sponsored legislation that ensures a voice for advocates and individuals infected with HIV in the state’s HIV Medication Advisory Committee.
Criminal justice.
In 2001, Ellis authored and passed the Texas Fair Defense Act, overhauling the Texas indigent defense system by focusing on four critical issues: timely appointment of counsel, method of counsel appointment by the courts, reporting of information about indigent representation services, and minimum standards for counsel. The legislation required all criminal courts in Texas to adopt formal procedures for providing appointed lawyers to indigent defendants.
The Texas Fair Defense Act also created a new state indigent defense commission, the Task Force on Indigent Defense (now called the Texas Indigent Defense Commission), to oversee the implementation of the Texas Fair Defense Act and administer a new state program for awarding indigent defense grants to counties.
In 2009, Ellis sponsored and passed legislation to establish the Tim Cole Advisory Panel to identify and study the factors that contribute to wrongful convictions. The panel was named in honor of Tim Cole, a young man who died in prison after being wrongfully convicted of rape.
As a result of the work of the Tim Cole Advisory Panel, in 2011 Senator Ellis authored a package of legislation to reform and improve the reliability of the Texas criminal justice system, which included eyewitness identification reforms to address the leading cause of proven wrongful convictions, and legislation to ensure that if there is DNA evidence available to prove someone’s innocence, it can and will be tested.
In 2009, Ellis authored and passed legislation to create the Office of Capital Writs, the state's first statewide public defender office, to manage death penalty appeals. Texas has the highest number of executions since 1979 - over four times the next state with the second highest number. Texas also has a high number of wrongful convictions relative to other states in the U.S. The Office of Capital Writs is "entrusted with advocating on behalf of indigent individuals sentenced to death in Texas. The office works within the judicial system to safeguard the Constitutional rights of the individual through high quality legal representation."
Ellis has "led legislative efforts to increase compensation for the wrongfully imprisoned." In 2001, Ellis authored and passed legislation that increased the amount of compensation, increased the statute of limitations for claiming compensation, and allowed convicted persons found to be innocent to seek relief and compensation from the courts, rather than by pardon. In 2011, Ellis sponsored and passed comprehensive exoneree compensation reform legislation, which provided health care to the wrongfully convicted, established standards for attorney’s fees in compensation claims, and helped exonerees to receive compensation.
In 2013, Ellis authored and passed the "Michael Morton Act," legislation creating a uniform, statutory open file criminal discovery policy in Texas. With the bill's passage, Texas law now explicitly states that every prosecutor has a duty to disclose documents or information that could raise questions about a defendant’s guilt or lead to a lighter sentence if there is a conviction. Prior to the bill's passage, Texas’ criminal discovery laws had not changed since they were initially adopted in 1965. The bill was named after Michael Morton, who was wrongfully convicted of murdering his wife and subsequently spent almost 25 years in prison before being exonerated by DNA evidence.
Higher education.
In 1999, Ellis sponsored legislation that created the TEXAS Grant Program. The TEXAS Grant program provides tuition and fees to qualified students to make sure that well-prepared high school graduates with financial need could go to college. Since its creation, more than 300,000 students have taken advantage of the program.
In 2011, Ellis cosponsored legislation to help the University of Houston and other Texas universities become Tier One institutions of higher education.
Efficient government & ethics.
In 1995, Ellis introduced a constitutional amendment to abolish the Office of State Treasurer. Texas voters endorsed the measure, and the Office of the Treasurer closed its doors on September 1, 1996, transferring its duties to other state agencies.
In 2003, Ellis sponsored comprehensive ethics reform for state and local elected officials. The legislation required any contribution greater than $500 be reported to the Ethics Commission. It also prohibited legislators from representing people for compensation before state agencies; required a legislator to file notice with his or her legislative body before introducing, sponsoring, or voting on a measure for which a close relative is lobbying; requires disclosure of all referral fees for legal services; requires disclosure of legislative continuances; and required office holders to show campaign fund balances. The bill also required annual filing of personal financial disclosure statements by municipal candidates and officeholders in cities greater than 100,000 and all members of sports and port and authority boards.
Served as Governor, Lieutenant Governor.
In 1999, Ellis was named President Pro Tempore of the Texas Senate. Normally only a ceremonial position, Ellis served while Governor George W. Bush was running for President of the United States. When Bush traveled out of Texas, Lieutenant Governor Rick Perry was elevated to governor, and Ellis acted as Lieutenant Governor of Texas. If the Governor and Lieutenant Governor are both out of the state, the President pro tempore is acting governor in their absence.
In 1999 and 2000, Ellis served as Acting Governor of Texas for a record fifty days and was the Lieutenant Governor of Texas for 7 days, 7 hours and 31 minutes. Upon Bush's election as president, Ellis presided over the Texas Senate as it chose Bill Ratliff to serve as its presiding officer.
Texas Legislative Internship Program (TLIP).
In 1990, Ellis founded the Texas Legislative Internship Program (TLIP). Administered by the Mickey Leland Center on World Hunger and Peace at Texas Southern University, TLIP provides opportunities for undergraduate and graduate students to serve as interns in the Texas Legislature, various state agencies, and local government. Students receive a minimum of six and a maximum of fifteen academic credit hours for participating in the program, which combines academic study and research with supervised practical training. A TLIP internship lasts for one academic semester and affords students an opportunity to experience public service firsthand. In 2011, three members of the Texas House of Representatives were TLIP graduates.
Business career & personal.
Ellis is a partner in Rice Financial Products, Inc. and vice chairman of the Tagos Group. Ellis co-founded Apex Securities, Inc., an investment banking firm which merged in 1998 with Rice Financial Products Company, and is of counsel for Reaud, Morgan & Quinn. Ellis served as an advisor to the Mexican government during the ratification of the NAFTA Treaty. He also advised the buy side on the $1.3 billion privatization of Telkom South Africa, to date the largest privatization in Africa.
Ellis chairs the Board of Directors for the Innocence Project and chairs the Commission to Engage African Americans on Energy, Climate Change, and the Environment. He also serves on the LBJ Foundation Board of Trustees, the University of Texas School of Law Foundation Board of Trustees, the Council on Foreign Relations, and the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition Board of Directors. Ellis previously served on the board of the National Commission on Energy Policy, the U.S. Secretary of Energy Advisory Board, and the Center for Policy Alternatives.
Ellis helped to negotiate bringing Lucy (Australopithecus), a natural history exhibit, to Houston. Ellis led a delegation to the National Museum in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to bring Lucy's bones to the United States and the Houston Museum of Natural Science. Lucy, who lived 3.2 million years ago and is perhaps man's earliest known ancestor, was discovered in 1974.
Ellis is an avid cyclist who has authored "Complete Streets" legislation to improve safety for motorists and cyclists and sponsored or taken part in numerous cycling events, like the MS 150, in Texas and across the country. Ellis has sponsored the annual National Conference of State Legislatures Bipartisan Bike Ride each year since 2005.
Ellis is an art collector and has a collection of African art.
Ellis was listed as a bundler for President Barack Obama's reelection campaign in 2012.
Controversies.
In 1995, Ellis was featured in the PBS documentary "Vote for Me." He was filmed on the floor of the Senate during the 74th Legislative Session in 1995 with a live microphone, unknown to his fellow Senators. Ellis apologized to his colleagues for the breach of protocol.
In 2001, following George W. Bush's election to the presidency and Lieutenant Governor Rick Perry's promotion to Governor, Ellis — by virtue of serving as President Pro Tempore — became the official presiding officer of the Texas Senate. He drew fire from Texas media for ensuring the Senate vote to replace Perry was done with a secret ballot and without a record vote.
In 2013, Ellis assisted Senator Wendy Davis with a back brace during Davis' 11-hour filibuster of Senate Bill 5, a bill to add and update abortion regulations in Texas. Ellis' assistance resulted in a point of order being called against Davis, effectively the second warning that her filibuster could be forced to end. Even though Davis' filibuster was eventually cut off, Senate Bill 5 failed to pass later that night, as parliamentary inquiries from senators and cheering from the Senate gallery caused the session to run past the midnight deadline. Later, in remarks to the National Press Club, Davis said that "Texas women know that Senator Ellis has our back."
In 2013, Ellis wrote to Houston Independent School District Superintendent Terry Grier and requested the district begin the process of changing the Lamar High School mascot, which at the time was the Redskins. Despite some opposition, the HISD Board of Trustees later voted unanimously to adopt a new district policy that banned the use of offensive mascot names.
Election history.
Election history of Ellis from 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="5874483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874483" title="John F. Kennedy autopsy">
John F. Kennedy autopsy

The autopsy of President John F. Kennedy was performed, beginning at about 8 p.m. EST November 22, 1963, on the day of his assassination and ending at about 12:00 AM EST November 23, 1963, at the then Bethesda Naval Hospital in Bethesda, Maryland. The choice of autopsy hospital in the Washington, D.C. area was made by the President's wife, First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy. She chose the Bethesda Naval Hospital because President Kennedy had been a naval officer. 
Death certificate.
The back wound.
The death certificate, signed by the President's personal physician Dr. George Burkley, then a Rear Admiral in the Medical Corps of the U.S. Navy, gave a location for the back wound lower than found by the autopsy (either its photographs or measurements). Dr. Burkley believed a bullet to have hit Kennedy at "about" the level of the third thoracic vertebra (T3). Supporting the location of Dr. Burkley is a diagram from the autopsy report of Kennedy, which shows a bullet hole in the upper back. However, this diagram is freehand, and not drawn with any attention to landmarks — a criticism made of it by the later House Select Committee on Assassinations (HSCA) analysis.
Burkley's location at T3 (the third thoracic vertebra) is also about the same location of the bullet hole in the shirt and the bullet hole in the suit jacket worn by Kennedy which show bullet holes between and below the top of Kennedy's collar. However, again there has been controversy on the matter of whether or not the holes in the president's clothing should be expected to correspond to the location of his back wound, since he was sitting with a raised arm at the time of the assassination, and multiple photographs taken of the motorcade show his suit jacket bunched at the back of his neck and shoulder, so that it did not lie closely against his skin.
Official findings of the autopsy.
The gunshot wound in the back.
Even without this information, the original Bethesda autopsy report, included in the Warren Commission report, concluded that this bullet had passed entirely through the president's neck, from a level over the top of the scapula and lung (and the parietal pleura over the top of the lung), and through the lower throat.
Claims that anyone on the commission "moved the wound" are subject to discussion. Gerald Ford said he renamed the location of the wound, so as "to make things clearer". The Bethesda autopsy noted that JFK was hit in the "upper back." However, the autopsy doctors, while testifying for the Warren Commission, frequently referred to this wound as a "neck" wound. 
Later government investigations.
Ramsey Clark Panel Analysis (1968).
At the request of the Attorney General of the United States Ramsey Clark, four physicians (hereafter sometimes referred to as The Panel) met in Washington, DC on February 26 and 27 to examine various photographs, X-ray films documents and other evidence pertaining to the death of President Kennedy, and to evaluate their significance in relation to the medical conclusions recorded in the Autopsy Report on the body of President Kennedy signed by Commander J. J. Humes, Medical Corps, US Navy; Commander J. Thornton Boswell, Medical Corps, US Navy and Lt. Col. Pierre A. Finck, Medical Corps, US Army and in the Supplemental Report signed by Commander Humes. These appear in the Warren Commission Report at pages 538 to 545.
The Clark panel reviewed the original autopsy records, photos, and X-rays, as well as clothing, films, motion pictures, and bullet fragments. They also reviewed the Warren Commission report. The Clark panel concluded the following:
Major findings regarding the two missile wounds:
Skull There are multiple fractures of the bones of the calvarium bilaterally. These fractures extend into the base of the skull and involve the floor of the anterior fossa on the right side as well as the middle fossa in the midline. With respect to the right frontoparietal region of the skull, the traumatic damage is particularly severe with extensive fragmentation of the bony structures from the midline of the frontal bone anteriorly to the vicinity of the posterior margin of the parietal bone behind. Above the fragmentation extends approximately 25 mm. across the midline to involve adjacent portions of the left parietal bone; below, the changes extend into the right temporal bone. Throughout this region, many of the bony pieces have been displaced outward; several pieces are missing. Distributed through the right cerebral hemisphere are numerous small, irregular metallic fragments most of which are less than 1 mm. in maximum dimension.
The majority of these fragments lie anteriorly and superiorly. None can be visualized on the left side of the brain and none below a horizontal plane through the floor of the anterior fossa of the skull. On one of the lateral films of the skull (#2), a hole measuring approximately 8 mm. in diameter on the outer surface of the skull and as much as 20 mm. on the internal surface can be seen in profile approximately 100 mm. above the external occipital protuberance. The bone of the lower edge of the hole is depressed. Also there is, embedded in the outer table of the skull close to the lower edge of the hole, a large metallic fragment which on the anteroposterior film (#1) lies 25 mm. to the right of the midline. This fragment as seen in the latter film is round and measures 6.5 mm in diameter immediately adjacent to the hole on the internal surface of the skull, there is localized elevation of the soft tissues. Small fragments of bone lie within portions of these tissues and within the hole itself. These changes are consistent with an entrance wound of the skull produced by a bullet similar to that of exhibit CE 399. The metallic fragments visualized within the right cerebral hemisphere fall into two groups. One group consists of relatively large fragments, more or less randomly distributed. The second group consists of finely divided fragments, distributed in a posteroanterior direction in a region 45 mm. long and 8 mm. wide.
As seen on lateral film #2, this formation overlies the position of the coronal suture; its long axis, if extended posteriorly, passes through the above-mentioned hole. It appears to end anteriorly immediately below the badly fragmented frontal and parietal bones just anterior to the region of the coronal suture. The foregoing observations indicate that the decedent's head was struck from behind by a single projectile. It entered the occipital region 25 mm to the right of the midline and 100 mm. above the external occipital protuberance. The projectile fragmented on entering the skull, one major section leaving a trail of fine metallic debris as it passed forward and laterally to explosively fracture the right frontal and parietal bones as it emerged from the head. In addition to the foregoing, it is noteworthy that there is no evidence of projectile fragments in the left cerebral tissues or in the right cerebral hemisphere below a horizontal plane passing through the floor of the anterior fossa of the skull.
Also, although the fractures of the calvarium extend to the left of the midline and into the anterior and middle fossa of the skull, no bony defect, such as one created by a projectile either entering or leaving the head, is seen in the calvarium to the left of the midline or in the base of the skull. Hence, it is not reasonable to postulate that a projectile passed through the head in a direction other than that described above. Of further note, when the X-ray films of the skull were presented to The Panel, film #1 had been damaged in two small regions by what appears to be the heat from a spotlight. Also, on film #2, a pair of converging pencil lines had been drawn on the film. Neither of these artifacts interfered with the interpretation of the films.
Neck Region Films #8, 9 and 10 allowed visualization of the lower neck. Subcutaneous emphysema is present just to the right of the cervical spine immediately above the apex of the right lung. Also, several, small metallic fragments are present in this region. There is no evidence of fracture of either scapula or of the clavicles, or of the ribs or of any of the cervical and thoracic vertebrae. The foregoing observations indicate that the pathway of the projectile involving the neck was confined to a region to the right of he spine and superior to a plane passing through the upper margin of the right scapula, the apex of the right lung and the right clavicle. Any other pathway would have almost certainly fractured one or more bones of the right shoulder girdle and thorax.
DISCUSSION The information disclosed by the joint examination of the foregoing exhibits by the members of The Panel supports the following conclusions; The decedent was wounded by two bullets, both of which entered his body from behind. One bullet struck the back of the decedent's head well above the external occipital protuberance. Based upon the observation that he was leaning forward with his head turned obliquely to the left when this bullet struck, the photographs and X-rays indicate that it came from a site above and slightly to his right. This bullet fragmented after entering the cranium, one major piece of it passing forward and laterally to produce an explosive fracture of the right side of the skull as it emerged from the head. The absence of metallic fragments in the left cerebral hemisphere or below the level of the frontal fossa on the right side together with the absence of any holes in it the skull to the left of the midline or in its base and the absence of any penetrating injury of the left hemisphere, eliminate with reasonable certainty the possibility of a projectile having passed through the head in any direction other than from back to front as described in preceding sections of this report.
The other bullet struck the decedent's back at the right side of the base of the neck between the shoulder and spine and emerged from the front of his neck near the midline. The possibility that this bullet might have followed a pathway other than one passing through the site of the tracheotomy wound was considered. No evidence for this was found. There is a track between the two cutaneous wounds as indicated by subcutaneous emphysema and small metallic fragments on the X-rays and the contusion of the apex of the right lung and laceration of the trachea described in the Autopsy Report. In addition, any path other than one between the two cutaneous wounds would almost surely have been intercepted by bone and the X-ray films show no bony damage in the thorax or neck.
The possibility that the path of the bullet through the neck might have been more satisfactorily explored by the insertion of a finger or probe was considered. Obviously the cutaneous wound in the back was too small to permit the insertion of a finger. The insertion of a metal probe would have carried the risk of creating a false passage in part, because of the changed relationship of muscles at the time of autopsy and in part because of the existence of postmortem rigidity. Although the precise path of the bullet could undoubtedly have been demonstrated by complete dissection of the soft tissue between the two cutaneous wounds, there is no reason to believe that the information disclosed thereby would alter significantly the conclusions expressed in this report.
SUMMARY Examination of the clothing and of the photographs and X- rays taken at autopsy reveal that President Kennedy was struck by two bullets fired from above and behind him, one of which traversed the base of the neck on the right side without striking bone and the other of which entered the skull from behind and exploded its right side. The photographs and X-rays discussed herein support the above-quoted portions of the original Autopsy Report and the above-quoted medical conclusions of the Warren Commission Report.
Major differences with, and support of, conclusions in the Bethesda autopsy and Warren Report:
Rockefeller Commission analysis (1975).
The five-member Rockefeller Commission, which included three pathologists, a radiologist, and a wound ballistics expert, did not address the back and throat wounds, writing in its report, "The investigation was limited to determining whether there was any credible evidence pointing to CIA involvement in the assassination of President Kennedy," and that "The witnesses who presented evidence believed sufficient to implicate the CIA in the assassination of President Kennedy placed much stress upon the movements of the President's body associated with the head wound that killed the President."
The Commission examined the Zapruder, Muchmore, and Nix films, the 1963 autopsy report, the autopsy photographs and X-rays, President Kennedy's clothing and back brace, the bullet and bullet fragments recovered, the 1968 Clark Panel report, and other materials. The five panel members came to the unanimous conclusion that President Kennedy was struck by only two bullets, both of which were fired from the rear, including one that struck the back of the head. Three of the physicians reported that the backward and leftward motion of the President's upper body following the head shot was caused by a "violent straightening and stiffening of the entire body as a result of a seizure-like neuromuscular reaction to major damage inflicted to nerve centers in the brain."
The report added that there was "no evidence to support the claim that President Kennedy was struck by a bullet fired from either the grassy knoll or any other position to his front, right front or right side … No witness who urged the view the Rockefeller Commission that the Zapruder film and other motion picture films proved that President Kennedy was struck by a bullet fired from his right front was shown to possess any professional or other special qualifications on the subject."
HSCA analysis (1979).
The United States House Select Committee on Assassinations (HSCA) contained a forensic panel which undertook the unique task of reviewing original autopsy photographs and X-rays and interviewed autopsy personnel, as to their authenticity. The Panel and HSCA then went on to make medical conclusions based on this evidence.
The HSCA's major medical-forensic conclusion was that "President Kennedy was Struck by Two Rifle Shots Fired from Behind Him." (The committee found acoustic evidence of a second shooter, but concluded that this shooter did not contribute to the president's wounds, and therefore was irrelevant to the autopsy results).
The committee's forensic pathology panel was composed of nine members, eight of whom were chief medical examiners in major local jurisdictions in the United States. As a group, they had been responsible for more than 100,000 autopsies, an accumulation of experience the committee deemed invaluable in the evaluation of the medical evidence — including the autopsy X-rays and photographs — to determine the cause of death of the President and the nature and location of his wounds.
The committee also employed experts to authenticate the autopsy materials. Neither the Clark Panel nor the Rockefeller Commission undertook to determine if the X-rays and photographs were, in fact, authentic. The committee, in light of the numerous issues that had arisen over the years with respect to autopsy X-rays and photographs, believed authentication to be a crucial step in the investigation. The authentication of the autopsy X-rays and photographs was accomplished by the committee with the assistance of its photographic evidence panel as well as forensic dentists, forensic anthropologists and radiologists working for the committee. Two questions were put to these experts:
1.  Could the photographs and X-rays stored in the National Archives be positively identified as being of President Kennedy?<br>
2.  Was there any evidence that any of these photographs or X-rays had been altered in any manner?
To determine if the photographs of the autopsy subject were in fact of the President, forensic anthropologists compared the autopsy photographs with ante-mortem pictures of the President. This comparison was done on the basis of both metric and morphological features. The metric analysis relied upon a series of facial measurements taken from the photographs, while the morphological analysis was focused on consistency of physical features, particularly those that could be considered distinctive (shape of the nose, patterns of facial lines, et cetera). Once unique characteristics were identified, posterior and anterior autopsy photographs were compared to verify that they, in fact, depicted the same person.
The anthropologists studied the autopsy X-rays in conjunction with premortem X-rays of the President. A sufficient number of unique anatomic characteristics were present in X-rays taken before and after the President's death to conclude that the autopsy X-rays were of President Kennedy. This conclusion was consistent with the findings of a forensic dentist employed by the committee. Since many of the X-rays taken during the course of the autopsy included the President's teeth, it was possible to determine, using the President's dental records, that the X-rays were of the President.
Once the forensic dentist and anthropologists had determined that the autopsy photographs and X-rays were of the President, photographic scientists and radiologists examined the original autopsy photographs, negatives, transparencies, and X-rays for signs of alteration. They concluded there was no evidence of the photographic or radiographic materials having been altered. Consequently, the committee determined that the autopsy X-rays and photographs were a valid basis for the conclusions of the committee's forensic pathology panel.
While the examination of the autopsy X-rays and photographs was the principal basis of its analysis, the forensic pathology panel also had access to all relevant witness testimony. In addition, all tests and evidence analyses requested by the panel were performed. It was only after considering all of this evidence that the panel reached its conclusions.
The pathology panel concluded that President Kennedy was struck by two, and only two, bullets, each of which entered from the rear. The panel further concluded that the President was struck by "one bullet that entered in the upper right of the back and exited from the front of the throat, and one bullet that entered in the right rear of the head near the cowlick area and exited from the right side of the head, toward the front. This second bullet caused a massive wound to the President's head upon exit." The panel concluded that there is no medical evidence that the President was struck by a bullet entering the front of the head, and the possibility that a bullet could have struck the President and yet left no evidence is extremely remote.
Because this conclusion appeared to be inconsistent with the backward motion of the President's head in the Zapruder film, the committee consulted a wound ballistics expert to determine what relationship, if any, exists between the direction from which a bullet strikes the head and subsequent head movement. The expert concluded that nerve damage from a bullet entering the President's head could have caused his back muscles to tighten which, in turn, could have caused his head to move toward the rear. He demonstrated the phenomenon in a filmed experiment which involved the shooting of goats. Thus, the committee determined that the rearward movement of the President's head would not be fundamentally inconsistent with a bullet striking from the rear.
The HSCA also voiced certain criticisms of the original Bethesda autopsy and handling of evidence from it. These included:
Document inventory analysis: Assassination Records Review Board (1992–98).
The Assassination Records Review Board was created as a result of an act passed by the US Congress in 1992, entitled the "President John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Collection Act." The Act mandated the gathering and release of all US Government records related to the Assassination of John F. Kennedy. The Act was passed following the public outcry about the assassination after the 1991 premiere of Oliver Stone's film "JFK", which proposed Kennedy assassination theories involving plots to kill the President. The ARRB collected evidence starting in 1992, then produced a final report in 1998. According to Douglas P. Horne, the ARRB's chief analyst for military records,
The Review Board’s charter was simply to locate and declassify assassination records, and to ensure they were placed in the new “JFK Records Collection” in the National Archives, where they would be freely available to the public. Although Congress did not want the ARRB to reinvestigate the assassination of President Kennedy, or to draw conclusions about the assassination, the staff did hope to make a contribution to future ‘clarification’ of the medical evidence in the assassination by conducting these neutral, non-adversarial, fact-finding depositions. All of our deposition transcripts, as well as our written reports of numerous interviews we conducted with medical witnesses, are now a part of that same collection of records open to the public. Because of the Review Board’s strictly neutral role in this process, all of these materials were placed in the JFK Collection without comment.
According to Horne, the ARRB's work showed that:
(1) The autopsy report in evidence today, Warren Commission Exhibit 387, is the third version prepared of that report; it is not the sole version, as was claimed for years by those who wrote it and signed it.
(2) The brain photographs in the National Archives that are purported to be photographs of President Kennedy’s brain are not what they are represented to be; they are not pictures of his brain, but rather are photographs of someone else’s brain. Normally, in cases of death due to injury to the brain, the brain is examined one or two weeks following the autopsy on the body, and photographs are taken of the pattern of damage. Following President Kennedy’s autopsy, there were two subsequent brain examinations, not one: the first examination was of the President’s brain, and those photographs were never introduced into the official record; the second examination was of a fraudulent specimen, whose photographs were subsequently introduced into the official record. The pattern of damage displayed in these ‘official’ brain photographs has nothing whatsoever to do with the assassination in Dallas, and in fact was undoubtedly used to shore up the official conclusion that President Kennedy was killed by a shot from above and behind.
(3) There is something seriously wrong with the autopsy photographs of the body of President Kennedy. It definitely is President Kennedy in the photographs, but the images showing the damage to the President’s head do not show the pattern of damage observed by either the medical professionals at Parkland hospital in Dallas, or by numerous witnesses at the military autopsy at Bethesda Naval hospital. These disparities are real and are significant, but the reasons remain unclear.
Personnel present during autopsy.
List of personnel present at various times during the autopsy, with official function, taken from the Sibert-O'Neill report list, the HSCA list and attorney Vincent Bugliosi, author of .
Non-medical personnel from law-enforcement/security:
Medical personnel and assistants (USA = US Army, USN = US Navy, USAF = US Air Force, MC = Medical Corps)
"Official autopsy signatories":
"Other medical personnel"
Additional military personnel
"Others:"
At the termination of the autopsy, the following personnel from Gawler’s Funeral Home entered the autopsy room to prepare the President’s body for viewing and burial (this required 3 to 4 hours [http://www.history-matters.com/archive/jfk/hsca/med_testimony/Lipsey_1-18-78/HSCA-Lipsey.htm]):

</doc>
<doc id="5874488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874488" title="Find the Colour">
Find the Colour

"Find the Colour", is a single from UK rock band Feeder, and was fourth to be taken from their album "Comfort In Sound" during 2003.
The single made #24 in the UK charts. The version on the single was an edit of the album version, with the song easing up to end and the guitar rifts being loudened and more present. Despite reaching the UK top 40, "Find the Colour" was not included on the singles album.
Style.
"Find the Colour", is seen by the band as the most upbeat single released from the album. The band wanted to end the campaign in this way before the arena tour started (but would decide to release the title track on the tour), as the first three singles were seen as dark in their mood.
Music video.
The music video sees the band performing in a dark room, with the camera panning around them while they are performing. The action is seen in slow motion, and are actually performing "Godzilla" from their "Comfort in Sound" album, with the video slown down with "Find the Colour" edited into the video so it looks like they are performing a different song.
It was noted by frontman Grant Nicholas in an interview on now-defunct TV channel The Amp that as the video is seen in slow motion from start to end, it has done something not done by many or any music videos in the past.
Reception.
Before the release of the single, the video was getting many plays on MTV2 in the United Kingdom. It reached #2 on the channels daily voting chart, and #6 in the weekly listings. On release week the single got as high as #45 on the airplay chart, and charted at #24 on the UK singles chart.
Although this was the only single from the album not to appear in the top 20, it was noted that the single was only available on one CD format, unlike the previous singles, meaning that the sales were near to being halved, and would have possibly reached the top 20 otherwise. The following week a CD/DVD re-issue of the album charted at #45, with part of the reason being the release of this single.

</doc>
<doc id="5874491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874491" title="Metrolinx">
Metrolinx

Metrolinx is a crown agency that manages and integrates road transport and public transportation in the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area in Ontario, Canada. The organization was created by the Government of Ontario under the name of the Greater Toronto Transportation Authority on April 24, 2006. It adopted the public name of Metrolinx in 2007, created a Regional Transportation Plan, and merged with GO Transit in 2009 (making it an operating division). It has assumed other key initiatives including Presto card implementation, the construction of the Union Pearson Express, and multiple other projects supporting transit.
History.
Metrolinx used to be known as the Greater Toronto Transportation Authority (GTTA). Legislation to create the GTTA was introduced in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario on April 24, 2006, and was passed and received royal assent on June 22, 2006. In April 2007, a transition team seconded from the Ontario Public Service began work at the GTTA's headquarters at 20 Bay Street in Toronto.
In July 2007, the GTTA identified the following first round of ‘Quick Win’ projects as candidates for early implementation:
On December 4, 2007, the GTTA adopted the name ‘Metrolinx’ for public use. At the same time, it launched a new web site, and released the first of its series of green papers on transportation issues, part of the process of creating the Regional Transportation Plan.
In June 2008, Metrolinx began using a new logo in printed and electronic communications.
On December 17, 2008, Metrolinx announced that, together with twelve municipalities, it had made a collective bus purchase for 160 buses.
On March 30, 2009, the Ontario government introduced legislation to merge GO Transit and Metrolinx as a single entity, with "Metrolinx" as its legal name. The legislation received royal assent on May 14, 2009, taking immediate effect. This resulted in the replacement of the previous board structure with a new one in which 15 private-sector appointees are made by the province. The legislation makes other changes to Metrolinx's powers and abilities.
Originally GO's track age was owned entirely by Canada's two major commercial railways: the large majority by the Canadian National Railway (CNR) and the remainder by Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR). Before Metrolinx's creation, GO Transit had only acquired partial ownership of the Lakeshore East, Barrie, Stouffville and Milton lines. However, ever since its inception Metrolinx has been aggressively expanding its ownership of the rail corridors GO transit operates on by acquiring nonessential rail lines from both CN and CP.
On April 8, 2009, Metrolinx announced that it had acquired the Weston Subdivision, part of the Georgetown line, now known as the Kitchener line, for $160 million from CN.
On June 27, 2009, Metrolinx division GO Transit introduced summer weekend GO train service between Toronto and Niagara Falls.
On December 15, 2009, Metrolinx announced that it had acquired the lower portion of the Newmarket subdivision for $68 million from CN, giving it full ownership of the Barrie line.
On March 31, 2010, Metrolinx announced that it had acquired a key piece of track from CN for $168 million. This purchase was for a portion of the Oakville subdivsion from Union station to 30th Street in Etobicoke just west of GO's Willowbrook yard.
On July 30, 2010, Metrolinx announced its plan to build, own and operate the air rail link between Union Station and Toronto's Pearson International Airport.
On January 24, 2011, Metrolinx and the Regional Municipality of York awarded contracts for early construction on work on the York Viva Bus Rapid Transit way.
On March 30, 2011, Metrolinx announced that it had acquired the portion of the Kingston line on which that GO trains operate from CN for $299 million, giving them full ownership of the Lakeshore East line.
On June 16, 2011, Metrolinx announced that, together with 12 municipalities, it purchased 287 new transit buses.
On August 24, 2011, Metrolinx division GO Transit announced that the Presto Card is available across its entire GTHA network.
On December 19, 2011, GO Transit expanded its weekday GO train service to include stations in Kitchener-Waterloo and Guelph.
On January 29, 2012, Metrolinx division GO Transit opened the new Allandale Waterfront GO Station in Barrie.
On March 27, 2012, Metrolinx announced that it had acquired key portions of multiple subdivisions from CN for $310.5 million. This purchase included the southern portions of the Bala subdivsion up to CN's main east-west freight line the York sub, part of the Richmond Hill line and a large portion of the Oakville subdivision from 30th Street in Etobicoke to a point just west of Fourth line in Oakville.
On May 10, 2012, GO Transit announced summer weekend and GO train service between Toronto and Barrie.
On November 15, 2012, GO Transit launched the GO Train Service Guarantee, a fare credit policy for train delays.
On November 29, 2012, Metrolinx announced the Next Wave of Big Move projects.
On January 5, 2012, GO Transit began serving the new Acton GO Station.
On March 22, 2013, Metrolinx completed an additional purchase of the Oakville subdivision from CN for $52.5 million. This purchase was for the portion from Fourth Line in Oakville to a point just east of where CN's freight main line joins the Oakville Subdivision in Burlington.
On April 13, 2013, it was announced that Metrolinx division Presto would make its smart farecard available across the entire OC Transpo network in Ottawa.
On May 27, 2013, Metrolinx announced its Investment Strategy, a series of recommendations for sustaining transit growth in the region.
As of June 2013, Metrolinx had ownership of 68% of the corridors on which it operates, up from 6% in 1998. It has complete ownership of the Barrie, Stouffville and Lakeshore East lines and majority ownership of the Lakeshore West line (to a point just West of Burlington GO station) and Richmond Hill line (to Doncaster Junction, a point in between Old Cummer and Langstaff GO stations). Metrolinx owns comparatively small portions of the Kitchener and Milton lines, a situation that is unlikely to change as the lines are heavily used by freight traffic.
On June 5, 2013, Metrolinx crews began tunnelling the western underground portion of the Eglinton Crosstown.
On June 28, 2013, GO Transit introduced its biggest expansion in 46 years with 30-minute service on the Lakeshore lines.
On November 29. 2013, Metrolinx opened the Strachan Avenue underpass, allowing GO trains to operate below Strachan Ave. without disrupting road traffic.
On November 29, 2013 Metrolinx and the City of Mississauga announced the start of construction for the west segment of the Mississauga Transitway, scheduled for completion in 2016.
On February 28, 2014, Metrolinx revealed plans to increase train service to Hamilton and build the new James St North GO Station.
On March 31, 2014, Metrolinx division Presto announced that one million transit riders were using the electronic fare card across the GTHA and Ottawa.
Responsibilities.
The Metrolinx Act of 2006, formerly named known as the Greater Toronto Transportation Authority Act of 2006, describes two of Metrolinx's primary responsibilities as being:
The Big Move.
"The Big Move: Transforming Transportation in the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area" was one of Metrolinx's first deliverables. It is a Regional Transportation Plan (RTP) including a rolling five-year capital plan and Investment Strategy for the GTHA. The plan builds on 52 GO train, subway, light rail and bus rapid transit projects proposed by the Government of Ontario in its MoveOntario 2020 plan announced on June 15, 2007, and includes new projects to support them.
A draft version of the Regional Transportation Plan was provided to Metrolinx on September 26, 2008, and a final version was approved on November 27, 2008. 
Progress.
Planning and construction is underway for some specific projects supporting the Big Move.
The three levels of government have provided $16 billion toward the First Wave of projects, which are already underway. The Next Wave of projects still requires funding. 
First Wave of projects - funded and underway
Next Wave of projects 
Funding: The Investment Strategy.
The Investment Strategy proposes a series of 24 recommendations as part of a four-part plan to integrate transportation, growth and land use planning in the GTHA, maximize the value of public infrastructure investment, optimize system and network efficiencies, and dedicate new revenue sources for transit and transportation. 
Within the Investment Strategy, Metrolinx made twenty-four recommendations, including investment tools and policy recommendations. 
Revenue tools: 
Policy recommendations:
Metrolinx also advised that funds raised by all the new taxes would be put in a dedicated transportation trust fund, one that would be administered by a board separate from Metrolinx. 
The Investment Strategy recommendations are now before the government for consideration.
Operating divisions.
GO Transit.
GO Transit is the inter-regional public transit system serving the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area and the Greater Golden Horseshoe. GO carries over 55 million passengers a year using an extensive network of train and bus services; rail service is provided by diesel locomotives pulling trains of unpowered double-deck passenger cars, while most bus service is provided by inter-city coaches.
Canada's first such public system, GO Transit began regular passenger service on May 23, 1967, under the auspices of the Ontario Ministry of Transportation. Over time it has been constituted in a variety of public-sector configurations, but it became an operating division of Metrolinx in 2009.
New and improved GO service is a top transit priority listed in The Big Move. Since 2009, GO Transit has introduced seasonal train service to Barrie and Niagara Falls, extended service to Kitchener and Lake Simcoe, opened four new stations at Acton, Guelph Central, Kitchener and Allandale Waterfront. As of June 2013, GO Trains along the Lakeshore rail lines run every 30 minutes, making the biggest expansion in GO Transit history. 
Union Pearson Express.
The Union Pearson Express (UP Express) will be an airport rail link service between Union Station in downtown Toronto and Pearson International Airport in the City of Mississauga, roughly away. The trains are to run every fifteen minutes, seven days a week, and are predicted to eliminate 1.5 million car trips annually.
The line will operate along a Metrolinx-owned railway rail corridor now used by GO Transit, that is under construction as part of the Georgetown South Project to allow for additional train traffic. The UP Express will share the same path as trains on the Kitchener line, before splitting off onto a separate spur just north of the Etobicoke North Station. It will also stop at the existing Bloor and Weston GO Stations.
Construction of the Union Pearson Express is 100% underway, and service will being the spring of 2015. 
Presto.
The Presto card, originally known as the GTA Farecard, is a smartcard-based fare payment system for public transit systems in Ontario, including those in the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area and Ottawa. The Presto system is designed to support the use of one common farecard for fare payment on various public transit systems, through electronic readers that calculate the correct fare and deduct it from a preloaded balance.
Presto will also centralize its operational logistics, such as farecard procurement, reporting services, and a customer call centre. The system was trialled from June 25, 2007 to September 30, 2008. Full implementation began in November 2009. It will be rolled out across the province in stages. Presto now serves over a million customers in the GTHA and Ottawa. 
As of February 2014, Presto has been fully implemented on the following transit systems: 
Presto is available at select TTC subway stations and will begin system-wide implementation in 2014. 
Other programs.
Smart Commute is a program that, with the support of local municipalities, tries to fight climate change by reducing traffic congestion and increasing transit efficiency. Employers and employees in the GTHA can explore and have assistance with different commuting options, such as carpooling, transit, cycling, walking, telework and flexible work hours. The program is delivered through local transportation management associations.
Originally conducted under the Ontario Ministry of Transportation in 2006, the Transit Procurement Initiative involves Metrolinx assisting municipal transit operators with the procurement of vehicles, equipment, technologies, facilities and related supplies. The goal of the program is to reduce per unit cost, increase unit quality, and provide an open and transparent procurement process for municipal transit operators. To date, the program has supported 21 municipalities and transit agencies, has purchased over 400 buses, and has saved an estimated $5 million.
Metrolinx also seeks partnerships with individuals and the community, and offers financial support for proposed projects that support transit.
Criticism.
The agency has been criticized for not having enough executive power in planning transit outside of municipal politics, despite being established to take political delay out of transportation planning. After Rob Ford was elected Mayor of Toronto in December 2010, he declared Transit City, the provincially-funded transit expansion plan of light rail lines, dead. These lines were a large component of Metrolinx’s 2008 Big Move. Metrolinx was again criticized when, in January 2012, its CEO declared that it would bend to what Toronto City Council wanted regarding how the Eglinton-Scarborough Crosstown LRT line should be built. The issue centred on whether the more suburban stretches of the line, from Laird Dr. to Kennedy Station, should be built at street level to save costs of building it underground.
Governance.
Metrolinx used to be governed by a board consisting of various appointees from the Ontario government and the regions within the GTHA. After the passage of the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area Transit Implementation Act, 2009 merging Metrolinx and GO Transit, the Metrolinx board structure was changed, with politicians specifically prohibited from serving.
Metrolinx is spearheaded by an executive group (August 2013):
The Board of Directors is composed of the President/CEO and various stakeholders (August 2013):

</doc>
<doc id="5874497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874497" title="Raul Brandão">
Raul Brandão

Raul Germano Brandão (Foz do Douro, Porto, March 12, 1867 – Lisbon, December 5, 1930) was a Portuguese writer, journalist and military officer, notable for the realism of his literary descriptions and by the lyricism of his language. Brandão was born in Foz do Douro, a parish of Porto, where he spent the majority of his youth. Born in a family of sailors, the ocean and the sailors were a recurrent theme in his work.
Biography.
Brandão completed his secondary studies in 1891. After that, the joined the military academy, where he initiated a long career in the Ministry of War. While working in the ministry, he also worked as a journalist and published several books.
In 1896, Brandão was commissioned in Guimarães, where he would meet his future wife. He married in the next year and settled in the city. Despite living in Guimarães, Brandão spent long periods in Lisbon. After retiring from the army, in 1912, Brandão initiated the most productive period of his writing career. He died on December 5, 1930, age 63, after publishing a profuse journalistic and literary work.
Body of Work.
Brandão was the great Portuguese modernist in terms of prose fiction, integrating a symbolist tension into his work in an attempt to transpose an apparent and deceptive reality and thereby obtain a transcendence or absoluteness that are only fumblingly formulated through writing.
A fiction writer who wrote about characters that were both pathetic and grotesque in their incapacity to delineate their dream, or else were shameless in the way in which they betrayed it ("A Farsa", 1903, "Os Pobres", 1906). It was, however, in the novel "Húmus, 1917", that he best explored the terrifyingly small dimension of human existence, enacting the tragedy of the struggle of the “town” for its “dream” and resorting to particular processes of breaking up the narrative time that anticipated the discourse of today’s fiction. He wrote several plays in the same style.

</doc>
<doc id="5874501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874501" title="Simon McCoy">
Simon McCoy

Simon McCoy (born 7 October 1961) is a newsreader for the BBC, and is a regular presenter on the rolling news channel BBC News between 8.30am and 11am. He is also a relief presenter of the "BBC News at One" and of "BBC Weekend News".
Shortly before 1pm on 18 March 2013, McCoy and co-presenter Sophie Long read the final BBC News bulletin from BBC Television Centre, with BBC News moving to Broadcasting House in Central London for the BBC News at One.
Early life.
McCoy was born in Hammersmith. He was educated at the independent Sherborne School in the town of Sherborne in north-west Dorset, England.
Career.
McCoy started his journalism career at the Fleet Street News Agency in London before joining Thames TV as a researcher for Thames News in 1983. After time as a scriptwriter at Thames TV in 1986 he joined the breakfast TV station TV-am as a news editor. In 1988 Simon left to go to a new satellite channel called Sky - initially as a producer on the Sky News breakfast programme "Sunrise".
After a year as a general reporter for the station he was appointed Royal Correspondent and between 1991 and 1996 Simon covered all the major stories which affected the Royal Family.
After a job which involved travel around the world throughout the years Simon took a desk job, presenting "Sunrise" on Sky News. He also presented the "Tonight" programme - a topical chat show involving interviews with people from the worlds of showbiz, politics and sport.
In 2003 McCoy co-anchored Sky's coverage of the Iraq war on location in Kuwait and Basra. He was on air for five hours every day of the conflict.
In January 2004 McCoy joined the BBC, and could be seen on "BBC Breakfast" and BBC News 24, initially as a cover presenter for both. In September 2005 he took over the morning slot on BBC News alongside Kate Silverton following Phillip Hayton's sudden departure after Hayton fell out with Silverton. When reviewing the papers the following day McCoy tried to point out the story, but was prevented by Silverton. In December 2007 Silverton left the shift to host the "8pm Update". McCoy presents the weekday 8.30-11am slot on the BBC News channel alongside Rachel Schofield on Mondays and Carrie Gracie from Tuesday to Friday.
In 2006 McCoy stopped regular appearances on "BBC Breakfast" upon Charlie Stayt's arrival at the BBC, but continued to be a relief presenter on the "BBC Weekend News". Since 2008 McCoy has made a number of appearances as a stand in presenter on "Breakfast".
In 2006 McCoy ate a pair of brown leather shoes for charity - raising around £5000 in the process.
On 9 March 2012 McCoy was apparently caught asleep at the newsdesk as "BBC Breakfast" handed over to the BBC News channel at 8:30am, although McCoy denied he was dozing.
On 7 June 2013 McCoy presented coverage of the Queen's visit to Broadcasting House to officially open the new part of the BBC's Headquarters which features the largest live newsroom in Europe. The new Broadcasting House sees the BBC's Television, News and Radio departments in one complex. The BBC's Children's and Radio 5 Live moved to Salford's MediaCity in 2012. The Queen opened the new complex with a live public broadcast on BBC Radio 4's "Today' programme."
On 22 July McCoy was on the roster for coverage of the birth of the first child of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who a few days later became Prince George of Cambridge. Stationed outside the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital with often little or no news to share, McCoy's comments concerning the value of the news coverage made for (often sympathetic) headlines. And famously said "The News is there is no News".
Acting.
McCoy appeared as himself, reading the news, in the 2007 BBC Two drama "Party Animals". He has also appeared in several episodes of "Spooks", in the BBC1 drama "Holby Blue", and in "The Amazing Mrs Pritchard". Simon also had a newsreading role in the 2006 Anthony Horowitz movie "Stormbreaker".
Family.
McCoy has a son, Max (born 1993), from his first marriage. On 28 September 2007, he married Victoria Graham of BBC South West.

</doc>
<doc id="5874508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874508" title="Alberta Poetry Yearbook">
Alberta Poetry Yearbook

The Alberta Poetry Yearbook was an annual publication of entries into a poetry contest administered by the Canadian Authors Association, Edmonton, Alberta branch. The chapbook was published from 1930 until 1990, and the final year of publication was followed by a collection of the best work published in the annual volumes.
Alberta Scouten, secretary of the Edmonton branch of the Canadian Author's Association for many years, started the "Alberta Poetry Year Book" in 1930. Lasting for 60 years, it served as an important poetry market. Scouten was evidently a writer’s dream of an editor as she was reported to carry on an extensive and sympathetic correspondence with many of the contributors, winners and losers alike.
The "Alberta Poetry Year Book" was continued by June Fritch in 1952, who edited it for the next 27 years. Entry fees covered the cost of prizes, production and distribution and it made a small profit for the Branch. Cora Taylor served as editor from 1980–85, R. John Hayes from 1986–87 and Jane Livingston from 1988–89. In 1990, John W. Chalmers edited a collection of the best sixty years of the "Alberta Poetry Yearbook", entitled "Sixty Singing Years", with the editorial assistance of Cora Taylor and Elaine Moody.

</doc>
<doc id="5874534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874534" title="Deke Nihilson">
Deke Nihilson

Daniel "Deke" Frontino Elash (born January 2, 1968) is an American zine editor, musician, actor, activist and historian.
In 1988, he and co-editor Tom Jennings began publishing "Homocore" zine out of San Francisco. One of the earliest queercore zines, it followed in the wake of "J.D.s" and was instrumental in the expansion of the queer punk scene; its readership was international. The name "Homocore" came from the pages of "J.D.s" and from 1988 to 1991, seven issues were produced. Contributors included musicians and writers such as The Apostles, Steve Abbott, Donna Dresch, Larry Livermore, Daniel Nicoletta, and G. B. Jones. At the same time, Nihilson and Jennings set up "Homocore" shows where bands such as Fugazi, Beat Happening and MDC played, and did much to popularize the queercore scene on the west coast of the U.S. Nihilson began his own band around this time, called Comrades In Arms. One of the earliest queercore bands, they played at "Homocore" events and issued one cassette release.
Nihilson appears in the film "The Yo-Yo Gang" by G.B. Jones, released in 1992.
Nihilson was also involved with the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW). On 1 September 1992, Nihilson and other IWW members called a press conference for four workers who had been fired from the gay bar "End Up". They had joined the IWW in the midst of ongoing labor disputes with the bar, prior to their dismissal. During the conference, Nihilson burned the rainbow flag, a gesture designed to refute the supposed unity the flag symbolizes for the gay community, due to class divisions. The event was featured in San Francisco media such as "San Francisco Bay Times", "Bay Guardian" and "Bay Area Reporter". During the 1990s, Nihilson remained active in IWW as well as Food Not Bombs.
At present, Nihilson is a Marxist-Leninist filmmaker working in Portland Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="5874542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874542" title="List of Pholcidae species">
List of Pholcidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Pholcidae as of Dec. 29, 2013.
Aetana.
"Aetana" Huber, 2005
Anansus.
"Anansus" Huber, 2007
Anopsicus.
"Anopsicus" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1938
Artema.
"Artema" Walckenaer, 1837
Aucana.
"Aucana" Huber, 2000
Autana.
"Autana" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2011
Aymaria.
"Aymaria" Huber, 2000
Belisana.
"Belisana" Thorell, 1898
Blancoa.
"Blancoa" Huber, 2000
Buitinga.
"Buitinga" Huber, 2003
Calapnita.
"Calapnita" Simon, 1892
Canaima.
"Canaima" Huber, 2000
Carapoia.
"Carapoia" Gonzalez-Sponga, 1998
Carbonaria.
"Carbonaria" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2009
Caruaya.
"Caruaya" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2011
Cenemus.
"Cenemus" Saaristo, 2001
Ceratopholcus.
"Ceratopholcus" Spassky, 1934
Chibchea.
"Chibchea" Huber, 2000
Chichiriviche.
"Chichiriviche" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2011b
Chisosa.
"Chisosa" Huber, 2000
Ciboneya.
"Ciboneya" Perez, 2001
Coryssocnemis.
"Coryssocnemis" Simon, 1893
Crossopriza.
"Crossopriza" Simon, 1893
Enetea.
"Enetea" Huber, 2000
Galapa.
"Galapa" Huber, 2000
Gertschiola.
"Gertschiola" Brignoli, 1981
Guaranita.
"Guaranita" Huber, 2000
Holocneminus.
"Holocneminus" Berland, 1942
Holocnemus.
"Holocnemus" Simon, 1873
Hoplopholcus.
"Hoplopholcus" Kulczynski, 1908
Ibotyporanga.
"Ibotyporanga" Mello-Leitao, 1944
Ixchela.
"Ixchela" Huber, 2000
Kambiwa.
"Kambiwa" Huber, 2000
Khorata.
"Khorata" Huber, 2005
Leptopholcus.
"Leptopholcus" Simon, 1893
Litoporus.
"Litoporus" Simon, 1893
Maimire.
"Maimire" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2009
Mecolaesthus.
"Mecolaesthus" Simon, 1893
Mesabolivar.
"Mesabolivar" Gonzalez-Sponga, 1998
Metagonia.
"Metagonia" Simon, 1893
Micromerys.
"Micromerys" Bradley, 1877
Micropholcus.
"Micropholcus" Deeleman-Reinhold & Prinsen, 1987
Modisimus.
"Modisimus" Simon, 1893
Moraia.
"Moraia" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2011
Mystes.
"Mystes" Bristowe, 1938
Nasuta.
"Nasuta" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2009
Nerudia.
"Nerudia" Huber, 2000
Ninetis.
"Ninetis" Simon, 1890
Nita.
"Nita" Huber & El-Hennawy, 2007
Nyikoa.
"Nyikoa" Huber, 2007
Ossinissa.
"Ossinissa" Dimitrov & Ribera, 2005
Otavaloa.
"Otavaloa" Huber, 2000
Panjange.
"Panjange" Deeleman-Reinhold & Deeleman, 1983
Papiamenta.
"Papiamenta" Huber, 2000
Paramicromerys.
"Paramicromerys" Millot, 1946
Pehrforsskalia.
"Pehrforsskalia" Deeleman-Reinhold & van Harten, 2001
Pholcophora.
"Pholcophora" Banks, 1896
Pholcus.
"Pholcus" Walckenaer, 1805
Physocyclus.
"Physocyclus" Simon, 1893
Pisaboa.
"Pisaboa" Huber, 2000
Platnicknia.
"Platnicknia" Özdikmen & Demir, 2009
Pomboa.
"Pomboa" Huber, 2000
Portena.
"Portena" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2011
Priscula.
"Priscula" Simon, 1893
Psilochorus.
"Psilochorus" Simon, 1893
Quamtana.
"Quamtana" Huber, 2003
Queliceria.
"Queliceria" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2003
Sanluisi.
"Sanluisi" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2003
Savarna.
"Savarna" Huber, 2005
Sihala.
"Sihala" Huber, 2011
Smeringopina.
"Smeringopina" Kraus, 1957
Smeringopus.
"Smeringopus" Simon, 1890
Spermophora.
"Spermophora" Hentz, 1841
Spermophorides.
"Spermophorides" Wunderlich, 1992
Stenosfemuraia.
"Stenosfemuraia" Gonzalez-Sponga, 1998
Stygopholcus.
"Stygopholcus" Absolon & Kratochvil, 1932
Systenita.
"Systenita" Simon, 1893
Tainonia.
"Tainonia" Huber, 2000
Teuia.
"Teuia" Huber, 2000
Tibetia.
"Tibetia" Zhang, Zhu & Song, 2006
Tolteca.
"Tolteca" Huber, 2000
Tonoro.
"Tonoro" Gonzalez-Sponga, 2009
Trichocyclus.
"Trichocyclus" Simon, 1908
Tupigea.
"Tupigea" Huber, 2000
Uthina.
"Uthina" Simon, 1893
Venezuela.
"Venezuela" Kocak & Kemal, 2008
Wanniyala.
"Wanniyala" Huber & Benjamin, 2005
Waunana.
"Waunana" Huber, 2000
Wugigarra.
"Wugigarra" Huber, 2001
Zatavua.
"Zatavua" Huber, 2003

</doc>
<doc id="5874553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874553" title="Sexual slavery (disambiguation)">
Sexual slavery (disambiguation)

Sexual slavery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5874563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874563" title="Nubia (comics)">
Nubia (comics)

Nubia is a fictional character, a comic book superheroine published by DC Comics. The original Nubia was created by Robert Kanigher and Don Heck, she debuted in "Wonder Woman" (vol. 1) #204, (January 1973). The modern character named Nu'Bia was created by Doselle Young and Brian Denham, she debuted in "Wonder Woman Annual" (vol. 2) #8 (1999).
Fictional character biography.
Nubia.
Formed from clay as a twin to Diana (Wonder Woman), the dark skinned Nubia was kidnapped by Mars, who raised her, controlling her mind so that she would help him bring down the Amazons.
After a session in the Amazon Memory banks, Diana is confronted by an armored female warrior who challenges her to single combat. The two initially wrestle, then face each other with swords. Diana and the intruder seem evenly matched until the intruder knocks the sword from Diana's hands, and then hesitates to kill her, giving Diana the chance to wrestle her to a draw.
The stranger declares "I am Nubia!", then she and Diana embrace. Queen Hippolyta wonders if this was the same Nubia who was to be raised as Diana's sister.
Nubia leaves the Amazons and returns to her mist concealed Floating Island (named Slaughter Island by Mars). She tells Diana that they will meet again and one of them will be proven the true Wonder Woman. She eventually does return, and reiterates her claim to the title of Wonder Woman. Hippolyta tells her, "Aye, Nubia, that is the law. Anyone may challenge my daughter's right to that title. Until then may I wish that you find favor in wise Hera's eyes as you already have in mine?"
Later on she puts down a challenge to her rule by one of the male warriors of Slaughter Island, she defeats the man but lets him live, stating that "A woman doesn't destroy life, she cherishes it!".
The next appearance of Nubia came in "Supergirl" (vol. 1 #9) December (1973) written by Robert Kanigher. In the story Supergirl is made an honorary Amazon. Later when it is discovered that Nubia is suffering from a mutated shark poisoning, Hippolyta sends Kara to retrieve a rare root needed to cure her.
In "Super Friends" #25 October (1979), Wonder Woman, who is temporarily under the control of the evil Overlord, is seen attempting to liberate the oppressed women of the African continent. She tells them that men still treat women as if they were possessions and it's time for women to stand up to men, with Wonder Woman as leader. But Diana is interrupted by Nubia. Nubia tells her to back off and they fight, eventually the Overlord is defeated and they part as friends.
Crisis on Infinite Earths.
In 1985 DC Comics introduced the storyline "Crisis on Infinite Earths". By this story's end the entire DC Universe was erased and restarted with a clean slate. As such the pre-"Crisis" version of Nubia ceased to exist.
Nu'Bia.
Sometime after "Crisis" a new version of Nubia, now called Nu'Bia, was introduced. When Nu'Bia first meets Diana, she mistakenly calls Diana by the name of her former queen "Antiope". Nu'Bia is only slightly surprised to discover that Diana is Antiope's niece. The woman identifies herself to Diana as Nu'Bia and says that she was a Themyscirian Amazon who won the "Tournament of Grace and Wonder" just as Diana previously had, and become the Amazons' first champion. Her assigned mission was to guard "Doom's Doorway", which is an entrance to the river Styx and the Tartarus Gate on Themyscira. Entering Doom's Doorway she was to guard the entryway from the inside, stopping anyone from entering or any creature from escaping. As Diana was never told of Nu'Bia it is assumed that the Themyscirian Amazons assumed she perished during her mission long before Diana's birth. Sometime during her time in Hell, Nu'bia explains she met the Zoroastrian god of light, Ahura Mazda, and became his lover. She also explains that on another adventure where she aided Gorgons, she was given the ability called "Cold Sight" which allows her to transform any living being into stone as a gift of gratitude from the Gorgons. After aiding Wonder Woman with her mission Nu'Bia then returns to the underworld to see Ahura Mazda.
The next time Nu'Bia is shown, an elevator in a Las Vegas hotel suddenly manifests a golden metal lion insignia. When Diana investigates this strange occurrence, Nu'Bia steps out of the elevator. She says, "Many leagues from the kingdom of light have I traveled. Through the province of Nox and the territory of shades have I hunted the demon-king Ahriman. Finally, to track him here, to Patriarch's World... to my ancient faraway home. How passing strange it is then, Princess, that I should find you here, as well."
The demon Ahriman murdered Ahura Mazda, and carved his heart from his body. Nu'Bia has come back to earth in search of Ahriman, hoping that she can retrieve the heart and revive her lover.
The last we see of Nu'Bia, she has Ahriman in her possession and rides an elevator back to Hades to revive her beloved.
Other versions.
Earth-23.
Renee Montoya ventures forth with Earth-5's Captain Marvel in an attempt to recruit each universe's equivalent of Superman to join Nix Uotan's Army of Heaven on Earth-Zero (the primary DC Earth). The beginning of the issue illustrates their visit to a universe where a black Superman is apparently the President of the United States. This Superman confers with a black Wonder Woman, whom he refers to as Nubia. This Nubia is apparently one of the "Wonder Women of Amazonia", and she uses a relic called the Wonder Horn to summon Renee and the others into her world.
This version of Nubia later reappears as a member of her Earth's Justice League, with her Earth officially revealed as Earth-23 in the new Multiverse.
Powers and abilities.
Pre-"Crisis".
Nubia possessed a magic sword created by Mars which was the only weapon on Earth that could counteract Diana's magic lasso. She could also glide on air currents like Wonder Woman and possessed super-strength as well as all other Amazon abilities.
Post-"Crisis".
Nu'Bia wears special magical armor with a raised embossed lion's head on its breastplate. Nu'Bia has been shown traveling back and forth to Hades at will, and from there to other mythological realms. Typically when she is about to appear at a new location the lion's head on her armor appears as part of the doorway, suggesting that the armor may be the source of this ability. In honor of an ancient pact, the Gorgons of the underworld blessed Nu'Bia with the Cold Sight, which allows her to turn anyone to stone. She carries an unspecified magic sword.
Nu'Bia has 3,000 years of combat experience providing her expertise in both hand to hand combat as well as with hand held weapons. As a Themyscirian Amazon she also possesses immortality that allows her to live indefinitely in a youthful form, but does leave her open to potential injury and death depending on her actions. She also possesses enhanced strength and intelligence. As shown by fellow members of her tribe, she has the capability to break apart steel and concrete with her bare hands, jump over 12 feet from a standing position, has a high durability factor, enhanced healing, and the ability to absorb and process a vast amount of knowledge in a short period of time.
Nu'Bia, in addition to the other Themyscirian Amazons, possesses the ability to relieve her body of physical injury and toxins by becoming one with the Earth's soil and then reforming her body whole again. The first time Diana does this she prays to her god Gaea saying: ""Gaea, I pray to you. Grant me your strength. You are the Earth who suckled me, who nurtured and bred me. Through you all life is renewed. The circle which never ends. I pray you, mother Gaea, take me into your bosom. Please, let me be worthy."" During writer John Byrne's time on the comic it was stated that this is a very sacred ritual to the Themyscirians, only to be used in the most dire of circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="5874569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874569" title="Human trafficking (disambiguation)">
Human trafficking (disambiguation)

Human Trafficking may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5874574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874574" title="Linda Young">
Linda Young

Linda Chambers-Young is an American Voice Actress who voices characters in Japanese anime series, usually in voice productions produced by Funimation, arguably her most notable roles being Frieza in "Dragon Ball Z" and Genkai in "Yu Yu Hakusho". She also sings the English version of the ending theme "Sayonara Bye Bye" on Yu Yu Hakusho.
Her son is John Burgmeier, who works alongside her at Funimation.

</doc>
<doc id="5874576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874576" title="Finegand">
Finegand

Finegand is a farming hamlet located in eastern Perth and Kinross, Scotland and also refers historically to the portion of lands surrounding the hamlet. Finegand is located in Glen Shee and encompasses the lands east of the Shee Water adjacent to a burn which joins it about 4 miles below the Spittal and about 18 miles north of Blairgowrie.
The name is a corruption of the Gaelic "Fèith nan Ceann", meaning "the burn of the heads" and takes its name from an event, which according to legend, took place sometime in the 15th century. Local history tells of 15th century tax collectors sent repeatedly to Glenshee, probably by the oppressive Earl of Atholl, to collect ever-increasing tax from the highlanders "in whatever manner they deemed most effective", usually at the point of a sword. On one occasion, the glensmen having become so enraged at the tax collectors' pillaging, not only killed them all, but cut off their heads and threw them into the burn.
Finegand and the surrounding lands were long associated with the Clan MacThomas although few clansmen remain in the glen, having fled or been forcibly disbursed after supporting the Jacobite cause.

</doc>
<doc id="5874584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874584" title="Linda Chambers">
Linda Chambers

Linda Chambers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5874586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874586" title="Māui (Hawaiian mythology)">
Māui (Hawaiian mythology)

In Hawaiian mythology, Māui is a culture hero and ancient chief who appears in several different genealogies. In the Ulu line he is the son of Akalana and his wife Hinakawea (Hina). This couple has four sons, Māui-mua, Māui-hope, Māui-kiikii and Māui-a-kalana. Māui-a-kalana's wife is named Hinakealohaila; his son is Nanamaoa. Māui is one of the Kupua. His name is cognate with the Hawaiian island Maui.
Hauls up islands.
The great fish-hook of Māui is called "Manaiakalani" and it is baited with the wing of Hina's pet bird, the "alae". Māui is said to have created the Hawaiian Islands by tricking his brothers. He convinces them to take him out fishing, but catches his hook upon the ocean floor. He tells his brothers that he has caught a big fish, and tells them to paddle as hard as they can. His brothers paddle with all their might, and being intent with their effort, did not notice the island rising behind them. Māui repeats this trick several times, creating the Hawaiian Islands (Tregear 1891:236).
Another tradition states that as Māui plants his hook at Hamakua, to fish up the god of fishes, Pimoe, Māui orders his brethren not to look back, or the expedition will fail. Hina, in the shape of a baling-gourd, appears at the surface of the water, and Māui, unwittingly, grasps the gourd and places it in front of his seat. Suddenly there appears a beautiful woman whose beauty none can resist; and so the brothers look behind them to watch the beautiful water-goddess. The line parts, Hina disappears, and the effort to unite the chain of islands into one solid unit fails.
Restrains the sun.
Māui’s next feat is to stop the sun from moving so fast. His mother Hina complains that her "kapa" (bark cloth) is unable to dry because the days are so short. Māui climbs to the mountain Hale-a-ka-lā ("house of the sun") and lassoes the sun’s rays as the sun comes up, using a rope made from his sister's hair. The sun pleads for life and agrees that the days shall be long in summer and short in winter (Pukui, Elbert, & Mookini 1974:36).
In another version, Hina sends him to a big "wiliwili" tree where he finds his old blind grandmother setting out bananas and steals them one by one until she recognises him and agrees to help him. He sits by the trunk of the tree to rope the sun (Beckwith 1970:230). The Island of Maui and the constellation "Māui's fishhook" (known in the West as Scorpius) are named after this legend.
Māui the Fisherman.
Māui would go fishing in the broken coral reefs below Haleakala with his brothers. Māui was not a very talented fisherman, even though he had a magical hook that could catch anything, he did not use it for ordinary tasks. Māui's brothers would sometimes tease him for the small amount of fish that he would bring in, but Māui would get them back by playing tricks on them.
"Oh the great fish hook of Maui!
Manai-i-ka-lani 'Made fast to the heavens'--its name;
An earth-twisted cord ties the hook.
Engulfed from the lofty Kauiki.
Its bait the red billed Alae,
The bird made sacred to Hina.
It sinks far down to Hawaii,
Struggling and painfully dying.
Caught is the land under the water,
Floated up, up to the surface,
But Hina hid a wing of the bird
And broke the land under the water.
Below, was the bait snatched away
And eaten at once -by the fishes,
The Ulua of the deep muddy places."
Chant of Kualii, about A. D. 1700.
Māui Lifting the Sky.
Māui realized one day that some men were being constrained by the Sky. The sky was falling down too low and people were not able to stand upright, stopping them from doing anything. Māui felt really bad when he saw the people of the earth suffering from this so he wanted to help. So Māui searched for his father Ru in order to help him raise the sky so that the men could not suffer from the falling of the sky. 
Māui traveled to the town Lahaina in order to meet his father and push the sky up. Māui then laid parallel to the sky in order to embrance himself and push the sky up with great power. Māui then gave the signal to his dad to start pushing the sky up as well, and the strength of father and son together was able to push the sky up high enough for the people of the earth to be able to continue doing daily tasks. Some say if Māui and his father Ru had not worked together, the sky would have fallen completely and made the earth inhabitable for humans. Thus they saved mankind.
Māui and the Long Eel.
After Māui had fished up the islands, he began to wonder what was actually on these islands. He then traveled to the different islands and realised that they were all inhabitable. There were kapa houses but with no one living inside of them. Complete Ahupua'a with no one inhabiting it at all.
Māui learned a lot of new lessons while visiting these new islands, so he decided to return home and live with respect to the fashion of the new houses he had seen on the islands. Māui then pursued Hina and made her his wife, she was living in a thatched house at the time in which she took very good care of. 
One day Hina went down to the river bank to fetch some water for Māui and herself. Hina encountered the Long Eel "Tuna" at the bank, and "Tuna" struck her and covered her with slime. Hina was able to escape back to the house but did not tell Māui what had just happened. But the next day it happened again and Hina told Māui. Māui then ventured to the banks to find and kill Tuna. 
Māui was very flustered and was going to punish the long eel, so then he laid out traps in order for the Eel to come out of hiding. When Tuna came out of hiding, Māui pulled out his stone axe and killed Tuna. The Long Eel had been causing trouble to a lot of the townsfolk, but thanks to Māui they were all safe now.

</doc>
<doc id="5874593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874593" title="New York State Route 102">
New York State Route 102

New York State Route 102 (NY 102) is an east–west state highway in Nassau County, New York, in the United States. It is little more than an alternate route of NY 24 through the town of Hempstead. NY 102 leaves NY 24 in West Hempstead and follows Front Street through the village of Hempstead and Uniondale before rejoining NY 24 in East Meadow. The portion of NY 102 west of William Street is maintained by Nassau County and is unsigned while the remainder of the highway is maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation and signed. NY 102 goes under the Meadowbrook State Parkway, but has no connecting ramps to or from the parkway. It does, however have a right-of-way for a formerly proposed eastbound lane. NY 102 was assigned in the 1930s and has not been changed significantly since.
Route description.
NY 102 begins at an intersection with NY 24 (Hempstead Turnpike) just east of the Long Island Rail Road's West Hempstead station in West Hempstead. The highway proceeds southeast through a commercial area along Front Street, a two-lane road maintained by Nassau County as County Route 106 (CR 106). The route bends east through the village of Hempstead, becoming residential for several blocks until Chasner Street. NY 102 continues northeast through Hempstead, passing several strip malls and businesses near Franklin Street. At the intersection with Main Street, NY 102 and Front Street proceed downhill near two churches and a cemetery as the four-lane residential street. After an apartment building, NY 102 crosses Clinton Street and Peninsula Boulevard at-grade.
After Peninsula Boulevard, NY 102 continues eastward along Front Street, which becomes state-maintained at a junction with William Street. The route winds eastward through Hempstead for several blocks along the now four-lane road, passing numerous residences and apartment buildings. NY 102 bends northeast, intersecting with Uniondale Avenue in the Uniondale section of Hempstead. At this junction, the route becomes commercial in nature once again, crossing several blocks of businesses until Locust Avenue. Now two lanes, NY 102 continues north through Hempstead, crossing under the six lanes of the Meadowbrook State Parkway (with no interchange present). After the Meadowbrook, the route bends northeast, passing through more residences and large commercial strips. A short distance later, the route intersects with Merrick Avenue, entering the Barnum Woods section of Hempstead.
In Barnum Woods, NY 102 becomes a mix of residential and commercial as the two-lane main street. At the junction with Vincent Road, NY 102 leaves Barnum Woods and enters the East Meadow section of Hempstead. The route remains commercial and residential in nature, proceeding northeast past a long strip mall near East Meadow Avenue. After passing a large complex of stores, NY 102 intersects with NY 24 (Hempstead Turnpike) once again in East Meadow. This T-intersection serves as the eastern terminus of NY 102, whose right-of-way also ends.
History.
The state-maintained section of NY 102 was improved to state highway standards as part of a project contracted out by the state of New York on September 20, 1907. A total of of highway were rebuilt as part of the $81,000 project (equivalent to $ in ), including all of modern NY 105. The reconstructed roads were added to the state highway system on November 2, 1908, as unsigned State Highway 437 (SH 437). Both parts of SH 437 received posted route numbers in the early 1930s, with the Front Street segment becoming part of NY 102 . The route also continued west over locally maintained roads in order to connect to NY 24 at both ends. NY 102's alignment has not been altered since.

</doc>
<doc id="5874603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874603" title="Bearing an Hourglass">
Bearing an Hourglass

Bearing A Hourglass is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony. It is the second of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series.
Plot introduction.
Norton accepts the position of incarnation of Time and continues his life living backwards in time.
Plot summary.
Some time in the future (as evidenced by technology in use that is much more advanced than in the first story), Norton—a man of about forty—is living a life of nomadic wandering when a ghost named Gawain asks him to father a child to his widow, Orlene, with whom Norton eventually falls in love. Gawain then asks Gaea, the Incarnation of Nature, to make the child in his own likeness so his bloodline would continue. Unfortunately, the child ends up dead due to a disease that runs in Gawain's family. Orlene then commits suicide.
Feeling depressed about the disastrous results of his affair with Orlene, Norton is approached by Gawain again, who offers Norton the position of Time (Chronos), where he must rule over all Earthly aspects of time. Gawain explains to Norton that Chronos lives backwards in time until the moment of the birth—or conception, it is never made clear—of the office holder's previous self, who is still living forwards. The ghost baits Norton, explaining to him that, by living backwards, he can continue to see Orlene, since she is still alive in the past. Norton accepts, and Gawain leads him to the spot where the future office holder of Time, Norton's predecessor, will pass the hourglass onto Norton.
Norton immediately starts literally living life backwards in time, though he can temporarily go forward to interact with others. However, when he is living backwards, he is not visible to mortals. Norton experiments with his hourglass, recognised by all the Incarnations as being the most powerful magical device in the world, to halt and/or reverse time, travel many millions of years into the Earth's past, and work with the Incarnation of Fate, who needs his hourglass to help fix tangles in her threads of fate.
Because Norton lives backwards in time, his past is everyone else's future, making him an isolated character even among the other Incarnations. He also realises that this will make it impossible to have a relationship with the forward-living Orlene. He does, however, have an affair with Clotho, the youngest aspect of Fate. This is both awkward and intriguing to Norton since her past is his future.
At his new residence in Purgatory, Norton is then visited by Satan, who informs Norton that while he can travel anywhere in time with his hourglass, he cannot leave Earth. Satan claims to have the power to travel the whole universe, since evil permeates all of reality, and gives Norton some samples of this ability by having him travel to other planets where, Satan claims, time flows backwards, allowing Norton to live normally and to get involved in both a space opera ("Bat Durston and the BEMS") and an epic fantasy adventure. Satan offers Norton the ability to have that power if Norton will grant Satan a favour; to go back in time 20 years and save a man from committing suicide.
Norton goes back in time to check out this young man, but after consulting with the other Incarnations, he is informed that this man is the current office holder of the Incarnation of Death (Thanatos—in other words, Zane, from the previous novel) and that it is Zane's attempted suicide that brought him to that position. This man is needed as Thanatos to protect his girlfriend, Luna Kaftan, from Satan's mischief so she can go into politics and fulfill a prophecy of thwarting Satan.
However, a relic Satan had given Norton turned out to be a demon in disguise. When Norton went back in time, the demon disembarked a few years in the past to prevent Luna from going into politics (the demon gives an incumbent politician an antidote to keep him alive so Luna doesn't take his place). Due to some of the limitations of the hourglass, intercepting this demon is difficult, but Norton eventually manages to stop it.
Not giving up, Satan tries one more time by trapping Norton on one of the other planets he had an adventure on. Not sure how to get back home, Norton starts toying with the hourglass, travelling all the way back to the beginning of the observable universe and all the way to its end (from the big bang to the point where all matter became trapped in black holes) and realises that, since the Incarnations' magic does not extend beyond Earth, his adventures on other planets were illusions created by Satan, and that Norton had, in fact, never left Earth.
Norton then finds out that the demon that created the illusion had been attached to him and, once again, disembarked at a point in the past, two years after the events of the first book, to begin a campaign to discredit Luna so she doesn't run for office. Norton then goes back in time to this point and uses his hourglass to show the world all the bad things that will happen if Luna doesn't get elected. As Norton is no longer fooled by Satan's illusions, Satan stops trying to exploit him.
Time's Accouterments.
The Hourglass.
Time's hourglass is recognised as the most powerful single item any Incarnation possesses, and it is all Chronos needs. It has an incredibly large variety of functions, all controlled by Time's will. It can move Chronos forward or backward in time, reverse his personal time to allow him to interact with others, and pause time for himself or his local area (which is not a true stasis, as most of the world continues as normal. How this syncs up is never explained, it is simply magic). He can reverse time temporarily in an area, which simply rewinds a scene without the mortal participants being aware of it, which allows him to choose another course for it. He can also choose to put the entire world into stasis, or even reverse time for the entire world, which he is forced to do at one point. In addition, Time's hourglass is also his method of travel. By selectively moving himself slightly out of sync with the Earth's rotation and orbit as he travels in time, he can use it to travel in space. This travel is, of course, failsafed to not allow him to end up in deep space or inside a wall or the earth itself. Time's Hourglass cannot be broken or lost, as any attempt to leave it behind will simply cause it to float at the same relative distance it was released. It can, however, be folded up for easy storage, and it still functions just as well.
Time's Robe.
Much like the other Incarnations, Time's Robe protects him from any kind of physical harm. Like the other incarnations, he is immortal and cannot be killed before it is time to pass on the office. Anything attempting to attack him would be immediately aged into oblivion upon contact. His robe is also the default area for his personal time flow, though he can of course expand it to bring other things along with him when he travels.
Sning.
While not an official device of Time, Sning is a valuable companion to Norton throughout his career. A demonic, though benign, creature, it takes the form of a ring in the shape of a snake (where it gets the name Norton gave it, standing for SNake rING). While not omniscient, Sning has an incredible amount of information, and appears to be able to learn many things about creatures just by touching them. It can respond to any question asked of it by squeezing the wearer's finger – one squeeze for yes, two for no, three for uncertainty, complex answers, or inability to answer (for example, if the asker foolishly poses a non-yes/no question). It can also answer with squeezes representing a number, though Sning is actually quite bad at math, much to its embarrassment. In addition, it is capable of coming alive briefly, scouting an area, and reporting back. While alive, it is approximately six inches long, though it is shown that he can grow, and also poisonous. Its poison is strong enough to make a creature the size of a man sick for several hours, but not to kill.
Sning has a long and complex history, originally belonging to Mym, the prince fated to become the Incarnation of War. He later gave it to Orb, the eventual Incarnation of Nature, when they were forced to part, who gave it to her daughter Orlene, the eventual Incarnation of Good. She eventually bestowed it to Norton as a gift. Despite being in the possession of four major incarnations, Sning was actually only named by Norton and he was the only one to use him during his actual time as an Incarnation.
Method of Transfer.
Time, because of his nature, is the only Incarnation that is actually required to pass along his office at an exact schedule. Though time can travel to any period, he cannot actually interact with the world outside the span of his own lifetime. Thus, as he lives backwards, when his lifetime is up he must pass on the office to an heir. Though he has some ability to plan the transfer, the exact timing and the fact that he lives backwards means he has very little ability to actually enact it. He is forced to simply leave the Hourglass and hope whoever he has set up to take it does so. The Hourglass will entice those around it to pick it up, for there must be an Incarnation of Time, but it does not always go smoothly. There is one instance mentioned where the proposed new officeholder refused the position, and it fell to a nearby seven-year-old boy who happened to pick up the Hourglass. Again, though the position would appear to be gender neutral, it is traditionally held by a male.
Time's Dominion.
Time is responsible for scheduling all human events to make sure everything runs smoothly, and the natural laws like cause and effect are honoured. He works most closely with Fate, helping her to fix crossed threads, caused by human error or simply random chance. He also schedules notable births and deaths, important events in people's lives and in history, and makes sure the flow of time remains stable when it is bent, as it is by his allowance that the other Incarnations are also capable of local timestops. He is also responsible for guaranteeing that the course of history flows as it should. As Time, he is immune to paradox, and to the possibility of multiple futures. Should actions occur to change the course of the future, his memories will change with it. However, typically his original memories are accepted as the desirable ones, as one of his major tasks is to make sure it does not get changed around without adequate reason. This is, of course, why he lives backwards – he would be unable to properly deal with making the future happen as planned if he was unaware of the plan.
Literary significance and reception.
Jackie Cassada in the Library Journal review says that "Amid weighty and often convoluted speculations about the nature of good and evil, time and space, and magic and science, Anthony's irrepressible humor asserts itself in unexpected ways. Far from being grim – or even allegorical – this sequel to "On a Pale Horse" will appeal to Anthony's large readership."

</doc>
<doc id="5874610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874610" title="Louella">
Louella

Louella a German female name meaning "young girl warrior"
Louella may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5874617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874617" title="With a Tangled Skein">
With a Tangled Skein

With a Tangled Skein is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony. It is the third of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series.
Plot introduction.
Niobe agrees to become one of the three aspects of the incarnation of Fate, in an attempt to thwart the plans of Satan.
Plot summary.
Set around the time of World War I, a young Irish (21) woman named Niobe has a marriage arranged for her by her parents. Her husband-to-be is a teenage boy (16) named Cedric Kaftan. She considers him too immature for her, but can find no way out of the marriage. Although Niobe at first hates being married to a "child", Cedric's good nature, kind heartedness, and desire to make his wife happy and safe win her over, and she soon falls madly in love with her husband. Cedric shows that he is an intellectual prodigy. With some prodding and nurturing from his wife as well as from his mentor, Cedric accepts a scholarship to attend college and hone his magical abilities. As he matures and finds his niche in magic and wetland studies, he and Niobe have a child: Cedric Jr. With a bright future certain, and wizardry greatness assured, life in the Kaftan house was happy indeed. Sadly a few years later, Cedric learns of a plot to kill Niobe. Seeing no way to avert it, Cedric leaves school, goes home to Niobe, hastily puts his affairs in order, and sets in motion the only way he can save his wife's life... by taking her place. On the fateful morning, Cedric wakes up to make love to his wife one last time, kisses her goodbye and goes into the woods to face his destiny. Awakened by gunshots, Niobe learns her husband is assassinated as part of a plot by the agents of Satan. She learns not only of the plot, but that she, and not her husband, was the real target. Upon learning this, Niobe's hatred for having her husband's life cut short, makes her vow to make Satan pay.
She is invited to join as an aspect of the incarnation of Fate, three women sharing one physical body. Eager to thwart Satan's plans and to avenge Cedric, she leaves her child with Cedric's cousin and becomes Clotho, the youngest aspect of the three Fates. The three Fates weave the tapestry of life and have disposition over the length of human lives and the pattern they produce. Clotho, the youngest, spins the threads from the substance of Void; Lachesis, the middle aspect, measures the threads and Atropos, the oldest, cuts the thread of each individual human. When she takes the aspect of Clotho, Niobe must journey to the edge of the Void without aid from the other Fates and replenish her stock of thread-material.
Because Incarnations do not age, Niobe spends many years as Clotho. She frequently visits her son, who has befriended Cedric's younger cousin, Pacian. Because her lack of ageing would be noticed, she takes the form of the grandmotherly Atropos, pretending to be a concerned family friend. One day, the Fates take the two boys to a fortune teller, who gives them disturbing news—each of the boys will have a daughter who will oppose a tangle in the threads of life. However, one of the girls is fated to marry Death, and the other is fated to marry Evil.
Niobe leaves the office of Clotho and returns to mortal life to marry Pacian, who has matured while she was in office. She gives birth to a daughter they call Orb, at around the same time that her son, who is now a powerful magician, has a daughter called Luna. The two girls grow up together under the magician's protection. At one point the girls and Niobe go on a quest for powerful artefacts that will enhance their natural talents, and Satan takes the opportunity to send demons against them. Although one of the girls is to marry him, he is not interested in a wife who is not evil. Niobe helps the girls to get through safely, though, and Satan's plot comes to nothing.
One year after the events of "On a Pale Horse", the middle-aged Niobe is asked to join the Incarnation of Fate once again, this time as Lachesis. Satan has arranged to have all three women leave the office at the same time, thus making the Incarnation of Fate inexperienced in all three aspects simultaneously. The current office-holders hope to use Niobe's previous experience as aspect of Fate as an ace in the hole to prevent Satan's current plot from coming to fruition.
They learn that Satan plans to cause political turmoil in the UN by having one of his minions plant a stink-bomb. They are forced to waste time by investigating the likely minions one by one, but in the meantime Satan is offering ageing political candidates a chance at renewed youth, and the opportunity to start over in their careers, in exchange for their resignation from office. He plans to replace them with his own minions, who would work against Luna. The three Fates realise that their inexperience is a liability, so they seek help. They learn that Niobe's son, the magician, can help them—unfortunately, he is now in Hell. Satan cannot prevent them from searching for the magician, but he can make the quest very unpleasant and one of them must risk her own soul in the process. Niobe is worried that Satan will cheat, so she arranges for the Incarnation of War to supervise the contest.
Niobe leaves the Fates' collective body and goes to Hell. She must beat Satan's challenge—a puzzle-maze—to get the answers she is looking for. At the end, she finds her son, but Satan has cast an illusion over him. She puzzles out the answer anyway—that Satan's plot can be stopped by the Atropos aspect of Fate: Atropos can cut short the lives of Satan's minions, making his plot futile. Niobe wins the game and is allowed to leave Hell freely.
Fate's Accoutrements.
The Thread of Life.
Fate's primary concern is with the threads that govern mortal lives. As Clotho, she spins them from the Void of Chaos, as Lachesis, she measures and places them, and as Atropos, she cuts them. She can create travel-threads at will, sending them out and travelling along them wherever she wishes, as well as "Read-Only" threads to allow her to check that everything is running smoothly. In addition, an invisible web of them surrounds her at all times, protecting her from harm, as like some Incarnations, she cannot be killed.
The Tapestry.
The Tapestry of life is an immeasurably enormous tapestry, containing all the threads of life from the beginning of time to the end, chronicling all of human existence. Fate's task is to build and maintain the tapestry, though like all of the Incarnations, she has a staff that handles the routine issues – there is simply too much for her to do it all herself. The Tapestry has many unusual properties – its main one being that it does not function as something only half complete. It does not end where they are working on it, but simply fades into the future, or becomes impenetrably tangled and impossible to read. Correcting these tangles is what takes up much of Fate's time, in addition to working with Chronos to schedule where in the tapestry each thread should be anchored and where it should be cut. A semi-physical form of the Tapestry resides in Fate's Abode, but it is merely a representation – the true Tapestry is so massive and complex as to be incomprehensible except at a very specific level. As such, the Tapestry can only be harmed indirectly, by altering individual events – the Tapestry as a whole remains largely untouchable.
Method of Transfer.
Of all the incarnations, Fate's transfer is the simplest and the easiest. It is also unusual in that when an Incarnation of Fate steps down, she is actually returned to mortal world, rather than being sent on to Heaven or Hell. The only other Incarnation who follows this is Nature. Fate's transfers, however, are completely voluntary on all sides. When one of the Aspects of Fate decides she is tired of being an Incarnation, she chooses an appropriate successor and offers them the job. If they decline, she picks another. If they agree, the exchange is as simple as a handshake. Like all the Incarnations, Fate favours a particular gender, though she is one of only two (the other being God) that is actually shown as using both, as at one point a male Atropos is picked. However, due to the fact that they share one body and the discomfort it might cause the other incarnations, who sometimes dally with Clotho, he disguises himself as a woman.
Literary significance and reception.
In a review for the Library Journal, Jackie Cassada says that "With a Tangled Skein" is "full of logic puzzles and mazes to unravel, this latest novel by the prolific Anthony will please his many fans."

</doc>
<doc id="5874620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874620" title="Himani Shah">
Himani Shah

Himani Shah, Former Crown Princess of Nepal (born October 1, 1976) is the wife of the former heir apparent to the throne of Nepal, Crown Prince Paras.
Biography.
Himani was born in India the daughter of Raja Bikram Singh of Sikar and Rani Bipula Singh ("née" Kumari Bipula Singh of Bajhang) and she is from the royal family of Sikar state in Rajasthan. She is a Surya Vanshi - Shekhawat Rajput. 
Himani married Paras, ousted Crown Prince of Nepal on 25 January 2000. Her husband was appointed Crown Prince of Nepal on October 26, 2001, meaning she became the Crown Princess amidst various royal protocols. They have three children. 
Honours.
National Honours;

</doc>
<doc id="5874622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874622" title="Wielding a Red Sword">
Wielding a Red Sword

Wielding a Red Sword is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony. It is the fourth of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series.
Plot summary.
Mym, an Indian prince, defies his father's plans for an arranged marriage, instead joining a travelling circus. He meets Orb, who teaches him to overcome his own handicap of a terrible stutter through song. He is soon discovered, and his father arranges for him to marry a princess by the name of Rapture of Malachite. After fighting against this for days on end, he finally realises that Rapture is worth loving, and so concedes to the marriage. However, a plot to separate him from her results in his decision to become the Incarnation of War.
Through the course of living as Mars, Rapture takes up a life of her own and decides that she does not need him any more. Satan arranges, subtly, a demoness for his new companion, hoping to get Mars in his debt that way. In the end, this backfires and he ends up with two loves in his life.
His ultimate goal was to use his position to ameliorate some of the suffering being caused by war on Earth, and is surprised by Satan's encouragement. Soon he realises the subtle importances of human war and conflict: under certain circumstances, human suffering is increased, not decreased, by abstinence from armed response. Satan's plan is to have an inexperienced office-holder in the position of the Incarnation of War, such that he can manipulate the course of armed conflicts on Earth, allowing some wars through and blocking the progression of others, such that the overall balance of evil in the world is increased.
He accomplished the replacement of the previous Mars by facilitating the cessation of all conflict in the world—not only war, but bar brawls and even minor squabbles between children counts as conflict—every time this happens in history, the Incarnation of War retires and passes on into the afterlife. Mym stepped into the office at a time when global violence was just being recommenced, and thus became an opportunity for Satan to manipulate a naïve Mars.
Part of this process was a plot by which Satan managed to trap Mym in Hell. Mym eventually led a revolution of the lost souls and secured an escape route, employing lessons from Miyamoto Musashi's famous treatise, "The Book of Five Rings", to defeat Satan in a one-on-one battle. However, during his absence, Satan has manipulated the geopolitical situation such that international tensions everywhere are at an all-time high, and the world is on the brink of apocalypse.
This results in virtually every government everywhere adopting martial law, as normal democratic process is eminently non-viable. A result of this, and an important objective for Satan, is that Luna Kaftan has become sidelined, unable to fulfill the prophecy that she would rise into political office and stand as a bulwark against Satan.
Mym realises Satan's underlying objective, and forces a confrontation on terms unfavourable to Satan—he travels to the Doomsday Clock, a signifier of how close the world is at any given time to Armageddon, and there employs the powers specific to his office to escalate world violence and bring War to ultimate fruition—Judgement Day.
The crux is this: that Satan is not yet ready for the Final Judgment to happen, as the current balance of souls on Earth is favourable to God—i.e. God would get a greater proportion of the souls, signifying (in this fictional universe) the ultimate victory of Good. At the very last minute, Satan is forced to concede and withdraw. Mym lowers his Sword and returns the world to a state of relative peace.
Mym learns that his responsibility as War is not to promote war and violence, but to make sure that conflicts are handled fairly.
War's Accoutrements.
The Red Sword.
Much like Chronos, War has one major artefact, the Red Sword of his office. It allows him to travel, freeze local time, and represents his office much like Time's Hourglass, in that it cannot be lost or put aside. Like Death's Scythe, it is a magical weapon capable of cutting through any substance. Its true power, however, is to amplify conflict, and make people naturally inclined to follow War, facilitating his ability to stir up battle wherever he so chooses.
The Four Horsemen.
War is one of the few incarnations with a retinue. He is accompanied by four horsemen (in addition to having his own horse, Werre): Conquest, Slaughter, Famine, and Pestilence. They are minor Incarnations, not nearly as powerful as the seven major players. It is not made clear whether they are also mortals serving an office or something else entirely. They are usually supplied with some general idea of what is going to happen and whether it is important, but it is nearly always incomplete – most of the work remains up to War himself.
The Doomsday Clock.
The Doomsday Clock is a massive clock that can be controlled only by war, counting down the time until midnight – a figurative representation of the Apocalypse. The higher the world's tensions, the closer it will show. War has the power, however, to intensify these tensions and force the Apocalypse, the final battle that will wipe out humanity. However, this power is mostly contained in the Red Sword, with the Doomsday Clock only representative of the current situation, rather than actually causing it.
Method of Transfer.
War's method of transfer is unique in several ways. For one, he is the only Incarnation that takes breaks between officeholders – there are short periods where he is simply not needed. And secondly, the Red Sword in fact chooses the new candidate, rather than the previous officeholder. War is forcibly retired the instant that there is no war left on Earth, anywhere. With worldwide peace, his office is no longer necessary, and he is sent on to Heaven or Hell. As soon as a new war begins, however, the Red Sword activates once more and seeks out an appropriate officeholder. It looks for those with warrior training, proficient in strategy and weapon use, who is both a member of one of the sides in the newly declared war, and who desires the position – measured by rage and bloodlust at the time of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="5874627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874627" title="Maui (Tahitian mythology)">
Maui (Tahitian mythology)

In the mythology of Tahiti, Maui was a wise man, or prophet. He was a priest, but was afterwards deified. Being at one time engaged at the marae (sacred place), and the sun getting low while Maui's work was unfinished, he laid hold of the hihi, or sun-rays, and stopped his course for some time. As the discoverer of fire, Maui was named "Ao-ao-ma-ra'i-a" because he taught the art of obtaining fire by friction of wood. Before this time people ate their food raw. (Tregear 1891, 194, 235). See also Mahui'e, Tahitian guardian of fire.

</doc>
<doc id="5874629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874629" title="Being a Green Mother">
Being a Green Mother

Being A Green Mother is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony. It is the fifth of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series.
Plot summary.
It is discovered that young Orb, the Aunt of Luna, has the gift of conjuring natural music that emanates from things in nature. She sets off on a quest for a magical song known as the Llano, a song supposed to be the most beautiful imaginable. During the beginning of her search, she meets and helps a young Gypsy girl who was blind, teaching her song and dance as such most men never see. She also joins up with a circus for a short time, meeting there the man that would later become War, and realising after his unwanted departure that she is pregnant with his child. Upon having his child, she takes the baby, the young Orlene, to her Gypsy friend with the understanding that the woman would find her daughter the best possible home.
Later on, she joins up with a rock and roll band. Her magical singing allows them to lose their drug addictions, and they quest together until she is approached by her mother, Niobe (who had left her office to have her with Pacian, thus effectively making Orb the aunt of Luna as well as her cousin through their fathers), in the guise of Fate. She is told that she has been selected to fill the role of Nature (Gaea), but that a prophecy foretells that she may one day marry Satan.
Satan, attempting to fulfill the prophecy, kidnaps Orb and attempts to use magic to compel Orb to marry him. She frees herself with the help of Natasha, a man who has also been seeking the Llano and has learned much of it. Natasha continues to teach her the Llano as they defend themselves from Satan's attacks. Orb learns that the Llano has the power to control Nature and that she must learn it to assume her position. She also finds herself falling in love with Natasha and decides to marry him.
All is not as it seems, however, as Natasha reveals that he is Satan in disguise ("Natasha" is "Ah, Satan" backwards) and has been attempting to court her according to the terms of an agreement he made with Fate: He will be allowed to court Orb without interference from the other Incarnations, but everything he says to Orb must be a lie, or part of a greater construct of lies, until he proposes marriage, when he must reveal the truth.
Orb rejects Satan's proposal, and demands that he teach her the final part of the Llano, the Song of Chaos, which she needs to become Gaea. He does so, but warns her that it is a powerful weapon and its effects are unpredictable. She sings the Song of Chaos and it results in devastation on a global scale. The previous Incarnation of Nature then tells her that the only thing that he knows that might reverse its effects is the Song of Chaos itself. She tries singing the song three more times, and each time only results in more destruction. The destruction came in the form of the four elements—Fire, Air, Earth, and Water—so if she sings the song a fifth time, it would appear in the form of the fifth element, Void, and erase the Earth from existence, returning all of existence to primeval Chaos. Thus, the Song of Chaos is Gaea's ultimate weapon; it will unmake all of reality, and Heaven, Hell and the mortal universe will return to the fundamental chaos from which they sprang.
Desperate, Orb turns to the other Incarnations for help. Chronos tells her that he can go back in time and stop her from singing the Song of Chaos, but he needs the consent of all the other incarnations to do it. The only one who objects is Satan, who says that he will only give his consent if Orb agrees to marry him. Orb, faced with the impossible choice hinted at in the prophecy, declares "God help me, but I do love Satan" and agrees to the wedding.
Chronos changes the past, and Orb honours her agreement. The wedding takes place in Hell, and Satan puts on a grand ceremony. As their wedding vows, the two each sing a song to the other. Orb sings a section of the Llano (the Song of Evening—also known as the Song of Love) which is meant to evoke romantic love, but Satan, surprising everyone, sings a variation of the hymn Amazing Grace—and vanishes. Singing a song forbidden to him, Satan abdicates as the Incarnation of Evil as a demonstration of his feelings for Orb. Having fallen in love with a good woman, Satan can no longer continue to hold the office of the Incarnation of Evil.
Nature's Accoutrements.
Unlike the other Incarnations, Nature does not appear to have any tools of office. Each Nature is apparently different in how they wield the immense power of the office, but it is always shown as inherent, rather than because of any magical items. Nature simply is. Orb, however, uses the Llano, the ultimate song, to control her magic. It can do everything from allowing her to travel to letting her control the elements to healing the blind or the sick. Nature's power is over all life, and she is referred to several times as the most powerful of the earthly Incarnations (not including God and Satan). Oddly enough, however, she is the only Incarnation who does not appear to be able to stop time.
Method of Transfer.
Nature is unique in its transference in that it is the only Incarnation that does not really transfer. One must qualify to be Gaea, and needs to have near-Incarnation level power already just to assume the office. Once that occurs, they can simply will themselves into being the new Gaea, if the previous Incarnation allows it. Like Fate, the previous Gaea does not go on to the afterlife, but returns to the mortal realm.
Literary significance and reception.
Jackie Cassada in the Library Journal review says that "This conclusion to one of Anthony's most popular series abounds with the author's love for logical conundrums and coy humor."

</doc>
<doc id="5874630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874630" title="Bolshoy Ussuriysky Island">
Bolshoy Ussuriysky Island

Bolshoi Ussuriysky Island (), or Heixiazi Island (), is a sedimentary island at the confluence of the Ussuri and Amur rivers. It is divided between the People's Republic of China (PRC) and Russia. It has an area of about 327 to 350 km² and is bounded closely by Yinlong Island (Tarabarov Island), and over ninety islets (in Chinese, Heixiazi may refer only to the large island or to the island group collectively). Its position at the confluence of the Amur and the Ussuri and right next to the major Russian city of Khabarovsk, has given it great strategic importance.
History.
Until 2004, Bolshoy Ussuriyskiy Island was the site of a territorial dispute between China and Russia. The Soviet Union occupied Bolshoy Ussuriyskiy and Yinlong Islands in 1929, but this was not accepted by China. While Russia governed the islands as a part of Khabarovsk Krai, China claimed them as a part of Fuyuan County, Heilongjiang province; the easternmost part of China.
The difficulty in settling this dispute involved competing interests between Russia and China. To settle the boundary with along the lines claimed by China would have moved settled parts of the city of Kharbarovsk into China. However, to grant the island to Russia would have put the boundary along a waterway that is not navigable by large ships restricting Chinese ability to move ships along the Amur.
On October 14, 2004, the Complementary Agreement between the People's Republic of China and the Russian Federation on the Eastern Section of the China-Russia Boundary was signed, in which Russia agreed to relinquish control over Yinlong Island and around half of Bolshoy Ussuriysky. About 170 square kilometres of Bolshoy Ussuriysky was transferred to China, while the rest will remain in Russia's jurisdiction. In return, China agreed to drop all territorial claims to the remainder of Bolshoy Ussuriysky kept by Russia and received the right to navigate ships along the main channel of the Amur.
Geography.
The total area of these territories in the Khabarovsk region is approximately 340 square kilometres. The two sections make up less than two per cent of the China–Russia border, which stretches to some 4,300 kilometres and is one of the longest land frontiers on the planet.
The Chinese section of the island is part of Fuyuan County, Heilongjiang. The Russian section is part of Khabarovsky District of Khabarovsk Krai.
Agreement between Russia and People's Republic of China.
In 2005, the Russian Duma and the Chinese National People's Congress approved the agreement. On July 21, 2008, an agreement was signed in Beijing by the Chinese and Russian Foreign Ministers, that finalized the border demarcation and formally ended negotiations. Under the agreement, Russia would transfer approximately 174 km² of territory to China. The transfer took place on October 14, 2008. The area being transferred to China is largely uninhabited.
Controversy.
The agreement has met with controversy on both sides of the border. In May 2005, Cossacks in Khabarovsk demonstrated against the loss of half of Bolshoy Ussuriysky. In return, some Chinese commentators, especially the media in Hong Kong, Taiwan and overseas which are outside the control of PRC government censorship, criticized the PRC government for signing the agreement, which they regarded as sealing as permanent the loss of former Chinese territory, such as Outer Manchuria, to Russia.
The government of the Republic of China on Taiwan (ROC) has never recognized border treaties signed by the PRC with other countries. Therefore the ROC still formally claims all parts of the Heixiazi Islands.
According to a 2002 study by Akihiro Iwashita, a Japanese specialist on Slavic relations, “Most of Khabarovsk’s local elites, in particular military, considered the islands of strategic importance since they fenced off Khabarovsk from China. If the border was drawn, relying upon the ‘main channel principle’, the two islands would have passed to China. This is why the Soviet Union insisted on the legal exceptionality of the two islands in its negotiations with China during the late 1980s, while strengthening its de facto control of these islands”.

</doc>
<doc id="5874638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874638" title="For Love of Evil">
For Love of Evil

For Love of Evil is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony. It is the sixth of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series.
Plot summary.
Parry, an orphan, is taken in and is accidentally adopted by a wizard who teaches him the benefits of white magic and how it can be used to help others. A musician and adept white magician, Parry plans on following in his father's footsteps when he is encouraged by his father, the sorcerer, to take a bride. Parry selects Jolie, seeing her potential despite her ragged appearance. Using his unique singing talents, Parry convinces Jolie that he means no harm. Taking her in, Parry and his father begin to teach Jolie the ways of wizardry and they begin to fall in love. With his father's blessing, Parry and Jolie wed and are about to start a life of bliss when they are attacked by crusaders of Christianity. Parry's father is killed in the attack and Parry escapes in bird form while his wife Jolie had gone ahead to warn her parents to go to the pre-determined hidden shelter. Unfortunately by the time Parry gets to town to check on his wife, she has been taken prisoner by the crusaders, who capture Parry himself shortly after he arrives. Working in conjunction with his wife, since he possesses a magical second sight, he frees them both but not before Jolie is slain by the dying Captain who was going to rape her. Taking off in horse form with Jolie strapped to his back, Parry arrives at the shelter and tries to heal her wounds but is lacking in medical supplies to save her. Parry watches as his wife dies in his arms. Due to special circumstances, Jolie's soul cannot immediately go to Heaven, so at Parry's request, Thanatos binds her spirit to a drop of blood on Parry's wrist. Vowing vengeance, Parry thinks the best way to escape from the villagers is to hide in plain sight, so he joins a monastery for sanctuary as well as a means to destroy the enemy. Soon after joining the Franciscan monks, Parry discovers that a new order, the Dominicans, are being formed with the express purpose of rooting out evil and heresy. Because of his keen mind and magical prowess (which he uses in secrecy), he becomes a feared inquisitor. During one of his many trips to stop Lucifer's campaign of Evil, Parry succumbs to the temptation of his ghostly wife Jolie inhabiting a physical body, thus violating his oath of celibacy.
As retribution, Lucifer sends forth Lilah (alternately known as Lilith), a demoness, to corrupt him. By using the toehold of his broken oath of celibacy and his own feelings of sexual desire and guilt, Lilah corrupts Parry to Evil. His intense desire for Lilah eventually leads him to corrupt the Inquisition itself. Upon his deathbed, Lucifer attacks Lilah; with his last vestige of strength, Parry manages a magical counterattack against Lucifer, saving Lilah. Lucifer, taken off guard, is defeated. Though Parry's magic was far weaker than that of Lucifer, his spell was able to work because Jolie's good spirit (which still resided in the drop of blood on Parry's wrist) was immune to Lucifer's powers. As a severely weakened Parry lays dying with only moments to live, Lilah tells him to claim the office before it finds a different successor, as well as to name the form he would like to assume (he chooses his body at the age of 25). Parry, not understanding what she's asking of him and wanting to honour this last wish before he succumbs to death, does as Lilah requests, and is suddenly transformed into the new Incarnation of Evil and takes the name Satan. (It is later explained that if no one claims the office, it seeks out the most qualified person for that position. So if Parry hadn't claimed the office as Lilah had told him, it would have found the most evil person on earth to take Lucifer's place.)
In "For Love of Evil", several scenes from the previous books (as is the case with all the books in the series with respect to their Incarnations) are shown from Parry's point of view. Parry also does not believe himself to be evil, but is simply fulfilling his function as an Incarnation. It is rather ironic that Parry is not actually evil, but all of the other Incarnations (Thanatos, Gaea, Chronos, Mars, and Fate) naturally expect him to be. Parry wants to defeat God so that he can create a better way to separate the good souls from the bad, and he takes no pleasure in causing unnecessary suffering in the mortal world (the other Incarnations obviously believe that Parry's reasons for wanting to defeat God are more nefarious). In fact, Parry, as a personal favour to YHWH (the incarnation of the God of the Jews, called JHVH in this book), manages to prevent the Holocaust from happening.
Upon taking office, Parry approached the other Incarnations in good faith, but was rebuffed and/or humiliated by them since they allied with God. Only Chronos offered friendship. This led to Parry being enemies with many of these Incarnations and their successors. Parry was friends with several holders of the office of Chronos, but eventually the Chronos officeholders became hostile to him as well.
Parry also attempted to meet with the Incarnation of Good to figure out how to best sort out which souls belonged in Heaven and which in Hell (Parry had no desire for souls that didn't belong in Hell to be there), but was not successful. The Incarnation of Good was too busy contemplating his own greatness to pay any attention. Instead he strikes a bargain with the Archangel Gabriel: if Parry cannot corrupt one influential individual or her children or grandchildren to shift the balance of the world to evil, he must give up his quest. That individual was Niobe Kaftan—meaning Parry had to wait six centuries before he could act.
Later Parry meets Orb, Niobe's daughter who is slated to become the next Gaea, and decides to court her in the hope that he could later take advantage of Gaea's powers to defeat God. The other Incarnations oppose Parry's plan, but eventually they all come to an agreement: the other Incarnations promise not to interfere with Parry's courtship of Orb if he tells her the truth about his identity prior to asking her to marry him. Posing as a mortal named Natasha, Parry manages to win Orb's heart. When she becomes Gaea, he reveals to her that he is the Incarnation of Evil and asks her to marry him. In a fit of rage, Orb nearly destroys the world with her powers, and to undo that destruction, she needs Parry's help. Thus she agrees to marry him, and even admits that she still loves him despite his true identity. At the wedding Parry surprises everyone by singing Amazing Grace, which causes him to vacate his office. With no one to take his place, the office automatically goes to the most evil person on earth, a cruel murderer and child rapist. After a battle of wits, Parry eventually reclaims his office, to the relief of the other Incarnations who prefer Parry's doctrine of necessary evil over the murder-rapist's sadism. The Incarnations come to realise at the end that Parry is not truly evil in the traditional sense; rather, he works to facilitate evil on earth because that is a necessary part of the process to determine whether souls belong in Heaven or Hell.
Unable to consummate his marriage to Orb due to their offices being traditionally opposed, Parry initially becomes depressed. But then the spirit of Jolie co-inhabiting the body of Orb comes to him one night and explains that he and the two loves of his life can occasionally spend time together as long as they do so in secret. In the end, Parry is happy and resumes his duties as the Incarnation of Evil.
Evil's Accoutrements.
Evil functions quite differently from the other Incarnations, and like Nature, does not really have tools of the office. He does, however, get full control of Hell and a veritable army of demons to do his bidding. His only real secret is that of the demon-banishing spell, which keeps him in power – namely, that there is no such spell. The demons' belief that the spell exists is a lie that must be maintained, else it would undermine his power. As such, he is aided nearly exclusively by liberal use of his silver tongue. However, in most cases Evil does have an significant amount of "magical" power available to perform various tricks and effects.
Method of Transfer.
Evil is much like Death in its manner of transferring power, though with one major exception: It has a break-in period and accompanying test. One becomes the Incarnation of Evil by vanquishing the previous Incarnation, but after that there is a 30-day trial period, where the new Incarnation must learn the secret of controlling demons – namely, that mortals can't control demons and the only way through is to bluff. Should the new Incarnation fail to figure this out, the previous one has a chance to reclaim his office.
Literary significance and reception.
Jackie Cassada in the Library Journal review said "In his most ambitious work yet, Anthony tackles sensitive moral issues with his customary high spirits."

</doc>
<doc id="5874644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874644" title="Nova Scotia Route 236">
Nova Scotia Route 236

Route 236 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located in Hants County and Colchester County, connecting Brooklyn at Route 215 with Truro at Highway 102/Trunk 2.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5874648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874648" title="Maui (Mangarevan mythology)">
Maui (Mangarevan mythology)

In Mangareva, Maui hauls the land up from the sea, and ties the sun with tresses of hair. His father was Ataraga; his mother, Uaega. 
There were eight Maui: Maui-mua, Maui-muri, Maui-toere-mataroa, Tumei-hauhia, Maui-tikitiki-toga, Maui-matavaru, Maui-taha, Maui-roto. Maui the eight-eyed (matavaru) is the hero. He is born from his mother's navel, and is raised by his grandfather, Te Rupe, who gives him a magic staff named Atua-tane, and a hatchet named Iraiapatapata (Tregear 1891:236). 

</doc>
<doc id="5874649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874649" title="And Eternity">
And Eternity

And Eternity is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony. It is the seventh of eight books in the Incarnations of Immortality series.
Plot summary.
In the seventh novel of the series, three women—the ghost of Jolie, the ghost of Orlene (daughter of Orb), and a fifteen-year-old drug-addicted prostitute named Vita—try to discover a way to restore the life of Orlene's baby, Gawain II, who had died as a result of a severe birth defect inflicted unknowingly by Gaea at the request of the child's ghost father Gawain. Nox, the mysterious Incarnation of Night, promises to help, but she needs a specific item of great value from each of the other Incarnations in order to resurrect the baby. The three women set out to meet with each of the other seven Incarnations of Day.
In the process of obtaining the items, they conclude that the definitions of Good and Evil used to classify souls as destined for Heaven and Hell are flawed. Orlene's soul had been denied access to Heaven because she committed suicide in a futile attempt to help her baby. Vita meets and comes under the protection of an older male judge; they fall in love and have sex, but this too is considered Evil, because Vita is below the legal age of consent. The three women eventually succeed in gaining the item from each one of the Incarnations, with the exception of God, the Incarnation of Good, who has become obsessed with his own greatness and is completely unresponsive to the outside world.
Reporting their discovery to the other Incarnations, they all conclude that God has been derelict in his duty and must be replaced so that the eventual triumph of Evil can be prevented. Luna Kaftan, now an influential Senator, begins a campaign to impeach God and declare the office of the Incarnation of Good vacant. Thus, the final conflict between Good and Evil becomes a political one, fought with words and votes in the halls of a legislature, and not by armies on a battlefield.
Despite Satan's efforts, Luna's campaign succeeds, and a mortal must now be chosen to become the new Incarnation of Good. However, the replacement must be selected by a unanimous vote of all the other Incarnations, including Satan himself—and why would the Incarnation of Evil approve a candidate who would effectively promote the cause of Good? Each Incarnation, in turn, nominates a mortal for the position. (Gaea's nominee happens to be the same judge that became Vita's lover.)
After all the other Incarnations make their suggestions, to their complete amazement, Satan nominates Orlene, whose soul had become exactly half evil as a result of choices none of the other Incarnations were willing to condemn. The other Incarnations immediately agree that Satan has made the best possible choice, and they unanimously declare Orlene to be the new Incarnation of Good.
Therefore the girls find that Nox had set up the items from the other Incarnations to help Orlene take the place of God and in doing so, become God herself. In return, Orlene allows Nox to keep Gawain II as she will no longer be able to care for him and the child is content with the Incarnation of Night.
Good's Dominion.
As Orlene does not ascend to be the Incarnation of Good until the very end of the novel, almost nothing is revealed about how God operates, what his specific powers are, or what his actual job entails. Nor is his normal method of transference revealed, as he is quite literally impeached. However, it is likely that he carries on much the same duties as Satan, merely in the sake of finding Good, rather than Evil.
Literary significance and reception.
Jackie Cassada in the Library Journal review says that "This grand finale to one of the author's most popular series showcases Anthony's multiple strengths: high humor, appealing characters, serious themes, and a surprising - although, in hindsight, inevitable conclusion. "

</doc>
<doc id="5874663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874663" title="Grand Orange Lodge of Scotland">
Grand Orange Lodge of Scotland

The Grand Orange Lodge of Scotland is an autonomous body that organises the Orange Institution in Scotland. An exclusively Protestant organisation, based along Freemasonic lines, the Grand Orange Lodge of Scotland is a (now) relatively minor entity advocating unionism in Scotland and the continuance of the United Kingdom. Out of a Scottish population of over 5 million people, it claims only 50,000 members, all of whom are Protestants predominantly drawn from the Scottish Lowlands,
The Grand Orange Lodge of Scotland is made up of four County Grand Lodges: Ayrshire-Renfrewshire and Argyll, Central Scotland, East of Scotland and Glasgow. From these County Grand Lodges Orangemen and Orangewomen are elected to the organisation's governing body.
In a July 2001 interview with the Sunday Herald, Jack Ramsay, the General Secretary of the Grand Orange Lodge of Scotland, stated that if Scotland became an independent country "the Orange Order would become a paramilitary force, if you like. It obviously implies a recourse to arms".
On 24 March 2007 around 12,000 Orangemen from Scotland and other countries of the United Kingdom took part in a procession to celebrate the 300th anniversary of the Acts of Union 1707 and marched through Edinburgh's Royal Mile. This culminated in a rally where its leaders warned members of the danger of the Scottish National Party breaking up the UK. The Grand Master of the Grand Orange Lodge of Scotland, Ian Wilson, said that "the Union has been good for Scotland and will continue to be good for Scotland".
The Orange Order, after decades of decline in Scotland, made a short-lived recovery in its membership between 2006 and 2009. In October 2009 the Orange Order declared its strong opposition to the Scottish National Party and Scottish nationalism. Traditionally supportative of the Scottish Conservative Party, the Orange Order in Scotland vowed to support unionism even if that meant turning their coats and aiding their political opponents the Scottish Labour Party in Scottish and UK elections.
The Grand Orange Lodge of Scotland is the traditional point of contact in Scotland for Ulster loyalists from Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="5874664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874664" title="Ti'iti'i (Samoan mythology)">
Ti'iti'i (Samoan mythology)

In Samoan legend, Ti'iti'i is the son of Talaga. He goes down to the earthquake-god, Mafui’e, who dwells in the underworld, and, receiving some fire from him, takes it back to the world, and begins to cook. Mafui’e then comes and blows on the fire, scattering it, and breaking up the oven. Ti'iti'i angrily seizes Mafui’e, and they have a wrestling match, in which Ti'iti'i is victorious. As the price of freedom, Mafui’e reveals the secret of fire, telling Ti'iti'i that he will find it in every piece of wood he cut. Since then people have had cooked food. In Samoa however, Ti'iti'i does not snare the sun as Maui does elsewhere; instead, a woman called Mangamangai becomes pregnant by looking at the rising Sun, and a child is born, who is called “Child of the Sun.” He and his mother are dismayed by the rapidity of the Sun's journey, so he makes a noose, catches the Sun, and makes him promise to go more slowly (Tregear 1891:235).

</doc>
<doc id="5874670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874670" title="Maui (Tongan mythology)">
Maui (Tongan mythology)

In Tonga, Maui drew up the Tongan Islands from the deep: first appeared Lofaga and the other Haapai Islands, and finally Vavau. Maui then dwelt in Tonga. Maui had two sons: the eldest, Maui Atalaga, and the younger Kisikisi. The latter discovered the secret of fire, and taught people the art of cooking food: he made fire dwell in certain kinds of wood. Maui bears the earth on his shoulders, and when he nods in sleep it causes earthquakes, therefore the people have to stamp on the ground to waken him. Hikule'o, the deity presiding over Pulotu, the underworld, is Maui's younger brother. Houga is pointed out as the spot where Maui's fish-hook caught (Tregear 1891:235-236).
Other sources say that in Tonga there were three Maui brothers: Maui-motua (old Maui), Maui-atalanga, and Maui-kisikisi (dragonfly Maui), the last one being the trickster. He also got the name Maui-fusi-fonua (Maui land puller) when he begged the magic fishhook from the old fisherman Tongafusifonua, who lived in Manuka (Sāmoan: Manua). Tongafusifonua allowed him to take the fishhook, under the condition that he could find it in his collection of countless hooks. But his wife, Tavatava betrayed the secret, allowing Maui to pick the right hook. And so he was able to fish up the coral islands from the bottom of the ocean. (Volcanic islands are supposed to have fallen down from heavens.

</doc>
<doc id="5874673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874673" title="Härlanda">
Härlanda

Härlanda is one of the 21 "stadsdelsnämndsområden" of Gothenburg Municipality in Sweden, situated to the east of the city centre. To the east of Härlanda lies Partille Municipality, and to the south Härryda Municipality. In Gothenburg Municipality it borders Örgryte to the west and Kortedala to the north, across the stream Säveån. 
It is largely a middle-class, residential area and mostly consists of apartment blocks built before 1960. 
Geography.
Härlanda borough is composed of four officially-defined residential districts:
Demographics.
Härlanda has approximately 20 000 inhabitants, divided into 11 100 households, therefore a large proportion of the households are considered as small. Over 800 of the inhabitants are foreign citizens born abroad, and a further 130 are foreign citizens but born in Sweden. Almost 1500 inhabitants of Härlanda are first generation immigrants.
Places of interest.
Härlanda Park is a defunct prison where the local administration resides. It is now a listed historical building.
Härlanda Tjärn is during the summertime a popular place for sunbathing, and during the winter for ice-skating.
Brudaremossen masts located in the Deljön nature reserve.
Sports.
Härlanda is home to the football club Qviding FIF which currently plays in Superettan, the second highest league in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="5874683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874683" title="The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus">
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus

The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus is an American alternative rock band that formed in Jacksonville, Florida, in 2003.
History.
2003–2004: Early years.
Originating in Florida, childhood friends Ronnie Winter and Duke Kitchens started the band while attending an AP music theory class, in 2001. The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus was officially formed in 2003 after the addition of other members that were currently in other bands. The band name, 'Red Jumpsuit Apparatus', was chosen by the band voting for random words they threw on a wall.
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus worked with Vision Sound studios in Orange Park, Florida, which released a "6 song EP CD that was spread throughout different cities to promote the band in 2005". The band also began to become more popular as they used certain social media (Myspace) to advertise their music. While popular in their local scene, the band found it difficult to secure label support. This is why the band had taken time to write songs for a "period of 18 months before they went into the live scene." As they continued to increase live shows and performances, Red Jumpsuits' fan base continued to build to an almost unheard-of level for a local band. This escalating fan base attracted Jason Flom of Virgin Records in 2005 where they then started to work on their first album.
2005-2007: "Don't You Fake It".
In 2006, they released their first LP, "Don't You Fake It", with the singles "Face Down", "False Pretense", "Your Guardian Angel", and "Damn Regret".
The album was certified gold on November 27, 2006 by the RIAA for sales shipments exceeding 500,000 copies. In February 2007, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus headlined the US Take Action Tour organized for the prevention of youth suicide, along with bands such as My Chemical Romance and Rise Against.
Their song "In Fate's Hands" is featured in the video game "Madden NFL 07", their song "Face Down" is featured in the video games "Saints Row 2" and "", and their song "False Pretense" is featured in the movie "Never Back Down".
From 2006-2008 the band did several headliner and supporting shows with bands like Thirty Seconds to Mars, Madina Lake, The Audition, Saosin, Scary Kids Scaring Kids, Taking Back Sunday, Lorene Drive, The Used, Monty Are I, Amber Pacific, Boys Like Girls, Halifax, Emery, A Static Lullaby, and So They Say.
The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus "Don't You Fake It" Deluxe Edition (CD/DVD) was released on February 23, 2007. The CD features the album and two exclusive songs, an acoustic version of "Face Down" and a never released out of Australia bonus track "Disconnected".
On May 3, 2007, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus performed on Fort Rucker, Alabama to help benefit the rebuilding of Enterprise High School after it was destroyed by a tornado on March 1, 2007.
Also, in May 2007, the band's single, "Face Down", was featured in the movie Georgia Rule.
In a 2007 interview with the Florida Entertainment Scene, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus teamed up with Virgin Records to raise funds for the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence. They also headlined the Take Action! Tour which sponsors awareness against teen suicide,against animal cruelty, and domestic violence.
"In Fate's Hands" was used in "Madden NFL 07" as well as the 2007 EVER OSL "Starleague (Ongamenet)". Additional songs used during that OSL season were "Waiting" and "Atrophy".
2008-2009: "Lonely Road".
In June 2007, according to Billboard.com, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus began to work on their second album, "Lonely Road", that had "a tentative release date being summer 2008." The band was then pulled out of their confirmed appearances at the Australian Soundwave festival tour 2008, after their label president promised to pay money that was owed and have the band in the studio, but instead didn't pull through.
In April 2008, the band began an acoustic tour on the east coast in various locations with the group Amaru, who is from the same home town. Ronnie said that the tour felt like they were "Getting back where we all started."
After pulling out of the 2008 Soundwave festival, the band took part in the line-up for 2009.
On September 30, 2008, the band announced in a Myspace blog that on October 3, they would be premiering a demo version of a song from the upcoming album. The song was to be available a day earlier for members of the Red Jumpsuit Apparatus "Alliance" fan group. However, the studio of the song "Pen and Paper" was released to members of the "Alliance" fan group on October 9, and was released on the band's Myspace the following day. Another song, "You Better Pray", the first single from "Lonely Road", was premiered worldwide on PlanetRadio1073.com for free listening beginning on October 21 and began streaming the next day on the band's Myspace page.
Their second studio album, titled "Lonely Road", was released on February 3, debuting in the fourteenth spot in The Billboard 200, and was produced by Howard Benson (My Chemical Romance, Daughtry, Less Than Jake, Hoobastank, P.O.D., The All-American Rejects, Seether, Cold).
Beginning in October 2008, Matt Carter had replaced former guitar player Elias Reidy. Carter was seen working as a tech for the band in the winter and spring of 2008. He had previously jammed with the band before, but decided to pursue something else. Matt was asked to take his spot and has agreed to play with The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus. In an interview with a Jacksonville newspaper, Ronnie was asked whether or not Matt was officially in the band, to which he responded, "I don't know. I guess he's in the band. We're taking it slow."
In support of this album the band has done many tours in the Winter of 08/09 and the Spring of 2009 with bands such as Shinedown, Framing Hanley, Tickle Me Pink, and more.
On March 20, 2009, the band released an EP titled "Shock Session", featuring acoustic versions of "Pen & Paper", "You Better Pray", and "Face Down".
At the end of May 2009, they announced along with Hollywood Undead, Mest, and The Sleeping that they would be doing a summer tour for the months of June and July, playing mostly club and small venue shows. They rejoined Monty Are I for an August 2009 tour throughout Canada and California.
2010-2012: "The Hell or High Water EP" and "Am I the Enemy".
On January 29, 2010, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus announced via their Twitter page that they would have a new EP out in late July/August.
In February 2010, the band parted ways with their label Virgin Records, citing the poor promotion of "Lonely Road". They decided to release music independently. According to lead singer Ronnie Winter, "At this point we want to stay completely 100% independent for as long as possible." The first such song was "Valentine," which was released for free on Valentine's Day, February 14, 2010.
On June 22, 2010, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus announced via Myspace blog that their upcoming EP release would be titled "The Hell or High Water EP", and that the first song from it, "Choke", would be released on June 28, 2010 as a free download. The EP was recorded in the band's studio in Middleburg, Florida, and was mixed and mastered by Paul Lapinski.
This was their first release following their departure from Virgin Records and it was released on August 24, 2010. The full-length album following the EP will be out in early 2011.
The music video for the first single from the EP, "Choke", premiered at purevolume.com on August 25, 2010 in support of the EP's release. It was the first part of a three-part series of music videos, followed by "Don't Hate" and "Hell or High Water". The story depicted in each of the videos shows the band members killing record executive-type personnel, running from the police, and then dying in the final video. The series was meant to send a message against violence to their fans and that "violence solves nothing."
In November 2010, the Red Jumpsuit Apparatus entered the studio to record their third full-length album, "Am I the Enemy", finishing in December 2010 with producer John Feldmann. The album's first single, "Reap", was released via YouTube on March 24, although the song itself was not released to iTunes until April 26. The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus later released two other songs from their new album on their YouTube channel, "Salvation" and "Fall from Grace". A June 7 announcement on the band's Facebook page said the new album "Am I the Enemy" will be released on August 30, 2011 containing twelve songs.
On July 11, 2011, lead singer Ronnie Winter announced that guitarists Duke Kitchens and Matt Carter had left the band "to focus on their personal lives", with longtime Red Jumpsuit Apparatus fan Josh Burke joined after meeting them at a show in Syracuse. This was followed by a YouTube video on July 17 welcoming Josh Burke as the official lead guitarist of the band replacing Matt Carter. Ronnie's brother, Randy Winter, was later added as the second guitarist filling-in for Duke Kitchens.
In mid-October, drummer Jon Wilkes decided to depart from the band in order to "...pursue new things and make a living" as a producer. According to Wilkes, he left the band on good terms and wishes them the best. He was replaced by Kristopher Comeaux while the band was touring.
On April 21, 2012, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus performed at the ICI Center in Daytona Beach, Florida. They were hosted by Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University.
The band was the musical headline for the People Awakening and Uniting For Liberty Festival held on August 25, 2012 at the Florida State Fairgrounds.
Their lead single from "Am I The Enemy", “Reap”, was one of the official theme songs for the WWE Hell in a Cell pay-per-view event on October 28, 2012. On February 27, 2013, the single "Am I the Enemy" hit number 1 on the U.S. Christian Rock Billboard charts.
2013-present: "Et Tu, Brute EP" and "4".
A recent blog posted on the band's purevolume page announced that this year marks the ten year anniversary of the band. On March 15, 2013, the band released a new EP entitled "Et Tu, Brute?". The EP was produced by David Bendeth (producer of "Don't You Fake It"). Prior to its release, the band released two of the songs on their page.
On October 11, 2013, the band revealed their fourth studio album, titled "4", was 'coming soon' via their Facebook page. They also revealed that David Bendeth would be producing the lp.Three days later, again through Facebook, the band announced Matt Carter was returning to the band and would be playing lead guitar for "4".
On January 1, 2014, The band announced that "4" will be released July 4, 2014. As well as the rest of the band's discography.
2014 copyright controversy.
In April 2014, the band allegedly violated the copyright of photographer Rohan Anderson by posting one of Anderson's images to Facebook without permission or credit, cropping out the watermark and degrading the image quality. When Anderson contacted the band about the violation, the band responded poorly and threatened to ban him from their future concerts. When Anderson posted updates on the situation on his personal website, the band invited their Twitter followers to attack the photographer using the hashtag "#rohanisatool". The tweet was later deleted. Eventually, the band apologized for the infringement, made payment for the photograph and claimed it was all a misunderstanding. Furthermore, the band responded by announcing that their entire discography would be available for free online on July 4, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5874689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874689" title="South Asia Co-operative Environment Programme">
South Asia Co-operative Environment Programme

The South Asia Co-operative Environment Programme, also known as SACEP, is an inter-governmental organisation established in 1982 by the South Asian governments to promote and support protection, management and enhancement of the environment in the region. 
== 
1. The Governing Council (GC)
The GC is the principle review and deliberative body of SACEP and is responsible for determining its policy and programmes. It consists of one representative from each member state who will be of Ministerial portfolio and as per Articles of Association, should meet annually. Since becoming a legal entity in 1982, up to date Twelve GC meetings and Three Special Sessions of the GC had been held. 
2. The Consultative Committee (CC)
The CC is responsible for facilitating the implementation of policies, strategies and programmes approved by the GC and provides guidance to the Secretariat in its activities. It consists of representatives of diplomatic missions of the Member States residing in Colombo. 
3. National Focal Points
Each Member State has designated a National Focal Point to facilitate the work of the Secretariat and to function as the main communication link between the Secretariat and the respective country. NFPs are expected to implement and monitor national programmes in co-operation with the Secretariat.
4. Subject Area Focal Points (SAFP)
The Subject Area Focal Points are expected to co-operate with the secretariat in project identification, formulation, implementation and monitoring. The country, which is responsible for a particular subject area, designates a center of excellence for the subject and appoints a liaison officer. 
5. The Secretariat
The Secretariat consists of the Director General and professional, administrative and supporting staff. The secretariat is based in Colombo, Sri Lanka and is under the patronage of the Sri Lankan Government.

</doc>
<doc id="5874691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874691" title="Hell on Wheels (song)">
Hell on Wheels (song)

"Hell on Wheels" is a disco song performed by American singer-actress Cher from her sixteenth studio album, "Prisoner". It was written by Bob Esty and Michele Aller and produced by Esty. It was released as the album's first and only international single in late 1979. The song was also added to the "Roller Boogie" soundtrack in 1979. Lyrically, the track is about "follow what you like". 
"Hell on Wheels" initially received mixed reviews from critics, but in 1999 Randy Cordova from "The Arizona Republic" praised the song, calling it a "roller-disco anthem". Cher starred in one of the very first music videos, a short film that Casablanca Records wanted to promote her single with. After releasing the promotional film, Cher began making music videos. 
Background.
According to J. Randy Taraborrelli 's biography, "Hell on Wheels" was recorded because Cher admitted to being a roller-skating fanatic. The single was released with "Git Down (Guitar Groupie)", a song from the album "Take Me Home" on its B-side. Both songs were released as a 12" extended version and both version are not yet released on CD. 
In 1979, "Hell on Wheels" was included in original motion picture soundtrack to the film, "Roller Boogie" as the track number one. After the released of the soundtrack album, "Hell on Wheels" was released in Japan with a different artwork, featuring a photo of Cher bottom center, taken from the "After Dark" magazine, and with a still of Linda Blair and Jim Bray. The song was released with "Git Down (Guitar Groupie)" on its B-side. Strangely "Git Down (Guitar Groupie)" in the Japanese single was a "Theme from Roller Boogie", despite the song never appeared in the movie or in the soundtrack album. 
Despite a worldwide commercial release, "Hell on Wheels" did not manage to achieve any success other than charting only on the Billboard Hot 100, and peaking at a disappointing number fifty-nine. "Hell On Wheels" was also her last hit for Casablanca Records.
Critical reception.
"Hell on Wheels" received mixed reviews from critics. The review of the "Los Angeles Times" newspaper describes the song as the best cut of the album and noted "'Hell on Wheels', latches onto the roller-skating craze as tenaciously-and stylishly-as the Beach Boys latched onto surfing. Joel Flegler of the "Fanfare Magazine", while was reviewing the "Roller Boogie" soundtrack gave a negative review for all the songs, using the word 'worse' in reference to the length of the album. Another critic said that every song of the album have the same rock influence, and about the song said that is "her trendy roller-disco effort".
Music video.
The video for "Hell on Wheels" was tough for Cher to shoot. She was required to skate down steep, mountainous roads while sporting a broken arm. In the video, Cher is roller skating and being followed by a huge truck driven by two men which use the maximum speed of the truck to catch up with her. Following this, Cher convinces many people with different types of transportation to follow and take a ride with her. 
"Hell on Wheels" was Cher's first professional video. Some consider "Take Me Home" to be her first professional clip, though this was lifted from her highly rated 1979 TV special "Cher...and Other Fantasies". "Hell on Wheels" is one of the 1970s pioneer music videos to be produced in the MTV style before MTV itself existed, and now its considered to be one of the first modern music videos. 
The video was premiered on the late night NBC television show "The Midnight Special". Promotional clips were also shown during a 1979 interview with Phil Donahue on "The Phil Donahue Show". Despite that "Hell on Wheels" was her first official music video released it was never released on her best video collection.

</doc>
<doc id="5874698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874698" title="Razi University">
Razi University

Razi University (in Persian: دانشگاه رازی) is a university based in Kermanshah, Iran.
It is also a centre of CFD (Computational Fluid Dynamics), Membrane Research, and Nanoscience and Nanotechnology in the west of Iran.
Presently the University has over 8,000 students, with several programs Bachelor's degree programs (B.A., B.S.), Master's degrees programs (M.A., M.S.) and Ph.D. programs.

</doc>
<doc id="5874710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874710" title="2,3-Dimercapto-1-propanesulfonic acid">
2,3-Dimercapto-1-propanesulfonic acid

2,3-Dimercapto-1-propanesulfonic acid (abbreviated DMPS) and its sodium salt (known as Unithiol) are chelating agents that form complexes with various heavy metals. They are related to dimercaprol, which is another chelating agent.
The synthesis of DMPS was first reported in 1956 by V. E. Petrunkin. The effects of DMPS on heavy metal poisoning, including with polonium-210, were investigated in the following years. DMPS was found to have some protective effect, prolonging the survival time.
A study was undertaken of DMPS use by workers involved in the production of a calomel skin bleaching lotion and in direct contact with mercurous chloride and that already showed elevated urine mercury levels. The sodium salt of DMPS was found to be effective in lowering the body burden of mercury and in decreasing the urinary mercury concentration to normal levels.
DMPS administrated to a mercury poisoned
animal model failed to remove the mercury from
tissues and reduce the inorganic mercury
burden in the
brain.
A 2008 study reported a case of Stevens–Johnson syndrome (SJS), a potentially serious disease, in a child undergoing chelation therapy with DMPS; the SJS resolved gradually after the chelation therapy was stopped.

</doc>
<doc id="5874713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874713" title="List of people from Peshawar">
List of people from Peshawar

This is a list of notable people from Peshawar, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="5874715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874715" title="Northbrook High School">
Northbrook High School

Northbrook High School (NHS) is a high School in Spring Branch, Houston, Texas. The school is one of four high schools that are part of the Spring Branch Independent School District.
History.
Northbrook High School was established in 1973 at Spring Woods High School's Campus in the T-Shacks. Northbrook High School's Campus opened during the 1974-1975 school year to ease overcrowding at Spring Branch and Spring Woods High Schools. When a dwindling student population caused Spring Branch High School to close in 1985, Northbrook took in a large number of Spring Branch students.
Northbrook was named a 1988-89 National Blue Ribbon School.
In 2005, Northbrook received 'Academically Acceptable' as the Texas Education Agency Accountability Rating.
Football.
Northbrook has never been to the playoffs in football in the school's history. The best football record was set during the 1981 season with a 7-3 record under then Head Coach Bob French who was the Offensive Coordinator for the '78 Texas 4A State Champion Stratford Spartans. The Raiders first Head Coach was Horace "Buzzy" Allert. He was head coach from the school's first season in '74 until the '79 football season. He was forced to retire due to knee problems he obtained during his playing days in the NFL and CFL. Coach Allert finished his career at Northbrook with a 28-29-3 record, with his best season record at NHS was a 6-3-1 in '75 & '76. After Coach Allert, Coach Bob French came in from Stratford two years after being part of the '78 Stratford Coaching Staff. Bob French finished his career at Northbrook with a 27-29-4 record, with his best season at NHS being the school record 7-3 in '81. After French came Coach Howell Ferguson, whom finished his career at NHS with a 20-38-1 record, with his best season being in '88 with a 6-3 record, Northbrook's 2nd best season ever. One game was cancelled due to Hurricane Gilbert. The '88 team fell one game short of the state playoffs by losing to Katy 21-9 late in the season. Coach Hernandez followed after Ferguson and finished his career at NHS after only 3 seasons with an 11-19 record; his best season at NHS was a 6-4 record in '93. L.P. Jones took over at Northbrook in '95 and stayed until '98 finishing at NHS with an overall record of 10-30, with his best season being a 4-6 in '97. Pat Alvarado took over at Northbrook from '99-'05. Alvarado finished his career at NHS with a 9-61 record with his best two seasons being in '00 & '01 with a 3-7 record. After going 0-10 for two consecutive seasons in '04 and '05 the Northbrook Raiders led by new head coach Craig Cripps went 2-8 in '06 and improved in '07 with a 3-7 record and in '08 finished 1-7 after two games were cancelled due to hurricane Ike.Cripps finished his career at NHS 6-22 After coach Cripps' departure to district rival Stratford, the Raiders finished the '09 season 0-10 led by new head coach Ron Rogers. In 2010 the UIL announced that Northbrook along with district rivals, Spring WoodQs and Stratford, would all go down to class 4A. Northbrook was placed in district 17-4A along with Stratford, Spring Woods, Brenham, Montgomery, Waller, Magnolia, and Magnolia West. In their first season in 4A the Raiders finished the 2010 season 2-8. Ron Rogers finished his career at Northbrook with a 2-18 record. He was replaced by former offensive coordinator Dave Cope.
Soccer.
The Northbrook Raider boy's soccer program has enjoyed some success in the last 14 seasons under Coach Justin Wheeler. The Raiders have earned playoff appearances in 1999, 2000, 2003, 2004,2007, 2011,2012 and 2013. They were district champions in 2000, 2004 2007, 2011 and 2012. They were a regional quarterfinalist in 2003 and a Regional Champion and 5A State Semi-Finalist in 2004. The Northbrook boy's soccer team competes in district 42AAAA along with Spring Woods, Stratford, Kingwood Park, Humble and Kingwood Summer Creek.
Feeder patterns.
The following elementary schools feed into Northbrook High School 
The following middle schools feed into Northbrook High School:

</doc>
<doc id="5874716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874716" title="Princess Prerana of Nepal">
Princess Prerana of Nepal

Princess Prerana Rajya Laxmi Devi Singh (born February 20, 1978) is the only daughter of Gyanendra, the last king of Nepal, and Queen Komal. 
Princess Prearana married "Kumar" Raj Bahadur Singh, the son of Navraj Bahadur Singh and Usha Devi Singh on January 23, 2003. The wedding, a large social event, took place at Narayanhity Palace; the bride wore a red sari weaved with gold thread. 
Princess Prerana and her husband have one son, Parthav Bahadur Singh, born October 10, 2004.
Abolition of monarchy in Nepal.
The Monarchy in Nepal was abolished in 2008 after the Constituent Assembly election.
Honours.
National Honours;

</doc>
<doc id="5874727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874727" title="Lives of the Saints">
Lives of the Saints

Lives of the Saints is a novel by Nino Ricci. The author's first book, it forms the first part of a trilogy. The other two novels are "In a Glass House" and "Where She Has Gone". "Lives of the Saints" was first published in 1990 and was the winner of the 1990 Governor General's Awards for fiction.
Synopsis.
Film.
Vittorio Innocente's father, Mario, has immigrated to Canada, though originally believed to be America, to pave the way for the rest of his family to come. Little Vittorio doesn't understand why the neighbours disapprove of his mother, but suspects it has something to do with the man she was with in the stable on the morning she was bitten by the snake. But it becomes clear that it is Cristina’s independence of mind and rejection of superstition that offend the peasant values in this remote village in post-war Italy. In the miniseries, Vittorio seeks comfort from his teacher, Aunt Teresa ""La Maestra"", who unlike the neighbours, sympathizes with Vittorio, and consoles him. Aunt Teresa hides Cristina when she becomes visibly pregnant while her husband is away, and helps Vitorrio understand life through stories in a book she gave him called "Lives of the Saints", while in the novel Zia Lucia (Aunt Teresa) is a completely different character from ""La Maestra"". Cristina and Vittorio depart to Canada to meet Mario, but the Cristina dies on the ship giving birth to Vittorio's sister, Rita. Rita has bright blue eyes like her father, which serves as a constant reminder of Cristina's affair.
Novel.
The book focuses on the unspoken affair Cristina Innocente is having with the "blue-eyed man" (Vittorio first sees when at the stable with the snake). Ever since the incident with the snake, Cristina is scrutinized by the townspeople as a "whore" who is sleeping around while her husband, Mario, is working and sending her money from America. Cristina has become pregnant and Vittorio, her 7-year-old son, remains oblivious to the entirety of the situation until much later in his life. Cristina's scrutiny leads to the isolation of the Innocente family: her father resigns as mayor and Vittorio is bullied; not to mention, Mario was informed of Cristina's pregnancy. The townspeople's ruthless treatment leads Cristina to leave the town of Valle del Sole with Vittorio. The townspeople assume it is to meet with Mario, but hinted that Cristina had actually made plans with the "blue-eyed man". It is never clear as Cristina dies on the boat to America, but the blue-eyed man does pay Vittorio a visit in the infirmary in Canada, so one may assume this. Vittorio then lives his life on his own from then.
Television adaptation.
In 2004, in the novel was adapted into a television miniseries, entitled "Lives of the Saints", in an Italian-Canadian co-production starring Sophia Loren, Fabrizio Filippo, Jessica Paré, Sabrina Ferilli, Kris Kristofferson and Nick Mancuso. The miniseries has earned six nominations and won three awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5874734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874734" title="Mindware Studios">
Mindware Studios

Mindware Studios was a video game development company, founded in Prague in 2002. The company's first game, "Cold War", was a minor success in the EU and was published in North America by Canadian games publisher DreamCatcher Interactive. Mindware Studios was closed in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5874745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874745" title="Charles Brandon">
Charles Brandon

Charles Brandon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5874748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874748" title="Brent Hobba">
Brent Hobba

Brent Hobba (born 10 March 1982) is an Australian professional basketball player. From Western Australia, he stands 205 cm and plays forward. He used to play for the South Dragons, having played in 2005-06 with the Perth Wildcats.
Hobba still plays in the SEABL, along with Vince Inglima, for the Dandenong Rangers (2006 & 2007 premiers). Brent Hobba put up (2005-6) 25 points per game 14 rebounds per game last season.

</doc>
<doc id="5874752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874752" title="Carmel Highlands, California">
Carmel Highlands, California

Carmel Highlands is an unincorporated community in Monterey County, California, United States. It is south of Carmel-by-the-Sea (better known as simply, "Carmel"), at an elevation of 318 feet (97 m). Carmel Highlands is also located just south of the Point Lobos State Reserve, and serves as the northern gateway of the Big Sur coastline along California State Route 1. The real estate in this entire area is some of the most expensive in the United States. Many celebrities have homes and vacation homes in this area. The ZIP Code is 93923, and the community is inside area code 831.
Carmel Highlands was laid out in 1916 by developers Frank Powers and Franklin Devendorf.
Government.
At the county level, Carmel Highlands is represented on the Monterey County Board of Supervisors by Supervisor Dave Potter . In the California State Assembly, Carmel Highlands is represented by Bill Monning as part of the 27th Assembly district. In the State Senate, Carmel Highlands is represented by Sam Blakeslee as part of the 15th State Senate district. In the U.S. House of Representatives, Carmel Highlands is part of California's 17th congressional district, represented by Sam Farr.

</doc>
<doc id="5874776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874776" title="Tadej Valjavec">
Tadej Valjavec

Tadej Valjavec (born April 13, 1977 in Kranj) is a Slovenian former professional road bicycle racer, who last competed for the Sava team. He is well known as a good climber due to his rides on mountain stages in the Giro d'Italia. Although he has achieved relatively few professional wins in his career, he has consistently performed well in the Grand Tours, with three top ten and four further top 20 finishes.
Doping.
On May 4, 2010, Valjavec's name was released as being one of several riders under investigation by the UCI for "irregular blood values". He was provisionally suspended by Ag2r-La Mondiale and pulled from their squad for the impending Giro d'Italia. Team manager Vincent Lavenu stated that should the Slovenian cycling federation sanction him, he would be fired. Valjavec has proclaimed his innocence and claimed an unreported illness is responsible for the values. On July 30, the Slovenian federation officially cleared Valjavec, criticizing the usage of the biological passport in this case stating that it failed to take into account the possible natural reasons for Valjavec's irregular levels. The UCI will likely appeal the case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
On April 22, 2011 The Court of Arbitration for Sport set aside the decision to exonerate the athlete from any doping offense and imposed a two-year ban on him starting on 20 January 2011, as well as the disqualification of all his results obtained between 19 April and 30 September 2009.
Palmares.
9th Overall Giro d'Italia

</doc>
<doc id="5874777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874777" title="Shivadi">
Shivadi

Shivadi (शिवडी) is a village in the Niphad Subdistrict of the Nashik District of Maharashtra, India. It is situated on the bank of river Wadali (sometimes known as Vinata) and on Niphad–Chandwad connecting road. It shares border with Niphad in south, Ugaon in North, Khede in west and North-West and Sonewadi Bk in East. The population of this farming community is slightly over 2000. Major crops include grapes, sugarcane, onions, vegetables, wheat, jwar, bajra, ground nuts, and pulses. The town is well known for its skilled grape-farm labour. Though there is a scarcity of water in the farm land, farmers have access to irrigation supported by Kolhapur-type bonds and wells. A few of the larger farmers also make use of irrigation siphons. In town, the Gram Panchayat, primary school (up to seventh grade), a farmers co-operative society, a co-operative and milk dairy can be found, along with three privately run cold storage units for grapes and other agricultural produce. The village is in vicinity of both of the taluka's sugar factories.
Temples and Festivals.
There is famous and big Shri Ram temple, and also other Hindu temples dedicated to Shiva, Hanuman, Shani, Laxmi, Vetal, Khandoba, and Mauli Aai. Publicly celebrated festivals are Ram Navami (the birthday of Ram, which falls on the ninth day of first month of Hindu calendar), Holi, and Dhulivandan (which falls on the full moon of last month of Hindu calendar), Baiil Pola (the Bull's Festival, which falls on the new moon of holy month of Shravan). There is a weeklong Ram/Vishnu Naam Saptaha (continuous chanting for a week) celebration in the month of Chaitra, the first month of Hindu lunar calendar of Shaka Era.
Village annual fair happens on Chaitra Ekadashi (eleventh day of first month of Hindu lunar calendar following Shaka era).
History.
Once, the village was gifted to the bodyguards of the daughter of Maratha Queen Ahilyabai Holkar of Indore as a salary. This family moved to Indore some years back, but remains of their large "wada" (residence) can still be seen in the town.
Recently the temple of Lord HANUMAN is being developed using citizen donations and funds.

</doc>
<doc id="5874795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874795" title="George Frederick Wright">
George Frederick Wright

George Frederick Wright (January 22, 1838 – April 20, 1921) was an American geologist and a professor at Oberlin Theological Seminary, first of New Testament language and literature (1881 – 1892), and then of "harmony of science and revelation" (until retirement in 1907). He wrote prolifically, publishing works in geology, history, and theology. Early in his career he was an outspoken defender of Darwinism, and later in life he emphasised his commitment to a form of theistic evolution.
Biography.
G. F. Wright was born in Whitehall, New York. He graduated from Oberlin College in 1859 and received an M.A. from Oberlin Theological Seminary in 1862. In 1887 he obtained a D.D. from Brown University and an LL.D. from Drury College. He was made a Fellow of the Geological Society of America in 1890.
In 1861, during the Civil War, he served in the Union army for 5 months.
He pastored Congregational churches in Bakersfield, Vermont (1861 – 1872) and Andover, Massachusetts (1872 – 1881). He then accepted a professorship of New Testament language and literature at Oberlin Theological Seminary. In 1892 he took a newly created professorship in "harmony of science and revelation". In 1907 he was made professor emeritus and retired on a Carnegie Pension. He also frequently lectured at the Lowell Institute.
He was assistant geologist with the Pennsylvania Geological Survey in 1881 and 1882, and with the USGS from 1884 to 1892. He was president of the Ohio Historical Society from 1907 until shortly before he died. His geology interests took him all over the world — Alaska, Greenland, China, Mongolia, Manchuria, Siberia, Turkestan, and the Caucasus and Lebanon mountains — gathering original information for the books he published.
Early in life, Wright arose as a leader of the Christian Darwinists. During his time pastoring in Andover, Wright developed a friendship with Christian Darwinist Asa Gray, and encouraged him to publish more openly on his views harmonizing their common evangelical Calvinist faith with the new biology and geology. He also helped edit Gray's collection of essays, "Darwiniana". Wright apparently believed that humanity might still be an act of special creation, but he otherwise taught that the biblical creation stories were meant to teach theological truths, and thus should not be expected to reveal scientific knowledge. However, after a crisis of faith in the 1890s brought on by Charles Augustus Briggs' higher criticism, he readjusted his views on origins to line up more closely with a literalist reading of the biblical creation stories. In his later writings, including the chapter he wrote for "The Fundamentals", he accepted geologic time, but argued that human origins required divine intervention, and that biological variation extending to form new species would be evidence of design. He stated "By no stretch of legitimate reasoning can Darwinism be made to exclude design. Indeed, if it should be proved that species have developed from others of a lower order, as varieties are supposed to have done, it would strengthen rather than weaken the standard argument from design." That is, he subscribed to theistic evolution.
Bibliography.
Edited:

</doc>
<doc id="5874796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874796" title="Patricia Duff">
Patricia Duff

Patricia Duff is an American political activist and a fundraiser for political and philanthropic causes.
Career.
Duff founded a non-profit, non-partisan organization, The Common Good, in New York in 2007. The organization puts on forums, panels and special events to encourage greater citizen participation in civic life and the political process. Speakers have included national leaders and experts on public policy issues such as Henry Kissinger and Zbigniew Brzezinski on foreign policy; Nouriel Roubini, Alan Blinder, Peter Peterson on economic issues; Governors Kathleen Sebelius and Ed Rendell; Senators Mitch McConnell and Amy Klobuchar on domestic issues, among many other speakers and topics. 
Immediately after graduation from college, Duff first worked on the House Select Committee on Assassinations as Special Assistant to the Chief Counsel, Senior Researcher, and Public Information Officer. Duff then worked with former Presidential speech writer, John McLaughlin, to produce his live political talk radio show. She left to work for the re-election campaign of President Jimmy Carter at the Democratic National Committee and with presidential pollster Pat Caddell. Following her work on that campaign, she was made Vice President of Caddell's firm and worked on many political statewide campaigns and corporate marketing campaigns until she was hired by Bob Squier to join the Squier-Eskew consulting firm as Vice President. 
After working on numerous senate and gubernatorial campaigns, Duff moved in 1984 to Los Angeles to work with the Gary Hart Presidential campaign. Duff was an activist in Democratic Party politics and a number of causes. She was regularly cited in the "Washington Post" and "Los Angeles Times" on politics. She was named a "Rising Star" by the "Los Angeles Times" in 1986 and one of the "Women we Love" by "Esquire" magazine for her work in politics as the "conscience" of the entertainment industry. The New York Social Diary called her "the most high profile entertainment industry-related female political figure in Los Angeles." Although a lifelong Democrat, Duff has also visibly supported Republicans, notably Richard Riordan for Mayor in Los Angeles and Michael Bloomberg for Mayor in New York.
In the late 1980s, Duff started an entertainment industry-related non-partisan political organization called Show Coalition, which became an important element in the nexus between Washington politics and Hollywood and the precursor to The Common Good.
Personal life.
Duff was born in southern California, but grew up in Bonn, Germany and Brussels, Belgium, graduating from the International School of Brussels. Duff received a BSFS degree in International Economics at the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University and studied political science at Barnard College. 
She has been married four times, first to high school sweetheart Thomas Zabrodsky in the late 1970s. She was then married to Washington, D.C. attorney Daniel Duff from 1980 to 1985, and then to Orion Pictures and later TriStar Pictures CEO Mike Medavoy from 1986 to 1994. Duff was also briefly married to businessman Ronald Perelman, with whom she had a daughter, Caleigh, in December 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="5874812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874812" title="Nova Scotia Route 223">
Nova Scotia Route 223

Route 223 is a collector road in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
It is located on Cape Breton Island and runs from Leitches Creek Station at Route 305 to North Side Whycocomagh Bay at Highway 105.
The highway crosses Bras d'Or Lake twice, first at the Barra Strait where the Barra Strait Bridge links Iona and Grand Narrows (until 1993 this was served by a ferry), and then at St. Patrick's Channel using the Little Narrows cable ferry.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5874816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874816" title="Peter Gustafsson">
Peter Gustafsson

Peter Gustafsson (born 17 August 1976) is a Swedish professional golfer. 
Gustafsson was born in Orust, Sweden. He turned professional in 1999.
After just missing out on automatic graduation from the Challenge Tour in 2004, Gustafsson was medalist at the European Tour Qualifying School to gain his place on the European Tour for 2005. In his début season he was runner up in two tournaments, the Jazztel Open de España en Andalucía and the Omega European Masters, and finished in 46th place on the Order of Merit. Despite that, he missed out on the Sir Henry Cotton Rookie of the Year award, which went to Gonzalo Fernández-Castaño of Spain. In subsequent seasons, he was unable to consistently produce those same high levels of performance, and lost his place on the European Tour in 2007.
In 2009, Gustafsson won the Abierto Internacional de Golf Copa Antioquia, the opening event of the Tour de las Américas season, in Colombia, coming from behind in the final round to claim victory by one stroke. He rounded off the season with top five finishes in both the Argentine Masters and the Argentine Open as he ended the year as winner of the Tour de las Américas Order of Merit for 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5874820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874820" title="Oldsmobile Cruiser">
Oldsmobile Cruiser

Oldsmobile used the Cruiser name on three of their station wagons, similar to the way Buick used the Estate name on their wagons.

</doc>
<doc id="5874821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874821" title="Monique Covét">
Monique Covét

Monique Covét (born 14 July 1976 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian pornographic actress and fetish model. From 1998 to 2001, she came to prominence as the star of several features for the Private Media Group, mainly appearing in fetish-oriented films produced by the company's subsidiary Pirate label.
Early career.
By her own account, Monique Covét started her career in the world of hardcore porn almost by accident. After arriving in Paris for what she believed was another series of routine modeling shoots, her agent there recommended her for a Private Media casting session where she met French hardcore director and actor, Pierre Woodman. "They offered me a lead role right away as they said I had star quality", she said. "I am the kind of person who tries everything once. Everyone was so kind to me. I thought that if this is the situation, why not try it?"
In 1995, Covét filmed her first sex scene with Frank Versace on a boat in Sydney Harbour (it is featured on the compilation "Private Video Magazine 21"). Between 1995 and 1998, Covét lived in Germany and worked under contract for the German-based company Helen Duval. "Helen Duval" the production company was originally set up between its namesake, Dutch porn star Helen Duval, and German producer Oliver Chezc. Things eventually went sour between star and producer, and Duval and Chezc parted ways in 1995. At this time, Monique Covét became Duval's replacement and the company continued making movies labelled "Helen Duval". As a result, Covét briefly became known as "Helen Duval" even though she never actually called herself that. Covét's split with the company in 1998 was reputedly not a good one, and a third actress called Drew Berrymore took over the role of "Helen Duval" shortly after.
In 1998, Monique Covét was chosen as the featured star for the first movie of Private Media Group's Pirate Video Deluxe series "Xtreme Desires"; she appears in three of five scenes. After completing the film, she became the first female performer to sign an exclusive contract with Private.
"Pirate Video Deluxe 1: Xtreme Desires" also marked the first of her several notable collaborations with London-based hardcore fetish filmmaker Tanya Hyde, including "Pirate Video Deluxe 5: Tanya Hyde's Twisted Dreams" (1999), "Pirate Video Deluxe 7: Tanya Hyde's London Calling" (2000), "Pirate Video Deluxe 10: Hell, Whores and High Heels" (2000) and "Pirate Video Deluxe 13: Tanya Hyde's Rubberfuckers Rule" (2000).
Later career and life after Private.
After leaving Private in 2001, Covét retired for a year to devote herself to gymnastics, horses and obtaining a driver's license. In 2003 she signed a contract with Boss Films and appeared in her first movie for the company, "Shining Sex", that same year. By 2004, Monique Covét had effectively retired from adult movies.
In recent years, she had been active running her own hardcore production company, the Monique Covét Group, and hosting weekly live sex shows at the Clan Restaurant in Budapest. She continues to make numerous public appearances where she meets with her fans from all over Europe and has said that she may even perform in front of the camera again one day. She has been known to make occasional hardcore appearances online.
Personal life.
Covét has stated that she is bisexual.

</doc>
<doc id="5874827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874827" title="Tiny Moore">
Tiny Moore

Billie "Tiny" Moore (May 12, 1920 – December 15, 1987) was a Western swing musician who played the electric mandolin and fiddle with Western swing legend Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys in the 1940s. 
Born in the Gulf Coast town of Port Arthur, Texas, in 1920, Moore was the first well-known American musician in any genre whose primary instrument was the electric mandolin. While a member of the Texas Playboys from 1946 to 1950, he played Gibson electric mandolins: at first an EM-125, and sometime after 1948, an EM-150. Although these are 8-string mandolins, Tiny used only 4 single strings instead of pairs. This gave his mandolin an electric guitarlike sound. Later, in 1952, he commissioned one of the first American-built 5-string electric mandolins from Paul Bigsby. At the time Moore was playing in a band led by Bob Wills' brother, Billy Jack. The Bigsby 5-string mandolin had single courses of strings (rather than the paired courses on a standard mandolin) and added a low C string to the standard G, D, A and E. This tuning actually gives the instrument a wider range of notes than a guitar. 
Western swing is a hybrid of country, blues, and jazz; Tiny Moore's style of playing draws upon all of these sources. Moore and his Bigsby mandolin were strongly identified with each other for the remainder of his career. The instrument is arguably the most famous electric mandolin in the history of American popular music.
In the mid-1960s he taught group guitar lessons at the local YMCA in Sacramento, California. He taught every style of music from Old Timey folk to The Beatles. He also operated Tiny Moore Music, a music store in Sacramento, and sold copies of the Bigsby mandolin built by Jay Roberts of Yuba City. 
In the 1970s he was part of "The Strangers", which was Merle Haggard's band. During that decade he also made two recordings with David Grisman for Kaleidoscope Records: "Tiny Moore Music" and "Back to Back," a duet album with Jethro Burns.

</doc>
<doc id="5874828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874828" title="Temple (band)">
Temple (band)

Temple is a Christian rock band. The band plays a mixture of original songs from their current record ("Show Me Jesus"), and chart'topping radio hits from bands like Third Day, Jeremy Camp, TobyMac, Casting Crowns, Newsboys, P.O.D., Chris Tomlin, Tree63, Jennifer Knapp, etc. Temple uses strong harmony from Billy and Michelle in nearly all vocal lines, which sets them apart from most other bands. 
Temple has toured the USA playing concerts and festivals and leading worship. They have opened for such artists as Newsboys, Steven Curtis Chapman, Bebo Norman, Tree63, Seventh Day Slumber, and a host of others, they have even toured with Christian Comedian Chonda Pierce. Billy Knott, Michelle Boseck, and James Young attend Snohomish Evangelical Free Church in Snohomish, WA, Kevin Hales attends Damascus Road Church in Marysville WA, Rick Medved attends Turning Point Church in Marysville WA, and Zhaun Dagley attends Christian Faith Center in Federal Way, WA.

</doc>
<doc id="5874833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874833" title="Frank Drmic">
Frank Drmic

Frank Drmic (born 7 February 1978) is an Australian professional basketball player.
Playing career.
Born in Melbourne, Victoria, Drmic held an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship 1994-1995. His career began in the Australian National Basketball League – NBL in 1996, playing with the NBL South East Melbourne Magic. In his rookie season with the NBL South East Melbourne Magic, they won the National Basketball League Championship. Drmic and the NBL South East Melbourne Magic also competed in the 1997 National Basketball League Grand Final Series. 
One of his greatest achievements was winning gold whilst representing Australia at the 1997 U23 World Championships. In 1997 he received the Junior Male Player of the Year Award from Basketball Australia. In 1998 he was selected to represent Australia at the FIBA World Championships in Greece and won silver at the Goodwill Games in New York. 
Seasons 1998–2000 he signed with the NBL Victoria Titans and played in the National Basketball League Grand Final Series for the 1998–1999, 1999–2000 championships. Drmic signed with the NBL Sydney Kings for the 2000–2002 seasons. 
During 2002–2005 he played throughout Europe in the A1 Ethniki Greek Basketball League, Russian Basketball Super League, BLB Belgium Basketball League and BBL Basketball Bundesliga. In 2004 whilst playing in the BBL Basketball Bundesliga League he finished the season as the leading 3pt percentage shooter. 
Drmic returned to the Australian National Basketball League in 2006 and signed with the NBL South Dragons.
His younger brother, Anthony Drmic, is a player for the Boise State University Broncos basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="5874836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874836" title="List of people from Lahore">
List of people from Lahore

Below is a list of people who are known for their association with Lahore. It does not necessarily mean that they were born in the city or were even nationals of the country. See also, List of families of Lahore.

</doc>
<doc id="5874840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874840" title="St. Luke's School">
St. Luke's School

St. Luke's School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5874853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874853" title="Buzz Parsons">
Buzz Parsons

Les "Buzz" Parsons (born 16 December 1950) is a Canadian former soccer player who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder. During his career in North America with the Vancouver Whitecaps, Parsons was affectionately known as "White Shoes", owing to the white boots he always wore. After retiring as a player, Parsons later became a professional soccer coach.
Career.
Club career.
Parsons played youth football in England with Huddersfield Town and Ipswich Town, but he never made a senior league appearance for either team. Parsons returned to Canada to play with the Vancouver Spartans and Vancouver Eintracht, winning the Challenge Cup with Eintracht in 1971. He also played with Vancouver Italia (Columbus FC) in 1972-1974.
Parsons later played in the North American Soccer League for the Vancouver Whitecaps between 1976 and 1982, scoring 17 goals in 106 appearances. Parsons also played indoor soccer during this period for the Los Angeles Aztecs and the Whitecaps.
International career.
Between 1972 and 1980, Parsons represented Canada on 24 occasions, scoring 7 goals in the process.
Coaching career.
Parsons was manager of the Vancouver 86ers, and then the Victoria Vistas of the Canadian Soccer League.
Personal life.
Parsons was born in Burnaby, British Columbia.
In 2003 Parsons was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.
Parsons now lives in Victoria, B.C. playing Over 50's soccer at Gorge Soccer Association

</doc>
<doc id="5874868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874868" title="List of Zoropsidae species">
List of Zoropsidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Zoropsidae as of Nov. 2, 2013.
Akamasia.
"Akamasia" Bosselaers, 2002
Birrana.
"Birrana" Raven & Stumkat, 2005
Cauquenia.
"Cauquenia" Piacentini, Ramírez & Silva, 2013
Devendra.
"Devendra" Lehtinen, 1967
Griswoldia.
"Griswoldia" Dippenaar-Schoeman & Jocqué, 1997
Huntia.
"Huntia" Gray & Thompson, 2001
Itatiaya.
"Itatiaya" Mello-Leitão, 1915
Kilyana.
"Kilyana" Raven & Stumkat, 2005
Krukt.
"Krukt" Raven & Stumkat, 2005
Megateg.
"Megateg" Raven & Stumkat, 2005
Phanotea.
"Phanotea" Simon, 1896
Pseudoctenus.
"Pseudoctenus" Caporiacco, 1949
Takeoa.
"Takeoa" Lehtinen, 1967
Uliodon.
"Uliodon" L. Koch, 1873
Zoropsis.
"Zoropsis" Simon, 1878

</doc>
<doc id="5874874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874874" title="Queen Ratna of Nepal">
Queen Ratna of Nepal

Ratna Rajya Laxmi Devi Shah (born 19 August 1928) was Queen consort of Nepal from 1955 to 1972 and Queen Mother from 1972 to 2008 when the royal family were stripped of all titles and privileges. She was technically the Queen Grandmother of Nepal for three days following the Nepalese royal massacre in 2001.
She is the second wife of King Mahendra of Nepal (1920–1972). Queen Ratna belongs to the aristocratic Rana family and is the daughter of Late Honorary General Hari Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana and his wife, Megha Kumari Rajya Laxmi.
Life.
Ratna's older sister Indra had married Crown Prince Mahendra in 1940 but died in 1950. Two years later, Ratna married Mahendra. There were no children by this marriage; Mahendra already had three sons and three daughters by Indra. She became Queen Consort after Mahendra's father King Tribhuvan died in 1955.
In 1972 Mahendra suffered a fatal heart attack while hunting in Chitwan National Park. Ratna thereby became Queen Mother.
Public work.
The former Queen Mother was famous for her social work helping children in Nepal. The Nepalese monarchy was abolished in 2008 after the Constituent Assembly election.

</doc>
<doc id="5874880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874880" title="List of Zorocratidae species">
List of Zorocratidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Zorocratidae as of Aug. 23, 2013.
Campostichomma.
"Campostichomma" Karsch, 1891
Raecius.
"Raecius" Simon, 1892
Uduba.
"Uduba" Simon, 1880
Zorocrates.
"Zorocrates" Simon, 1888
Zorodictyna.
"Zorodictyna" Strand, 1907

</doc>
<doc id="5874886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874886" title="Jefferson de Oliveira Galvão">
Jefferson de Oliveira Galvão

Jefferson de Oliveira Galvão, simply known as Jefferson (born January 2, 1983) is a Brazilian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Botafogo FR and the Brazil national football team.
Club career.
Early career/Brazil.
Born in São Vicente, São Paulo, Jefferson was an amateur sprinter before joining Ferroviária's youth setup in 1995, aged 12. He was a forward during his starts at the club, but was reconverted to goalkeeper in the process.
In 1997 Jefferson joined Cruzeiro, after a successful trial period. He was called up to the first-team three years later by Luiz Felipe Scolari.
In 2003, after committing a number of high-profile mistakes at Cruzeiro, he was loaned to Botafogo in the same division.
Turkey.
In the 2005 summer, Jefferson joined Trabzonspor in a four-year deal, as a replacement for Australian goalkeeper Michael Petkovic. He made his debut abroad on 8 June, starting in a 2–1 home success against Kayserispor.
After three full seasons with Trabzonspor, he moved to Konyaspor, in the same division. Jefferson almost the same amount as Oğuzhan Bahadır, but both could not prevent Konyaspor's relegation.
Botafogo.
On 25 August 2009 Jefferson returned to Botafogo in a free transfer. He made his re-debut for the club on 13 September, keeping a clean sheet in a home draw against city rivals Fluminense.
Jefferson appeared in further 14 matches in the season as Botafogo narrowly avoided relegation. On 18 April 2010 he saved a penalty from Adriano, which granted his side's title of Campeonato Carioca.
On 28 June 2011 Jefferson renewed his link with the club, signing until the end of 2014. He was also elected the best goalkeeper of that year.
International career.
Jefferson was a starter for the Brazil under-20's during the 2003 winning campaign, which was held in United Arab Emirates. On July 2011, he was called up to the main squad ahead of 2011 Copa América. However, Jefferson acted as a backup to Júlio César, who started in all matches.
On 14 September 2011 he made his first international appearance with the main squad, starting in a 0–0 draw at Argentina, for that year's Superclásico de las Américas. Jefferson also started in the second leg, a 2-0 home success.
On 7 October Jefferson played his third match for the full side, replacing injured Júlio César in a 1–0 success against Costa Rica. He was selected among the 23-man ahead of 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup and 2014 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5874889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874889" title="Feridun Sungur">
Feridun Sungur

Born in Arsin, Turkey, he is a defender who has made most of his career in Turkey.
His signing in July 2005 for Trabzonspor signalled a return to the club he had once previously played for.
He has also played for A. Sebatspor, Karşıyaka S.K., Elazığspor and Giresunspor.
In July 2012 he made his first move abroad, by joining Serbian side FK Novi Pazar.

</doc>
<doc id="5874899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874899" title="South American Women's Football Championship">
South American Women's Football Championship

The South American Women's Football Championship ("Campeonato Sudamericano de Fútbol Femenino", shortened "Sudamericano Femenino") is the main competition in women's association football between national teams of the CONMEBOL. 
It was first held in 1991. In the first two editions of the tournament only one team (the champion) qualified for the FIFA Women's World Cup. In the third edition the champions qualified automatically, while the runner-up of the tournament faced a team from the CONCACAF in a play-off match to reach the World Cup. In the fourth edition two automatic spots were given for the 2003 World Cup: to the champions and the second placed team respectively, a situation remaining for the 2007 and 2011 edition.
There is also an Under 20 and Under 17 versions.
Winners.
Note: (Round-robin) represents that the final tournament was held as Round-robin tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5874901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874901" title="Çağdaş Atan">
Çağdaş Atan

Çağdaş Atan (; born 29 February 1980) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a central defender for Akhisar Belediyespor.
Career.
Club.
Atan began his career with Altay SK before moving to Marmaris Belediye G.S.K., where he signed his first professional contract, in 2000. He returned to Altay in 2001 and played for two seasons. After that, he signed for Denizlispor and Beşiktaş On 1 June 2006, he transferred to Trabzonspor, based in the Black Sea port city of Trabzon. He then signed for German club FC Energie Cottbus in the summer of 2008. After just one season at Cottbus, Atan transferred to Swiss side FC Basel on 23 June 2009. He made his Basel debut in a 2–0 defeat to FC St. Gallen on 12 July 2009, at the AFG Arena.
International.
Atan has also played and scored for the Turkish national team. He earned both of his caps as a substitute in 2004 and scored once.

</doc>
<doc id="5874906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874906" title="Cyathea fadenii">
Cyathea fadenii

Cyathea fadenii is a species of tree fern endemic to the Uluguru Mountains in Tanzania, where it grows on exposed ridges and on the upper edge of montane forest at an altitude of 1700-2100 m. The trunk is erect, up to 4 m tall and 3-5 cm in diameter. Fronds are bipinnate. Characteristically of this species, the most basal pair of pinnae are reduced, often to veins alone.
The specific epithet "fadenii" commemorates Robert B. Faden, who collected the type material. Large and Braggins (2004) note that "Alsophila schliebenii" appears to be synonymous with this species.

</doc>
<doc id="5874911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874911" title="List of Titanoecidae species">
List of Titanoecidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Titanoecidae as of Oct. 14, 2013.
Anuvinda.
"Anuvinda" Lehtinen, 1967
Goeldia.
"Goeldia" Keyserling, 1891
Nurscia.
"Nurscia" Simon, 1874
Pandava.
"Pandava" Lehtinen, 1967
Titanoeca.
"Titanoeca" Thorell, 1870

</doc>
<doc id="5874917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874917" title="Mehmet Yılmaz (footballer born 1979)">
Mehmet Yılmaz (footballer born 1979)

Mehmet Yılmaz (born 22 May 1979) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Akhisar Belediyespor.
Club career.
Yılmaz previously played for Gaziantepspor, B.B. Ankaraspor, Trabzonspor and Denizlispor, where he spent the second half of the 2005–2006 season on loan.
On 3 September 2012, he joined Akhisar Belediyespor on a two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="5874930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874930" title="Blast radius">
Blast radius

A blast radius is the distance from the source that will be affected when an explosion occurs. A blast radius is often associated with, but not limited to, bombs, mines, explosive projectiles (propelled grenades), and other weapons with an explosive charge.
For instance, a 2000 pound Mk-84 bomb has a blast radius of 400 yards (365 metres).

</doc>
<doc id="5874989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5874989" title="LaMarr Woodley">
LaMarr Woodley

LaMarr Dewayne Woodley (born November 3, 1984) is an American football defensive end for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Michigan, and as recognized as an All-American. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft, and he was a member of the Steelers' Super Bowl XLIII championship team.
Early years.
LaMarr Woodley was born and raised in Saginaw, Michigan. Coming out of high school, Woodley was rated the No. 4 college prospect in the country by Rivals.com and was recruited nationally by University of Florida, University of Michigan, Michigan State, USC, and many other schools. While in high school, Woodley teamed with former Detroit Lions wide receiver Charles Rogers and former Chicago Bulls point guard Anthony Roberson on Saginaw High School's football team in 2000 to win Michigan's Division II state championship.
College career.
Woodley enrolled at the University of Michigan, where he played for coach Lloyd Carr's Michigan Wolverines football team from 2003 to 2006. He predominantly played defensive end and sometimes linebacker, depending on the front seven's alignment. In 2006, Woodley was named the defensive captain of the Wolverines by his teammates. He collected 12 sacks as a senior and won the Lombardi Award as the best lineman, offensive or defensive, in the country. T-shirts were created by Dave Peabody of the blog Michigan Against the World and sold in Ann Arbor with the slogan, "Guns don't kill people. LaMarr Woodley kills people." His 12 sacks led the Big Ten conference, and it ranked 8th in the nation. Following his senior season in 2006, LaMarr was a first-team All-Big Ten selection, and was recognized as a unanimous first-team All-American.
Professional career.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Woodley was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the second round with the 46th overall pick of the 2007 NFL Draft. He originally wore Joey Porter's old number, 55, throughout training camp, but after Steelers' center Chukky Okobi was cut, he took Okobi's old number, 56. He recorded his first sack in his second NFL game, as he sacked Buffalo Bills quarterback J.P. Losman in the fourth quarter of Pittsburgh's 26-3 win over Buffalo. He recorded his second sack in three games, against Alex Smith of the San Francisco 49ers, in the fourth quarter of the Steelers' Week 3 37-16 win against the 49ers. In the 2008 season he was expected to start at the outside linebacker position left vacant when the Steelers let former starter Clark Haggans sign with the Arizona Cardinals. In Week 1 of the 2008 NFL season, Woodley was named GMC Defensive Player of the Week. He recorded three tackles, a sack, an interception, a defended pass, and a fumble recovery in his first career start. In week 4 of the 2008 NFL Season he recorded his first professional touchdown on a fumble recovery against the Baltimore Ravens. He finished the season with 11.5 sacks. In 2008, the Steelers won their division over the Baltimore Ravens by one game, with a 12-4 record sending them to the playoffs.
After defeating the San Diego Chargers 35-24 in the Divisional Round, they outlasted their division rivals, the Baltimore Ravens, 23-14 to advance to Super Bowl XLIII. With two sacks in both the Divisional Round and Conference Championship, Woodley became the first player in NFL history to record three consecutive multi-sack playoff games, dating back to the Steelers' 31-29 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars in the Wild Card Round of the 2008 playoffs. In Super Bowl XLIII, Woodley extended this streak to four games when he sacked Kurt Warner twice, forcing the game-ending fumble on Arizona Cardinals quarterback Kurt Warner with 5 seconds remaining in the game to secure the win.
In 2009, he recorded 62 tackles, 13.5 sacks, and 1 forced fumble. He was named to his first Pro Bowl for his outstanding performance.
He is a member of the Air Jordan brand.
In 2010, Woodley had 50 tackles, 10.0 sacks, an interception (which he ran back for a touchdown), two pass deflections, three forced fumbles and two fumble recoveries.
During the 2011 season, Woodley missed six games with a hamstring injury and accordingly only recorded 39 tackles and 9.0 sacks. However, during the four game period when James Harrison (his OLB partner and Steelers primary pass rusher) was injured, Woodley moved into Harrison's role and greatly improved his performance, recording 7.5 sacks during those four games. He was voted 63rd best player of the 2011 season by NFL players.
On December 15, 2013 the Pittsburgh Steelers placed Lamar Woodley on the season ending IR due to a calf injury. At the time, he had 5 sacks, and 36 tackles in 11 games played in the season.
Woodley was released on March 11, 2014.
Oakland Raiders.
On March 13, 2014, Woodley signed a two-year contract with the Oakland Raiders.
Philanthropy.
Since the start of his NFL career, Woodley has provided considerable amounts of free supplies to students in his hometown of Saginaw. In January 2012, he donated 100 hooded sweatshirts to the Saginaw High band before its halftime performance at the Sugar Bowl between Michigan and Virginia Tech. Later that year, he started a foundation to coordinate his charitable activities. Shortly after the foundation was formed, Woodley found out that the Saginaw City School District would have to institute a $75-per-student participation fee for high school athletics in the 2012–13 school year due to budget cutbacks. Through his foundation, he donated $60,000 to cover the fees for all athletes in the district—at Saginaw High, Arthur Hill High School, and the city's junior high and middle schools.

</doc>
<doc id="5875034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875034" title="The Kingdom (film)">
The Kingdom (film)

The Kingdom is a 2007 action film directed by Peter Berg and starring Jamie Foxx, Chris Cooper, Jennifer Garner, Jason Bateman, and Ashraf Barhom, with Kyle Chandler, Jeremy Piven, Richard Jenkins, and Ali Suliman.
The film is fictional but inspired by bombings at the Riyadh compound on May 12, 2003 and the Khobar housing complex on June 26, 1996, in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The story follows a team of FBI agents who investigate the bombing of a foreign-workers facility in Saudi Arabia. Screenwriter Matthew Michael Carnahan has summarized the plot as, "What would a murder investigation look like on Mars?”
The film was screened at the Edinburgh International Film Festival as its yearly "surprise" film on 22 August 2007.
Plot.
During a softball game at an American oil company housing compound in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, al-Qaeda terrorists set off a bomb, killing Americans and Saudis. While one team hijacks a car and shoots residents, a suicide bomber blows himself up, killing everyone near him. Sergeant Haytham (Ali Suliman), of the Saudi State Police, disables a stolen Saudi Police vehicle and kills the terrorists in it. The FBI Legal Attaché in Saudi Arabia, Special Agent Fran Manner (Kyle Chandler), calls his US colleague, Special Agent Ronald Fleury (Jamie Foxx), to advise him about the attack. Manner is discussing with DSS Regional Security Officer Special Agent Rex Bura how to secure the crime scene when a second bomb explodes in the compound, killing Manner, Bura and many others.
At FBI Headquarters in Washington, D.C., Fleury briefs his rapid deployment team on the attack. During the briefing, Fleury whispered to Special Agent Janet Mayes (Jennifer Garner), a forensic examiner, in order to calm her down when she knew the death of Manner. Although the U.S. Justice Department and the U.S. State Department hinder FBI efforts to investigate the attack, Fleury blackmails the Saudi ambassador into allowing an FBI investigative team into Saudi Arabia. Fleury gathers Mayes, FBI analyst Adam Leavitt (Jason Bateman), an intelligence analyst, and Special Agent Grant Sykes (Chris Cooper), a bomb technician, go to Saudi Arabia. On arrival they are met by Colonel Faris al-Ghazi (Ashraf Barhom), the commander of the Saudi State Police Force providing security at the compound. The investigation is being run by General Al Abdulmalik (Mahmoud Said) of the Saudi Arabian National Guard (SANG), who does not give Fleury and his team permission to investigate but only to observe the Saudi investigation.
The FBI team is invited to the palace of Saudi Prince Ahmed bin Khaled (Omar Berdouni) for a dinner. While at the palace, Fleury persuades the Prince that Colonel al-Ghazi is a natural detective and should be allowed to lead the investigation. With this change in leadership, the Americans are allowed hands-on access to the crime scene. While searching for evidence, Sergeant Haytham and Sykes discover the second bomb was detonated in an ambulance. Fleury learns the brother of one of the dead terrorists had access to ambulances and police uniforms. Colonel al-Ghazi orders a SWAT team to raid a house, managing to kill a few heavily armed terrorists. Following the raid, the team discovers valuable clues, including photos of the U.S. and other Western embassies in Riyadh. Soon afterward, the U.S. Embassy Deputy Chief of Mission Damon Schmidt (Jeremy Piven) notifies Fleury and his team that they have been ordered to return to the United States.
On their way to King Khalid International Airport, Fleury grabs the wheel from Sergeant Haytham, which allows them to partially evade the collision of a speeding car with the first SUV in their convoy, setting off a trunk full of explosives. Their SUV, the third in their convoy, hits the second SUV causing it to roll. The fourth SUV drives up and the men inside pull out Leavitt, throwing him into the back and driving away while a second car drives by to shoot the surviving Americans. Fleury manages to wound one attacker, and al-Ghazi commandeers a civilian vehicle to chase the fourth SUV and the other car into the dangerous Al-Suwaidi neighborhood of Riyadh. As they pull up, a gunman launches rocket-propelled grenades at them and a fierce firefight starts. Inside the complex, Leavitt is tied up and gagged.
While Sykes and Haytham watch the entrance to the complex, al-Ghazi, Fleury, and Mayes follow a blood trail and manage to kill many gunmen inside. Mayes, separated from the others, enters an apartment to find a family with little children, their mother, and grandfather. She yells at them to stay put and goes across the hall to another apartment, where she finds Leavitt and his attackers. She kills the remaining insurgents, and al-Ghazi and the team start to leave. Mayes give the little girl a lollipop. In return, the girl gives her a marble, matching those pieced together earlier from the bomb scene. Fleury then realizes there is a trail of blood leading to the back of the apartment, and al-Ghazi sees the grandfather, suspects something, and asks to help him up in order to inspect his hand. When the old man gives him his hand, al-Ghazi sees that the man is missing the same fingers as Abu Hamza al-Masri in the terrorist group's many videos and confirms his suspicion that the grandfather is the terrorist leader. Abu Hamza's teenage grandson walks out of the bedroom and manages to shoot al-Ghazi in the neck twice with a pistol before it jams, then he starts to point his gun at Mayes, prompting Fleury to kill him. Abu Hamza then feebly pulls out an assault rifle and Haytham puts three shots in his chest. As Abu Hamza dies, another grandson hugs him and Abu Hamza whispers something into his ear to calm the child down. Al-Ghazi dies in Fleury's arms.
At al-Ghazi's house, Fleury and Haytham meet his family. Fleury tells his son that al-Ghazi was his good friend, mirroring a similar scene earlier in the movie wherein he comforted Special Agent Manner's son. Fleury and his team return to the U.S., where they are commended by FBI Director James Grace (Richard Jenkins) for their outstanding work. Leavitt asked Fleury and Mayes what he had whispered to her to calm her down. The scene cuts to Abu Hamza's daughter asking her own son what his grandfather whispered to him as he was dying. The grandson tells her mother, "Don't fear them, my child. We are going to kill them all," a similar line Fleury whispered to Mayes, implying that this is a never-ending, vicious cycle.
Production.
Prior to filming, director Peter Berg spent two weeks in Saudi Arabia researching the film. Filming commenced July 10, 2006, on the west side of the old Maricopa County Courthouse in Phoenix, Arizona. Additional scenes were being filmed concurrently in Mesa, Arizona; the scenes at the American compound were shot at the Polytechnic campus of Arizona State University. In some of the trailer frames, saguaro cacti not native to Saudi Arabia are visible in the background. The scenes in the men's locker room at the beginning of the film were filmed in the men's locker room and detention area of the Gilbert Police Department. The FBI briefing scene was filmed in the media amphitheater/classroom in the same police building. The high speed driving scenes were filmed on Highway 202, which runs through Mesa and Gilbert, just prior to its opening for public use only a few miles from the ASU campus.
While shooting on location in Mesa, Berg was involved in a fatal accident that resulted in the death of another member of the production team. The SUV he was riding in collided with a John Deere Gator all-terrain vehicle driven by Nick Papac. Papac died three hours later. On August 8, 2008, Papac's parents Michael Papac and Michele Bell filed a lawsuit against the director, a driver, and the production company. The lawsuit was dropped in 2008. Filming resumed one day after the incident.
On-location filming took place in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates for two weeks in mid-September. Since Universal Pictures does not have an office in the Middle East, the production was facilitated by a local production firm called Filmworks, based in Dubai. Filming also took place at the Emirates Palace hotel in Abu Dhabi.
The film's production cost $80 million. "The Kingdom" was released on DVD December 20, 2007.
Reception.
Western reception.
The film received moderate reviews from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 51% of 180 critics have given the film a positive review, with a rating average of 5.8 out of 10. The site's general consensus is that "While providing several top-notch action scenes, "The Kingdom" ultimately collapses under the weight of formula and muddled politics." Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 0—100 reviews from film critics, has a rating score of 56 based on 37 reviews.
Right-wing "Weekly Standard" columnist John Podhoretz called the film "perfectly paced" and "remarkably crisp and satisfying", arguing that it evokes the films "The Taking of Pelham One Two Three", "Dog Day Afternoon", and "The New Centurions". "New York Times" critic A.O. Scott called it "a slick, brutishly effective genre movie". He also stated that "Just as "" offered the fantasy of do-over on Vietnam, "The Kingdom" can be seen as a wishful revisionist scenario for the American response to Islamic fundamentalist terrorism." Evan Williams of "The Australian" called it "an excellent thriller" and stated that it "may be the first Hollywood film to confront Saudi involvement in international terrorism."
"New York Post" critic Lou Lumenick stated that "Hollywood provides the Islamic world another reason to hate America with "The Kingdom"," calling it "xenophobic" and "pandering." "AV Club" critic Scott Tobias gave the movie a C, criticizing the movie's "queasy brand of escapism" by offering the audience the pleasure of "inning imaginary wars" and giving an idealized portrayal of the efficiency of American intelligence. He says the film appeals to the audience's "basest instincts" and that, despite one sympathetic Arab character, the filme could be tarred as racist. Lisa Schwarzbaum of "Entertainment Weekly" accused the film of "treating its audience like cash-dispensing machines". Kenneth Turan of "The Los Angeles Times" called it "a slick excuse for efficient mayhem that's not half as smart as it would like to be." He added that "the film's thematic similarity to those jingoistic World War II-era 'Yellow Peril' films makes it hard not to feel your humanity being diminished."
Middle Eastern reception.
Faisal Abbas, media editor of the London-based international Arabic journal "Asharq Al Awsat", wrote on the newspaper's English website that "despite some aspects which might be perceived by some as negative, many might be pleasantly surprised after watching this film, bearing in mind that Arabs have for a long time been among Hollywood's favorite villains." Faisal concluded that "In all cases, the film is definitely action-packed, and perhaps Saudis and Arabs may enjoy it more than Americans, as events are depicted as taking place in the Saudi capital…and it is not every day that you watch a Hollywood-style car chase happening on the streets of Riyadh. For Westerners, the movie might be an interesting “insight” to a culture that is very different to their own."
In a review titled "One good Arab" for "The Guardian", Palestinian writer Sharif Nashashibi says the film is one in a long tradition of Western works where Arabs are villified and Americans are portrayed as heroes, only bothering to add "a token Arab 'good guy'", equating good with pro-American, "to make up for the fact that the rest of the Arab characters are bad." All other Arab characters in the movie, he says, "are portrayed negatively - from the brutal, hate-filled, anti-western, religiously fanatical terrorists, to the inept, corrupt, heavy-handed, secretive and frustratingly bureaucratic Saudi authorities", as opposed to the "humanity, grief, compassion, determination, ability and patriotism of most of the American characters". He concludes that ""The Kingdom" perpetuates negative stereotypes for a quick buck and an adrenaline rush, at a time in the world where breeding such ignorance and prejudice has proven catastrophic." He also took issue with star Jamie Foxx's anti-Arab comments to the US press despite being "treated 'like royalty' in the United Arab Emirates" during the shooting.
Box office performance.
The film grossed $17.1 million in 2,733 theatres in the United States and Canada on its opening weekend, ranking #2 at the box office. It also grossed £919,537 in the United Kingdom, about $1.9 million. As of December 15, 2007, the film has grossed an estimated $47,536,778 in the United States and $39,042,352 at the foreign box office with a worldwide gross of $86,579,130.
The film has been extremely successful in the rental market, grossing $77.4 million in the United States as of April 13, 2008.
The film had been banned in several Arab countries for claims of being biased against Saudi treatment with terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="5875042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875042" title="Brian Robinson (soccer)">
Brian Robinson (soccer)

Brian Robinson (born 1953) is a former Canadian national soccer team player. He was born in Victoria, British Columbia.
He started playing at the age of ten with the Evening Optimist Club in his home town and later starred in the Victoria High School team that reached the B.C. High School final in 1966. At 17 he was playing for Vic West in the Victoria City League where he played for two years before joining Victoria United in the Pacific Coast League. By 1970 he was playing in the Western Canada Soccer League for the Victoria Royals and was a member of the WCSL championship team in that year. By 1972 his power and quickness took him to the national team and he made his international debut against the United States in St. John's in a World Cup game. 
He began his international career in midfield and scored a memorable goal for Canada against Mexico in the Azteca Stadium in 1972. During the years that followed he played over 40 times for his country including 22 full internationals, and made two European tours that took him to Malta, Denmark, Luxembourg, Northern Ireland, East and West Germany and Poland.
While most of his club career was spent in Victoria, where he won a Canadian Championship medal with a team sponsored by the London Boxing Club in 1975, he played the whole of the 1976 season for the Vancouver Whitecaps in the North American Soccer League. 
On 2006 he was inducteed into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5875079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875079" title="MXR">
MXR

MXR, also known as MXR Innovations, was a Rochester, New York-based manufacturer of effects pedals, co-founded in 1972 by Keith Barr and Terry Sherwood
History.
MXR co-founders Terry Sherwood and Keith Barr met as high school students at Rush-Henrietta Senior High School in Rochester, New York. Together they started Audio Services, an audio repair business, where they repaired stereos and other music equipment in their rented basement apartment. This experience led them to form MXR and begin producing their first original effect pedal design, the Phase 90, quickly followed by the Distortion Plus, Dynacomp, and the Blue Box. Michael Laiacona joined this early MXR team in the key role of sales. Barr later left MXR and went on to found Alesis, Sherwood co-founded Applied Research & Technology, and Laiacona went on to found Whirlwind USA.
Jim Dunlop acquired the MXR brand in 1987 and continues the traditional pedal line of original MXR classics that have come to define the brand, such as the Phase 90 and Dyna Comp, as well as modern pedals like the Carbon Copy and Fullbore Metal. Dunlop has also added a line dedicated to bass effects boxes, MXR Bass Innovations, which has recently released the Bass Octave Deluxe and Bass Envelope Filter. Both pedals won Editor Awards in Bass Player Magazine and Platinum Awards from Guitar World Magazine. The MXR Custom Shop is responsible for recreations of vintage models such as the hand-wired Phase 45, as well as doing limited runs of pedals featuring premium components and highly modified designs such as the new Custom Comp.
Product line.
Reference Series (1973–1984).
The first MXR effects pedal was the M-101 MXR Phase 90 phaser. The Phase 90 was used on the first two Van Halen albums. The MXR Phase 45, a milder version of the Phase 90, was also released, as well as a programmable version, the Phase 100. Like many other pedals of the day, MXR pedals (prior to 1981) did not have LEDs, A/C adaptor jacks, or true-bypass switching. Over the years, there were two distinct periods that the reference series pedals went through.
The first period is now known as the "Script period," in reference to the cursive writing on the pedal’s casing. The earliest script logo pedals were actually made in the basement shop of the founders of MXR and the logos were silk screened by hand. These very first pedals can be identified by a slightly larger font “MXR" on the case. 
The "Box Logo Period 1" began around 1975-6 and lasted until 1981, and is named for the writing on the front of the box. The “Box logo period 2" started in early 1981 and went until 1984, when the company stopped making pedals. The main change in this era was the addition of LEDs and A/C adaptor jacks. These pedals used 1/8" power jacks and had exactly the same circuit board as their pre-1981 box logo brothers.
Commande Series (1981–1984).
In 1981, MXR introduced a line of inexpensive plastic ("Lexan" polycarbonate) pedals known as the "Commande Series". These were priced to compete with the Japanese-manufactured effects pedals that were flooding the US and world markets. These were a departure from the Reference Series in several aspects. The input, output and power jacks were all moved to the top of the case to allow a tighter grouping on the floor, or pedal board. Also, for the first time, MXR incorporated a large footswitch.
2000 Series (1982–1984).
The "Series 2000" was a complete rework of the Reference and Commande lines of pedals. These were higher quality pedals, with electronic FET switching and dual LED indicators. They had a new contoured shape, an all-metal chassis and an easily removable plastic battery compartment door. These were fully rubberized on the bottom surface and were remote-controllable. Most of the pedals had two outputs that provide two distinctly different versions of the same pedal. 
The MXR Series 2000 sported six models. These original pedals in the series included the Dyna Comp, Distortion +, Phaser, Stereo Chorus, Stereo Flanger and Time Delay. In late 1983 MXR announced a digital sound effects pedal generator simply known as the ‘’Junior’’. The Junior was released in early 1984 and was added to the other six pedals in the Series 2000 line. The Junior boasted four sound effects: a laser, a clap, a snare and a high hat. These sound effects or samples were written on a large 24-pin ROM chip that was produced by MXR. The ROM chip had to be inserted into the circuit in order for the sounds to register. MXR continued to manufacture most of the Reference, Commande and 2000 Series pedals until they closed their doors in 1984.
MXR rackmount effects.
MXR also had a line of professional rackmount effects used by the likes of David Gilmour, Stuart Adamson and Mike Rutherford.
In 1983, MXR introduced one of the first multi-effect rack units for guitar and bass, the "Omni". The Omni had 6 different effects: sustain, distortion, delay, equalization, flanger and chorus. The main unit was a 2U with separate controls for each effect. There was a footpedal (M-181) that enabled the player to switch the different effects on and off, as well as changing the order of the distortion and equalizer effects, a master bypass as well as an effects loop.
MXR Desktop Effects.
MXR produced a line of processors targeted for home entertainment systems of the day. Most of these items came with wooden (walnut) side panels. The larger 17” wide units also had kits available for single or 1U (M-145 Single 1.75” Rack mount kit) and 2U (M-146 Double 3.5” Rack mount kits) available.
Drum Computers.
In late 1981, MXR got the resale rights in the US to sell the "KIT" (M-178), a digital drum machine. In early 1983, MXR released the M-185 [http://www.hollowsun.com/vintage/mxr185/index.html] MXR "Drum Computer", followed by the "Drum Machine II" (M-189). These were all similar to Roger Linn's Linn LM-1 drum machine.
Jim Dunlop and MXR.
Jim Dunlop (the company famous for the Cry Baby Wah-Wah) bought the MXR licensing rights and currently manufactures reissues of some of the classic MXR effects pedals. Dunlop has created new models in addition to the original lineup, including signature pedals such as "Eddie Van Halen Phase 90" and "Flanger", and Zakk Wylde's "Wylde Overdrive" and "Black Label Chorus".

</doc>
<doc id="5875082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875082" title="Lluvia de Peces">
Lluvia de Peces

Lluvia de Peces (Rain of Fish) is a phenomenon that has allegedly been occurring for more than a century on a yearly basis in Yoro, Honduras. It is also known as the aguacero de pescado.
Festival.
Beginning in 1998, locals of Honduras have held an annual Festival de Lluvia de Peces to celebrate the phenomenon. The date of the festival is variable, coinciding with the first major rainfall in May or June. The festival includes a parade and carnival.
Explanation.
The explanation generally offered for the rain of fish is meteorological, often speculated to be strong winds or waterspouts, as is commonly proposed when attempting to explain similar occurrences of raining animals. The nearest marine source for the fish is the Atlantic Ocean, about 200 km (140 miles) away, though this explanation might be seen as unlikely due to the improbability of waterspouts collecting fish in the open sea every year in May or June and transporting them directly to Yoro.
Alternatively, the fish may have originated in fresh water and moved from a nearby river into a subterranean water current or cave system in response to seasonal changes. Subsequent heavy rains wash the fish up out of this habitat and the water recedes to leave the fish stranded.
Father Subirana miracle.
Spanish priest Father José Manuel (Jesus de) Subirana was a figure in the history of Christianity in Honduras. He arrived in Honduras in 1855 and worked here until his death in 1864. Today the name of Father Subirana is linked with the legend of Yoro fish rain. The legend tells the following: "Father Subirana saw how poor are the people in Honduras and prayed 3 days and 3 nights asking God for miracle to help the poor people and to provide them food. After these three days and nights God took note on this and there came a dark cloud. Lots of tasty fish rained from the sky, feeding all the people. Since then this wonder is repeated every year."

</doc>
<doc id="5875115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875115" title="Atalanti">
Atalanti

Atalanti (Greek: Αταλάντη "Atalantē") is a town and a former municipality in southeastern Phthiotis, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Lokroi, of which it is the seat and a municipal unit. Atalanti is a known market town, and it was the capital of the former Locris Province. Atalanti is the second largest town in Phthiotis, after Lamia. The town is accessed with the Greek National Road 1 (Athens - Lamia - Thessaloniki). Atalanti is located southeast of Lamia, north of Livadeia and northwest of Chalcis.
Subdivisions.
The municipal unit Atalanti is subdivided into the following communities (constituent villages in brackets):
Mythology.
Capital of Locris province was the city of Opus. According to Hesiodus and Plutarch, the city of Opus got his name from Opus, who was the son of Locros and great-grandson of Deucalion and Pyrrha.
The Locrians from Opus participated in the Trojan War, with 40 battle ships and four thousand warriors. Head of Locrians at the Trojan War was Ajax the Lesser, son of Oileus and grandson of Hodoedocus. Ajax excelled in the Trojan War, but upon his return from Troy he fell into a storm that caused him his inglorious death. From Opus was Achilles’ best friend, Patroclus, son of Menoetius. Patroclus, when he was still a child, killed a nobleman during a game, Clysonymus, son of Amphidamas. Although he was a minor, Patroclus had to leave his place in order to evade revenge. So his father took him to Peleus, who raised him along with Achilles as his own child.
History.
Neolithic Age.
The first signs of organized human life in Atalanti’s region can be traced during Neolithic era (7000 BC - 3200/3100 BC) when in this time a town in the valley, near Skala Atalanti is growing. All human activities of Neolithic man can be traced in this area: agriculture, stockbreeding, hunting, and fishing.
Bronze Age.
In Bronze Age (or Early Helladic Period, in Greek: Πρωτοελλαδική περίοδος) period (3200 -2100 BC) observed growth of trade (both land and sea) and development of pottery. The area of Atalanti was influenced by other places of mainland Greece and the islands. This area, as well as others of this period, was characterized by a hierarchically organized society.
In the Middle Helladic period (in Greek: Μεσοελλαδική περίοδος) (2100 - 1600 BC) villages were destroyed (possibly due to the invasion of other Greek tribes). Because of this, retrograssion, introversion and cultural isolation were noted.
Most possibly in Late Bronze Age (or Late Helladic Period, in Greek: Υστεροελλαδική περίοδος) (between 1600 and 1100 BC) the city of Mycenaean Opus is built. Main occupations of inhabitants were fishing and agriculture (wheat, grain, legumes, olives, grapes are cultivated and wine is produced).
During the 11th century BC (Sub Mycenaean period) an economic and population decline is remarked. An abandonment of old villages is accompanied by building new ones. Basic characteristic of this period is the adherence to tradition. Pottery remains the main occupation.
Protogeometric Period.
Between 10th and 8th century BC, the regime of Opus is Aristocracy and Oligarchy. Hierarchy is one of the key features of society in that time. It is a society where classes owe their existence primarily to the distinguishment between the different occupations of the inhabitants. Trade and shipping are growing. Opus receives many influences in art from Athens, Corinth, Euboea and Thessaly. A massive production of vases and the blooming of metallurgy (weapons and gold jewelry) are recorded. All these suggest the existence of a prosperous and wealthy society in the region of Locris.
Archaic Period.
During the Archaic period (700 - 480 BC) the system of government in Opus remains oligarchy with no political controversy. Perhaps we can speak of a "conservative democracy" since there were no slaves in Locris. The main occupations of the inhabitants are still agriculture, livestock (mainly cattle), fishing, pottery and wine production.
Classical period.
In the Classical Period (second quarter of 5th century BC - 323 BC) and more specifically during the Peloponnesian War (431 - 404 BC) the Locrians are in the side of Sparta (leader of the Peloponnesian League). The Athenians attack and destroy the coastal cities of Locris. In 431 BC they fortify the island of Atalanti (or Atalantonisi or Talantonisi) in order to curb the activities of Locrians pirates and to ensure the safety of the coast of Euboea. But an earthquake in 426 BC destroyed part of the walls and the fortress that were built in Atalantonisi.
Hellenistic and Roman Period.
During Hellenistic period (336 or 323 BC - middle of 1st century BC) a new earthquake in 300 BC destroys part of Opus. In 204 BC, the Roman general Gaius Flaminius seizes Opus, but in 197 BC he gives back independence to the Locrians. In 165 BC, the "Common of Locris" is founded. Another earthquake in 106 BC destroys Opus, but it is rebuilt again. The end of the Hellenistic period seals the raid of Sulla (Lucius Cornelius Sulla Felix) in the area in 87/86 BC. Throughout this period Opus remains a mainly rural economy. At the same time, Atalanti is the main center of pottery production in the district. The invasion of Sulla prompted many residents of the cities of Locris to abandon their villages during the Roman period (30 BC - 324 AD). Population mostly moves to the settlements of Opus and Kynos. In the area, large privately owned land (farms) are created. In Atalanti, public baths and an aqueduct are built.
Early Christian Period.
During the Early Christian Times, the Diocess of Opus is founded (Ecumenical Synod or Council in Ephesus in 431 and in Chalcedon in 451 under the Diocese of Corinth. In years 376 and 395-397 Goths and Visigoths invade (under Alaric I) in the area which seriously affects the local economy. Regression and in some cases abandonment of coastal settlements occurs.
Byzantine Period.
In 565 (during the Byzantine years of Justinian I) the name "Talanti" was first mentioned.
Sources between 7th and 10th century are few because of the "Iconoclasm" that had broken out in this period. In the 9th century Arabs raids in the area and in the 10th century and Bulgarians (under Simeon I of Bulgaria) also attack Locris.
In 1204, the "Barony Atalanti" was founded from the Frankish ruler Boniface of Montferrat as a part of the Duchy of Athens and one of the four major ports, and it was based in Talanti (La Calandri).
The 13th century Atalanti is found with the Latin name «Talantum». The management of the area is according to the feudal patterns of the time as a small city-state.
In 1311, the Duchy of Athens fell into the hands of Catalans mercenaries (Catalan Company) after the victorious battle of Copais. In 1319, the Duchy fell into the hands of the Sicilians.
In 1380, Navarians make raids against the Catalans of Atalanti. In 1385, the provenance of Phthiotis fell into the hands of the Serbs, except Atalanti.
In 1388, the region of Locris passed into the hands of a family from Florence, Acciaioli, ending the Catalan domination.
In 1393, the Diocese of Talanti was established in Talanti (Atalanti). The same year the Turkish people begin their raids. The Duchy of Athens was abolished by the Ottoman Turks in 1458, and that lead to the enslavement of Atalanti and all Locris in general.
Ottoman Occupation.
According to the census of 1466, in Atalanti live 248 families, 18 single and 22 widows, which all were Christians.
In the census of 1506, there were 449 Christian homes and 13 Ottoman. In 1521 were recorded 435 Christian homes in Atalanti and 30 Ottoman, while the total taxes paid by residents were 33,541 “aspra” - whites (silver Ottoman coin).
The residents of Atalanti did not pay any taxes, while their children were free from the mass forced recruiting of children in the Ottoman army, in order to join the Janissaries (in Greek:Παιδομάζομα, in Turkish: devşirme). In return, the inhabitants of Atalanti had to protect the narrow sea and the coast when pirates attack with their 7 armed horsemen.
These privileges were maintained by residents of Atalanti up until 1571. According to the census of that year there were 622 Christian homes in Atalanti and 77 Ottomans. That made it the largest settlement across Locris, with a population of about 3000 people. This also explains the upgrading of Atalanti which during the next century included the surrounding villages. Main occupations of the inhabitants were agriculture (cereals, viticulture), cultivation of flax, cotton and vegetables, as well as the apiaries and livestock.
In 1688, during the Ottoman–Venetian war, Kourmas and Bishop of Amfissa Philotheos temporarily seized Atalanti.
The same year, plague breaks out in Atalanti. The Turks reclaimed the city in a short time.
Several families -in fear of retaliation, resort in the Venetian Peloponnese between 1691 and 1697.
Knowledge about the period of the 18th and early 19th century is limited and it is mostly based on reports by that time travelers.
One of them, William Martin Leake visited Atalanti in 1805 and he wrote: ""There are 300 houses in the town, one third of which is Turkish. Some of the houses are big and surrounded by a garden. They seem very pretty from a far distance. But most of them are abandoned and ruined, partly because of a plague that wiped out entire families a few years ago. The ruler is Isset Bey, a son of Kapicilar Kahyasi of Ali Pasha. The Greek neighborhood is separated from the Turkish. The Bishop of Atalanti which comes under the Bishop of Athens is the head of the Greek community and has a sustainable house, with a garden of orange, lemon and other fruit trees. A garden, that despite of its ferocity, is the best place here, something extraordinary in that area. The valley is very fertile, but not cultivated, because of the absence of people. In low parts of the area, towards the sea, corn, excellent wheat, grapes from which they make a tolerable wine and a few olives grow perfectly. The average wage here is the same as that one in Athens and Livadeia. The administrative area includes thirty to forty villages, most of them very small, and not fully inhabitant, since most of their residents migrate to areas of Livadeia and Athens, since Ali Pasha took over the place. Incomes are now in the hands of Veli, who is trying to bring back immigrants, promising tax cuts."" 
Another traveler, the French Francois Pouqueville (between 1806 and 1816) reports: ""Atalanti is built on the foothills of Mount Chlomos. Two mosques and a church are the only remarkable things you can see. The importance of the city is that twenty one villages depend on it."" 
According to other sources in 1800 in Talanti (Atalanti) lived more than 200 families of Ottomans in their own settlement (in Greek: Τουρκομαχαλάς, "Tourkomachala") in the western part of town. There were also located the Turkish ruler of the area (Voivodas), the Turkish treasurer (Khaznadar-Agha), the Turkish judge (Kadis or Katis) and a small Turkish guarδ (about 150 men).
Kotzampasides (Greek people that worked together with the Ottomans) of Talanti were: Lambros Alexandrou (later renamed Evmolpidis), Constantinos Sakellion and Alexis Michalis.
Nicolaos Metaxas or Neophytos of Athens was ordained Bishop of Talanti in 1803.
Since 1810 in Atalanti the Ottoman doctor Hasan Agha Kourtalis offers his services to both Greeks and Ottomans without any discrimination.
Atalanti during the Greek Revolution of 1821.
In 1821, Anthony Kontosopoulos with 1000 armed Locrians sieged and set free the city of Atalanti on March 31, 1821 with the help of Lambros Eleftheriou and the rest of the residents of the city.
In the winter of that same year, the Turkish army under the Omer Vrioni and Mehmet Kiosses passing through Atalanti take prisoners the remaining inhabitants and burn down all the houses. Those who managed to survive find shelter in Atalantonisi. The next year, Atalanti will be burned again by the Turkish troops that were passing through the region and a plague will fall on Atalantonisi.
In the Second National Assembly at Astros in 1823 Bishop Neophytos of Talanti and attorney Lambros Alexandrou represent the area. Provincial Governor of Talanti was placed Ioannis Filon. In 1824 the Turkish fleet occupies Atalantonisi, destroying its facilities, slaughters and captures those who had taken refuge there.
Between 5th and November 9, 1826 the Battle of Atalanti takes place. Anastasios Karatassos, Angelis Gatsos and Olivier Voutier lead 1500 Macedonians warriors. But Mustafa Bey went from Livadeia to Atalanti with an army of few thousand men (infantry and horsemen) and surprises the Greek guards. After a fierce battle, the Greeks retreated having lost 42 men on the battlefield.
In Atalanti were located gunpowder storehouses of vital importance for the supply of the Turks. They were guarded by two hundred Ottomans.
In 1826 Georgios Karaiskakis’s attempt to set it on fire failed. The next year Karaiskakis placed a guard with his men, in Atalanti, under Spyros Xidis. Another attempt by Ioannis Kolettis in 1827, to take over Atalanti will also fail.
The final liberation of Atalanti came on November 6th , 1828. Mitros Liakopoulos (from Kato Milia, Pieria), attacks surprisingly and releases the city.
Atalanti after Liberation.
In Atalanti in 1831 were founded: a Primary School (first teacher was D. Manasidis from Samos), a County court, a Notary, Tax Authorities, Fund, a Tobacco Factory, Customs, Forestry and Post Office.
In 1833 the city was included in the prefecture of Fokida and Locris. First Prefect was Ioannis Amvrosiadis and District Officer was Anagnostis Mostras. A Diocese of Locris is established (from the dioceses of Mendenitsa and Talanti), under Bishop Agathangelos Myrianthousis. That same year Macedonians fighters, fought during the revolution of 1821 start to settle permanently in Atalanti.
On January 10th, 1834 was established by Law the City of Atalanti, including outside the Atalanti, the villages: Skala, Skenteraga (Megaplatanos), Kyparissi, Kolaka, Bogdanos, Exarchos and Drouskos. First elected mayor in 1836 was Efstathios Spyridonos.
In December 1836 arrives at Atalanti Konstantinos D. Vellios, a benefactor of the Macedonians settlers. While in 1837 is decided by Royal Decree to form the Municipality of "Pella" in Atalanti for the Macedonians settlers.
In 1843 Greek School was founded (Boarding) and in 1857 a Primary School for Girls. In 1855 the Cathedral of St. Theodore was founded in Atalanti and in 1862 the Church of the Transfiguration of Jesus was finished. In 1860 7 large fountains were built in the neighborhoods of Atalanti and New Pella.
In 1864 begun the annual trade "Fair" of Atalanti which lasts from the 6th to 10 August, until nowadays.
In 1871 the road between Atalanti and Scala is constructed. In 1873 a branch of National Bank of Greece was founded.
The "Revolution of Litochoro" (Revolution of Olympus) in 1878, was led by the Macedonian Kosmas Doumpiotis, who had by his side several fellow volunteers from New Pella Atalanti.
In 1885 oil lamps for lighting the city were installed and an aqueduct is built.
Nicholas K. Abraham was born in 1888 in New Pella. He served as a Minister of Justice and Maritime Affairs.
The earthquake of 1894 caused major damages throughout Locris. 255 people were killed and 3,783 houses were totally collapsed.
At the time sericulture was at its peak in many households in Atalanti.
In 1895 the "Locris Gymnastics Club of Atalanti» was founded, one of the first clubs in the country and also one of the 28 clubs that founded the S.E.A.G.S. later S.E.G.A.S.
Nicholas Doumpiotis (born in 1866 in New Pella) participated in the Macedonian War (1904–1908) as an officer under the nickname "Captain Amyntas."
20th Century.
In 1912 the municipalities of Atalanti and New Pella are abolished and they become communities. The first car appears in Atalanti in 1915.
In March 1913, Greek villagers from Thrace were forced to leave. The people from Plavou did not feel safe to stay here any longer and decided to go on to Turkish territory. Without any property, came to Greece. Some stayed in Athens others went to the area of Lamia (Kostalexi, Stavros, Roditsa) and most of them went to Atalanti.
The flu of 1918 sowed death in the city. Residents asked for the grace of the saints Agioi Anargyroi (Cosmas and Damianos) and brought their orthodox icon in Atalanti on 12 November.
Between 1912 and 1922 63 soldiers from Atalanti were lost in the wars (First and Second Balkan War, First World War and Asia Minor campaign).
After the Asia Minor Disaster in 1922, 218 individuals arrived in Atalanti. In 1931 settlements defined that 30 acres of land in the Atalanti area could be used by the refugees. This area of Atalanti was named, "Sinikismos". In 1926 a refugee organization was founded "Refugee Association of Atalanti and Suburbs" with main objectives to claim damages, to issue refugee identity, to help in finding jobs and to support them in general. 
In 1975 the Association “Aghia Sophia” of Asia Minor Refugees in Sinikismos was founded in order to preserve and spread the culture of the refugees.
In 1923 the Commercial Club was founded in Atalanti. In 1927 the Agricultural Credit Cooperative and the Mandolinata were established and a branch of Bank of Athens starts to operate within the city. Also the first mill began its function.
Gymnastics Club "Ajax the Locrian" (in Greek: Αίαντας ο Λοκρός) was founded in 1928 ( football and track and field).
Also the Union of Atalanti "Melissa" begins the reforestation of mountain Roda. A powerhouse starts to work and that contributes to the electrification of households in the city.
Vasilios A. Kokkinos was born in Ano Pella in Atalanti in 1929. He later served as president of the Supreme Court (1990–1996).
In 1931, the Association of New Pella «Alexander the Great" was founded and the football club "Olympiakos Atalanti FC ". That same year the sports club "Ajax the Locrian" successfully organized a local athletic event in Atalanti.
The Primary School for Boys and Girls that later was used as the 1st Elementary School in Atalanti was built in 1932. In 1933 the scouts group was founded.
Siblings Charilaos, Demosthenes and George Constantinou, from Atalanti establish the tobacco industry Santé in Athens.
The Music Society of Atalanti "Orpheus" was founded in 1935. In 1936, the sports association "The Union" was established. In 1937 a branch of the Agricultural Bank of Greece opened in Atalanti. In 1938 the Chorus of Atalanti made the first appearance. In 1939 the Union of Agricultural Cooperatives in Atalanti was founded.
On April 20, 1941 the German air force (Luftwaffe) bombed Atalanti causing only damages to buildings and on April 25, 1941 the German army occupied Atalanti. The "White Cross of Atalanti" was founded in 1943, in order to help, all those were in need.
On March 23, 1943 the Italian occupation forces leave the city. On May 29, 1943, Italians lead to the firing squad nine residents of Atalanti. The Germans took the place of Italians, who withdrew from Atalanti in October 1944.
Due to the peculiar soil and the weakness of the Greek state to support the people from Evrytania after the liberation of 1944 they began to leave their homeland and moved to the surrounding plains like the one in Atalanti and the rest urban centers around them. That lasted from 1945 and up until 1987. Also the earthquake that took place at Vracha with the magnitude of 6.2 on Richter scale on 5.2.1966 was also the cause of their relocation again in Atalanti.
During the Greek Civil War (1946–1949), several - mostly young aged people- were found in two conflicting camps, the National Army (Greek governmental army) and the Democratic Army of Greece(DSE or Greek initials ΔΣΕ). Eight soldiers of the National Army were killed and an unknown number of fighters of DSE were also dead.
In the decade of 1950, the local elections were carried out after 16 years (in 1951), the water supply system of the city was installed (in 1953), the current city plan of Atalanti was adopted (in 1954) and the Bank Holiday of Sunday was established from the Commercial Union (in 1957).
In the next decade: the first kindergarten (1963) and the Municipal Library of Atalanti (1965) were founded, a branch of Emporiki Bank opened and the Educational, Cultural and Entertainment Association "Proodos” (“The Progress") was established (1966).
The football Club "ATALANTI" was created in 1968 by the merger of the two clubs of the city (Ajax and Olympiakos Atalanti FC).
The military dictatorship (1967–1974) ceases the City Boards and the Cooperative Societies. During this period, the City Hall, the high school, the kindergarten and the "National Stadium" of Atalanti were built.
During the Turkish invasion in Cyprus (20–21 July 1974) the soldier Christos L. Ligdis was killed.
In 1976 the "Constantinian Cultural Center of Atalanti" was built, and in 1979 the Technical High School was founded.
In 1980 the "Sports Mountaineering Association Locros" was founded, which in 1992 was renamed in Sports Association "Locros" with more sports.
In 1982 the Nautical Club of Atalanti was founded, in 1985 the Municipal Conservatory was established, in 1988 the municipal fish farm in the Bay of Atalanti was created and in 1989 the gymnasium of the town (capacity:1,100 seats) was built. The same year the "History and Folklore Research of Atalanti Company" was also founded.
In 1992 the Athletic Football Club "Atalanti 92" was founded and the first radio station in town was on air.
Since 1993 economic migrants from Balkan countries (Albania, Bulgaria, Romania), central Europe (Poland) and Asia (Pakistan, India, China) begin to settle in town permanently or temporarily.
In 1998 the Archaeological Museum of Atalanti opened and the "Aianteios Municipal Theatre" began operating.
In 2010 the City of Atalanti under the Kallikratis plan, joined with the municipalities of Malesina, Opountia and Dafnousia and form the municipality of Locris (or municipality Lokroi). The seat of the municipality became town of Atalanti.
Tourism - Sightseeing - Cultural Activities.
Among other Points of Interest of the region are:
The catacomb of St. Athanasius or "Chamaithanasis" in the center of town is a Roman crypt. It is said that during the Turkish occupation it was used as a secret school (Krifo scholio). In the background of the catacomb there is the St. Athanasius Church.
The church of St. Seraphim is located in the forest above the town of Atalanti.
The monastery of St. Anargiri, built in the 17th century, located in the main road from Atalanti to Kirtoni.
The chapel of St. John the Roda, built in a location on the top of mountain Roda.
The archaeological museum of Atalanti was inaugurated in the summer of 1998 by the City of Atalanti, the 14th Ephorate of Prehistoric and Classical Antiquities at the expense of the municipality of Atalanti, the Hellenic Ministry of Culture and some other donors. It is a relatively small but a very important premise as it is a neoclassical building which it used to be the old high school in the area. The exhibits came from the region of Locris and they are divided according to chronological and thematic sections that they cover the prehistoric and historic period up until Roman times. In the museum and at the museum's courtyard visitors can see tombstones, pottery for everyday use, tools, jewelry, idols, etc.
Just 6 km from Atalanti and by the sea is the port of Skala Atalanti, with many fish restaurants, cafes and bars. Skala is one of the most beautiful sandy beaches in Locris. It is the main beach of Atalanti and is located just 6 km from the city. The beach is relatively long and wide and well organized. Also along the beach there are playgrounds and a beach volley and a tennis court. It even has water sports. The beach is full of restaurants. It is important to mention that in Skala is located the port authority.
In the area there are the churches of Analipsi and of Panagia. The beach of Skala from 1980's until today receives the Blue Flag.
The Atalanti Lagoon is located south of the bay of Atalanti. It is a shallow coastal lagoon that is separated from the sea with a dividing strip and communicates with it through an opening.
The Council of Atalanti in cooperation with local cultural institutions of the city hold many cultural events:
Carnival.
This custom holds from around the late 1970s. With that begins the Pre-Lenten Season and cultural clubs of the city host carnival dances for all ages. In older times people used to masquerade and pay visits to friendly homes asking them the classic game of "guess who I am."
The main parade consists of hiker groups and floats that satirize current issues and affairs. Schools, clubs and many volunteers are participating. The feast takes place in the town's main street. They pass through as the crowds’ cheers them. At the end in the central square the traditional burning of the carnival takes place. Before that, dancing and singing around the "gaitanaki” are happening. On the next day of the carnival, (“Kathara Deftera”) everybody heads to the beach of Skala. There is celebrated the well-known Lent. The City of Atalanti has established this day each year and offers its guests traditional soup, Lent meals, wine and halva (a traditional sweet). Young and older people try to fly as high as they can their kites.
Wine Festival.
Each fall, after the grape harvest the "wine festival" takes place. It is a fiesta with no specific date but has been established since 1996 by the City of Atalanti. The area has a big tradition in wine production. Two places of the valley are named Kato and Pano Ampelia (vines). The feast takes place in the central square. Traditional music and food prevail and visitors can drink wine for free. The wine is an offer of local wine producers.
Sardine Festival.
Every July the traditional feast of sardines takes place. It is also a fiesta without a specific date. The festival is happening in Skala of Atalanti. The City of Atalanti in collaboration with the cultural associations of Scala organize a great feast where sardines, wine, salad and bread are served to guests for free. The feast is accompanied by traditional bands that play music.
Choral Festival of Atalanti.
The Choral Festival of Atalanti started in the early 1980s and continues to this day. In 2011 completed 30 years of continuous activity. Until 1996 the festival took place at the main square of the city but since 1997 and until now the festival is organized in the Aianteio Municipal Theatre of Atalanti. It is carried out always in June but not in a certain date. Besides the locals choirs “Armonia” (Harmony), "Proodos" (Progress), and the Chorus of Atalanti, at the festival also participate choirs from all over Greece and abroad.
Annual trade fair.
On the 6 each August the Transfiguration of Christ, is celebrated for six days with a trade fair in Atalanti. It is otherwise called "Pazaria" (Bazaar). This celebration started in the 18th century and originally was a cattle market. As society was evolving it became a trade fair. In the center Atalanti retailers gather from different regions of the country and sell their commodities. They also offer evenings with traditional music instruments in the town square and in shops where you can eat and drink.

</doc>
<doc id="5875121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875121" title="Andradina">
Andradina

Andradina is a Brazilian city of the state of São Paulo.
Transportation.
The city can be accessed mainly by Rodovia Marechal Cândido Rondon/BR-300 (Marechal Rondon highway).

</doc>
<doc id="5875126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875126" title="Gamesmaster (comics)">
Gamesmaster (comics)

Gamesmaster (Jeremy Stevens) is a fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe. His first appearance was in "Uncanny X-Men #283" (1991).
Fictional character biography.
Very little is known about the life of the mutant known as the Gamesmaster. In his own words, he is "like Churchill's riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma". Presumably, his mutant ability to read the minds of every sentient being on the planet emerged at an early age, affecting his sanity. At some point, the Gamesmaster was contacted by the immortal sorceress Selene, then Black Queen of the Hellfire Club and together they organized the Upstarts, a competition for wealthy and powerful individuals with the sole purpose of killing mutants for points in a twisted game. He agreed, if only to provide a distraction from the constant chatter in his mind. By focusing on the ambitious and powerful thoughts of the Upstarts, the Gamesmaster was able to somewhat drown out the rest of the world.
In his capacity as referee of the Upstarts' games, the Gamesmaster oversaw the Upstarts' activities, which included confrontations with the team of adolescent mutants known as the Hellions and the team of superhuman mutant adventurers known as the X-Men. When Selene was removed from the game by the Upstart Trevor Fitzroy, the Gamesmaster continued to monitor the competition.
After the Upstarts captured several young former members of the mutant trainee team the New Mutants and took them to the Gamesmaster's base in the Swiss Alps, their teammates in X-Force and the New Warriors attempted to rescue them. The Gamesmaster would have defeated them if not for the intervention of Paige Guthrie, the mutant sister of X-Force's Cannonball, who argued that a greater game would be to compete with Professor X, the telepathic founder of the X-Men, and others like him who hoped to find and guide the next generation of mutants. The Gamesmaster agreed and, after allowing the heroes to leave, disbanded the Upstarts.
Later, the Gamesmaster took possession of both Doctor Weisman of the Weisman Institute for the Criminally Insane and one of the patients, a young boy named Jeremy Stevens. The Institute had a history of involvement with Xavier, who sensed something was amiss and sent Siryn, the mutant daughter of former X-Man Banshee, to investigate. On arriving, the Gamesmaster clouded Siryn's memories, but she was rescued by her ally, the mercenary known as Deadpool. Unbeknownst to Siryn, Deadpool himself was captured but she eventually became aware of his predicament and, with the help of her X-Force teammate Shatterstar, came to his rescue.
The Gamesmaster later forced Shatterstar to return to the Institute. Shatterstar's life had become intertwined with that of one of the Institute's patients, Benjamin Russell, and Shatterstar merged with the body of Russell in order to live. As this all occurred under the watchful eye of the Gamesmaster, the full implications of these events have yet to be revealed.
Soon after, the Gamesmaster attempted to mind control members of the X-Men by trapping them into a world of his own design in order to hide the fact that he had kidnapped the telepathic Jean Grey. However, the X-Men learned of the Gamesmaster's deception and confronted him. The Gamesmaster subsequently revealed that it was part of a game he was playing with the X-Men to see how they would react to their perfect world, one that feared mutants no longer. He took Grey prisoner as she was the only telepath among the X-Men who could challenge him. However, the Gamesmaster had underestimated the X-Man named Joseph, unknowingly a clone of the self-styled master of magnetism Magneto, and it was this error that allowed Grey to break free and defeat the Gamesmaster.
Gamesmaster resurfaced in the pages of x-23 #1 (2010) and still in possession of his mutant powers after M-day. He showed a strong interest in the mutant X-23 and promised to watch her closely even against her will.
Powers and abilities.
The Gamesmaster is an omnipath; a superhuman telepath so powerful that he can hear the thoughts of every being on the planet. However, he cannot block the thoughts out, and thus his mind is constantly filled with six billion voices unless he is able to greatly concentrate on a distraction. The Gamesmaster also possesses the ability to manipulate the thoughts of others, and has suggested that he is able to manipulate the thoughts of the entire population of the Earth simultaneously, though it was determined by Jean Grey that this statement was false, in an attempt to have Magneto be bent to his will. He has previously shown capable of manipulating the thoughts of an entire town, as he did with Salem Center in New York. 
To a lesser extent, the Gamesmaster is also able to control the actions of other sentient beings, as well as their thoughts. He has also proven capable of keeping other superhuman abilities in check, such as he once did with the X-Man Rogue. So far only three people have proven to be immune to his powers; Jean Grey, Husk (although Husk was only able to resist his telepathy by "husking" into a certain form) and Speedball.

</doc>
<doc id="5875130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875130" title="Hakoah Vienna">
Hakoah Vienna

Hakoah Vienna () was an Austrian sports club. 
Prior to World War II, it produced several Olympic athletes and was notable for fielding an entirely Jewish association football team with players drawn from across Europe. Closed down by the Nazis in 1938 following the "Anschluss", it re-formed in 1945, though its football team was disbanded in 1949.
History.
A pair of Austrian Zionists, cabaret librettist ("Kabarettist") Fritz "Beda" Löhner and dentist Ignaz Herman Körner, founded the club in 1909. Influenced by Max Nordau's doctrine of "Muscular Judaism" (), they named the club "Hakoah" (Hebrew: הכח), meaning "the strength" or "the power" in Hebrew. In its first year, the club's athletes competed in fencing, football, field hockey, track & field, wrestling and swimming.
Hakoah Vienna was one of the first football teams to market themselves globally by travelling frequently where they would attract thousands of Jewish fans to their matches against local teams in cities such as London and New York. Support for Hakoah spread around Europe rapidly as Jews as far as Russia and the United States avidly supported Hakoah Vienna who took advantage of such support by setting up very successful tours and friendlies. As the first "Jewish" team, Hakoah attracted the attention of prominent Jewish figures including author Franz Kafka.
Hakoah finished second in the Austrian league in 1922.
On the team's trip to London in 1923, they managed to defeat West Ham United by a score of 5–1, admittedly against a largely reserve team. Nevertheless, Hakoah became the first continental club to defeat an English team in England.
In a dramatic game of the 1924–25 season, Hakoah's Hungarian-born goalkeeper Alexander Fabian broke his arm. The rules at the time did not allow substitutions so Fabian put his arm in a sling and switched positions with a forward. Seven minutes later Fabian scored the winning goal, clinching Hakoah's league championship.
In 1926, the team conducted a highly successful tour of the United States. Their game at New York City's Polo Grounds attracted 46,000 spectators, a record at the time. Many of the team's players, impressed by the relative lack of anti-Semitism they found, decided to stay in the United States, accepting offers to play for American clubs. Several of these players formed a club called New York Hakoah which won the National Challenge Cup in 1929. A few players emigrated to Mandate Palestine and founded Hakoah Tel Aviv football club there. The loss of so many talented players effectively put an end to the Austrian football team's competitiveness.
The athletic club's success extended beyond the football pitch. Hakoah had highly successful sections in wrestling, fencing, water polo, and swimming among other sports. At its pre-war peak, the club had over 5000 members. "Watermarks", a 2004 documentary film, tells the story of the Hakoah women's swim team with historical footage from the 1930s and contemporary interviews with surviving team members.
After the "Anschluss" of 1938, the German Football Association banned the club and nullified their games. Their stadium was appropriated and given to the Nazi party. In 1945 the club was founded again and exists today. The football team, which played in the second division of the Austrian championship after World War II, became defunct in 1949.
Revival.
In 2000, the Jewish community of Vienna purchased the club's old fields within Prater park for €10 million with the intention of building a new community center. As of 2006, the club had about 400 members and its football team plays in Austria's minor leagues under the name SC Maccabi Wien. The club opened its new home on 11 March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5875133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875133" title="The New Great Game">
The New Great Game

The New Great Game is a conceptualization of modern geopolitics in Middle East as a competition between the United States, the United Kingdom and other NATO countries against Russia for "influence, power, hegemony and profits in Central Asia and the Transcaucasus". It is a reference to "The Great Game", the political rivalry between the British and Russian Empires in Central Asia during the 19th century.
Overview.
Many authors and analysts view this new "game" as centering around regional petroleum politics. Now, instead of competing for actual control over a geographic area, "pipelines, tanker routes, petroleum consortiums, and contracts are the prizes of the new Great Game". The term has become prevalent throughout the literature about the region, appearing in book titles, academic journals, news articles, and government reports.
In a leaked US Embassy cable released by WikiLeaks, it was reported that Prince Andrew, Duke of York, supports the concept of a New Great Game:
Addressing the Ambassador directly, Prince Andrew then turned to regional politics. He stated boldly that “the United Kingdom, Western Europe (and by extension you Americans too)” were now back in the thick of playing the Great Game. More animated than ever, he stated cockily: “And this time we aim to win!”
Difference with the Great Game.
Noopolitik in the New Great Game.
After Halford Mackinder in his book The Grand Chessboard, Zbigniew Brzezinski had emphasized the unparalleled value Central Asia had among US geostrategic imperatives. Yet in his later book, "The Choice: Global dominance or Global Leadership" Brzezinski notably argued the USA should resort to more Soft Power in attempting to politically command key areas of central Asia. Similarly, Idriss Aberkane claimed Noopolitik was playing a more central role than ever in the balance of power of the New Great Game, as innovation was the simplest way for Great Gamers to alter the complex status quo and regional balance of power. 
Aberkane therefore argued that the projection of development and Confidence building measures was gaining momentum as a means to leverage political intercourses by other means in Central Asia, and that such was a novel feature of the New Great Game as opposed to the Great Game.
Man is thus free to demonstrate the realist political profitability of peace and the Millennium Development Goals in this new round of the Great Game (...) we anticipate it be defined by noopolitik and the knowledge economy, beyond geography, the most promising means for any Great Gamer to decisively prevail over the many others.
Similarity with the Great Game.
"The Graveyard of Empires".
Afghanistan expert Seth Jones published "In the Graveyard of Empires: America's War in Afghanistan", a book analyzing Afghanistan's popular name as "The Graveyard of Empires". It is argued that Afghanistan is a position of the Great Game that is impossible to hold over a protracted period, which seems to have remained an invariant from the Great Game to the New Great Game

</doc>
<doc id="5875137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875137" title="Pseudo-penis">
Pseudo-penis

A pseudo-penis is any structure found on an animal that, while superficially appearing to be a penis, is derived from a different developmental path.
Mammals.
In mammals, all intact developmentally typical males have a penis, but the clitoris in the females of the following species is sufficiently enlarged that it is usually termed a pseudo-penis: spotted hyena, squirrel monkey, lemur, juvenile fossa and binturong. The enlarged clitoris in the fossa is supported by an os clitoridis, a bone similar to the os penis found in most mammals. However, the fossa's os clitoridis and pseudo-penis shrink as the juvenile female grows, unlike that of other pseudo-penis species. The labia of the spider monkey are elongated and may be similarly confused during display. Elongated labia are also observed in humans.
The mammalian pseudo-penis appears to be simply for display, though the spotted hyena is an exception: the female spotted hyena additionally uses her pseudo-penis for urination, copulation, and childbirth. In addition, this makes it difficult for males to mate without the full cooperation of females, which means that mating preferences of the female are predominant.
Female spider monkeys have a clitoris that is referred to as a pseudo-penis because it is especially developed and has a shallow perineal groove that retains and distributes urine droplets as the female moves around. The clitoris of female Geoffroy's spider monkeys is large and protrudes, looking like a penis. This organ, called a pendulous clitoris because of the way it dangles externally, is actually larger than the male flaccid penis. As a result, females are sometimes mistaken for males by human observers. The enlarged clitoris is believed to aid males in determining sexual receptiveness, allowing them to touch the clitoris and smell their fingers to pick up chemical or olfactory cues to the female's reproductive status.
Birds.
A notable example of a bird with a pseudo-penis is the Red-billed Buffalo Weaver, which can still mate even if its pseudo-penis is disabled.
Only 3% of bird species have a phallus: the common urogenital arrangement for both males and females is the cloaca, through which all elimination and reproduction (via juxtaposed cloacas) occurs, but certain bird species, particularly ratites, screamers, waterfowl, and
cracids (a family of arboreal galliformes) exhibit a phallus in the male, a structure derived from the internal cloacal wall which is generally associated with sperm competition. Popularised species include the Ruddy duck and the Argentine lake duck. The corkscrew-shaped phallus of the latter can approach 16 inches in length.

</doc>
<doc id="5875148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875148" title="List of mayors of Bogotá">
List of mayors of Bogotá

This is a list of mayors of Bogotá since 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="5875157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875157" title="Kålltorp">
Kålltorp

Kålltorp is a district in Gothenburg, Sweden which belongs to Härlanda borough.

</doc>
<doc id="5875166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875166" title="Björkekärr">
Björkekärr

Björkekärr is an officially defined district in Gothenburg, Sweden which belongs to the Härlanda borough.

</doc>
<doc id="5875168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875168" title="Fräntorp">
Fräntorp

Fräntorp is a district in Gothenburg, Sweden which belongs to Härlanda borough.

</doc>
<doc id="5875170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875170" title="Valerie Caton">
Valerie Caton

Valerie Caton (born 12 May 1952), was the British Ambassador to Finland 2006-2010. She succeeded Matthew Kirk, who resigned the posting. She is married to David Harrison, by whom she has two children, a son and a daughter.
She began her career in 1982 as the UK Representation to the EU in Brussels: Second Secretary & later First Secretary (EC Affairs) at the British Embassy in Brussels; this lasted until 1984. From 1984 - 1986 she was the Desk Officer at the Southern Africa Department.
After several years in Paris as First Secretary (Political), in 1993 she was named Deputy Head of Mission and Consul-General in Stockholm. This position lasted until 1996. 
She returned to Paris from 1997 until 2001 as 
Financial and Economic Counsellor. In 2002 she became
Head of Environment Policy Department, and in 2006 she was named as Head of Climate Change and Energy Group.

</doc>
<doc id="5875172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875172" title="Gladstone Dock railway station">
Gladstone Dock railway station

Gladstone Dock railway station was a station in Bootle, Sefton, England, located on the North Mersey Branch. Situated west of Rimrose Road (A565) within the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board Estate, it was named after the nearby Gladstone Dock. It opened on 7 September 1914 and closed on 7 July 1924.
Although closed to passengers, the line remained in use for freight up until 1971. However, the embankment on which the single platform station was situated has long since been demolished. There is no evidence of the station's existence, as the site is within what is now the Royal Seaforth Dock.

</doc>
<doc id="5875173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875173" title="Strömmensberg">
Strömmensberg

Strömmensberg is a district in Gothenburg, Sweden which belongs to Örgryte borough. It is a part of the officially defined residential district Bagaregården.

</doc>
<doc id="5875174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875174" title="Trocar">
Trocar

A trocar (variant: "trochar"; from French: via "troquard", alteration of "trois-quarts" from "trois" (three) + "quart" (quarter), i.e., 'three-quarters', term first recorded in the "Dictionnaire des Arts et des Sciences", 1694, by Thomas Corneille, younger brother of Pierre Corneille) is a medical device that is made up of an Obturator (which may be a metal or plastic sharpened or non-bladed tip), a (Cannula) (basically a hollow tube), and a seal. Trocars are placed through the abdomen during laparoscopic surgery.
The trocar functions as a portal for the subsequent placement of other instruments, such as graspers, scissors, staplers, etc.
History.
Originally, doctors used trocars to relieve pressure build-up of fluids (edema) or gasses (bloat). Patents for trocars appeared early in the 19th century, although their use dated back possibly thousands of years. By the middle of the 19th century, trocar-cannulas had become sophisticated, such as Reginald Southey's invention of the Southey tube.
Applications.
In modern times, surgical trocars are used to perform laparoscopic ('keyhole') surgery. They are deployed as a means of introduction for cameras and laparoscopic hand instruments, such as scissors, graspers, etc., to perform surgery hitherto carried out by making a large abdominal incision ('open' surgery), something that has revolutionized patient care. Today, surgical trocars are most commonly a single patient use instrument and have graduated from the 'three point' design that gave them their name, to either a flat bladed 'dilating-tip' product, or something that is entirely blade free. This latter design offers greater patient safety due to the technique used to insert them.
Trocars are also used near the end of the embalming process to provide drainage of bodily fluids and organs after the vascular replacement of blood with embalming chemicals. Rather than a round tube being inserted, the three sided knife of the classic trocar would split the outer skin into three "wings" which was then easily sutured closed in a less obtrusive way. It is attached to a suction hose (which usually is attached to a running water source and drain known as a hydroaspirator). The process of removing gas, fluids,and semi-solids from the body cavities and hollow organs using the trocar is known as aspiration. The instrument is inserted into the body two inches to the left and two inches up from the navel. After the thoracic, abdominal, and pelvic cavities have been aspirated, the embalmer injects cavity fluid into the thoracic, abdominal and pelvic cavities using a smaller trocar attached via a hose which is connected to a bottle of high index cavity fluid. The bottle is held upside down in the air so as to let gravity take the cavity fluid through the trocar and into the cavities. The embalmer moves the trocar in the same manner that he or she used when aspirating the cavities in order to fully and evenly distribute the chemical.
After cavity embalming has been finished, the puncture is commonly sealed using a small, plastic object resembling a screw, called a trocar button.
Veterinary use.
Trocars are also used by veterinarians and their applications include relieving of acute cases of cow bloat. A wide-bore trocar can be passed through the skin into the stomach to remove the gas, alternatively the trocars may be inserted directly into the stomach following anaesthesia in order to reduce the chances of infection.

</doc>
<doc id="5875176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875176" title="Lucia, California">
Lucia, California

Lucia is an unincorporated community in Monterey County, California. It is located east of Lopez Point, at an elevation of 354 feet (108 m). Lucia is one of the three small settlements of restaurants, and motels located along State Route 1 on the Big Sur coast. The ZIP Code is 93920, but mail sent to Lucia must be addressed "Big Sur", and the community is inside area code 831.
A post office operated at Lucia from 1900 to 1933, moving in 1906, and from 1936 to 1938. The name honors Lucia Dani, its first postmaster. The movie Zandy's Bride is loosely based on the Harlan clan that still operates the facilities.
Government.
At the county level, Lucia is represented on the Monterey County Board of Supervisors by Supervisor Dave Potter . In the California State Assembly, Lucia is represented by Bill Monning as part of the 27th Assembly district. In the State Senate, Lucia is represented by Sam Blakeslee as part of the 15th State Senate district. In the U.S. House of Representatives, Lucia is part of California's 17th congressional district, represented by Sam Farr.

</doc>
<doc id="5875177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875177" title="Colonial High School">
Colonial High School

Colonial High School is a high school located in Orlando, Florida. As of August 2008 the school serves over 3,500 students in grades 9 through 12, making it one of the largest schools in Florida. Colonial has one of the biggest production studios in Orange County, Florida, headed by Nathan Whaley. From 1999-2002, the school received a large ($49 Million) facelift. The graduating class of 2003 was the first class to have graduated from the new campus; however the commencement took place in the then-called TD Waterhouse Arena (now the Amway Arena). In 2008, they celebrated in their 50th anniversary. The class of 2009 was their 50th graduating class. The school's principal is Doctor Johnathan Prince. Colonial High School has a large Hispanic population, at 65%, 21% White, 10% Black, 3% Asian, and 1% multicultural.
Athletics.
The school's athletic teams are known as the Grenadiers.
Extracurricular Clubs.
Colonial High School hosts many extracurricular clubs, among which are chapters of the National Beta Club, National Honor Society, and National FFA Organization. Other organizations include Student Government, Choir, Band, the FIRST robotics team, 945 or "Team Banana", and The National Hispanic Society, that is committed to have a positive impact in the communities of the Orlando Area.
Ninth Grade Center.
The Ninth Grade Center was established as part of an effort to the crowding at Colonial High School's main campus. In 2006, the campus finished a renovation process, complete with new classrooms, offices, basketball courts, lockers, a gymnasium and a cafeteria. The students can also take a bus over to main campus after school for sports, drama, and other extra curricular activities. The gym was dedicated to Robert C. Allen, Jr., the Principal of the Center for many years.
WCHS News.
WCHS News is the name for Colonial High School morning announcements. Morning announcements are produced every morning during first/second period. In recent months, WCHS News has gone under a major transformation involving changes to the studio news set, graphics and newscast pace.
Student Government Association.
Colonial High School's Student Government Association (SGA) organizes and overlooks all school events, such as pep rallies, fundraisers, dances, and community service. They have held positions in the district, state, and national offices.

</doc>
<doc id="5875180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875180" title="Vidkärr">
Vidkärr

Vidkärr is a district in Gothenburg, Sweden which belongs to Härlanda borough. The district is demarcated by the districts Strömmensberg to the west, Torpa to the east, Kålltorp to the south (by Torpagatan) and by the road E20 to the north. Vidkärr is quite commonly referred to as "Munkebäck". The commuter train between Gothenburg and Alingsås stops here at "Sävenäs".
Here you can find Torpavallen, the home arena of the football team Qviding FIF.

</doc>
<doc id="5875183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875183" title="Sindy">
Sindy

Sindy is a British fashion doll created by Pedigree Dolls & Toys in 1963. A rival to Barbie, Sindy's wholesome look and range of fashions and accessories made it the best selling toy in the United Kingdom in 1968 and 1970. After Marx Toys' unsuccessful attempt to introduce Sindy in the United States in the late 1970s, Hasbro bought the rights to Sindy and remodelled the doll to look more American. As a result, the doll's popularity declined and Barbie manufacturer Mattel filed a lawsuit for copyright infringement, which was settled when Hasbro agreed to remodel Sindy's face. During the 1990s, Barbie's share of the doll market continued to grow while Sindy's diminished, which led to Sindy being delisted from major retailers in 1997. Hasbro returned the doll's licence to Pedigree, and the doll was relaunched in 1999, manufactured by Vivid Imaginations. Sindy's 40th anniversary in 2003 saw a new manufacturer, New Moons, and another relaunch and redesign.
Development and launch.
After 20 years of producing dolls, Pedigree Dolls & Toys, a British company located in Exeter, sought to expand its product range to include a trendy fashion doll. American toy manufacturer Mattel offered Pedigree a licence to produce Barbie, which Pedigree declined due to market research showing Barbie was unpopular with British buyers. Instead Pedigree manufactured its own doll based on another American doll, Tammy. With permission from Tammy's manufacturer, the Ideal Toy Company, Pedigree also borrowed Tammy's slogan, "The doll you love to dress". The name "Sindy" was chosen after a street poll where young girls were shown a photo of the doll and asked to choose their favourite name from a list of four. The most popular choice was "Cindy", and the spelling made more unique for trademarking. 
The Sindy doll was launched in September 1963, and London retailers were sent a promotional 45rpm gramophone record to introduce the doll, which included Pedigree's marketing text below.
Sindy is the free, swinging girl that every little girl longs to be. Sindy has sports clothes, glamour clothes, everyday clothes — a dog, skates, a gramophone — everything... Every genuine Sindy outfit is a child's dream come true. Each one is designed for today's fashionable young women by today's leading women designers. They are authentic miniature replicas of the latest adult clothes.
Brand and doll evolution.
Developing accessories and American release.
Pedigree Toys' market research was correct – Sindy's "girl next door" look made her more popular than Barbie in Britain. Sindy's boyfriend Paul was released in 1965, and her younger sister Patch in 1966. Sindy's friends Vicki and Mitzi, and Patch's friends Poppet and Betsy debuted in 1968. Sindy was the best selling toy in Britain in 1968 and 1970. Sindy's success in the 1960s was partly due to the increasing range of accessories, with up to 70% of Sindy's turnover from sales of accessories. Mattel did not greatly expand Barbie's accessories until the 1980s, and this was a significant difference between the dolls. 
During the 1970s, Pedigree focused on developing more Sindy products and neglected advertising and market research, risking Sindy's "girl next door" image becoming old-fashioned. In 1978, Sindy was introduced to the United States market by Marx Toys. Most of Sindy's accessories and fashions were similar to those sold in the United Kingdom, except for the addition of a friend, Gayle, and a McDonald's-themed Sindy. Marx Toys went into receivership in 1980 and Sindy was withdrawn from the US market.
Focus on relaunches, fashion and advertising.
During the 1980s, Pedigree's new marketing director David Brown made several changes, including increasing advertising and market research, and consulting often with fashion experts to ensure the doll's image was kept up to date. Pedigree produced a number of evening dresses designed by The Emmanuels, famous for designing Princess Diana's wedding gown, shortly after Mattel released gowns for Barbie designed by Oscar de la Renta. Due to its success, a second collection of designs was released the next year, including a bubble dress and lingerie. An older-looking Sindy doll was released in 1985, with male and female companions Mark and Marie. The advertising campaign was worth £1.5 million.
In 1986, Sindy manufacturers took advantage of new colour-changing technology and released Magic Moments Sindy, a doll whose hair and swimming costume changed colour when immersed in warm water. Sindy's senior designer Jane Braithwaite travelled to Paris each month to research fashion trends for Sindy's clothing in an attempt to reverse declining sales. As an example of Sindy's continually updated fashions, during this period the doll's footwear included kitten heels, sandals, knee-high boots, ankle boots, trainers, slippers, court shoes and slingbacks.
In 1987, Sindy's product manager Edward Machin announced that Sindy would reclaim the lead over Barbie within two years. Hasbro redesigned Sindy and spent approximately £1.5 m on advertising. A Sindy magazine was also launched in this period to challenge the fortnightly Barbie magazine. A £1 million advertising campaign was introduced in 1991 with five advertisements highlighting Sindy's collection of beach and pool wear. The advertisement showed footage of Sindy combined with live action sequences from a look-alike.
In 1993, Sindy was featured in a £500,000 advertising campaign for the fashion company Alexon Group. Sindy was used to contrast her childish fashion with the sophistication of Alexon's fashion range. Each double page spread showed Sindy in a typical outfit superimposed on a real-life setting. The opposite page showed a real woman dressed in Alexon's clothes above the line 'Dressing up for grown ups'.
Brand decline and lawsuits.
Hasbro introduced Sindy in France and continental Europe in 1994 after minor facial modifications to reduce her resemblance to Barbie. A Neilsen study suggested Sindy could obtain 20% of the ₣500-600 m market in France alone. The chief executive of Hasbro France, Paul Audouy, said recent innovations such as the ability for Sindy to swim and walk a small dog would strengthen her market position. Hasbro invested ₣5 million in the first week of her advertising launch. A new black friend for Sindy was released in 1995, named Imani, 30 years after Sindy's American friend Gayle was withdrawn after low sales. Hasbro released the new doll in response to "overwhelming demand".
Hasbro withdrew its £5.5 m advertising support for the Sindy doll in 1997 amid rumours that major retailers were planning to delist the doll. The editor of UK Toy News, Jon Salisbury, said, "This is Hasbro taking Sindy out of its main range. But she is running so far behind Barbie it is almost a non-issue. If delisted by bigger retailers, which seems to be happening, then the brand will lose momentum". In 1994, Sindy had a seven percent share of the £70 m doll market, and Barbie held 16%. By 1996, Barbie's share had increased to 30%, estimated by Mattel to be worth £100 m per year including licensing deals, and Sindy's share had only climbed to eight percent. Sindy's popularity had also been overtaken during that period by Polly Pocket. One explanation for the large variation in market share is the unpopular Americanisation of the Sindy doll in the mid-1980s. The Sindy doll was still available to retailers during this period, but had to be ordered in bulk from the Hong Kong manufacturer.
Return to Pedigree Toys and further doll makeovers.
Sindy and Barbie went head-to-head in August 1999, when both manufacturers created large advertising campaigns for the dolls and Sindy was relaunched. The manufacturers updated the dolls' images and revamped them with a "millennium look". Sindy was transformed into a younger-looking doll with "new themes, new friends and a new family, fitting today's environment and in tune with the street-cred concerns of today's young girls", according to Vivid Imaginations' marketing director, Paul Weston, from the company then producing Sindy. Pedigree, which owns the rights to Sindy, licensed the doll to Vivid Imaginations after Hasbro ceased production of the doll. The doll market in the United Kingdom during this time was worth £77 million, with Barbie holding a share of over 75%.
The Sindy doll entered the digital world in 2000 when Pedigree Toys introduced an official website. Monitor Media, the website design company, said, "Sindy.com brings Sindy to life for six-year-old girls just getting to grips with computers while sitting on their Mum's knee. They can dress her up, paint her bedroom in different colours, read her secret diary, chat with other Sindy fans and send her e-mails".
In 40 years, nearly 100 million Sindy dolls were sold in Britain alone, and in 2003, Sindy was relaunched for her 40th birthday. Her figure was changed to more closely resemble the girls the doll is marketed towards. Denise Deane, the head of design and development at New Moons, the new Sindy manufacturer, said, "She's lost the big breasts and very long legs, and we've completely changed her face. She's totally unrecognisable. Sindy's still very popular, but she has been neglected over the last few years, and we don't think people are identifying with that look. She's going to look like a 15-year-old, and we've designed her to wear trainers." The doll was released in two versions: six-inch and full-size.
Sindy was relaunched again in 2006, this time resembling a 12 to 14 year old. Jerry Reynolds, chief executive officer of Pedigree Toys explained, "If you take the Sindy of yester-year she was between 12 and 14 years while Barbie was twenty-something. She got too close to Barbie in the '80s and '90s and has now effectively returned to that younger positioning." The doll was again released in two sizes, with the standard-size Sindy a Woolworths exclusive, after Woolworths had not stocked a Sindy doll for four years. The 2006 Sindy was aimed at three- to five-year old girls, younger than the audience targeted by Bratz dolls, and mothers who wanted a more innocent-looking doll for their daughters than Barbie or Bratz dolls.
Controversies and lawsuits.
The January 1989 redesign made Sindy look more similar to her rival Barbie. In response, Mattel sought and won an injunction against Hasbro after claiming the new Sindy doll was easily confused with their product. After a French court decided that the Sindy doll infringed on Mattel's copyright in early 1992, the case was settled in December when Hasbro agreed to alter Sindy's face. Mattel and Hasbro released the following joint statement, "Hasbro has remodeled the head of Sindy in a way which Mattel and Hasbro have agreed is acceptable. As a result, Mattel has agreed to drop all outstanding lawsuits relating to Sindy and Barbie around the world. Each party will be responsible for its own costs". The case was previously ruled in Hasbro's favour in Spain and Greece.
Similar to many fashion dolls, including Barbie, Sindy has been criticised by feminist groups who said her figure set an unrealistic standard for young girls. After Hasbro returned the brand to Pedigree Toys, Pedigree responded to the backlash against "cosmetically enhanced bimbo" dolls by making Sindy more wholesome and less shapely.
A minor controversy occurred in 1998 when Hasbro expressed a desire to make a Sindy doll that looked like Princess Diana, shortly after former prime minister John Major recommended sensitivity when making commercial deals to honour the late princess. The Princess' Memorial Fund denied Hasbro's request, but did not rule out the possibility of a future doll, "if it met the requirements of the trustees and was judged acceptable to the public".
Collecting.
The Sindy doll is popular among collectors, and websites provide advice on how to re-root the doll's hair and replace parts. Mint condition dolls are the most sought after. Many collectors shunned the "American look" Sindy developed by Hasbro, while the value of the Pedigree dolls increased. In 2003, a first-edition Sindy, complete with original Foale and Tuffin "Weekenders" outfit (jeans and a striped sweatshirt), box and fashion booklet was worth approximately £160-200. Sindy's rarer friends Gayle (a doll made for the American market in 1975) was worth up to £400, and Mitzi (her French friend from 1968) up to £500.
December 2006 saw the launch of a collectible version of the original Sindy, one called "Classic Sindy" and manufactured in porcelain. Created by Anne Zielinski-Old, distributed by the Danbury Mint and still licensed by Pedigree Dolls & Toys, the "Weekender" was the first in a series.
With Sindy doll's 50th birthday approaching in 2013, Pedigree toys are designing a new range of merchandise. This will include laptop covers, notepaper, mobile phone cases, gift tags, shoes and accessories aimed at teenagers. A new doll has been reported to be in the design stages. Pedigree Toys say an announcement will follow.

</doc>
<doc id="5875184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5875184" title="São Manuel">
São Manuel

São Manuel is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population in 2007 was 37,797 and the area is 652.72 km². The elevation is 709 m.

</doc>
