<doc id="5973680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973680" title="2006 Washington Huskies football team">
2006 Washington Huskies football team

The 2006 Washington Huskies football team represented the University of Washington in the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team's coach was former Notre Dame and Stanford coach Tyrone Willingham. Washington played its home games at Husky Stadium in Seattle, Washington.
Background.
In 2004 the Huskies had a 1-10 season. Their lone victory over San Jose State led to Head Coach Keith Gilbertson leaving the team. Tyrone Willingham was hired after being dismissed from Notre Dame to lead the Huskies. While Washington saw an overall improvement on the team, they still struggled to win games, finishing with a 2-9 record. Some highlights of the 2005 season were victories over Idaho and Pac-10 foe Arizona, and holding USC to 390 yards, their lowest offensive total of the year.
Pre-season.
Head Coach Tyrone Willingham returns for his second year at the helm of the program. Redshirt Freshman J.R. Hasty (TB) was expected to have a big impact on the offensive line before being declared academically ineligible. Senior Isaiah Stanback and Sophomore Johnny Durocher are both challenging for the starting quarterback position. Incoming Junior College transfers are Anthony Atkins (DE), Jason Wells (S), and Jordan Murchison (CB). All are expected to fill holes in the team.
Washington does not appear in any pre-season rankings and was predicted to finish in 10th place in the Pac-10 Conference Media Poll.
Pre-season awards.
Sporting News Preseason All-Pac-10
Regular season.
USC.
In the fourth quarter, with 2 seconds left on the game clock, the Huskies moved the ball 15 yards shy of the end zone, stopping the clock by getting a first down. Before Isaiah Stanback could hike the ball, the clock ran out and they were unable to get off a final play. It was a controversial moment that many blamed on miscommunication from the officials regarding when the clock would start again.
Oregon State.
Linebacker Scott White intercepted two passes in the first half, setting up two touchdowns and giving Washington a 17–10 lead by halftime. However, the Huskies struggled in the second half both offensively and defensively. Oregon State quarterback Matt Moore connected with wide receiver Sammie Stroughter to give OSU a 27–17 lead. Late in the fourth quarter, Washington quarterback Isaiah Stanback suffered a Lisfranc fracture in his right foot; the injury requires surgery and Stanback will miss the remainder of the 2006 season.
California.
Back-up quarterback Carl Bonnell made his first start of the season filling in for the injured Isaiah Stanback. In his first start he threw two touchdown passes including a 40 yard hail mary pass to Marlon Wood to send the game into over time. However, Bonnell also threw five interceptions in regulation, and one in over time.

</doc>
<doc id="5973702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973702" title="Sonia Tschorne">
Sonia Tschorne

Sonia Tschorne Berestesky (born Santiago, 26 April 1954) is an architect and Chilean politician.
She studied architecture at the University of Chile, graduating in 1982. Later, she received a Masters degree at the Catholic University of Chile in urban planning.
She has been a militant for the Socialist Party for the last 16 years, working with the governments of the "concertación" since 1990. She became the Ministry of Public Works' National Director of Architecture and Deputy Secretary of Urban Development during the governments of Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle and Ricardo Lagos.
As an architect, one of her last and most important works was the Master Building Plan of Central Santiago. 
In 2004, she was designated Minister of Housing, Urban Development, National Goods, succeeding Jaime Ravinet.
In 2008, she was serving as Chile's Undersecretary of Public Works.

</doc>
<doc id="5973706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973706" title="Fire flapper (tool)">
Fire flapper (tool)

A flapper is a wildland firefighting tool also called a swatter or a beater. It is designed for extinguishing minor fires in rural areas such as heaths. A flapper is built with a long handle and a series of lamellas which allows firefighters to stand well back from the fire. The lamellas are constructed in either rubber or steel, though practically any other fireproof material could be used.
The fire is attacked from the wind-side by lightly swatting out the flames or glows with the thick flap. When the flapper hits the ground oxygen supply to the fire is stopped and the fire will be extinguished. Where ground cover is short, the flapper can be dragged along the fire edge to smother the fire. If used too hard it can add more oxygen to the fire. It is often recommended to either hose water on the area or keep it under observation, as there will always be a risk of it flaring up later.
Due to a flapper's small size it is unfit for use against a blazing forest fire or large burning fields. The tool's design makes it only suitable for minor flames or glows within a limited area. For fire fighting in larger areas it is much more convenient to take out hoses from a fire engine and spray selected areas. Alternatively a water cannon from a water tender can be used.
A flapper is often part of the standard equipment on a fire engine and may also be set up inside and around forests and at heaths in order to take immediate action if a fire is seen.
The flapper's technique has been developed from using a wet green pine bough to swat the fire known as "wet sacking" a fire.

</doc>
<doc id="5973708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973708" title="Let's Elope">
Let's Elope

Let's Elope (foaled in 1987 in New Zealand) is a Champion Thoroughbred racehorse in Australia.
Bred by Highview Stud in Hamilton, New Zealand, Let's Elope was a giant chestnut mare who in 1991 became the first mare in more than 50 years to complete Australia's famed Caulfield Cup - Melbourne Cup double (the "Cups double"). The last mare to complete the double had been Rivette in 1939.
By the Blushing Groom stallion Nassipour, out of Sharon Jane, she was a NZ$16,000 purchase at the 1989 New Zealand Magic Millions sale. Originally trained by Dave O'Sullivan for the Fleiter family, she was un-raced as a two-year-old but won her first start as a three-year-old in 1990. Despite showing above-average ability, her record in New Zealand was underwhelming, and, on the advice of her trainer, the owners accepted a NZ$150,000 offer for her. Her new owners, Dennis Marks and Kevin White, transferred her to the Australian stables of the “Cups King”, Bart Cummings.
Let's Elope was close-up in her first two starts for Cummings, and, while down the track in the wet at Caulfield, was a different horse on top of the ground. In a superb season, Let's Elope began a seven-race winning streak in the Turnbull Stakes, on the first weekend of October, took the Mackinnon Stakes and both the Cups, and returned in the new year for the Orr Stakes, the St George Stakes, and the Australian Cup, in course record time, on Labour Day in March. A fetlock injury then cut short her season, but Let's Elope had the 1992 Horse of the Year Award in her keeping.
She returned at five, and, while thwarted by wet tracks for much of the spring, won a match race with Better Loosen Up at Caulfield and was narrowly defeated by Super Impose in a classic Cox Plate (after the race, she was relegated from second to fifth for cutting off the unlucky Better Loosen Up). Ten days later, Let's Elope was one of three scratchings from the Melbourne Cup. After a bleeding attack in the Japan Cup, Let's Elope continued her career in the United States.
Conditioned in the U.S. by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Ron McAnally, Let's Elope won a minor race on debut, and was first past the post in the Grade I Beverly D. Stakes in front of Flawlessly before being relegated to third - under American rules, she was relegated for simply causing interference, not because the third horse would have beaten her home. The recurrence of a bleeding attack and a fractured cannon bone forced her retirement at the close of 1993.
At stud, Let's Elope has visited some of the world's greatest stallions, including Storm Cat, and, while considered slightly disappointing, has produced the stakeswinner Ustinov (by Seeking The Gold), who was placed in a number of Group One races and Outback Joe (by Elvstroem) winner of the 2014 Adelaide Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5973709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973709" title="Zentral-Dombauverein zu Köln von 1842">
Zentral-Dombauverein zu Köln von 1842

History.
Heine and the "Winter's Tale".
The most famous reference to the ZDV is in Heinrich Heine's satirical poem, "Germany. A Winter's Tale" ("Deutschland. Ein Wintermärchen", 1844) chapter IV. Heine sees the Cologne Cathedral as a monument to Catholicism and un-Germanness, Christian intolerance, and Cologne as a truly bad city, and calls the promoters, including the Prussians and their King, confused and counter-productive. Since he does so in superb and witty poetry - the Winter's Tale is generally acknowledged to be the high-point of lyrical satire in German -, the criticism has endured and is very striking. For Heine, the non-completion of the Cathedral is the "monument to Germany's power and Protestant mission".
Organization.
The ZDV is one of the very few associations that does not have to conform to the German "Vereinsrecht" (laws concerning NGO's), because it predates these laws. In fact, the ZDV is still governed according to the cabinet order of 8 December 1841 by the King of Prussia, Frederick William IV, who also was its first patron.
Today, the ZDV has over 10,000 members and a board of 40, of which 10 are replaced every 4 years. Membership is completely open, but it is still considered prestigious, especially in the Rhineland. Membership in the board is a good indicator that one belongs to the most wealthy and most respected insiders of Cologne, which is well known for its governance by a closed elite ("Kölscher Klüngel"). It is denoted by a small golden lapel pin showing the cathedral's facade and the letters ZDV. Members with a Wikipedia entry are listed at :Category:Members of the Zentrale Dombauverein zu Köln von 1842.
Finances.
Today, the annual budget of the Cathedral, which amounts to appr. US$ 3,5 million, is financed by half by the ZDV. The income comes from membership fees, donations, bequests, fines (German judges can order that fines in civil cases are paid to the ZDV), and especially a Federal lottery.
Legally, the Cathedral belongs to itself, not to the Catholic Church or the Archbishop; not even to the Metropolitan Chapter, which administers it based on the legal fiction that it has been charged with this by the Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="5973711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973711" title="Rudi Scholtz">
Rudi Scholtz

Rudi Scholtz (born 23 February 1979) was a South African-born Namibian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler.
Playing for the Namibia Under-19s, he performed in five matches in Youth One-day Internationals in 1997. Four years later, he would play at senior level for the first time when representing his adopted country in the 2001 ICC Trophy, held in Canada. Scholtz tends to occupy the tailend batting positions.

</doc>
<doc id="5973712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973712" title="Hennie Penterman">
Hennie Penterman

Hendrika ("Hennie") Penterman (born 29 September 1951) is a former medley swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1968 in Mexico City, Mexico. There she was eliminated in the qualifying heats of the 200 m and 400 m individual medley. Four years later in Munich, West Germany, the same happened for Penterman in both her events.

</doc>
<doc id="5973729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973729" title="Zdv">
Zdv

Zdv or ZDV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5973741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973741" title="List of power stations in Victoria (Australia)">
List of power stations in Victoria (Australia)

The following page lists all active and former power stations in Victoria, Australia. Power stations smaller than in nameplate capacity are not listed.
Loy Yang is the largest Power Station by capacity in Victoria.
Currently active.
Coal fired.
These fossil fuel power stations burn coal to generate some or all of the electricity they produce.
Gas turbine.
These gas turbine power stations use gas combustion to generate some or all of the electricity they produce.
Gas (thermal).
These power stations use gas combustion to power steam turbines that generate some or all of the electricity they produce.
Gas (reciprocating).
These power stations use gas combustion in reciprocating engines to generate some or all of the electricity they produce.
Hydroelectric.
These hydroelectric power stations use the flow of water to generate some or all of the electricity they produce.
Biomass combustion.
These power stations burn biomass (biofuel) to generate some or all of the electricity they produce.

</doc>
<doc id="5973750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973750" title="White grouper">
White grouper

The white grouper ("Epinephelus aeneus") is a species of grouper living in the subtropical eastern Atlantic Ocean and the southern Mediterranean Sea. It can reach a maximum length of 120 cm and a maximum weight of 25 kg. 
Alternatively, the term "white grouper" is also used as a local vernacular name for several other species of fish, including the yellowedge grouper ("Epinephelus flavolimbatus"), Nassau grouper ("Epinephelus striatus"), and Venezuelan grouper ("Mycteroperca cidi") ([http://filaman.ifm-geomar.de/ComNames/CommonNameSearchList.php]).

</doc>
<doc id="5973759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973759" title="Enid J. Wilson">
Enid J. Wilson

Enid J. Wilson was for over 30 years a Lakeland contributor to the Guardian's Country Diary (see also Harry Griffin). She was the daughter of George Abraham the photographer/climber and Winifred Davies, a cousin of the Abrahams' climbing partner, O. G. Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="5973785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973785" title="Martin Margiela">
Martin Margiela

Martin Margiela ( born April 9, 1957 in Genk, Belgium) is a Belgian fashion designer. He graduated from the Royal Academy of Fine Arts (Antwerp) in 1979, a year before the Avant-garde fashion collective the Antwerp Six.
Life and work.
After graduation he worked as a freelance designer for five years. Between 1985 and 1987 he worked for Jean Paul Gaultier, before showing his first collection under his own label in 1989. Between 1997 to 2003 he was the creative director of the Hermès women's line. 
During the 1980s, the Japanese avantgardists, with Rei Kawakubo—creator of the label Comme des Garçons—had turned the fashion scene upside-down with their eccentric and ground-breaking designs. Martin Margiela and the Antwerp Six would carry on the work, revolting against the luxurious fashion world with garments of oversized proportions such as long arms, and with linings, seams and hems on the outside. The concept of deconstruction (also embraced by Kawakubo) is important for the understanding of Margiela's fashion statement. Margiela famously redesigns by hand objects such as old wigs, canvases and silk scarves into couture garments.
Throughout his career, Margiela has maintained a low personal profile. He has never had his picture taken and remains backstage after his shows. All media contact is dealt with via fax. Maison Martin Margiela’s ultradiscreet trademark consists of a piece of cloth with the numbers 0-23. The badge is attached to the inside with four small, white, pick stitches, exposed to the outside on unlined garments. For the 20th anniversary the anonymous tag was replaced by a classic logotype. 
Margiela's brand was acquired by the Diesel brand in 2002 and industry insiders were quoted as suggesting that Margiela may desire to leave due to creative differences, or simply, "A desire to enjoy his life outside the insistent glare of the fashion world."
An article in New York "Times" dated October 1, 2008, gave many in the fashion world their first glimpse of Margiela's face, as well as breaking the news that he allegedly offered to hand the reins of his company over to Raf Simons, who appears to have declined the offer. Haider Ackermann was later offered the position as creative director, but similarly turned it down. 
In October, 2009, Margiela majority stakeholder Renzo Rosso publicly stated that, "Martin has not been there for a long time. He is here but not here. We have a new fresh design team on board. We are focusing on young, realistic energy for the future; this is really Margiela for the year 2015."
A press release announced in December 2009, that Margiela "has left the business. No replacement creative director will be appointed. Maison Martin Margiela will continue trading but the company declined to comment on the reasons for Margiela’s exit."

</doc>
<doc id="5973793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973793" title="Wet Palms">
Wet Palms

Wet Palms is a gay pornographic serial produced for the U.S. market and originally distributed on a gay adult pay-per-view content website.
There are nine episodes, told in hour-long installments, each first released as streaming video online, then released on DVD months later. The first episode was shown in September 2004, with the tag line "Low Rent. High Drama." and patterned after nighttime television soap operas such as "Melrose Place", with exaggerated and overly melodramatic and catty dialogue.
Writers Jack Shamama and Michael Stabile won the 2005 GayVN Awards for Best Comedy and Best Screenplay.
In the manner of a television serial, "Wet Palms" ended its first season with a cliffhanger, with Lucky Hanson apparently being killed and another arrested. Jet Set has periodically discussed reviving the series which was shelved after the ninth episode due to the changing schedules of the cast members and the large expenditure required to produce a series so large in scope.

</doc>
<doc id="5973811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973811" title="Javon Searles">
Javon Searles

Javon Philip Ramon Searles (born 21 December 1986 in Barbados) played seven matches for West Indies at Under 19 level, including four matches in the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka. He has played in one List A match for Barbados in 2006-7, in which he scored nought and did not bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="5973813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973813" title="Mount Burnett (New Zealand)">
Mount Burnett (New Zealand)

Mount Burnett is a mountain in Kahurangi National Park, in Golden Bay, New Zealand.
The mountain hosts an unusual geography, and a number of species of shrubs and sedge are endemic to this mountain, and it is host to a large population of the critically endangered "Powelliphanta gilliesi gilliesi" subspecies of giant land snails.
It is also home to an open cast dolomite mine, operated by Sollys Transport a local Golden Bay company. The Mount Burnett dolomite mine is the only source of the mineral, an important agricultural fertilizer, in New Zealand. The mine employs about 20 people. An extension to the mine was declined by the Minister for Conservation, Chris Carter in 2004. Mining is opposed by environmental groups including the Forest and Bird Protection Society.

</doc>
<doc id="5973816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973816" title="Henry Powell">
Henry Powell

Henry Powell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5973834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973834" title="Youssef Rossi">
Youssef Rossi

Youssef Rossi () (born 28 June 1973 in Casablanca, Morocco) is a former Moroccan football player formerly playing for Qatari League side Al Khor.
Career.
Domestic.
Rossi started his playing career with local side Raja Casablanca in 1995, before being signed by French side Stade Rennais. After over 40 games for the Ligue 1 side, Rossi then signed al loan-contract for NEC Nijmegen, where he disappeared after only four matches, before moving to Scottish Premier League side Dunfermline Athletic in 2000.
After 4 months with the SPL side, Rossi eventually made his debut against St. Johnstone in November 2000, only to be sent off after 25 minutes. He received his second red card in three games for a second bookable offence against Dundee United and as he made his way off the pitch was seen to make a gesture that provoked United fans. He scored his only goal for the club against Aberdeen on Boxing Day 2000. In August 2001, Rossi had his wages stopped in what proved to be a long drawn out saga which would see him leave Scotland for Morocco, only to have a worldwide ban placed on him by FIFA after going AWOL for more than a year.
Rossi finally left Dunfermline in December 2003 to re-sign for his first club Raja Casablanca. He stayed in Morocco for one year before moving to Al Khor in Qatar, where he has been since 2004.
International.
He played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5973837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973837" title="Harry Crews (band)">
Harry Crews (band)

Harry Crews was a short-lived No Wave-influenced hardcore punk and crossover thrash supergroup made up of Lydia Lunch (guitar), Kim Gordon (bass), and Sadie Mae (drums). The band was only musically active in 1988, therefore they only officially produced and released one album, "Naked in Garden Hills". The album was released in 1989, and was a compilation of live recordings played at clubs in London, UK and Austria. Shortly after the release of the album, the band split up, due to their involvement in other bands and projects. The bands' name was taken after the author of the same name, hence the album's title being taken from a novel by Crews. The majority of the songs were also named after Crews' various novels. They also covered "She's In A Bad Mood" (originally by Gordon's band, Sonic Youth), and "Orphans" (originally by Lunch's band Teenage Jesus and the Jerks.)

</doc>
<doc id="5973840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973840" title="Kevin Drinkell">
Kevin Drinkell

Kevin Smith Drinkell (born 18 June 1960 in Grimsby) is a former professional footballer and football manager. He runs his football Agency Kevin Drinkell Sport Management Ltd in Stirling, Scotland. He was a striker, noted for his aerial ability and the number of headed goals he scored as a result.
Career.
Drinkell began his career with hometown club Grimsby Town where he scored 89 goals in 272 games. His goals got him noticed by other clubs and in 1985 Norwich City manager Ken Brown signed him for a fee of £90,000. Norwich were rebuilding their squad after relegation from the first division and had looked set to sign striker Trevor Senior from Reading, however when he opted to stay with the Royals they turned their attention to Drinkell. The fee was set by a Football League tribunal and the figure angered Grimsby, who considered his value to be much higher.
Drinkell quickly proved that Norwich had indeed got a bargain. In his first season at Carrow Road he scored 22 league goals as Norwich won the Second Division championship. With Norwich being Football League Cup holders, Drinkell would also have experienced UEFA Cup action that season had it not been for the ban on English clubs in European competitions arising from the Heysel disaster in May 1985.
It won him the Golden Boot for being the division's top scorer as well as the first of two consecutive Norwich City player of the year awards. His goalscoring form continued in the First Division. His most memorable goal for Norwich - by popular consensus among supporters - came in a match against Liverpool on 11 April 1987 at Carrow Road. Liverpool were reigning league champions and were looking to regain the title. The score was 1-1 late in the game, when Drinkell picked up the ball at the edge of the area and hit a fierce shot from a difficult angle past Liverpool goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar. It ended one of the most famous statistics in football, as it was the first time that Liverpool had lost a league match in which Ian Rush had scored. Norwich finished fifth that season, but Drinkell and his colleagues were once again denied the chance of UEFA Cup action, as UEFA voted for the ban on English clubs in European competitions to continue for at least another season. He added a further 12 league goals in 1987-88, though Norwich finished in the bottom half of the table this time - a decline in form which had seen manager Ken Brown dismissed in favour of coach Dave Stringer in December 1987.
In total, Drinkell scored 57 goals in 150 games for Norwich.
In 1987, Drinkell rejected the chance of a move to Manchester United, just after the appointment of Alex Ferguson as their manager.
Drinkell's exploits earned him a £600,000 move to Rangers, who signed him ahead of Tottenham Hotspur in the 1988 close season. He won Scottish League Championship and Scottish League Cup medals at Ibrox, but lost his place to new signing Mo Johnston for the 1989-90 season and played just four more games for Rangers before his return to England in October 1989 when he signed for Coventry City. 
Despite scoring on his debut against his hometown team, Grimsby, in the Football League Cup, his goalscoring form deserted him at Highfield Road (he failed to score in any of his 15 league appearances in the 1990-91 season, and after a short loan spell with Birmingham City in the autumn of 1991 he began his coaching career in Scotland with Falkirk. He coached and managed Stirling Albion before becoming Montrose manager in 1998. 
In 2002, Norwich City fans voted Drinkell an inaugural member of the Norwich City F.C. Hall of Fame.
As of 2012, Drinkell was working as a football player agent.
Drinkell is now the assistant manager at Scottish second division side East Fife FC.

</doc>
<doc id="5973853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973853" title="Albert Academy">
Albert Academy

The Albert Academy (AA) is a secondary school in Freetown, Sierra Leone. It was founded on 4 October 1904 and named after American missionary Rev. Ira E. Albert. The school's motto is "Esse Quam Vederi" (Rather to be than to Seem). It is situated at Berry Street in Freetown. Among its alumni are Sierra Leone's first Prime Minister, Sir Milton Margai and Sierra Leone's first president, Siaka Stevens.
The school is sometimes referred to as Mende Man College reflecting the fact that over the years students from the Mende tribe in Sierra Leone were overrepresented. AA students have also been referred to as Okamory Boys due to the area in which the school is located in Freetown. However, the school has students from everywhere in Sierra Leone and it is not restricted to any tribe.
Although the school has a Christian tradition, the United Methodist Church, students from all religious background can attend. It has alumni associations in the UK, USA and Freetown. The alumni associations make contributions to the school including, for example, giving scholarships and grants to students.

</doc>
<doc id="5973857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973857" title="Fortrose railway station">
Fortrose railway station

Fortrose was the terminus of a single track branch of the Highland Railway, in north east Scotland. It connected villages in The Black Isle peninsula to the railway network via a junction at Muir of Ord.
Authorisation was obtained on 4 July 1890 to build a 15.75 mile (25 km) branch line from Muir of Ord to Rosemarkie; however the line never proceeded beyond Fortrose. 

</doc>
<doc id="5973865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973865" title="David Lifton">
David Lifton

David S. Lifton (born 1939) is an American author who wrote the 1981 bestseller "Best Evidence: Disguise and Deception in the Assassination of John F. Kennedy", a work that puts forth evidence that there was a conspiracy to assassinate John F. Kennedy.
Biography.
Lifton grew up in Rockaway Beach, New York. He graduated from Cornell University's School of Engineering Physics in 1962 and thereupon enrolled in the University of California, Los Angeles to work on an advance degree in engineering. While there Lifton worked nights as a computer engineer for North American Aviation, a contractor for the Apollo program. In autumn 1964, around the time the Warren Report was published, Lifton became interested in the JFK case after attending a lecture on the topic of the conspiracy to cover up the Kennedy assassination by Mark Lane. Lifton purchased a set of the 26 volumes of the Warren Commission's investigation and started his own research on the Kennedy case. In 1966, Lifton was dismissed from UCLA for neglecting his studies. He quit his aerospace job, devoting all his time to the Kennedy assassination.
The January 1967 issue of "Ramparts" magazine presented a "special report" by Lifton, with David Welsh, entitled "The Case for Three Assassins" that laid out the scenario that more than one assassin was firing at Kennedy based on anomalies in the medical evidence.
In 1993, Lifton was played by Robert Picardo in the television movie "". He testified before the Assassination Records Review Board in September 1996, and provided the Board with various materials including 35mm interpositives of the Zapruder film, as well as copies of audiotapes, videotapes, and transcripts of witness interviews he conducted.
As of 2010, Lifton lived in West Los Angeles where he was working full-time on a major written work about Oswald entitled "Final Charade".
"Best Evidence".
After Lifton's book "Best Evidence: Disguise and Deception in the Assassination of John F. Kennedy" was rejected by 21 or 23 other publishers, Macmillan gave Lifton a $10,000 advance and published his book in 1981. Due to the controversial nature of the book, Macmillan went to unusual lengths to fact-check the book; it was "examined for potential factual errors by in-house counsel, an outside law firm, a forensic pathologist, and a neurosurgeon." The book eventually reached #4 on "The New York Times" Best Seller list and was a Book of the Month Club selection.
In 1990, Edwin McDowell of "The New York Times" described "Best Evidence" as "one of the most durable" of the dozens of books about the Kennedy assassination. According to Kent Carroll of Carroll & Graf Publishers, who reprinted a soft-cover version in 1988, the book sold 60,000 copies in 1990 alone. In the updated 1988 edition of "Best Evidence", Lifton was responsible for the first publication of a series of autopsy photographs taken of President Kennedy at Bethesda Naval Medical Center. Lifton had acquired these photos after the initial publication of "Best Evidence", from a former Secret Service employee who had made private copies with the permission of Agent Roy Kellerman. Lifton also used the photos during his appearance on the October 1988 PBS Nova episode "Who Shot President Kennedy?", which marked the first time they were shown on television. Lifton claims that the actual photographs are consistent with his thesis of body alteration.
Summary.
"Best Evidence" is written in the first-person as a chronological narrative of his 15-year search for the truth about the Kennedy assassination. It is not written just as a theory of what took place on November 22, 1963, but also to highlight his personal quest to solve the puzzle through a meticulous and time-consuming search for new evidence that could finally resolve the many factual conflicts in the record.
The central thesis of the book is that President Kennedy’s body had been altered between the Dallas hospital and the autopsy site at Bethesda for the purpose of creating erroneous conclusions about the number and direction of the shots. He details evidence—using both the Warren Commission documents and original research and interviews with those involved at both Dallas and Bethesda—of a stark and radical change between the descriptions of the wounds by the medical staff at Dallas and those at Bethesda. For instance, nearly all the Dallas medical staff thought the head wound entered from the front and exited through a 2-in. by 2.-in. hole in the exterior. The autopsy, on the contrary, reported a massive exit wound in the front (about 4x the size of the reports of the Dallas staff), which would indicate a shot from the rear.
It was these sort of conflicts that drove his quest. The Warren Commission had ultimately resolved them through relying on what was considered the “best evidence”, the autopsy report and photos; but that didn’t satisfy Lifton.
As Lifton was methodically working through the 26-volume Warren Commission report and exhibits, he stumbled upon what would become the fulcrum of his narrative, the answer he was looking for. He read, according to a report by FBI agents Siebert and O'Neill who attended the autopsy and took notes on everything they observed, that it was "apparent that a tracheotomy had been performed...as well as surgery of the head area, namely, in the top of the skull." Since Lifton knew that there was no surgery to the head in Dallas, this was the fact that intensified and focused his research, leading ultimately to the synthesis of the contradictory Dallas/Bethesda evidence to his conclusion that there was intentional fraud, that is, as Lifton puts it, a “medical forgery” to the body of the President.
In connection with his body alteration theory, Lifton hypothesized about when and where the alteration took place. He posits that after John F. Kennedy's assassination, unnamed conspirators on Air Force One removed Kennedy's body from its original bronze casket and placed it in a shipping casket, while en route from Dallas to Washington. Once the presidential plane arrived at Andrews Air Force Base, the shipping casket with the President's body in it was surreptitiously taken by helicopter from the side of the plane that was out of the television camera's view. Kennedy's body was then taken to an unknown location — most likely Walter Reed Army Medical Center — where the body was surgically altered to make it appear that he was shot only from the rear.
Among the explicitly stated clear implications of the book are the following: The assassination was an “inside” job with, at minimum, a number of secret service men involved—the ones who controlled the scene and the evidence and Oswald was, as he stated after his arrest, “a patsy." 
Reception.
Ed Magnuson of "Time" described the theory as "bizarre", but wrote that Lifton's work was "meticulously researched". According to Magnuson: "Preposterous? Absolutely. Yet there is virtually no factual claim in Lifton's book that is not supported by the public record or his own interviews, many of them with the lowly hospital and military bystanders whom official probes had overlooked."
Thomas Powers gave a critical review of the book in "New York magazine" stating: "There are a lot of curious theories about what happened to John F. Kennedy on November 22, 1963, but none quite so bizarre as David Lifton's, a theory that makes all previous speculation about the president's murder... look like the work of dull and sober men." Powers' review was particularly harsh on Lifton's publisher, adding "Lifton is not to blame for this travesty" and asserting that Macmillan owed an apology to everyone involved in the transport of Kennedy's body from Dallas to Washington. Reviewing the book for "The New York Times", Harrison Salisbury wrote: "...no one before Mr. Lifton has constructed a theory so complicated, so quirky, in such violation of every law of common sense and reason."
Discussing some of the books espousing a conspiracy in the assassination of Kennedy, Stephen E. Ambrose wrote in 1992: "Mr. Lifton argues that the conspirators who killed Kennedy got possession of Kennedy's body somewhere between Dallas and Washington, then removed his brain and otherwise altered his body and wounds to support a single-gunman theory. Mr. Lifton's account of how this was done is almost impossible to follow, almost impossible to believe and almost impossible to refute."
Author and lawyer Gerald Posner has described Lifton's book as "one of the most unusual conspiracy theories" that "relies on an elaborate shell game involving rapid exchanges of coffins, a decoy ambulance, and a switched body shroud. He contends that once the body (of President Kennedy) was stolen from "Air Force One", a covert team of surgeons surgically altered the corpse before the autopsy later that day...purportedly...so the autopsy physicians would determine the bullets that hit the President were fired from the rear...thereby sealing the case against Oswald." Vincent Bugliosi devoted twelve pages to Lifton's theory in his 2007 book, "Reclaiming History: The Assassination of President John F. Kennedy". Bugliosi prefaced his comments stating that the "theory is so unhinged that it really doesn't deserve one word in any serious treatment of the assassination", but that he was "forced to devote some time to talking about nonsense of a most exquisite nature" due to the number of people who treated it seriously.
While there were many negative reviews from the major-media outlets, the book also received many accolades. According to a "Los Angeles Times" article about Mr. Lifton: ""The Orlando Sentinel Star" went so far as to compare the book in stature and import to William L. Shirer's 'The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich.' Other reviewers characterized Lifton's work as 'meticulously detailed,' 'methodical and well-documented' and 'a challenge to the Warren Commission.'"

</doc>
<doc id="5973874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973874" title="Carrotblanca">
Carrotblanca

Carrotblanca is a 1995 8-minute Looney Tunes cartoon. It was originally shown in cinemas alongside "The Amazing Panda Adventure" (in the US) and "The Pebble and the Penguin" (outside the US). It was subsequently released on video packaged with older "Looney Tunes" cartoons and was included in the special edition DVD, and later HD DVD and Blu-ray, releases of "Casablanca", the film to which it is both a parody and an homage. At the time of release, WB did not own the rights to "Casablanca" (such rights were with Turner Entertainment - they still technically hold the film today, but now WB is responsible for distribution).
Unlike the previous modern Looney Tunes shorts, this short was not made by the Greg Ford/Terry Lennon team nor Chuck Jones Film Productions. It was produced by the "Animaniacs" writing team at Warner Bros. Feature Animation (it is possible this film served as a test for animating the characters for "Space Jam"). "Carrotblanca" was the only Looney Tunes short produced by that group of writers and the Feature Animation division.
The short involves nearly all the major "Looney Tunes" characters in roles from the film, including Bugs Bunny as Rick, Daffy Duck as Sam and Pepe Le Pew as Captain Renault. Some characters use their real names, others the names of the characters in the original film, or parodic versions. Several minor "Looney Tunes" characters can be seen in the background (such as Pete Puma as a waiter wearing a kaftan and fez, and Giovanni Jones and The Crusher as the maitre d' and doorman).
Plot.
A German secret document is stolen and Usmarte (Tweety Bird as Ugarte, depicted unnervingly like Peter Lorre), the actual thief, lures Bugs Bunny into taking it. General Pandemonium (Yosemite Sam as Major Strasser) gets a frantic call from Foghorn Leghorn saying the secret document has been stolen, and immediately heads for the Carrotblanca nightclub---the Cafe Au Lait Americain.
Meanwhile Sylvester Slazlo (as Victor Lazlo) and his wife Kitty Ketty (Penelope Pussycat as Ilsa) arrive at the hotel. Ketty attracts the unwanted attention of Captain Louis (Pepe le Pew) but she scratches him and throws him into the wall. Ketty, who happens to be a former girlfriend of Bugs, asks Daffy Duck (as Sam) to play her favorite song. General Pandemonium suspects Sylvester may know about the document and binds him in his office. Ketty pleads with Bugs to help Sylvester out of this. Though Bugs is initially reluctant due to the fact that Ketty broke his heart, he goes to the General's office nevertheless and confuses the General himself into jail.
The story climaxes with Sylvester and Ketty escaping on the plane for Toronto, New York City and Cucamonga, as Bugs watches them go... except that they find Louis on the plane working as a steward. Louis asks Ketty, "Coffee, tea, or moi?", causing her to jump out, seemingly without a parachute, landing right in front of Bugs. They kiss, then the parachute opens, covering them.
The Warner Bros. Family Entertainment logo appears with "That's All Folks!" written on top of it. Tweety pops up and says (in Peter Lorre's voice) "That's All Folks!" and the cartoon ends. 
This cartoon contains the "Looney Tunes"-logo, but the "Merrie Melodies"-leader can be heard.

</doc>
<doc id="5973878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973878" title="American Society for Cell Biology">
American Society for Cell Biology

The American Society for Cell Biology (ASCB) is a professional society that was founded in 1960.
Its mission statement says:
History.
On 6 April 1959 the United States National Academy of Sciences passed a resolution for the establishment of a "national society of cell biology to act as a national representative to the International Society for Cell Biology".
By 1963, the membership consisted of 9,000 scientists.
In 2008 it was reported that ASCB had 11,000 members worldwide.
Publications.
Print publications:
Online publication:
Annual meeting.
Typically held within the first two weeks of December, the ASCB's annual meeting brings together scientists in the field of cell biology to highlight the latest research, techniques, products, and services, providing a venue for networking and career advice, offering research-tested educational approaches for high school teachers and professors who teach undergraduates, and to spur future discovery and collaboration. The ASCB also presents awards, poster sessions (where students, postdoctoral fellows, and independent scientists present their research and receive feedback), scientific sessions (symposia, minisymposia, working groups, workshops, translational sessions, special interest subgroups, award lectures, and exhibits). Science discussion tables offer opportunities to discuss scientific topics with expert scientists, and the career discussion roundtables offer a variety of career topic-themed tables addressed with expert facilitators. In addition, special sessions focus on advocacy, media and public outreach, and special issues of interest to women, minorities, gay, lesbian, and transgender students/scientists, the media, etc.
Presidents.
The following people have been president of the ASCB:

</doc>
<doc id="5973879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973879" title="Saïd Chiba">
Saïd Chiba

Saïd Chiba ( – born 28 September 1970, Rabat) is a retired Moroccan football defensive midfielder and current coach. 
He played for several clubs, including Al-Hilal (Saudi Arabia), SD Compostela (Spain), AS Nancy (France) and Aris Thessaloniki in Greece. He also had a short spell with Motherwell (Scotland).
He played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5973886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973886" title="Kieron Pollard">
Kieron Pollard

Kieron Adrian Pollard (born 12 May 1987) is a Trinidadian cricketer who plays for the West Indies. An aggressive all-rounder, Pollard provides medium-fast pace bowling and big-hitting from the middle-order. After shining during the 2009 Champions League Twenty20, he was signed by both the Southern Redbacks and Somerset for their domestic Twenty20 campaigns. He was the joint highest paid player in the 2010 Indian Premier League, playing for Mumbai Indians.
He has been announced as an Icon Player at the launch for the Caribbean Premier League for the summer of 2013.
Career.
Early life and career.
Pollard was born in Tacarigua, Trinidad and Tobago, where he was raised, along with two younger sisters, in a poor home by his single mother. Speaking about it, Pollard reflects "It was pretty tough, it wasn't ideal getting up and your mum say 'We only have X amount of money'." After representing Trinidad and Tobago in the 2005 TCL Group West Indies Under-19 Challenge, he was selected as part of the West Indies Under-19 cricket team to tour Pakistan. Pollard top-scored for the West Indies in the first youth One Day International (ODI), scoring 53 runs off 49 balls. Pollard made another half-century in the second match, but didn't manage to make double figures in either of last two games. He was named in the West Indies squad for the 2006 U/19 Cricket World Cup, held in Sri Lanka, where he only managed to make 19–runs in his four innings, though he did manage to take two wickets in a defeat to Australia.
During the 2006 English season he came to England to play for Haxey CC in Lincolnshire; he played five games for the club before he was recalled by Trinidad and Tobago to play in the Stanford Twenty20. Pollard made his senior debut for Trinidad and Tobago in the twenty20 competition against the Cayman Islands in July 2006. He finished the tournament with a respectable return of six wickets, and starred in the semi-final against Nevis, scoring 83 runs off just 38 balls, an innings which included 7 sixes to book Trinidad and Tobago's place in the final. He made his first-class debut six months later against Barbados, and marked the occasion with a century. As in the Twenty20, his innings contained a large number of boundaries, with 86 of his 126 runs coming from either fours or sixes. A score of 46 not out on his List A debut ensured that Pollard was in the selector's minds for the upcoming World Cup, and he described it as "a dream come true" when he was selected in the provisional 30-man squad for the tournament. Pollard's "dream run" continued with half-centuries in both four-day and 50-over matches against Guyana, followed by his second first-class century, coming against the Leeward Islands. Against Jamaica, Pollard showed his bowling ability, claiming four wickets in his seven overs to claim his fifth man of the match award in his 15th major cricket match. Trinidad and Tobago remained unbeaten in the 2006–07 KFC Cup, beating Windward Islands in the final to claim the trophy. Pollard finished as the competition's leading run-scorer, making 261 runs from his seven innings at an average of over 40.
2007 World Cup.
The impressive start to Pollard's career prompted his 'surprise selection' as part of the 15-man squad to compete in the 2007 Cricket World Cup, keeping more experienced players out of the team. Pollard played in both warm-up matches for the West Indies, making 14 runs and claiming two wickets against Kenya, and scoring two runs in a heavy defeat to India a few days later. He wasn't selected to play in the initial group-stage, eventually making his debut in a 'high-stakes game' against South Africa in the super-eights stage of the competition. Pollard's selection was one of a number of questions raised about Lara's captaincy during the match, which the West Indies lost by 67 runs. Pollard bowled three wicket-less overs in the match, and scored 10 runs in the West Indies unsuccessful run-chase.
Twenty20 career.
Although named in the provisional 30-man squad for the 2007 ICC World Twenty20, Pollard failed to make the cut for the tournament. The absence of Pollard and Lendl Simmons from the West Indies performance squad in 2007–08 was described as "baffling" by Tony Cozier, describing how the pair "had been seemingly identified as among those for the future but have quickly been shunted aside." Pollard was disappointing as Trinidad and Tobago won the 2007–08 Stanford Twenty20, averaging nine from his three innings.
Pollard was recalled to the West Indies ODI squad for the series against Sri Lanka. The match was rained off after 18.2 overs of the West Indian run-chase with Pollard not required to bat. He retained his place in the squad for the home series against Australia, but after scores of 11 and 0 in the first two matches, he was dropped for the final three.
Despite his poor form in the previous season's Stanford Twenty20, Pollard was named as part of the initial 32-member Stanford Superstars Twenty20 squad. The squad would provide the starters for the US$20 million winner-takes-all match against England later in the year. After a series of practice matches, Pollard was included in the team for the warm-up match against his Trinidad and Tobago side, where he made 24 runs off 14 balls and claimed the wicket of captain Daren Ganga. He followed this up with a nine-ball 27 against Middlesex, including three consecutive sixes in the last over. In the final, Pollard claimed the wickets of Andrew Flintoff and Luke Wright to help limit England to a total of 99, which Super Stars openers Chris Gayle and Andre Fletcher chased down in 12.4 overs.
Later career.
The 2008–09 West Indies Cricket Board Cup saw an improvement in Pollard's bowling, as he claimed nine wickets in the competition with a bowling average of 14.22. An all-round performance against Jamaica in the semi-finals, in which he took three wickets and made 76, earnt Trinidad and Tobago a place in the final, and Pollard the man of the match award.
In the 2009 Champions league T-20 for Trinidad & Tobago, Pollard hit 54 runs in just 18 balls in the 15th match against New South Wales in Hyderabad. This earned the man of the match award and his side a crucial win. His display of hitting was so impressive that NSW approached Pollard after the game and attempted to sign him for themselves.
Pollard also represents the South Australian Redbacks in the KFC Twenty20 Big Bash. He also signed for Somerset County Cricket Club for the 2010 Friends Provident t20.
Indian Premier League.
Pollard's impressive performance in the 2009 Champions League Twenty20 and the Big Bash led to him being one of the most sought after players at the 2010 IPL auction. After some aggressive bidding, the Chennai Super Kings, Kolkata Knight Riders, Mumbai Indians and Royal Challengers Bangalore all bid the maximum allowed; $750,000. A 'silent-tiebreaker' was won by the Mumbai Indians, which retained him in 2011 IPL. He was adjudged Man of the Match in the 2013 IPL final because of his all-round display.
ICC Twenty20 World Cup 2010.
After his impressive performance at Indian Premier League for the Mumbai Indians, the West Indian all-rounder was picked in the West Indian squad for 2010 ICC World Twenty20.
Domestic 2010 season.
Pollard had a successful 2010 Friends Provident t20 for Somerset, helping them to the final of the competition on 14 August 2010. He scored 354 runs during the competition at 32.18 – the second highest Somerset batting average – including two half centuries at a strike rate of 175.24 runs per 100 balls. He also took 29 wickets at 15.10, second among all Somerset's bowlers. He took an impressive catch on the boundary in the semi final against Nottinghamshire, and then scored 22 from seven balls in the final match against Hampshire, including two sixes and a four, before Dominic Cork injured him with a bouncer that required hospital treatment.
On the back of Pollard's domestic performance he was offered a central contract which he turned down because that would force him to be available for West Indies selection all the time and Pollard wanted to play Twenty20 cricket as well. Despite this his good performances meant that he was selected for the West Indies in the ODI and Twenty20 series against Sri Lanka as several high profile names such as Denesh Ramdin and Ramnaresh Sarwan had been dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="5973887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973887" title="Francisco Rufete">
Francisco Rufete

Francisco Joaquín Pérez Rufete (born 20 November 1976) is a Spanish retired footballer, and the current director of football of Valencia CF.
He played predominantly as a right winger with good dribbling ability, also being a player with a good workrate. During his professional career he played with seven different clubs, including Barcelona (one game) and Valencia (two La Liga titles).
Over the course of 12 seasons, Rufete amassed Spanish top division totals of 269 games and 23 goals.
Club career.
Born in Benejúzar, Alicante, Valencian Community, Rufete was a product of FC Barcelona's youth system. He appeared once for the first team, in 1995–96's final round, a 2–2 away draw against Deportivo de La Coruña on 26 May 1996, and his first full professional season came in 1997–98, with Segunda División outfit CD Toledo.
After having started the 1998–99 campaign with RCD Mallorca (no appearances), he moved in January 1999 to Málaga CF, being instrumental, alongside Catanha and José María Movilla, in the side's promotion to La Liga (Málaga was in Segunda División B in the previous season).
After two exceptional individual seasons, Rufete moved to Valencia CF. Although not an undisputed starter after his first year he contributed with good overall performances and, on 14 March 2004, he scored twice at Celta de Vigo (2–0) as the "Che" went on to win another domestic title.
After Quique Flores arrived at Valencia from Getafe CF Rufete was released, joining RCD Espanyol on a free transfer in July 2006. He was constantly hampered by injuries during the 2007–08 campaign, after having appeared in 11 UEFA Cup matches during the Catalan side's run to the final in 2007.
In mid-July 2009 Rufete was released by Espanyol, moving close to home with Hércules CF in a two-year deal. In his first season, aged 32/33, the veteran contributed with nearly 2,000 minutes as the Alicante side returned to the top division after an absence of 13 years.
Rufete was released by Hércules in late 2011 after the club decided not to renew his contract, and retired from football shortly after. Two years later he returned to Valencia after being appointed youth coordinator, but switched to director of football after a few months.
International career.
Rufete received three caps with the Spanish national team in 2000, the first being in a 2–0 friendly win over Italy on 29 March in Barcelona. He came on as a substitute for Joseba Etxeberria at the hour-mark.

</doc>
<doc id="5973893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973893" title="Miguel Ángel Angulo">
Miguel Ángel Angulo

Miguel Ángel Angulo Valderrey (born 23 June 1977) is a Spanish retired footballer. Predominantly an attacking midfielder, he was also able to play as a right winger and even right back.
Basing his football in inexhaustible physical display, Angulo was much appreciated by trainers because of his versatility, and spent most of his career at Valencia CF where he won a total of seven major titles, namely two La Liga championships and the 2004 UEFA Cup.
Club career.
Born in Oviedo, Asturias, Angulo began his football career with local Sporting de Gijón, joining Valencia CF in 1995 at the age of 18. After spending some time with the reserves he was loaned in the 1996–97 campaign to second division club Villarreal CF, before returning to Valencia in the following summer.
Never an undisputed starter, Angulo amassed more than 300 appearances in his first ten professional years at Valencia, being a very important element in the "Che"'s La Liga conquest in 2002 and 2004 (scoring six goals in 48 games in the two seasons combined), while also starting in the 2004 UEFA Cup final which the club won over Olympique de Marseille; due to the ageing of the previous starter, French Jocelyn Angloma, he played several matches as an offensive right defender, as the team operated mainly in a 5–3–2 formation.
In the summer of 2004, Angulo pulled out of a transfer to Arsenal after a last minute change of heart. His agent claimed this was due to the player's anxiety at moving to London – he had already completed part of his medical; He continued to be heavily played in Valencia in the following three seasons combined, netting 15 times in 93 league contests.
On 20 December 2007 Angulo, along with Santiago Cañizares and David Albelda, was axed from the squad by new coach Ronald Koeman. In late April of the following year, however, with Koeman's sacking, all three were reinstated by new manager Voro in a squad seriously threatened with relegation, with five remaining games. On 27 April he returned to action, playing five minutes in a 3–0 home win against CA Osasuna after having come on as a substitute for David Villa; two weeks later he started his first post-reinstatement match, scoring in a 5–1 away routing of already relegated Levante UD.
In August 2009, after a mediocre campaign individually, Angulo was released by Valencia, thus ending a 14-year relationship. Late in the same month he agreed to a one-year contract with Sporting Clube de Portugal, but after just four months, he was released by the Lisbon club, grossly unsettled, and pondered his retirement, which was confirmed the following week.
International career.
Angulo made his debut for Spain on 17 November 2004, in a 1–0 friendly win against England played in Madrid. Going on to collect 11 caps, he never took part in any major competition's final stages, however.
Angulo also represented the nation at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship (five appearances) and the 2000 Summer Olympics (five), helping to a runner-up finish in the latter competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5973900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973900" title="Ray Pride">
Ray Pride

Ray Pride is an American film critic best known as the film editor of Chicago's free arts weekly "Newcity". He is also an accomplished photographer and documentary filmmaker. 
He is a regular contributor to the Chicago-based arts website Sharkforum, and has also written for indieWIRE, Nerve, and Salon.com. He is also a contributing editor to Filmmaker and Canada's "Cinema Scope". Pride was a guest reviewer on "Siskel & Ebert" in 1999.
He is not related to musician Ray Colgan, who leads Texas' The Crack Pipes as "The Rev. Ray Pride."

</doc>
<doc id="5973902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973902" title="John Cavendish, 5th Baron Chesham">
John Cavendish, 5th Baron Chesham

John Charles Compton Cavendish, 5th Baron Chesham, PC (18 June 1916 – 23 December 1989), was a British Conservative politician.
A member of the Cavendish family headed by the Duke of Devonshire, Chesham was the son of John Compton Cavendish, 4th Baron Chesham and Margot Mills. He fought in the Second World War as a Captain in the Army, also briefly serving as an Air Observation Post pilot with No. 664 Squadron RCAF. Chesham took his seat in the House of Lords on his father's death in 1952, and later served in the Conservative administrations of Harold Macmillan and Sir Alec Douglas-Home as Joint Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Transport from 1959 to 1964. The latter year he was also admitted to the Privy Council. Chesham was later Chairman of the International Road Federation, Executive Vice-Chairman of the Royal Automobile Club from 1966 to 1970 and President of the British Road Federation from 1966 to 1972.
Lord Chesham married Mary Edmunds Marshall, daughter of David Gregory Marshall, in 1937. He died in December 1989, aged 73, and was succeeded in the barony by his son Nicholas Charles Cavendish.

</doc>
<doc id="5973903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973903" title="Pennsylvania (song)">
Pennsylvania (song)

"Pennsylvania" is the official state song of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The song was written and composed by Eddie Khoury and Ronnie Bonner and serves as the official song for all public purposes. State Representative Frank L. Oliver introduced the bill for the song, and it was adopted by the General Assembly and signed into law by Governor Robert P. Casey on November 29, 1990.
Lyrics.
Chorus 
Chorus

</doc>
<doc id="5973905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973905" title="Roepie Kruize">
Roepie Kruize

Jan Hendrik "Roepie" Kruize (January 18, 1925 in Heemstede – February 14, 1992 in Den Haag) is a former field hockey player from the Netherlands. He was one of the Netherlands's most famous players in the years following World War II. Kruize won the bronze medal with the Dutch Men's Team at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, followed by the silver medal, four years later in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="5973906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973906" title="Yonaguska">
Yonaguska

Yonaguska, (1759–1839), who was known as Drowning Bear (the English meaning of his name), was a leader among the Cherokee of the Lower Towns of North Carolina. As a result of a vision, in 1819 he banished liquor from his people's territory.
During the Indian Removal of the late 1830s, he was the only chief who remained in the hills to rebuild the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, joined by others who had escaped or eluded the United States soldiers. Before that time, he had adopted William Holland Thomas as his son; the fatherless European-American youth was working at the trading post and had learned Cherokee. Yonaguska taught him Cherokee ways and, after Thomas became an attorney, he represented the tribe in negotiations with the federal government. Yonaguska selected Thomas as his successor; he was the only white man ever to become a chief of a Cherokee band. Thomas bought land and established a Cherokee reserve for the tribe's use at what is now the Qualla Boundary, the territory of the federally recognized tribe in North Carolina.
During his life, Yonaguska was a reformer and a prophet; he was a leader who recognized the destructive power of the white man’s liquor and the settlers' insatiable greed for Cherokee lands.
Early life.
"Yonaguska" was born about 1759 in the Cherokee Lower Towns of present-day North Carolina and Georgia. According to the Cherokee matrilineal system of inheritance and descent, he was considered born into his Cherokee mother's clan, where he gained his status. As a boy of 12, Yonaguska had a vision that the European Americans threatened the Cherokee way of life, but people did not pay attention when he spoke of it. At age 17, he witnessed widespread destruction by Gen. Griffith Rutherford and his North Carolina militia, who in 1776 burned 36 Cherokee towns. The Cherokee had been allied with the British, and the colonials were trying to discourage them from acting in the coming revolution.
Yonaguska was described as a strikingly handsome man, strongly built, and standing . He suffered from becoming addicted to alcohol as a young man. He and his wife adopted as their son William Holland Thomas, a fatherless European-American youth who worked at the trading post at Qualla Town and learned the Cherokee language. Thomas learned many Cherokee ways.
Awakening.
In 1819 when he was 60 years old, "Yonaguska" became critically ill. He had a vision, which he told his people after recovering. His message from the spirit world was that, “The Cherokee must never again drink whiskey. Whiskey must be banished.”
He had Will Thomas write out a pledge: “The undersigned Cherokees, belonging to the town of Qualla agree to abandon the use of spirituous liquors.” Yonaguska signed it, followed by the council (chiefs of the clans) and town residents. Preserved among Thomas’ papers, the pledge is held in the archives of the Mountain Heritage Center at Western Carolina University. From the signing of the pledge until Yonaguska's death in 1839 at the age of 80, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians refrained from using liquor. On the few occasions when he learned of someone breaking the pledge, Yonaguska had the culprit whipped.
Throughout the early 19th century, federal agents tried to persuade Yonaguska to remove his people to lands west of the Mississippi River. He firmly resisted their efforts, declaring that the Cherokee were safer among their rocks and mountains, and belonged in their ancestral homeland. Other chiefs made the Treaty of 1819, by which they sold Cherokee lands along the Tuckasegee River. At the time, Yonaguska was given set aside in a bend of the river between Ela and Bryson City, including the ancient Mississippian culture site of Kituwa, which the Cherokee held sacred.
As pressure increased by the federal government for removal of Indians from the Southeast, Yonaguska rejected every offer for land exchange and subsidies. Having seen European-American settlers push westward through North Carolina, he did not believe they would ever be satisfied. He did not want to leave his homeland and face more removal pressure later. He thought the United States government promises of protection were "too often broken; they are like the reeds in yonder river—they are all lies.”
The missionary Samuel Goodenough worked with Elias Boudinot to translate and print the Gospel of St Matthew in Cherokee. Yonaguska insisted on hearing it read to him before allowing its circulation. He reportedly said about the gospel: 
Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians.
The treaties of 1817 and 1819 with the federal government reduced the territory of the Cherokee Nation in North Carolina, as they gave up land to European-American settlers. In 1824 Yonaguska gathered the remaining Cherokee outside the new boundaries.
They settled together at Soco Creek on lands purchased for them by his adopted son, Will Thomas, as the Cherokee were not allowed to buy land outside their nation. Although adopted as Yonaguska's son, Thomas was still considered "white" under the law and could legally buy land; he could also allow the Cherokee to live on "his" property. Purchased for the use of the Cherokee, his land was the basis of Qualla Boundary. It is now the territory of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, a federally recognized tribe.
Death.
Shortly before his death in April 1839, Yonaguska was carried into the town house at Soco, where he gave a last talk to his people. The old man commended Thomas to them as their chief and warned them against ever leaving their own country. Wrapping his blanket around him, he quietly lay back and died.
Yonaguska was buried beside Soco Creek, about a mile below the old Macedonia mission, with a mound of stones to mark the spot.

</doc>
<doc id="5973918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973918" title="Godavari Express">
Godavari Express

The Godavari Express is one of the most prestigious trains of South Central Railway and runs between Visakhapatnam and Hyderabad. It was introduced as the "Waltair-Hyderabad" express on 1 February 1974 with the train numbers being 7007 and 7008. Its current train numbers are 12727 and 12728. The extremely high demand for this train, especially for the air-conditioned coaches of the train has resulted in the inauguration of a fully air-conditioned Garib Rath and the introduction of a Duronto. Despite the two new trains, the demand for the Godavari Express is so high, that sometimes an unreserved coach is replaced with an extra Classic Sleeper or Third Class coach. The train is considered the best way between the two cities and is maintained very neatly by the South Central Railway. Proposals on extension of this train up to Bhubaneshwar were strongly opposed by both passengers and politicians as earlier, another train, namely Visakha Express was extended to the city considerably increasing its journey time. The Godavari Express serves the purpose of connecting the cities of four coastal districts in Andhra Pradesh to the state capital Hyderabad. The train stops at four stations in the Visakhapatnam district, six stations in the East Godavari district, three stations in the West Godavari district and Vijayawada in the Krishna district.
History.
On 1 February 1974, the Indian Railways announced the first railway service between Visakhapatnam and Hyderabad, with the "Waltair-Hyderabad" Express. The train was run on a daily basis and would depart Visakhapatnam at 5:30 pm and arrive in Hyderabad at 6:45 am, the next morning. On the return journey, it would depart Hyderabad at 5:15 pm and arrive in Visakhapatnam at 6:45 am the next morning. As the train provides rail connectivity to at nine stations in the deserted cities of East and West Godavari districts, it was officially named "Godavari Express". It was regularly hauled by a steam locomotive and had 17 coaches. It reached its highest speed of 50 km/h between Samalkot and Rajahmundry. A slip service was introduced in the train during 1975, and the train was run up to Kakinada. Five more coaches were added, as a result. The train also entered a Rake Sharing Agreement or RSA with the Simhadri Express which ran between Visakhapatnam and Rajahmundry. However, in 1980, both the slip service and the RSA were cancelled as the Simhadri Express was extended up to Bhimavaram and the Kakinada-Secunderabad Goutami Express was introduced. 
The train retained its 5 new coaches and ran with a diesel locomotive end to end. The train was re-numbered as 2727 and 2728. By 1990, the train had become very popular and two more coaches were introduced, taking the total to 24. It then became one of the longest trains in India. As the Visakhapatnam-Vijayawada line and the Vijayawada-Kazipet-Hyderabad lines were electrified, the train started running with the WAP 4 electric locomotive. Soon, the Godavari Express became the first train belonging to the South Central Railway to run with 5 air-conditioned coaches. In June 1999, the train met with its first incident, as it derailed at Ghanpur near Warangal. In the year 2000, the Godavari Express became the first train in the South Central railway to run with its own air conditioned first class coach and was also the first train in the Zone to have 6 air-conditioned coaches. As a result, the journey time was then reduced by 15 minutes in both directions and an additional stop was allotted at the Duvvada and Annaparti railway stations.
In the year 2011, the train was re-numbered to 12727 on becoming a Superfast train and was hauled by a WAP 7 between Vijayawada and Hyderabad. The train timings were modified again and the journey time was further reduced by 15 minutes. In July and August 2011, the passengers of the air-conditioned coaches of the Godavari Express were robbed twice and a hoax call was made regarding a bomb in the "sixth coach" of the train. As a result, safety was enhanced and the train started running with a WAP 7 from end to end. This train then became the first to run with a WAP 7 between Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada. On 2 April, The Indian Railways decided to increase reservation fares of the second and first classes in all trains, which resulted in the fares of the train's second and first classes going up from and to and respectively.
Overview.
The IRCTC handles the online ticket booking for this train. The fares of luggage-cum-sleeper cars and the unreserved general coaches are flexible and change from time to time. The cost of traveling on this train starts at for journey in the classic Sleeper Class coach, which has no air-conditioning facilities available. The cost of traveling in the air-conditioned sleeper class coach, which is the Third Class is . The Second and the First classes provide luxury travel and are fully air-conditioned just like the third class. However, they are more spacious and are evidently sound-proof. The cost of traveling in the Second and First classes is and , respectively. The train has no pantry car, but excellent catering is still provided. The cost of food on board is merely . Free blankets and pillows are provided for sleeping at night. Coffee, tea and milk are also served and cost around each. In 2013, the cost of travel in all classes of the Godavari Express was increased by nearly 25%.
The train is a set of two luggage-cum-sleeper vans, Two unreserved general coaches, Twelve Classic sleeper class coaches, Three Third class coaches, Two second class coaches and one first class coach. It is one of the longest trains running with 24 coaches, and the first to get 6 AC coaches among the South Central Railway trains. In cases of extreme demand, one of the two unreserved general coaches is replaced with another Third Class/Classic Sleeper Class coach. The train is considered to be one of the best ways to commute between the two important cities of Andhra Pradesh. Though Indian trains are notorious for their punctuality, the Godavari Express is one of the few which are known for being punctual. It is also known for its better maintenance of coaches. The train is regularly hauled by a single Lallaguda based WAP 7 locomotive with a reversal at Vijayawada. Sometimes, due to non-availability of the WAP 7, it is hauled by a Lallaguda based WAP 4. Throughout its journey, the train stops at 18 stations. The train stops at Vijayawada Junction for locomotive reversal, at Rajahmundry and Secunderabad Junction for 5 minutes, at Khammam, Warangal and Kazipet for 2 minutes and at Duvvada, Anakapalle, Elamanchili, Narsipatnam Road, Tuni, Annavaram, Pithapuram, Samalkot Junction, Anaparti, Nidadavolu Junction, Tadepalligudem and Eluru for one minute each.
Controversy.
Karur Vysya Bank.
On 30 March 2012, the Godavari Express was spotted with a new livery near Ghatkesar, a few kilometers from the Secunderabad Junction. Soon, it was understood that the livery was nothing but advertisements of the Karur Vysya Bank. Passengers claimed that though advertisements certainly generate revenue for the railways, they spoil the charm and beauty of the train. A passenger said that it was "an unwelcoming sight for the eyes". In 2013, the train's rakes were sent for overhaul and the old livery was restored.

</doc>
<doc id="5973919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973919" title="Dornoch railway station">
Dornoch railway station

Dornoch railway station formerly served the town of Dornoch in Sutherland, Scotland. The station was opened in 1902 and closed in 1960. The station was situated near Dornoch Cathedral.
The station was the terminus of the Dornoch Light Railway, a branch railway which was later incorporated into the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (in 1923) and the Scottish Region of British Railways in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="5973931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973931" title="Battle of Chà Là">
Battle of Chà Là

The Battle of Chà Là was a battle of the Vietnam War. The assault by Viet Cong forces was one in a series of attacks since the battle of Ap Bac back in January, in an attempt to recover momentum lost from the battle and its ensuing skirmishes.
The Viet Cong attacked what it called a vital weapons depot in Chà Là, Cà Mau Province. The ARVN defenders suffered more than four-hundred casualties as the Viet Cong pounded the base with a deluge of mortar and heavy machine gun fire. The US lost 18 aircraft and helicopters as they rushed in rescue the base providing close air support which left them vulnerable to Viet Cong machine positions. The siege was only broken after Viet Cong rebels withdrew after Americans severed their supply lines using pinpoint artillery fire to collapse in the walls of a narrow jungle canyon.

</doc>
<doc id="5973937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973937" title="Abdelkader El Brazi">
Abdelkader El Brazi

Abdelkader El Brazi (; 
5 November 1964–24 January 2014) was a Moroccan football goalkeeper. 
He started his career as a goalkeeper with his hometown's team Renaissance de Berkane, and played also for FAR Rabat and Ismaily SC.
He played for the Morocco national football team (36 matches) and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
He died on 24 January 2014 after suffering from cancer for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="5973939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973939" title="NATO (disambiguation)">
NATO (disambiguation)

Nato or NATO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5973969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973969" title="Azouz Statra">
Azouz Statra

Azouz Statra is an Algerian musician and actor born in 1981 who lives in Sétif.
He started acting in school when he was 6 years old and in 1995 he founded with his friends a theatre group for aficionados called "The Smile" (dahka). They performed famous sketches and the small scripts they wrote. Since 2004, he has been the secretary of the theatre company "Les Compagnons de Nedjma".

</doc>
<doc id="5973973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973973" title="Sweet Valley High (TV series)">
Sweet Valley High (TV series)

Sweet Valley High is an American Live-action comedy-drama series very loosely based on Francine Pascal's book series of the same name. The series ran from September 5, 1994 to October 14, 1997, and was produced (and distributed) by Saban Entertainment. The rights are now held by Disney-ABC Domestic Television.
After three seasons in syndication (mostly on Fox stations), the show moved to UPN for its fourth season, where it was canceled due to low ratings.
Synopsis.
The series revolves around the lives of Elizabeth and Jessica Wakefield, beautiful blonde twins who live in the fictitious Sweet Valley, California, and their gang of friends. Elizabeth is warm, friendly and sincere, while her twin sister Jessica is flirty, mischievous, and irresponsible.
Soundtrack.
In 1995, a soundtrack album was released featuring original songs that were in the series along with a longer version of the show's theme song.
DVD release.
To date, Buena Vista Home Entertainment has only released Season one of "Sweet Valley High" on DVD in Region 1. The remaining three seasons of the series have yet to be released.

</doc>
<doc id="5973976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973976" title="Maxen (disambiguation)">
Maxen (disambiguation)

Maxen may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5973979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973979" title="Shri Nehru Maha Vidyalaya College of Arts &amp; Sciences">
Shri Nehru Maha Vidyalaya College of Arts &amp; Sciences

Shri Nehru Maha Vidyalaya College of Arts & Science is located in the city of Coimbatore, India.
History.
The Coimbatore Welfare Association, CWA, a voluntary organization committed to the cause of social service with a thrust on education started the Shri Nehru Vidyalaya Matriculation Higher Secondary School (SNVMHSS) in 1964. On its Silver Jubilee in 1989, the organization started the SNMV College Of Arts & Science (SNMV). CWA serves the cause of education starting from Kindergarten to PG and research level under a single management. It is accredited with "A" grade by NAAC
Location.
The college was built on which is in Mallumichampatti off Coimbatore Pollachi Highway(NH-209).
Courses offered.
All the courses are affiliated to Bharathiar University.

</doc>
<doc id="5973980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973980" title="Kemar Roach">
Kemar Roach

Kemar Andre Jamal Roach (born 30 June 1988 in Saint Lucy, Barbados) is a Bajan cricketer. He played in the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka and has represented the West Indies in Test and One Day International cricket. Roach made his Test debut in 2009 against Bangladesh when the West Indies team was weakened due to a player strike, and impressed with his bowling so that he was given an opportunity to play when the team returned to its full strength. A fast bowler, Roach is capable of express speeds and has reached on a number of occasions. In 2012 he became the first West Indies bowler to take 10 wickets in a Test since 2005.
International career.
Early representation.
On 7 June 2008, Roach was selected in the West Indies Test squad to face Australia in the third Test. At the time he had played in only four first class matches. He was not picked for the final team and said "I know that when a Test match comes around, they sometimes draft in players in the island where the match is, but I wasn't expecting to be in the squad. I'm quite happy to be there. If selected, I want to put in a good performance". Roach made his international debut on 20 June 2008 in a Twenty20 international against Australia; it was also the first senior Twenty20 match he had played in. He finished with the best bowling figures in the match of 2/29 from three overs, claiming the scalps of Shaun Marsh and Luke Ronchi as the West Indies won by seven wickets. Roach was drafted into the squad for the last two ODIs against Australia in July 2008 after Australia won the first three games and sealed a series victory.
Roach did not play in the last two matches of the series against Australia and had to wait until the triangular series with Bermuda and Canada to make his debut. On 20 August 2008 Roach – along with fellow debutants Leon Johnson and Brendan Nash – made his first appearance for the West Indies in a One Day International. He finished with figures of 10-1-29-2 as the West Indies beat Bermuda by six wickets. His first wicket was that of Stephen Outerbridge and his second was the Bermuda captain, Irving Romaine. He played in the second match of the series, taking 1/49 from eight overs against Canada as the West Indies won by 49 runs but did not play in the final against Canada which the West Indies won.
On 1 November 2008, the ODI squad to tour Pakistan was announced, with Roach as one of the members. John Dyson, the West Indies coach, said that Roach was expected to put the more experienced and established bowlers such as Fidel Edwards and Jerome Taylor under pressure for a place in the team. On the same day, it was announced that Roach was one of four players – along with Lionel Baker, Leon Johnson, and Brendan Nash – without a Test cap to be named in the 15-man squad selected to tour New Zealand for a Test series.
Breakthrough.
Roach made his Test debut on 9 July 2009. He was part of an understrength team fielded by the West Indies against Bangladesh; in the 15-man squad, there were nine uncapped players and in the Test seven West Indies players made their debut. The side was captained by Floyd Reifer who had played the last of his four Tests ten years earlier. The first XI had made themselves unavailable due to a pay dispute with the West Indies Cricket Board. His first Test wicket was that of all-rounder Shakib Al Hasan. Although Bangladesh won by 95 runs, Roach helped put pressure on the Bangladesh batsmen through a combination of yorkers and swinging deliveries, although he bowled slightly wide to the left-handers. Reifer praised Roach's efforts, saying "The first time I saw him as an under-19 bowler, I always thought he was going to play for West Indies. He does a lot, especially with the old ball, getting it to move in and out and he performed very well this morning, bowling decent lengths and lines". Although Bangladesh won the second Test to take the series 2–0, Roach again bowled with pace and aggression, unsettling the Bangladesh batsmen. Varying his length and exploiting the Bangladesh batsmen's weakness against short bowling – even hitting Raqibul Hasan on the elbow with one delivery – Roach proceeded to take career-best figures of 6/48 in the first innings. With 13 wickets to his name, Roach finished as West Indies' leading wicket-taker from the series. Although Bangladesh won the three-match ODI series that followed 3–0, Roach was leading wicket-taker for the series, with 10 wickets at an average of 16.20; in the first of the ODIs he took his maiden five-wicket haul in one day matches (5/44), beating his previous best figures of 2/29. In the second ODI, Roach was fined 10% of his match fee for bowling two beamers. The core of the same squad was retained for September's 2009 ICC Champions Trophy. Roach played in two of West Indies' three matches, as they exited the tournament in the first round, and took three wickets at 33.33.
Shortly before West Indies embarked on a tour of Australia in November to December 2009; senior players such as Chris Gayle and Shivnarine Chanderpaul returned to the squad, but Roach had sufficiently impressed selectors during the dispute that he retained his place. The West Indies lost the first Test in three days; Adrian Barath's century on debut and Roach's bowling performance were the main positives for the West Indies; in the opinion of former Australia captain Ian Chappell, Roach's bowling was "exceptionally good" but he lacked support from more senior bowlers. Although the West Indies drew the second Test, Roach (who was regularly bowling over ) and Dwayne Bravo took the West Indies close to levelling the series on the final day of the match. Australia's captain, Ricky Ponting, commended Roach for his control and accuracy and said "Someone who is pretty short at that pace can get the ball to skid onto you pretty quickly off the wicket with not much bounce. We've played him pretty well here Adelaide. The ball reverse-swung for them in both innings. He's a handful, there's no doubt about that. He's someone who could play a fair bit of Test cricket for them in the future." It was the opinion of Tony Cozier that in the absence of experienced fast bowlers Jerome Taylor and Fidel Edwards, Roach was the leader of the bowling attack in Australia. Roach, who was fastest of the West Indies' bowling line-up, troubled the Australian batsmen with his pace through the series, and a rivalry emerged between Roach and Ponting. In the first innings of the third and final Test, Roach struck Ponting on the elbow, who was forced to retire hurt. However, he was forced to bowl into the wind, which surprised Australian batsmen Shane Watson as it reduced Roach's pace.
Roach was one of the most sought-after players at the 2010 IPL auctions along with Kieron Pollard and Shane Bond. He was involved in a tug-of-war as both Chennai Super Kings and Deccan Chargers were fiercely bidding on him. Finally the latter managed to get him for a fee of 720,000 USD as the Super Kings had another slot to fill and could not go beyond 700,000 USD. He played just two matches for the Chargers in the 2010 season, against Mumbai Indians and Kolkata Knight Riders
The West Indies hosted the 2010 ICC World Twenty20 in April and May. West Indies exited the competition in the first round; Roach played in three of the team's matches, and was West Indies' second highest wicket-taker (5 wickets at an average of 15.40) behind Darren Sammy. After the tournament South Africa remained in the West Indies for their tour of the region in June 2010. South Africa won the three-match Test series 2–0; Roach played in two matches, taking 6 wickets at an average of 31. In the third Test, Roach was involved in an incident with Jacques Kallis; he "repeatedly walked up to and exchanged words with the batsman after testing him with a series of bouncers". As a result, Roach was fined 50% of his match fee.
Roach was part of the West Indies squad which toured Sri Lanka in November and December 2010. Senior bowlers Jerome Taylor and Fidel Edwards were absent, leaving Roach as the head of the attack. In the lead up, he attempted to develop his use of swing to cope with Sri Lankan pitches traditionally unhelpful to fast bowlers. Roach remarked "I still have a little bit of work to do on my lengths, but I'm satisfied with what I got out of the camp". Roach's performance in the Tests, finishing as the West Indies lead wicket-taker with 10 wickets at an average of 24.50 for which he was named Man of the Series, was highlighted by Sammy, the team's captain, as one of the best performances of the drawn series.
In February 2011 Bangladesh, India, and Sri Lanka hosted the 50-over World Cup. In the West Indies' second game of the tournament, Roach became the sixth bowler to have claimed a hat-trick in a World Cup. He dismissed Pieter Seelaar, Bernard Loots, and Berend Westdijk for his hat-trick and went on to claim 6/27, the fourth-best bowling figures by a West Indies player in ODIs. He was the West Indies' leading wicket-taker in the tournament with 13 wickets from 6 matches. Roach played just four Tests in 2011, and took seven wickets at a cost of over 50 runs each. Five players bowled more overs in Tests for the West Indies, and each took more wickets and had a better bowling average; four of them took more than 30 wickets. Despite not regularly featuring in the Test side, Roach finished the year as the team's leading wicket-taker in ODIs with 30 dismissals from 23 matches at an average of 31.16. Roach signed a contract in August 2011 to represent Worcestershire in English domestic cricket. At the time the club was struggling to avoid relegation from the first division of the County Championship, the first-class competition, and in the final game of the season managed to ensure they stayed up. According to Roach Worcestershire's seam bowler Alan Richardson helped him learn how to bowl in English conditions, and took 14 first-class wickets at an average of 39.28.
Australia embarked on a tour of the West Indies in March 2012. In the second match of the three-Test series Roach completed his first ten-wicket haul, thereby becoming the first bowler to take ten wickets in a match for the West Indies since Corey Collymore in 2005; the last West Indian player to achieve the feat against Australia was Curtly Ambrose in 1993. Though the West Indies lost 2–0, Roach's 19 wickets for the series was the most for either side. When the West Indies toured England in May and June 2012, Roach struggled with bowling no balls. In the first Test at Lord's he bowled 18 of them, and in the next match he twice had Alastair Cook caught off a no ball. However, Jonny Bairstow struggled against Roach's bowling, in particular short-pitched bowling, and sustained several blows on the body before falling to Roach.

</doc>
<doc id="5973988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973988" title="Chow Tai Fook Enterprises">
Chow Tai Fook Enterprises

Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Ltd. is a diversified, Hong Kong-based company engaged in the property development, hotel, casino, transportation, jewelry, port and telecommunications businesses. It is ultimately owned by Cheng Yu Tung's Family.
Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited is the major shareholder of the listed company New World Development Co. Ltd. (新世界發展有限公司) ("New World Development") (HKSE: 0017) and NWS Holdings Limited (新創建集團有限公司) ("NWS Holdings") (HKSE: 0659).
Chow Tai Fook Jewellery Group Limited (周大福珠寶集團有限公司) ("Chow Tai Fook Jewellery"), an affiliate of Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Ltd., is also a listed company. (HKSE: 1929).
Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
New World Development.
New World Development is one of the leading property developer based in Hong Kong. It has been listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong since 23 November 1972. It owns the Marina hotel property in Manila, the Philippines.
NWS Holdings.
Chow Tai Fook Enterprises Limited and NWS Holdings jointly own Citybus Limited & New World First Bus Services Limited., two of the major bus service providers in Hong Kong.
Chow Tai Fook Jewellery.
Chow Tai Fook Jewellery is a jewellery retailer ultimately owned by Cheng Yu Tung's Family. The brand is popular in the Mandarin and Cantonese-speaking world. The store has retail outlets in several countries, including over 150 retail outlets in mainland China. 
By 2010 September, there were 1,000 chain stores in mainland China (including franchisees and its own outlets, and the Chow Tai Fook Jewellery set up its objective of opening 2,000 chain stores in mainland China by the year of 2020. Chow Tai Fook Jewellery, plays a leading role in its market segment for a long time since it foundation, esp. from 1997. For 5 continuous years since 2005, it held the No.1 position of market share in its market segment
In 2010, Chow Tai Fook Jewellery purchased a 507-carat diamond for $35.3 million, setting a new record for the highest price paid for a rough diamond.
On 15 December 2011, Chow Tai Fook Jewellery became listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong at a price of HKD 15 per share under the stock code 1929.HK.

</doc>
<doc id="5973990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973990" title="Driss Benzekri (footballer)">
Driss Benzekri (footballer)

Driss Benzekri (; born 31 December 1970) is a retired Moroccan football goalkeeper who played most of his career at RS Settat. He played for the Morocco national football team and was the starting goalkeeper of the national team during the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5973992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973992" title="Narayan Desai">
Narayan Desai

Narayan Desai, son of Mahatma Gandhi's personal secretary and biographer Mahadev Desai, was born on December 24, 1924, in Bulsar, Gujarat. Brought up in Gandhi's Ashram in Sabarmati, Ahmedabad and Sevagram near Wardha, Narayan stopped attending school to be educated and trained by his father and other residents of the Ashram. He specialized in basic education, spinning and weaving khadi.
Early life.
After his marriage to Uttara Chaudhury, daughter of freedom fighter parents, Nabakrushna Chaudhury and Malatidevi Chaudhury, the young couple moved to Vedchhi, a tribal village 60 km from Surat in Gujarat, to work as teachers in a Nai Taleem school. Following the Bhoodan (land gift) movement launched by Vinoba Bhave, Narayan traversed through the length and breadth of Gujarat, by foot, collecting land from the rich and distributing the same among the poor landless villagers. He started the mouthpiece of Bhoodan movement, titled Bhoomiputra (Son of the Soil) and remained its editor till 1959.
Practising Gandhian.
Narayan joined the Akhil Bharatiya Shanti Sena Mandal (Indian Peace Brigade), founded by Vinoba and headed by veteran socialist leader Jayaprakash Narayan (widely known as "JP"). As the general secretary of the Shanti Sena, Narayan recruited and trained peace volunteers throughout the country who intervened during ethnic conflicts and helped establish harmony among conflicting communities.
Narayan was involved in the setting up of Peace Brigades International and was elected as the chairman of the War Resisters' International. He along with a Pakistani peace group were awarded the UNESCO prize for International Peace.
Narayan was active in the campaign against the imposition of emergency in India and brought out a magazine defying the censorship laws. As a close associate of JP, Narayan played an important role in helping the newly formed Janata Party, a conglomeration of major non-Congress political parties in India, arrive at a consensus on the name of Morarji Desai as the Prime Minister.
Recent works.
Following JP's death, Narayan moved to Vedchhi and set up the Institute for Total Revolution. The Institute imparts training in non-violence and Gandhian way of life. Narayan, as a way of paying tribute to his father, Mahadev Desai, wrote a four-volume biography of Gandhi in Gujarati, a dream his father could not fulfil in his lifetime because of his sudden death in prison on 15 August 1942.
Awards.
Narayan was accorded the Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati in 1993 for the biography of his father Mahadev Desai he wrote as part of the centenary celebrations of Gandhi's close aide. Earlier, Narayan's book about his childhood reminiscences of Gandhi too had won the Sahitya Academy Award.
He was awarded the Jamnalal Bajaj Award in 1999 and the UNESCO-Madanjeet Singh Prize for the Promotion of Tolerance and Non-Violence in 1998 "for his tireless work in favour of the promotion ofinter-religious and inter-ethnic understanding, tolerance and harmony and his achievements in the education and training for non-violence and peace, as well as anti-nuclear activism."
Shri Narayan Mahadev Desai won the 18th Moortidevi Award for the year 2004, given by Bharatiya Jnanpith, for his famous work ‘Maroon Jeewan Aj Mari Vaani’, which is based upon the life, philosophy and work of Mahatma Gandhi.

</doc>
<doc id="5973994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5973994" title="Charles McCann">
Charles McCann

Yule Mervyn Charles McCann (4 December 1899 – 29 November 1980) was a naturalist in India. He wrote a popular book on the trees of India and edited a major regional flora apart from publishing many of his other observations, mainly in the journal of the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) that he was associated with.
Early life.
Born at Castle Rock in India, his exposure to the wilderness during his childhood in the forests of the Goa area shaped his lifelong interest in natural history:
He studied at St. Mary's High school at Mazagaon in Bombay (now Mumbai) and worked for a while under Father Ethelbert Blatter at St. Xavier's College as a laboratory assistant and curator. During 1916-1920 he worked under Blatter on botany. He briefly worked with the Bombay city police and then joined the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) as a collector for the Mammal Survey. He worked on the survey around 1921-22 in the Palni Hills and also in the Indus delta areas.
Career.
McCann became the Assistant Curator and served as editor of the Journal of the BNHS. He was involved in the development of the Natural History galleries of the Prince of Wales Museum of Bombay. He was a prolific writer and published 200 articles and papers in the Journal of the BNHS, covering plants, birds, mammals and insects. He was also a fellow of the Linnean Society of London.
In 1946 he resigned his post at the BNHS and migrated to New Zealand. The Executive Committee of the Bombay Natural History Society noted:
In New Zealand he joined the Dominion Museum at Wellington as a Vertebrate Zoologist. He became interested in the whale and seal collections as well as deep-sea fishes.
The BNHS instituted the Charles McCann Vertebrate Fieldwork Fund in his memory to promote field research.
Publications.
A partial list of publications.
With Blatter, REV. E., S. J. PH.D., F.I.S.

</doc>
<doc id="5974010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974010" title="Anglican Episcopal Church">
Anglican Episcopal Church

The Anglican Episcopal Church (AEC) is a Continuing Anglican church consisting of parishes in California, Arizona, Nevada, Alaska, and Florida served by two bishops and 18 other clergy. The AEC was founded at St. George's Anglican Church in Ventura, California.
The Anglican Episcopal Church is an Anglican jurisdiction that describes its faith as being based on the 1928 Book of Common Prayer and the Authorized Version of the Bible.
The Thirty-nine Articles of Religion are accepted as authoritative.
This church body is not to be confused with the "Anglican Episcopal Church of North America" which was founded in 1972 by Bishop Walter Hollis Adams (1907 to 1991), with the "Anglican Episcopal Church, Celtic Rite" which was founded in 1993 by Bishop Robert Harold Hawn (1928 to 1999), with the "Anglican Episcopal Church International" which was founded by Bishop Norman S. Dutton in 2008, or with the "Anglican Episcopal Church of Europe" which was founded more recently.
History.
The Anglican Episcopal Church's first bishop was the Rt. Rev. Reginald Hammond (1918 to 2004). Bishop Hammond was consecrated for the Anglican Episcopal Church on 20 April 2000 by the Rt. Rev. Robert J. Godfrey, a former presiding bishop of the Anglican Orthodox Church. The co-consecrators were: the Rt. Rev. Richard Boyce of the Anglican Province of America and the Rt. Rev. Scott McLaughlin, the Rt. Rev. Hesbon Njera, and the Rt. Rev. Thomas Shank, all of the Orthodox Anglican Church. Following Bishop Hammond's death on 5 May 2004, the church was reduced from three parishes to the one parish in Ventura which then voted to ask for the episcopal oversight of two bishops of the Anglican Diocese of the Good Shepherd: the Rt. Rev. Melvin Pickering and the Rt. Rev. George Connor.
In 2006, St. George's withdrew from its association with the Diocese of the Good Shepherd along with several other parishes. Delegates to an October 2006 General Convention which had been called for the purpose of re-establishing the Anglican Episcopal Church elected Bishop Conner to be its presiding bishop. Canon David Pressey was elected by the AEC Convention of 2008 to be a suffragan bishop. He was consecrated on 22 November 2008.
In 2008, the Anglican Episcopal Church joined with the Diocese of the Great Lakes in founding the North American Anglican Conference. Cooperation on the training of clergy is one objective of the conference. These Continuing churches consider themselves to be in the Anglican Low Church tradition, Evangelical, and conservative. The Thirty-nine Articles are accepted unconditionally; and the 1928 Book of Common Prayer is used for all public worship.
The Anglican Diocese of Texas became a mission partner of the AEC in 2010.
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below. 

</doc>
<doc id="5974013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974013" title="Mustapha Chadili">
Mustapha Chadili

Mustapha Chadili () (born 14 February 1973 in Casablanca) is a retired Moroccan football goalkeeper who currently plays for FAR Rabat.
Chadili played for Raja Casablanca at the 2000 FIFA Club World Championship.
He plays for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5974034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974034" title="Lahcen Abrami">
Lahcen Abrami

Lahcen Abrami (; born 31 December 1969 in Casablanca) is a retired Moroccan footballer. He played for several clubs, including Wydad Casablanca and Gençlerbirliği in Turkey.
Abrami played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1992 Summer Olympics and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5974038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974038" title="William Cavendish, 2nd Baron Chesham">
William Cavendish, 2nd Baron Chesham

William George Cavendish, 2nd Baron Chesham (29 October 1815 – 26 June 1882) was a British Liberal politician.
A member of the Cavendish family headed by the Duke of Devonshire, Chesham was the son of Charles Compton Cavendish, 1st Baron Chesham and Lady Catherine Susan Gordon, daughter of George Gordon, 9th Marquess of Huntly. In 1847 he was elected Member of Parliament for Peterborough, a seat he held until 1852, and later represented Buckinghamshire from 1857 to 1863, when he succeeded his father in the Barony and took his seat in the House of Lords.
In 1849 Lord Chesham married Henrietta Frances Lascelles, daughter of William Saunders Sebright Lascelles and his wife Lady Caroline Georgiana Howard, daughter of George Howard, 6th Earl of Carlisle. He died in June 1882, aged 66, and was succeeded in the barony by his eldest son Charles Compton William Cavendish. His daughter Katherine Cavendish (1857–1941) married Hugh Grosvenor, 1st Duke of Westminster, as his second wife.

</doc>
<doc id="5974039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974039" title="XM22">
XM22

XM22 may refer to either:

</doc>
<doc id="5974046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974046" title="National Human Rights Commission (Thailand)">
National Human Rights Commission (Thailand)

The Thai National Human Rights Commission (; ; Abrv: NHRC) was established 13 July 2001 as a national human rights institution.
Inception.
The inception of the Commission came after a clash (known as “Black May”) between pro-democracy demonstrators and the military in May 1992 which resulted in severe casualties. The Cabinet (42: Prem Tinsulanonda 3 March 1980 – 30 April 1983) passed a resolution in September the same year, to establish a national mechanism committed to the protection of human rights. The national human rights commission was eventually mandated in Article 199 and 200 of the Constitution adopted in October 1997, and formally constituted in July 2001. From its inception to 31 May 2005, it received a total of 2,148 complaints of which 1,309 had already been investigated, 559 were still in the process of investigation, and 209 were in the process of gathering evidence. These complaints covered not only civil and political rights but also other spheres of rights including economic, social and cultural rights. As for the "clash" that inspired the NHRC, on 16 May 2002, Amnesty International issued a press release noting that ten years later, justice had still not been done.
Nevertheless, as a result of its proactive stance in relation to corporate-related human rights abuses, NHRC is widely accepted by the public, and it has apparently been receiving an increasing number of cases in recent years. Many cases are still being resolved but the NHRC remains committed to affording victims of corporate related human rights abuses and access to remedies. The NHRC’s mechanism is easy to understand and is similar to court-based adjudication. The difficulty lies in the lack of enforcement powers and hence in the lack of ability to order remedies if one party defaults and the National Assembly fails to look into the problem. Hence, there is the possibility that the victim may not have access to any remedies and thus greater enforcement powers are needed.
Coup of 2006.
The NHRC began to experience severe difficulties after the Thai military seized power in the 2006 Thailand coup. The Commission remains in existence but members have not been appointed to replace those whose terms have come to an end. Saneh Chamarik, chairman of the Commission, defended the coup, stating in an interview: 
His remark was criticized by Suwit Lertkraimethi, an organizer of the 19 September Network against Coup d'Etat, who noted, "His role is to protect human rights, but his statement showed his approval of human-rights violations." Suwit demanded Saneh's resignation from the NHRC.
Accreditation.
It is accredited with "A status" by the International Co-ordinating Committee of National Human Rights Institutions (ICC), and is a member of the regional NHRI network, the Asia Pacific Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="5974049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974049" title="Silloth railway station">
Silloth railway station

Silloth was the terminus of the Carlisle and Silloth Bay Railway, a branch railway from Carlisle, England.
Overview.
It was closed by the Beeching axe on 7 September 1964.
The Allerdale council in northern England passed its final approval on a plan to demolish the remaining structure of the station on 8 December 2006. The development firm James Morgan Ltd. was awarded a contract to build new single-family housing on the property. Stuart Hinchliffe, director of the development firm also stated "We will be reinstating as much of the old railway platform as we can, to maintain Silloth’s Victorian history."

</doc>
<doc id="5974059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974059" title="A.S.D.C. Borgomanero">
A.S.D.C. Borgomanero

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Calcio Borgomanero is an Italian association football club located in Borgomanero, Piedmont. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
In 2012–13 season Borgomanero won promotion to Serie D after finishing first in Eccellenza Piedmont and Aosta Valley Girone A.
The foundation.
It was founded in 1951 and spent several seasons in Serie D.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are blue and red.

</doc>
<doc id="5974060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974060" title="Francisco Gabriel de Anda">
Francisco Gabriel de Anda

José Francisco Gabriel de Anda (born 5 June 1971 in Mexico City) is a former Mexican soccer player
He played for several clubs, including Santos Laguna, Cruz Azul, Pachuca and Correcaminos
He played for the Mexico national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Contrary to popular belief, his given name is "Francisco", and his last names are "Gabriel" and "de Anda". This confusion happens because Gabriel is a common given name.
His brother is Juan Carlos Gabriel de Anda, as a Fox Sports Anchor.
Gabriel de Anda currently appears on ESPN Deportes in the United States and throughout Latin America on ESPN Latin America as an analyst for various programs.

</doc>
<doc id="5974062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974062" title="Paul Raines">
Paul Raines

Paul Raines may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5974065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974065" title="KHS Bicycles">
KHS Bicycles

KHS Bicycles is a bicycle manufacturer founded in 1974 with main operations in the United States and Taiwan. Its bicycles are distributed in over 30 countries. Although KHS' main focus has been in mountain bikes, it has offerings in road bikes, folding bikes, tandem bikes, cruiser bikes (under the Manhattan brand name), single speed bikes and bmx bikes (under the FreeAgent brand name). Some of its products have been favorably reviewed.
Overview.
KHS Bicycles, Inc. of Los Angeles, California is the designer and U.S. distributor of KHS Bicycles, Manhattan Cruisers and Free Agent BMX Bicycles. KHS stands for Knowledge, Health, and Strength. Founded in 1974 by Wen Hsieh, the KHS bicycle brand is a part of the KHS Co. Ltd., which manufactures bicycles, motorcycles and musical instruments in wholly owned factories located in Taiwan. KHS, Inc. was founded and is located in Southern California. More than 67 models of KHS, 26 models of Free Agent BMX Bicycles and 16 models of Manhattan Cruisers serve the needs of recreational as well as enthusiast cyclists in over 33 countries around the world.
History.
KHS Co. Ltd. Was founded in 1953 as part of the KHS Group, privately held by the Hsieh Family. The initial product produced by KHS was motorcycles under Yamaha license. In 1974, the KHS bicycle division was established with technical cooperation from Sukosha of Japan. In 1987, the KHS Co. and Yamaha of Japan established a joint venture operation in order to increase production capacity and explore new markets around the world. Consequently, motorcycles are now exported to Greece, Portugal, Italy, India and Japan. United Engineering Corp. was established in 1988. Formerly known as the KHS Bicycle Factory, United Engineering Corp.now manufactures KHS bicycles, as well as bicycles for other companies throughout the world.
KHS & FREE AGENT Racing.
KHS Bicycles and its BMX brand Free Agent have long histories of racing victories, including numerous national and world championships. Here is a brief list of some of the brands' top racing victories, sponsored riders and sponsored teams.
Sponsored racers:
Sponsored teams:

</doc>
<doc id="5974072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974072" title="Danna García">
Danna García

Danna Maria García Osuna (born February 4, 1978 Medellín, Colombia) is an actress and model best known for her roles in telenovelas.
Biography.
She began her career shooting television commercials and at seven and drove Notituticuanti and the serial starring Imagínate, Tantas Cosas and Seres querido. Then came more than 25 appearances on television and soap operas as Al final del Arcoiris, Azúcar, Zarabanda, "Perro Amor", La Casa de las dos Palmas, La otra raya del tigre and Victoria.
Career.
Since Marcela Vallejo played in the soap opera, Café con aroma de mujer, Danna was screened internationally. With their performances reached millions of households throughout Latin America, U.S., Spain, Serbia, Italy, Indonesia and even Japan. Alongside her performance in Café con aroma de mujer, debuted as a singer in the Colombian band of Cafe Moreno, next to her sister the actress and singer Claudia Garcia, Carolina Angel and Zulu. This group called 'Tropical Pop' popular folk songs rescued from Colombia, but with the idea of positioning among young audiences in 1994 were received with great acceptance. The group released the albums 'Momposina' (1994) and 'Cafe Moreno' (1995) under the label 'Rodven Records'. In 1995, this quartet dissolves. Since then Danna consolidate her acting career, but has not been completely removed from the song to play songs from two of its soap operas Perro Amor and Háblame de amor.
In 1996 she became the first Colombian to play the lead role of a soap opera in Mexico, Al norte del corazón of TV Azteca. After several months of work, she returned to Colombia in 1997 to play the role of Sofia Santana in the soap opera Perro Amor, with which he received several awards and nominations. Danna return to Mexico after two years the country to star in the soap opera of Háblame de amor. At the end of the recordings, traveled to New York City to continue his theater studies at Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute. After several months, she accepted the offer to star in La revancha, where Soledad and would represent surrounded by an international cast. The telenovela aired in the U.S. on Univision getting excellent ratings as in Puerto Rico, Venezuela, Mexico, Spain, Netherlands, Greece and other European countries.
After starring in Passion of hawks completed two projects with high ratings, I'm going to teach Split Heart Will and transmitted by Telemundo and Caracol / RTI (Colombia). Later, he starred in Telemundo's Betrayal a period novel, full of romance, giving life to solitude, and repeating artistic partnership with Mario Cimarro as they did in Pasión de Gavilanes. Recently, she worked in the Televisa telenovela A hook to the heart, where Valentina Lopez stars as a young boxer.
Since 2009 she starred Bella Calamidades Telemundo's new novel by the Argentine heartthrob Segundo Cernadas, Katie Barberi, Maria Helena Doering and Diana Quijano, among others. Bella Calamidades is the first telenovela from Telemundo that is released first in Latin American countries rather than in the United States leading the fringes times the countries where the novel is issued. In 2010 Mexico star in the remake of Cradle of wolves whose tentative name for blood right next to William Levy (actor) and produced by Salvador Mejía and star in the remake of One look at you with Christian Meier Telemundo.
In 2012, she made casting Qué bonito amor the soap opera producer Salvador Mejía, a remake of La hija del mariachi Televisa in which she won the role of history along with Jorge Salinas and Pablo Montero.

</doc>
<doc id="5974074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974074" title="J. M. R. Parrondo">
J. M. R. Parrondo

Juan Manuel Rodríguez Parrondo (born 9 January 1964) is a Spanish physicist.
Works by Juan M.R. Parrondo.
"Noise-Induced Non-equilibrium Phase Transition" C. Van den Broeck, J. M. R. Parrondo and R. Toral, Physical Review Letters, vol. 73 p. 3395 (1994)
Further reading.
"Game theory: Losing strategies can win by Parrondo's paradox" G. P. Harmer and D. Abbott, Nature vol. 402, p 864 (1999)

</doc>
<doc id="5974081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974081" title="Deepavali (film)">
Deepavali (film)

Deepavali is a 2007 Indian Tamil romance film written and directed by "Thulladha Manamum Thullum" fame Ezhil and produced by "Thirupathi Brothers", the Tamil film production company owned by brothers N. Subash Chandrabose and noted director, N. Lingusamy and was founded in 2006. Starring Jayam Ravi and Bhavana in lead and Raghuvaran, Lal and Vijayakumar in supporting roles. The shooting of the film finished in December 2006, with shooting locations were canned in India and in Oman, for the picturization of a song. The film released worldwide on 9 February 2007. "Deepavali" has been remade into Oriya in 2010 as "Dil Tate Deichi" directed by Sanjay Nayak and starring Sabyasachi Mishra and Priya Choudhury, and in Bengali in 2013 as "Deewana" directed by Rabi Kinagi and starring Jeet and Srabanti Chatterjee. It was also Dubbed in Hindi as Billu Bachchan : Ek Diljala and in Telugu as "Paga".
Plot.
Billu (Jayam Ravi) is the son of Mudaliar (Vijayakumar). Mudaliar is much loved and respected by people of his locality and Billu is almost like a foster son to every person in the locality.
Billu takes an instant liking for Susi (Bhavana) the moment he sets his eyes on her at the railway station. Susi, who has arrived from Bangalore to Chennai, is all set to stay at Sait’s (Cochin Haneefa) place and Sait, who has worked for Susi’s father Chidambaram (Lal), a dreaded thug, earlier, has changed ways but retains his respect towards him nevertheless. Susi, who has been craving for love and concern since young, gets impressed with the bonding that the Royapuram residents share. When a Godman predicts that Susi is the one for Billu, she is taken aback. She dreads her father to a great extent and fears that things will go topsy-turvy if their relationship blossoms into love. But soon, she realizes that she cannot camouflage her feelings towards Billu and enjoys being in the company of Billu and his friend, when the unexpected occurs.
Susi acts peculiar when a long lost friend meets her at a restaurant. She denies knowing her despite her friend Revathi’s attempts to talk to her. Feeling insulted, Revathi walks away, much to the dismay and confusion of Billu and his friends. Susi, who gets emotionally high-strung, leaves the restaurant in a jiffy too. Susi, at this juncture, comes out with the truth to Billu. Affected with a condition called ‘ post traumatic event disorder’ after an accident, Susi has forgotten events that happened in a span of three years. Billu, who takes her to the doctor (Raghuvaran), learns that this condition can be cured, but when she does get cured, Susi will not be in a position to remember whatever happened and whoever she met at Chennai-Billu included.
This disheartens Susi to a major extent and she persuades Billu to promise her that he would never leave her, even if she were to forget him due to her condition. Billu promises her that he would never leave her, come whatever may. Billu’s conversation with Chidambaram infuriates the latter and he immediately arrives to Chennai with his goon men. When he is all set to leave to Bangalore with his daughter, the residents rise to the occasion and flock against Chidambaram. Deciding to play it safe, Chidambaram agrees to the engagement between Billu and Susi and cunningly, thrashes Billu after making him arrive at a place far from his locality, at the outskirts. The helpless Susi travels along with her father, escorted by his men, to Bangalore.
When Billu meets Susi at her residence, he gets nothing less than shocked as she has been cured and she fails to recognize him. But Billu, who had given a word to his beloved that he would never leave her, is not the one to relent. How he tries relentlessly to convince her and what happens with Susi forms the rest of the story.
Soundtrack.
The music of "Deepavali" was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja, who got to work together with director S. Ezhil for the first time. The soundtrack was released on 5 January 2007, which features 5 tracks with lyrics written by Na. Muthukumar, Yugabharathi and Kabilan. The album was a major success as the songs got immensely popular upon release, particularly the songs "Pogadhey" and "Kadhal Vaithu".

</doc>
<doc id="5974083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974083" title="West Central District">
West Central District

West Central District () is a district located in the central of Tainan City, Taiwan.
History.
The district founded on April 1, 2004, which merged with West District and Central District. This district was the capital of Taiwan about 200 years and also the oldest region in Taiwan and can be traced back 300 years.

</doc>
<doc id="5974091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974091" title="Jamal Sellami">
Jamal Sellami

Jamal Sellami () (born 6 October 1970) is a retired Moroccan football player and current coach. 
He played for several clubs, including Olympique Casablanca, Raja Casablanca, Maghreb Fez and Beşiktaş J.K. in Turkey.
He played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5974096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974096" title="F.C. Canavese">
F.C. Canavese

Football Club Canavese was an Italian association football club located in San Giusto Canavese, Piedmont.
History.
Canavese was formed by the 2001 merger of the two clubs "U. S. Sangiustese" founded in 1946 and "A. S. Volpiano" founded in 1919. 
It played five years in Serie D before earning promotion in 2006. In 2005 they made it to the second round of promotion playoffs before losing to Cirié in extra-time. The following year, Canavese won Girone A with 74 points, leading to a direct promotion to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. Their first two seasons there were successful, just missing the promotion playoffs in 2007–08 and finishing in the top half of the league in 2008–09. However, their follow-up was less inspiring, finishing 13th in Girone A, avoiding the relegation playoffs by one point.
Canavese didn't join 2011-12 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione and excluded from all football.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are blue and garnet.

</doc>
<doc id="5974106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974106" title="Jean-Paul Rappeneau">
Jean-Paul Rappeneau

Jean-Paul Rappeneau (born 8 April 1932) is a French film director and screenwriter.
He started out in film as an assistant and screenwriter collaborating with Louis Malle on "Zazie dans le metro" in 1960 and "Vie privee" in 1961. In 1964, he was co-screenwriter for "L' Homme de Rio", which starred Jean-Paul Belmondo.
The first film that he both wrote and directed was "A Matter of Resistance" in 1965. Although it was a great critical and popular success, he did not make another film until 1971, when he directed "Les Mariés de l'an II", again starring Belmondo and Marlène Jobert.
Since 1975, Rappeneau has written only for his own films, including "Le Sauvage", starring Yves Montand and "Tout feu tout flamme" (1981), again with Montand, who co-starred with Isabelle Adjani.
In 1990, Rappeneau directed a deluxe Technicolor film version of "Cyrano de Bergerac", his adaptation of the classic French play by Edmond Rostand, starring Gérard Depardieu in what may become known as his greatest role. Rappeneau's film version is the most elaborate film version of the play ever made, and one of the most expensive French films ever produced. It is the only rendition of the play in the original French to be released widely.
The 2003 comedy "Bon voyage", co-written with Patrick Modiano, again starred Depardieu, this time with Isabelle Adjani.

</doc>
<doc id="5974112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974112" title="Rachid Azzouzi">
Rachid Azzouzi

Rachid Azzouzi () (born 10 January 1971 in Fes) is a Moroccan footballer.
He played for several clubs, including MSV Duisburg, Fortuna Köln and Greuther Fürth, all in Germany.
He played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1992 Summer Olympics, 1994 FIFA World Cup and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
After the end of his playing career, Azzouzi served as sporting director for SpVgg Greuther Fürth. On 25 May 2012, it was announced that Azzouzi will become the new sporting director of Germany second division club FC St. Pauli.

</doc>
<doc id="5974129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974129" title="Tahar El Khalej">
Tahar El Khalej

Tahar El Khalej (pronounced Taher Lakhlej ) (born 16 June 1968) is a Moroccan former footballer.
Club career.
Born in Marrakech, El-Khalej played for several clubs, including UD Leiria and Benfica in Portugal, and for Southampton and Charlton Athletic in England.
He joined Southampton for £350,000 in March 2000 as Glenn Hoddle's first signing for his new club, although the deal had already been arranged by Dave Jones. He scored on his debut in a 7–2 defeat against Tottenham Hotspur on 11 March 2000. He faced stiff competition as a central defender from Claus Lundekvam and Dean Richards, and was later employed in a midfield role. In all he made 65 appearances for the Saints, scoring four goals.
One of his more notable moments was a reckless lunge on Kieron Dyer, where he earned a straight red card. Dyer was injured for months afterwards and threatened Tahar with legal action if Dyer had missed the 2002 World Cup.
In January 2003, el-Khalej moved to Charlton Athletic, before returning to Morocco at the end of the 2002–03 season.
International career.
He played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Retirement.
El Khalej was the president of Kawkab Marrakech in 2005–06 when they played in the Moroccan 2nd division, achieving promotion to the Moroccan first division before he left the club.
Personal life.
He is married with two sons, Yassine and Ahmed.

</doc>
<doc id="5974143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974143" title="Il piccolo Marat">
Il piccolo Marat

Il piccolo Marat is a "dramma lirico" or opera in three acts by the Italian composer Pietro Mascagni from a libretto by Giovacchino Forzano.
Performance history.
The opera was first performed on 2 May 1921 at the Teatro Costanzi, Rome and then many times in Italy and South America, with at least 450 individual performances documented. Though Mascagni was slated to perform the opera in the United States in 1926, logistics proved too difficult for rehearsal, and the North American premiere waited until 13 April 2009, when Teatro Grattacielo performed the opera at Avery Fisher Hall in New York.
Recordings.
Several recordings exist of the complete work, the most widely distributed of which features the husband and wife team of Virginia Zeani and Nicola Rossi-Lemeni with tenor Giuseppe Gismondo; this live 1962 recording from San Remo was issued on the Italian Cetra label as a 3-LP set and, later, a 2-CD set. A live concert performance from the Netherlands, 1992, starring Susan Neves and Daniel Galvez-Vallejo, was issued on the Bongiovanni label.
Among significant recordings of selections of the opera are Hippolito Lazaro's 1926 recording (with soprano Mafalda de Voltri) of approximately 14 minutes of the opera beginning at "Sei tu? Che cosa vieni a fare?... Va nella tua stanzetta". 

</doc>
<doc id="5974144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974144" title="Antony Dupuis">
Antony Dupuis

Antony Dupuis (born 24 February 1973) is a French professional tennis player.
__TOC__
Personal life.
Dupuis began playing tennis at the age of nine with his father Xavier. He mentioned in an interview once that he prefers clay and hard court surfaces. He is coached by Beniot Carelli, whom he credits with improving his physical and mental ability. Carelli has coached Dupuis since February 1998.
Career.
Dupuis won one singles title in Milan in 2004 and reached a career-high singles ranking of World No. 57 in September 2001.
In 2006 he tested positive for the banned drug Salbutamol and was suspended for two and a half months.

</doc>
<doc id="5974152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974152" title="Borderline (Michael Gray song)">
Borderline (Michael Gray song)

"Borderline" is a song by British producer Michael Gray featuring Shelly Poole. It was released in July 2006 as his second single. While "Borderline" failed to match the success of its predecessor "The Weekend" it entered the top twenty on various charts including - the Official UK. Singles Chart and Dance Chart, UK. Upfront Club and Australian ARIA Club charts. It often fell off then re-entered the Australian ARIA Dance chart, for example it charted at number 20 on 12 February 2007, months after its initial release.
Content.
The song contains a sample replay of Chapter 8's 1979 R&B hit "Ready For Your Love". 
Track listings.
There are two extra versions of the single now because there was a mix-up on the UK and Ireland iTunes, the originally uploaded songs are now on iTunes as well as the official versions of the single.
Music video.
The music video does not include Michael Gray or Shelly Poole. It features dancer Keeley Malone lying on a sun chair touching another dancer and lipsynching parts of the song - this scene switches back and forth through others which are of female dancers (including Shelina Gallacher among others) on rooftops of buildings in London (St. Paul's Cathedral can be seen at times in the background, and at least one location is believed to be 8-10 New Fetter Ln, EC4). The outfits in the video consist of what looks like; a white schoolgirl top and black tie, a black coat, a black bikini bottom, black stockings and black heels (as seen in the video screenshot). It has been banned on 3 UK TV channels. [http://www.ministryofsound.com/news/features/20060720_3] It was directed by Phil Griffin.

</doc>
<doc id="5974153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974153" title="Si Thep District">
Si Thep District

Si Thep () is the southernmost district ("Amphoe") of Phetchabun Province, Thailand, located in the Pa Sak valley.
History.
The district was created on December 13 1970 as a minor district ("King Amphoe") with territory from Wichian Buri district. It was upgraded to be Amphoe Si Thep on August 8, 1976.
The ancient city of Si Thep was built in Khmer era. Prince Damrong found the area of the old city in 1905 when he visited Monthon Phetchabun. It is now the Si Thep historical park.
Geography.
Neighboring district are (from the north clockwise) Wichian Buri of Phetchabun Province, and Lam Sonthi, Chai Badan and Khok Charoen of Lopburi Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 7 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 93 villages ("muban"). The township ("thesaban tambon") Sawang Watthana covers parts of the "tambon" Sa Kruat. There are further 7 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="5974158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974158" title="Spider-Man Unlimited (comics)">
Spider-Man Unlimited (comics)

Spider-Man Unlimited is the title of three comic book series published by Marvel Comics. The first series began in 1993 and was named in its indicia as Volume 1. It was set in the main Marvel Universe. The second series was based on the animated TV series "Spider-Man Unlimited", and was not set in the Marvel Universe. Its indicia also called it Volume 1. The third series, which began in 2004, did not have a volume number listed and was set in the main Marvel Universe.
1993 Series (Vol. 1).
The 1993 series was a quarterly series with double-length stories, which at the time was notable for being printed on glossy stock paper (a practice discontinued in later issues before being adopted by the entire Marvel line in the 2000s). Earlier issues played a part in Spider-Man crossovers; the first issue was the first part of Maximum Carnage and the second issue was the last part of Maximum Carnage. Issues #7-14 formed part of the Clone Saga. Later in the series, the focus shifted to stand-alone stories. Ron Lim penciled the lead story in the first 8 issues of the book. Most of the later issues were written by Christopher Golden and drawn by Joe Bennett.
Issue #1.
Spider-Man Unlimited #1 was published in May 1993. The issue credits are:
Plot.
Cletus Kasady has been transferred from the Vault to Ravencroft Institute for some tests. No one seems to realise that the symbiote is part of Kasady – they think he dressed up in a costume when he performed the mass murders. The symbiote takes hold of him, however and he slaughters the guards and doctors.
Pete and MJ are at the wake after Harry's funeral. Liz, Flash, Felicia, Robbie and Jonah are all there too. Jonah thinks Spider-Man was responsible for Harry's downfall (as the Green Goblin). Peter is incredibly mixed up as he comforts Liz.
Carnage's killing spree is continuing as Ravencroft when he comes across a fellow inmate, Shriek. She persuades him to free her so she can join in the 'fun'. Elsewhere, MJ isn't too happy. She's upset from the whole Harry fallout and asks Peter to give up being Spider-Man – for a couple of weeks at least – so things can settle. He agrees.
Out on the streets, Carnage and Shriek come across the weird Spider-Man Doppelganger from the Spirits Of Venom story in Web Of 95. Carnage and it begin to fight but Shriek subdues the thing. Pete's gone for a takeout and hears on the radio about Carnage's escape. His vow to MJ lasts no time at all as he changes to Spider-Man and goes swinging off to find Carnage. He is attacked by Shriek and the Doppelganger, however. Spider-Man eventually ends up toppling off a building into a back alley as the Doppelganger and Shriek swing off.
At the climax, Jonah enters his Bugle office to find he's just entered into a surprise meeting with Carnage.
1999 series (Vol. 2).
Spider-Man Unlimited Wizard edition.
Spider-Man Unlimited Wizard Edition is a Marvel comic book series that was printed in 1999, and told the story of Spider-Man's new adventures in the "Spider-Man Unlimited" television series. In this storyline, Spider-Man sports a new costume - one similar to that worn by Ben Reilly and May "Mayday" Parker - made using Nanotechnology "discretely borrowed" from Reed Richards. In this series, Spider-Man also confronts a species known as Bestials: monsters created by High Evolutionary which rule a planet called Counter-Earth and outnumber the planet's human population.
Issues 1/2, 1 and 2.
Peter Parker meets with J. Jonah Jameson to take picture of his son, astronaut John Jameson, before a space mission to a hidden planet on the other side of our sun called Counter-Earth, but it is quickly revealed that Venom and Carnage have joined forces in a plot against the space mission. Following the two to the launch site, Spider-man attempts to thwart their plot, but fails.
Blamed for Jameson losing contact with our Earth after the battle with the two Symbiotes, Spider-Man becomes a target of persecution by the media and the public. This causes Peter to temporarily retire from his life as Spider-Man. After a brief hiatus, Peter Parker decides to board a new spaceship on a flight to Counter-Earth to save John Jameson.
The first three issues, the first of which is a half-issue, are based on the first three episodes of the television series.
Issue 3.
In issue #3, Peter is assigned by the Daily Byte to follow the Counter-Earth Version of Reed Richards. It is suspected that Reed has knowledge of a mysterious creature called The Brute. The only thing Peter finds is that Richards is a really uptight individual. Together, they go to a party which requires everyone to have ID Chips. Before Peter is discovered not to have one, The Brute shows up to crash the party. After a fight between Spider-Man and The Brute, it is revealed to him that the creature is none other than Reed Richards. The Brute is helping the rebel against the Beastials; as Reed, he is a spy. He's also aided in his mission by his friend Ben Grimm. Reed reveals that after a tested flight similar to the one which created the Fantastic Four, the Counter-Earth Reed was transformed by cosmic rays into The Brute, while Ben Grimm was unaffected, Johnny Storm was killed and Susan Richards was left in a coma.
Issue 4.
Peter decides to take a look at life outside the city after Naoko is hesitant to tell him what lies beyond Manhattan; as Spider-Man, he asks the Green Goblin for help in leaving the island, which the Goblin only grants after Spider-Man tells him that he doesn't have the sub-dermal ID chip with which the High Evolutionary tracks human residents. As soon as he reaches the other side of an exit tunnel, he is dragged into the water by a tentacled creature; when he reawakens, he finds himself in a tree-house in a hidden forest refuge known as "Harmony" where humans and Beastials live together. However, his stay is short lived when he raises the ire of one of the human leaders of the area, a man named Brixton, and he barely escapes from what suddenly turns out to be a police state when he stumbles on a human Gwen Stacy double; she assists him by secretly housing him and then guiding him to the tunnel back to Manhattan.
Issue 5.
Peter Parker and his house rental Dr. Naoko Jones finally succeed to put Naoko's kid Shayne to sleep after he was hiding from the mysterious serial killer that was lurking on the streets. This mysterious serial killer was attacking people and viciously removing their sub-dermal ID Chip.
Later in the comics we see Peter write in his journal back in his room, until he noticed a picture of Naoko, Shayne and Naoko's husband who is a decorated soldier.
Suddenly Peter's spider sense alerting him for danger outside the house, he is encounter another of the killer's victims who looks like Wolverine Beastial.
After an enormous fight the Beastial Wolverine and Spider-Man stopped to fight after they started to talk things out, until they are noticed a robber kidnaps Dr. Naoko Jones.
They follow the quick-moving robber with Wolverine's sense of smell that finds the robber easily.
They team up and started to fight the robber who is transformed into a lizard like bestial called himself the "Chameleon from Counter-Earth".
After beating the chameleon Wolverine said that this neighborhood is not his home any more and gave Spider-Man his medal that looks just like the medal that Naoko's husband wear in the picture, a thing that confirmed that Wolverine is Shayne's dad and Naoko's missing husband.
2004 Series (vol. 3).
The third series, launched concurrently with the second series of "X-Men Unlimited", was a bimonthly anthology featuring two stories per issue, usually by writers without a significant body of previously-published comics work.

</doc>
<doc id="5974161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974161" title="A.C. Castellettese">
A.C. Castellettese

Associazione Calcio Castellettese is an Italian association football club located in Castelletto sopra Ticino, Piedmont. It currently plays in Group A of the Eccellenza Piedmont, after having been directly relegated from Serie D in 2006/07. Its colors are white and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5974162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974162" title="Polish Reformed Church">
Polish Reformed Church

The Polish Reformed Church, officially called the "Evangelical Reformed Church in the republic of Poland" (Polish: "Kościół Ewangelicko-Reformowany w RP") is a historic Protestant church in Poland established in the 16th century, still in existence today.
Structure and organisation.
An internal census showed that in 2004 the Polish Reformed Church had ca. 3500 members. These were spread over eight congregations in Poland:
Furthermore, emerging congregations exist in some other cities, including Poznań, Wrocław, and Gdańsk. In 2003 the Church ordained its first woman minister and two more female students are in training. The Polish Reformed Church is a minority church in Poland, where roughly 90% of the people are Roman Catholics. 
One of Poland's other religious minorities is the larger Evangelical-Augsburg Church in Poland, a Lutheran Protestant church with around 80,000 members. The church is administered by a consistory elected every three years, and chaired by a layperson. The official representative of the church is its Bishop, elected for a ten-year term. The highest ecclesiastical governing body is the synod, which convenes every year and has lay and clergy delegates from all of its congregations. 
History.
16th-18th centuries.
The Polish Reformed movement goes back to the half of the 16th century when the teachings of Swiss Reformers like Zwingli and Calvin began to make their way to Poland. Earlier, Lutheranism had made way to Poland, especially in the cities. A great boost to the Reformation movement happened when in 1525 the devotedly Roman Catholic king Sigismund I the Old (1506–48) accepted as his vassal in Prussia, the Lutheran prince Albert I, Duke of Prussia, thus creating the first Protestant country in the World. Though the king opposed "new thought", humanists all across Poland and Lithuania began studying Reformed theology. The most celebrated and influential group was found in the country's capital Kraków, where they flocked around the book printer and vendor Jan Trzecielski grouping nobles, burghers, professors, priests. The first Reformed church service was held in 1550 in Pińczów, a little town nearby Kraków, where the local noble owner converted to the Reformed Faith, expelled the monks, ’purging’ the city church. Other nobles soon followed suit and the first Reformed synod in Lesser Poland was held in 1564 in Słomniki, close to Kraków. Thus the Lesser Poland Brethren (Jednota Małopolska) was formed. 
In the meantime in the North of Poland another Reformed church was formed. The Czech Brethren, persecuted by the Czech king Ferdinand I Habsburg fled to Greater Poland (1548), where they settled in the estates of the local aristocrats whom they very quickly converted to their faith. The number of their congregations quickly swelled from 20 in 1555 to 64 in 1570. Their main centre was the city of Leszno, where they were settled under the patronage of the devotedly Reformed Leszczyński family. Thus the Greater Poland Brethren (Jednota Wielkopolska) also called the Czech Brethren, was formed. The Greater Poland and the Lesser Poland Brethren did try to cooperate more closely and even signed in 1555 a Union agreement but the Lesser Poland's Reformed nobles who formed the bulwark of the church members found the Czechs to be too hierarchical and undemocratic, and in the end the Lesser Poland Brethren became a strongly synodal structure, while the Greater Poland church became more Presbyterian. 
The Reformation in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania (today's Lithuania, Belarus, and Ukraine) date to 1552 when the local aristocrat Mikołaj "the Black" Radziwiłł received a Reformed preacher, although some of Reformation ideas were known in Sigismund II Augustus palace because of returned educated Lithuanian Abraomas Kulvietis, who had founded school and taught children in Lutheran manner. He was generally unpopular among the Catholic hierarchy because of his Lutheran beliefs, and when the queen was away in 1542 Abraomas was forced to leave the country. Soon he (Radziwiłł "The Black") was followed by his cousin Mikołaj "the Red" Radziwiłł and other aristocrats. The first synod was held in 1557, and two years later the Lithuanians signed a Union agreement with the Lesser Poland Brethren. A huge number of converts were attracted from Orthodox nobility. While the nobles used Polish in church services, an effort was made to convert the Lithuanian-speaking peasants and serfs, but since Lithuanian did not have a written form till the second half of the 19th century, Polish stayed as the official church language. Thus the Lithuanian Brethren (Jednota Litewska) came into being. 
In 1556 John a Lasco (Jan Łaski) returned from Western Europe to help with the organisation of the Polish Reformed church. Seeing that the new king Sigismund II Augustus was sympathetic to the Reformed cause, he tried to write a Confession that would be agreeable not only to all the three Reformed churches but to the Lutherans as well. Unfortunately, exhausted from overwork, he died in 1560, having achieved only the consolidation of the Lesser Reformed Brethren, which shortly afterwards was weakened by the split of the Unitarians (1563). In the same year, the Second Helvetic Confession was translated to Polish and was adopted by the Lithuanian and Lesser Poland Brethren. 
In a posthumous tribute to John a Lasco, the Czech Brethren, the two Reformed and the Lutheran churches in Poland agreed in 1570 to the Confession of Sandomir (Konfesja Sandomierska), which was an irenic translation of the Second Helvetic Confession and in theory formed one, united, Protestant church. The strength of the Polish Protestants was shown when in 1573 a law was passed foreboding any persecution based on religion, an act unprecedented in Europe of that time. The Protestants formed also over 65% members of the Lower and just about a half of the Upper Houses of Parliament. 
The Reformed opened excellent schools in Pińczów, Leszno, Kraków, Vilnius, Kėdainiai and Słuck, printed the first complete Bible in Polish, commissioned by Mikołaj "the Black" Radziwiłł. Though grouping mainly nobles and aristocrats, it managed to have some following among the peasantry as well. In some regions the number of Reformed parishes completely outnumbered the Roman Catholic ones, though in proportion the movement probably never exceeded 20% of the total population and 45% of nobility. At the same time the movement was rising in strength, there were signs of Catholic revival. Jesuits were invited to Poland by the clergy in 1565, and these friars soon advocated more stringent methods of combating ‘heresy’. Religious riots followed, which managed to expel Protestants from the main cities of Poland (Kraków, Poznań, Lublin) with the important exception of Wilno. The Unitarian split seriously weakened the church, and in 1595 the Reformed–Lutheran Union fell apart. 
The new staunchly Catholic king, Sigismund III Vasa, refused to promote any Protestants and from the beginning of the 17th century the church found itself in a serious defensive, with all three Brethren losing churches and followers. The brief respite they got during the reign of king Wladyslaw IV Vasa (1632–48) was followed by civil wars, wars with Sweden, Russia and Turkey which ravaged the country for latter half of the century. By then, only a handful of faithful remained in all three Brethren, with the Lithuanian one now leading the other three. Nearly all the aristocrats converted to Catholicism, and the last Protestant in the Senate (a Lutheran) died in 1668. The rise of intolerance began in 1658, when Unitarians were expelled from the country, and 1668 conversion from Catholicism was punishable by death. Finally, in 1717 the Protestant nobility were stripped of all their political rights, which were only reinstated to them in 1768. Though a small number of Huguenots settled in Poland at the end of the 17th century (Gdańsk, Warsaw), the numbers dwindled. By 1768, the number of Reformed churches has dwindled to 40 from 500 by 1591. 
In 1768 under pressure from Orthodox Russia and Protestant Prussia the Polish Diet reluctantly reinstated political rights to the Polish nobility, as well as granting nearly full freedom of worship and religion — only the prohibition of abjuring from Catholicism was maintained. Under the enlightened king Stanisław August Poniatowski (1764–95), the Reformed quickly began to rebuild themselves from ruins. New churches in Poznań, Piaski etc. were constructed. In the capital Warsaw, a new congregation organised itself and erected a new church (1776). This congregation had a multicultural outlook, as apart from Polish nobles it consisted of merchants of Scottish, English, Swiss, Huguenot, Dutch and German origin. Services were held in Polish, German and French. 
Church organisation also consolidated and in 1777, in the Lesser Poland's congregation of Sielec, a union was signed between the Polish Reformed and Lutherans, and the Union of Sandomir was once again reaffirmed. A common consistory was established with six members, in equal number from the Reformed and Lutherans, two being clergy, two being burghers and two being nobles. Though this union was short-lived (dissolved in 1782), the Protestants in Poland continued to grow and expand, especially in Warsaw, whose congregation soon overshadowed any other church centre. This optimistic period was cut short by the Three Partitions of Poland by Prussia, Russia and Austria (1772, 1793, 1795) which led to the disappearance of Poland for over a century from the map of Europe. 
The Polish Reformed without Poland (1795–1918).
The beginnings were not easy. The Greater Poland Brethren was incorporated in 1817 to the Prussian Evangelical Union Church as a separate district (Kirchenprovinz Posen, i.e. ecclesiastical province of Posen) but without any autonomy. Between 1829 and 1853 Bishop Carl Andreas Wilhelm Freymark (1785–1855) led the Posen ecclesiastical province as general superintendent. Under constant pressure from the Prussian government by the mid 19th century the United Church abandoned Polish in its liturgy and most of old Reformed nobles chose to convert to Roman Catholicism rather than to become Germans. In Austria too, the parishes were incorporated to the Evangelical Church of Augsburg and Helvetian Confession in Austria, but forming a seniorate of its own separate from those for the Lutherans. 
During the 19th century the number of Polish Reformed parishes shrank from 4 to just one in Kraków. There the Reformed shared the parish with Lutherans, and these became so dominant that from 1828 only Lutheran pastors were called to the pulpit, though a handful of Reformed survived. Polish Reformed Christianity was maintained in land taken by Russia. The Warsaw congregation led by outstanding members dominated the rump Lesser Poland Brethren and became a leader of the denomination. The Lithuanian Brethren maintained its synodal structure and Polish outlook, and in the beginning of the 19th century erected a monumental church in Vilnius. 
The number of Reformed were growing too: in 1803 a colony of Czech settlers founded a town and congregation of Zelów. Under the energetic Superintendent Karol Diehl (who died in 1831) in 1829 another administrative union was signed with Lutherans. Unfortunately, the predominance of the more numerous Lutherans in the new Consistory of the Reformed, as well as the unsuccessful November Uprising in 1830 led the Tsar Nicolas I of Russia to dissolve the Union in 1849. Under the new decree separate Lutheran and Reformed churches were formed. The Lesser Poland Brethren was dissolved its six parishes merged into one (in Sielec) and now put under the charge of the Conisistory in Warsaw. This new church was called (unofficially) the Warsaw Brethren. The Lithuanian Brethren was spared dissolution, though its schools were taken away by the Russian state. 
The rest of the 19th century saw a slow growth of the Reformed movement in Poland, though proportionally to the rest of the Polish population their percentage declined. New congregations were established in Lublin (1852), Seirijai (1852), Suwałki (1852). The Czechs from Zelów migrated to other parts of Poland and there they formed new congregations: in Kuców (1852), Żyrardów (1852) and Łódź (1904). Despite severe Russian repression after the January Uprising (1863) in which many Reformed nobles were implicated and active, the church remained Polish and slowly absorbed and Polonised new immigrant groups that settled in the country. The growth of the church would have been more impressive, had it not suffered from an acute shortage of ministers: for example in the 1880 there were just 5 pastors serving 10 congregations. 
Things were not going so well for the Lithuanian Brethren. Its estates were confiscated in 1841 and after 1866 the church was forced to conduct its administrative business and synods in Russian. The number of congregations went down to 12, though 2 new were founded in the course of the 19th century by Czech settles from Zelów. The church managed to avoid any nationalistic conflict between its Lithuanian peasant members and the still predominant Polish nobles. 
At the beginning of the 20th century a number of Polish Reformed from Żyrardów, Kuców, and Zelów emigrated to the United States, where in 1915 a Polish Presbyterian parish was formed in Baltimore, Maryland; this parish existed until 1941. 
Independent Poland (1918–39).
Immediately after Poland regained its independence both the Warsaw and Lithuanian Brethren expressed joy at the occasion and a desire to unite in once church. In 1918, the Warsaw Brethren allowed women full voting rights in church assemblies, congregations and synods. Until the 1930s both churches grew rapidly. The Warsaw Brethren organised new congregations in Toruń, Poznań, Lwów (today Lviv in Ukraine) and Kraków. Due to missionary activity a few thousands of Ukrainians were converted to Reformed Christianity from Eastern Orthodoxy and organised into a semi-independent synod within the Warsaw Brethren. In 1926 the church started to publish a two-weekly church newspaper "Jednota" (Brethren) which still exists today. 
The Lithuanian Brethren suffered huge loses, when the Lithuanian parishes formed themselves into a separate church in independent Lithuania, as well as the lost to Soviet Russia the old church centres such as Słuck, Kojdanów, Mińsk etc. The Brethren, now left with only 4 congregations (Wilno, Izabellin, Niepokojczyce, Michajłówka) rebuilt itself by incorporating Polish Anglicans (mainly converts from Judaism) into a separate synod, as well as by mission to Ukrainians and Belarusians. Despite repeated attempt to unite themselves, the two churches remained separate, and in the 1930s even hostile, after the Wilno Consistory engaged itself into a lucrative yet dubious business of granting easy divorces. Union talks were resumed in 1939 but were interrupted by the outbreak of World War II. 
By 1939 the Warsaw Brethren had over 20,000 members, and the Lithuanian Brethren ca. 5,000 members. Apart from these two churches, the United Evangelical Church in Poland (Kościół Ewangelicko-Unijny w Polsce), which had assumed independence from the Church of the old-Prussian Union, had ca. 3,000 Reformed, and the Evangelical Church of Augsburg and Helvetian Confession in Lesser Poland (Kościoł Ewangelicki Augsburskiego i Helweckiego Wyznania w Małopolsce), having emerged from the Polish part of the old united Austrian Church, had ca. 2,000, thus bringing the total number of Reformed in Poland to ca. 30,000 members. These included Poles of Polish, Czech, Lithuanian, German, Ukrainian, Belarussian, and Jewish backgrounds. 
World War II persecution (1939–45).
On September 1, 1939 Nazi Germany invaded Poland and on September 17 so did the Soviet Union. After a desperate fight, Poland was annexed by Russia and Germany and the Government went into exile by the end of the month. Both the Nazis and Soviets instigated a true reign of terror in the conquered territory. These measures affected also the Reformed. In the Nazi sector the entire Anglican Synod of the Wilno Brethren (ca. 1000 members) was wiped out. In Łódź, the pastor was first forbidden to preach in Polish. When he started to do so in Czech, was arrested by the Gestapo after the Christmas Eve service in 1940, deported to Dachau where he was murdered. The congregation was suppressed and services ceased. The same happened to congregations in Toruń, Poznań and Lublin. 
The Warsaw parish survived under the courageous leadership of the General Superintendent Stefan Skierski (died 1948), but, following the Warsaw Rising (1944), it was dispersed. Deportations, executions and forced labour decimated the church. Under the "progressive" Soviets things were not better: the Ukrainian Protestants were deported and nearly completely wiped out. The Wilno congregation was first subjected to the Lithuanian synod, and then Polish services were ordered to cease. The nobility and intelligentsia were hunted down and either executed or deported to Siberia. By 1945 the Wilno Brethren ceased to exist. 
Under Communism (1945–89).
It took the Polish Reformed two years before they met in a Synod (1947). The old Rev. Skierski was chosen again as superintendent but he died exhausted and broken by the atrocities of the war. The situation of the church was dramatic: only three ministers were in Poland; the churches in Lithuania and Belarus were lost to Soviets; the church in Sielec, and Tabor were seized as "German" by the Catholic population; Warsaw was completely destroyed by the Germans, although the church managed to survive. 
The number of members was estimated to be at 5000, or nearly 1/6 the 1939 number. Still, it was dropping even more, as the German and Czech Reformed were emigrating from Poland. Old Reformed churches in West Poland were taken over by the Catholics who refused to give them back; the lack of pastors was acute till the end of the 1950s. Some Polish Reformed stayed in the West rather than come back to a Communist regime and formed the London Reformed Polish Church, that existed till 1991. 

</doc>
<doc id="5974165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974165" title="River, Kent">
River, Kent

River is a village and civil parish in Kent, England, United Kingdom, situated between the historic town of Dover and the neighbouring village of Temple Ewell. "Village" is a somewhat loose term for River; it is a community of several thousand and is probably more usefully regarded as a suburb of Dover. After a period of rapid housing development in the 1960s and 1970s, the size and population of River has largely stabilised in recent decades, and little new development is now seen. This is partly because River lies in a steep chalk valley which affords little scope for further expansion. However, it is also true that the Dover area is historically not in the vanguard of high economic growth, being tied almost exclusively to the cross-channel port and various support industries, which have witnessed a gradual decline since the opening of the Channel Tunnel. In transport terms River is well connected, being close to the A2 and A20 trunk routes, having a railway station at Kearsney with direct services to London, and of course being only from the Port of Dover itself.
River is also one of the wards in the Dover local government district. The ward also includes the parish of Alkham, situated west of River.
Geographically speaking, River is situated in a steep wooded valley formed by the River Dour. At its north-west (upstream) end the valley splits into the Dour Valley, in which Temple Ewell lies, and the Alkham Valley, which for much of the time is dry but which contains the Drellingore, a highly seasonal stream characteristic of chalk downland (another example being the nearby Nailbourne). The confluence of the Dour and Drellingore rivers is situated in Kearsney Abbey near its Lower Road entrance.
At the valley floor, River is on average about above sea level (there is a mark on the playground wall of River Primary School, Lewisham Road, to indicate the 100 feet level). Along the axis of the Dour, the land slopes gradually down towards the sea about distant. In valley cross-section, the land slopes steeply updwards and is heavily wooded. The common land areas above Kearsney Abbey afford excellent views down towards Dover and its historic castle, and much of the area consists of rare and delicate chalk grassland.
River comes under the jurisdiction of Dover District Council and is in the Dover and Deal parliamentary constituency. River has had its own Parish Council since 1987.
Being a relatively stable community, River has a strong identity and sense of place, even though there is no longer any definable focal point such as a green or pond. The village has a primary school of about 400 pupils, taking almost all of its intake from the village itself. Its population supports a wide variety of local interest groups such as drama (the Dour Dramatic Players), gardening (the River Gardeners), and many others. The Village Hall in Common Lane is the focus for many of these society activities. There are still four existing pubs, the Royal Oak and the Dublin Man 'o' War, the Cricketers, and the Railway Bell. Teams from the Dublin and The Fox in Temple Ewell meet every Boxing Day for a traditional tug of war across the lake in Kearsney Abbey.
There are two significant green areas, the River Recreation Ground (the "Rec") and Kearsney Abbey. Despite its name, Kearsney Abbey was never a monastic estate. "Abbey" was simply the name given to a manor house built by the Fector family in the early 19th century on the Kearsney Manor estate. The house fell into disrepair after World War II and was demolished in about 1960. All that remains of the building today is the billiards room, which now serves as a café.
There are other green spaces nearby, notably Crabble Athletic Ground (home of Dover Athletic F.C.) situated at the Dover end of Lewisham Road, and Russell Gardens/Bushy Ruff, situated on the Alkham Valley Road beyond Kearsney Abbey.
There are two thriving churches, the Parish Church of St Peter and St Paul in Minnis Lane, and the Methodist Church on Lewisham Road. The parish church celebrated its 800th anniversary in 1995; the Methodist Church its 100th round about the same time.
The nucleus of River (the "older" areas of the village, around Lower Road, Common Lane, River Street and Minnis Lane) dates from the 1800s or earlier. Most of the development post-dates this; Lewisham Road, Valley Road, Byllan Road and surroundings probably from the 1930s, and "the estate" around The Ridgeway and Crabble Lane, plus the floodplain developments of Riverdale and Kingston Close, from the 1960s and 1970s.
In its heyday, River had a number of shops, but most of these have gradually closed over the years. While the village presently has three grocery-type shops, the Co-op on Lower Road, a greengrocer on Common Lane, and Coxhill Stores on Lewisham Road, right up to the 1970s there were at least four others: Waterfall Stores on Minnis Lane, Simmons' on River Street, Stoker's hardware store on Lower Road, and Harris's on Lewisham Road. There was also a butcher next to the Co-op. The increasing ease of transport links into Dover, and nearby Folkestone and Canterbury, and the growth of out-of-town developments around Whitfield, have, as with so many other places, squeezed the market for small local shops to the point of unsustainability. River retains its post office.
River has a park called Kearsney Abbey, and another two adjacent parks called Russell Gardens and Bushy Ruff.
Mills.
River owes its early existence to milling. The River Dour, which runs through the village and along which Lower Road is built, once supported several water-powered flour and paper mills. One of them, formerly known as Mannering's Mill but now known as Crabble Corn Mill (built in 1812), survives in working form. It now promotes itself as a visitor attraction, offering a pleasant lakeside setting and restaurant as well as educational and historical resources. they host the odd Ghost Hunt there, South East Spirit Searchers ( www.sess-kent.co.uk )often carry out paranormal investigationsThe site of the other major mill within "old" River is now long since disused and forms an attractive and atmospheric landmark at the downstream end of Kearsney Abbey, known locally as "The Ruins". It forms excellent habitat for water-loving birds such as grey wagtails and kingfishers. Other mills existed further downstream but all have now been either demolished or converted for other industry or housing.

</doc>
<doc id="5974185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974185" title="Martin Sjardijn">
Martin Sjardijn

Martin Sjardijn (born 1947) is a painter, sculptor, digital artist and conceptual artist, who has created the Weightless Sculpture Project.
Life and work.
He was born in The Hague, The Netherlands. He Studied Fine Arts at the Royal Academy of Art and for some years Cultural Sciences and Philosophy. After painting for many years, he started in 1985 the Weightless Sculpture Project. In 1990 he began to use the Internet to work with virtual reality, such as head-mounted displays and Datagloves with tactile 
feedback, at The Technical University in Delft. 
Since 1998 he has been developing an Art and Educational Project using interactive 3D technology with vrml in collaboration with 
the Groninger Museum in the Netherlands. His main project is Weightless Sculpture, which he began in 1985 with the concept "
A Line in Outer Space - Visible from earth - with the naked eye - At clear nights." 
This statement was sent to press-agencies worldwide in 1985. Christo was the first artist who gave his reaction in a letter. Soon after Harald Szeeman also sent a letter.
Sjardijn made an animation at the Digistar Planetarium Computer in the Omniversum in The Hague 
and exhibited in the Municipal Museum of The Hague. 
His latest concept is called ArtSpaceLab, which contains a virtual exhibition, 
a database and a proposal for an artproject inside the International Space Station. The virtual Coop Himmelb(l)au Pavilion gives access to a database, containing a big collection of 
free software and (video)tutorials as used by Sjardijn.
Weightless sculptures.
"Weightless sculptures" are a type of kinetic sculpture. Martin Sjardijn proposed the first Weightless sculpture as a conceptual artwork in 1985 as a line in outer space to be an extension of the manmade satellite. He started the Weightless Sculpture Project with the statement:
This would use the device of a highly reflective grit, to be launched into space using standard piggyback payload technology, and brought into a 30.000 km/h sun-synchronous orbit at a height of 200-400 kilometers. The grit is then spread out over a 100 meter long and 1 meter wide area so that a clearly recognizable line will be visible with the naked eye at clear nights during 15 minute intervals at every point on earth. 
The precedent for this is from the Belgian painter Paul Van Hoeydonck who created "Fallen Astronaut", an aluminium statue about 8.5 cm long that was sent to the moon with the Apollo 15 mission. It is not a weightless work of art because of the gravity on the moon.

</doc>
<doc id="5974189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974189" title="F.C.D. Lottogiaveno">
F.C.D. Lottogiaveno

Football Club Dilettante Lottogiaveno (formerly Football Club Giaveno) is an Italian association football club located in Giaveno, Piedmont. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are red and blue.
History.
The club was founded in 1968 with the name of U.S. Giaveno. Giaveno spent a long time in the regional Piedmont leagues, and wouldn't gain promotion from the Terza Categoria until the 1980s. When the team finally promoted, they succeeded in a double promotion, gaining promotion to the Prima Categoria.
In 1986 the football club merged with U.S. Coazze, giving the club a new name; A.C. Giaveno Coazze. The small club succeeded to conquer the championship of Prima Categoria at the first attempt, they went on to win the Promozione in order to pass into the hunt for the Eccellenza championship. Giaveno achieved Eccellenza victory the following season. 
Giaveno first competed in Serie D during the 1989–90 season, and the successive season finished at sixth place in the championship. The following season the club were not as fortunate and were relegated; they only gained promotion back to Serie D during the 2002–03 season when they also changed denomination to F.C. Giaveno.
In 2007, after a sponsorship deal with Lotto Sport Italia, the club changed denomination to F.C.D. Lottogiaveno.

</doc>
<doc id="5974194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974194" title="George Bowyer (singer)">
George Bowyer (singer)

George Bowyer had a hit single in the UK Singles Chart in 1998 with the song, "Guardians of the Land". The then 33-year-old agricultural insurance broker George Bowyer, hit the record stores with the backing of the pro-hunting pressure group, the Countryside Alliance.
The single made number 33 in August 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5974199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974199" title="Arthur Latham">
Arthur Latham

Arthur Charles Latham (born 14 August 1930 and educated at Royal Liberty School in Romford, Essex and LSE) is a British Labour Party politician. 
Latham was elected MP for Paddington North in a 1969 by-election, which he served until 1974 when the seat was abolished in boundary changes. He was then MP for Paddington, which he lost in 1979 to the Conservative John Wheeler by 106 votes (just 0.3% of the total).
Latham was married to Ruby Margaret who died in November 2000, and they had two children a son Howard Arthur and a daughter Diana Margaret. He is now married to Caroline Hurlestone.

</doc>
<doc id="5974201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974201" title="Isabeau">
Isabeau

Isabeau is a "leggenda drammatica" or opera in three parts by Pietro Mascagni, 1911, from an Italian libretto by Luigi Illica. Mascagni conducted its first performance on 2 June 1911 at the Teatro Coliseo, Buenos Aires. 
A retelling of the medieval English legend of Lady Godiva, Mascagni described it in an interview as his attempt to "return to the romanticism which inspired so much of Italian opera."
Synopsis.
King Raimondo tries to find a husband for the princess Isabeau by holding a tournament, but she is unwilling to choose a husband. When the king forces her to ride naked through the city, the people refuse to look at her out of respect. Furthermore, they demand from the king an edict condemning to blindness anyone who dares to look at her. Unaware of the edict, the falconer Folco accidentally looks upon Isabeau during her ride and is arrested. When Isabeau visits him in prison, she falls in love with him and begs her father to pardon him. However, the king's minister stirs up the passions of the people who rise up in a vigilante mob and kill Folco. Isabeau kills herself over his dying body. 
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5974205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974205" title="Hitchin F.C.">
Hitchin F.C.

Hitchin Football Club were an English professional football club based in Hitchin, Hertfordshire. Formed in 1865 and based at Top Field, Hitchin took part in the inaugural FA Cup competition in 1871–72. Turning professional early in the twentieth century, financial worries were compounded by a fire at Top Field in 1911. The club folded soon after.
History.
Hitchin Football Club was formed in 1865, and arrived at Top Field soon after — the exact date of the move is not certain, but it is known that in "torrential rain", Hitchin held Crystal Palace to a 0–0 draw on the first day of the inaugural FA Cup competition on 11 November 1871. Both clubs were allowed through, and Hitchin lost 5–0 to the Royal Engineers in the next round.
Hitchin's ground at Top Field acquired a proud grandstand during the late 19th century, although the players were still obliged to change at The Cricketers public house across the street. The side turned professional around the turn of the century, but this was an economic folly. To make matters worse, the great grandstand burnt down in 1911. Debt-ridden, with no grandstand and little success, the club limped along until finally folding during the First World War.
This Club is not to be confused with Hitchin Blue Cross who also played in the Town at this time (frequently against Hitchin). They were founded as Hitchin Blue Cross Brigade in the late 1890s and were founder members of the Herts County League in 1898-99. They changed their name to Hitchin Blue Cross in 1902 and played in the Herts County League until 1924. They were twice runners-up in the Herts Senior Cup in 1906–07 and 1920–21 and won it in 1922–23.
Hitchin Town Football Club were formed in 1928 and are generally seen as the successor to the original club.

</doc>
<doc id="5974206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974206" title="Ahmed Bahja">
Ahmed Bahja

Ahmed Bahja (; born 21 December 1970 in Marrakech) is a retired Moroccan footballer. He played for several clubs, including KAC Marrakech and Raja Casablanca. He has also played for the famous UAE club, AlWasl of Dubai. In addition, he played for Al-Nasr, Al-Ittihad, Al-Hilal in Saudi Arabia and Al-Gharafa in Qatar.
Bahja played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1994 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5974215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974215" title="U.S.D. Cirié Calcio">
U.S.D. Cirié Calcio

Unione Sportiva Dilettante Cirié Calcio (formerly Unione Sportiva Dilettante Orbassano Cirié) is an Italian association football club located in Cirié, Piedmont. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are black and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5974223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974223" title="2006 European Fencing Championships">
2006 European Fencing Championships

The 2006 European Seniors Fencing Championship was held in İzmir, Turkey, between 4 July and 9 July 2006. The event, sanctioned by the European Fencing Confederation (EFC), was organized by the Turkish Fencing Federation (TEF). 
382 senior fencers from 37 European countries competed in the championship's foil, épée, and sabre events. Russia was the most successful nation, followed by Hungary and Romania. This was the first time that the championship was hosted by Turkey.
Venue.
İzmir is the third largest city of Turkey. The competitions took place in İzmir Halkapınar Sport Hall, a multi-purpose hall with a capacity of around 9,000 persons, completed in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5974228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974228" title="Young Greens (Ireland)">
Young Greens (Ireland)

The Young Greens () is the youth organisation of the Irish Green Party, incorporating the Green Party in Northern Ireland.
History.
The Young Greens were formed in March 2002, as a group of students from the four main college campuses, which focused on the environment and social justice. It soon branched out to other college campuses and other themes, like opposition to the Iraq War and support for the Kyoto Protocol and Fairtrade. It campaigns for protection of the environment, human rights and more funding for education. The Young Greens conduct campaigns on a local as well as national level.
Organisation.
The Young Greens have over one thousand members in branches on eight university and IT campuses all over the island of Ireland, as well as some local branches to accommodate youths outside of third level education. In 2004 it became associated with the Federation of Young European Greens. 
As of February 2009 the official member branches are University College Cork, University College Dublin, Trinity College, Dublin, National University of Ireland, Galway, National University of Ireland, Maynooth, University of Limerick, Queen's University Belfast, Dublin City University and Cavan-Monaghan. The Cavan/Monaghan Young Greens is the only Young Greens group that is not based in a third-level institution. The organisation is currently looking to expand into Dublin Institute of Technology and around the country. Membership, as of 2009, stands at over 1,200, an increase of roughly 20% on last year's figures.
The Young Greens also elect a representative to the Green Party's National Executive Committee (NEC), which is responsible for the administrative and mid to long-term affairs of the party. The current Young Greens representative on the NEC is Martha Dalton.
Third Level Tuition Fees.
The Young Greens were strongly involved in the national protests against the proposed re-introduction of third level tuition fees and successfully campaigned for a commitment in the Renewed Programme for Government that they would not be reintroduced.

</doc>
<doc id="5974230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974230" title="Hassan Kachloul">
Hassan Kachloul

Hassan Kachloul () (born 19 February 1973 in Agadir) is a retired Moroccan footballer. He played for the Moroccan national team and was a squad member at the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
Career.
Although born in Morocco, Kachloul was raised in Belleville in France and spent his early career in French football, with Nîmes Olympique, before signing for FC Metz, who loaned him to USL Dunkerque and AS Saint-Étienne respectively.
After being released by his parent club FC Metz at his own request, he spent a spell searching for a new club before moving to England, joining top flight Southampton in October 1998. He remained at The Dell until June 2001 when he joined Aston Villa after his contract expired. He had originally made a verbal agreement to join Ipswich Town, and was celebrated as a crucial signing, but changed his mind at the last minute to head to Villa Park.
Kachloul was signed by John Gregory and played almost all his games for the club under him. After Gregory resigned in January 2002, he was frozen out by, firstly, Graham Taylor, and later David O'Leary.
The midfielder left Aston Villa in July 2004, after failing to appear for the club in the 2003/04 season. He had spent five months on loan at fellow Premier League side Wolves during the campaign, but had only managed 4 games, after suffering injury and illness.
After a spell as a free agent, he joined Livingston, where he helped the club avoid relegation. His time at Livingston was somewhat overshadowed due to the suspicious circumstances of his transfer. As he had joined as a free agent, and was signed outside the transfer window, he played under 'amateur' status. However, this was found to be unsound as he was discovered to be receiving an income from Livingston. The SPL ruled that as the player could have been signed as a professional and there had been no need to sign him as an amateur on 31 March 2005. Livingston argued that they had gained no competitive advantage from this situation, and therefore a points deduction were not imposed. The club were fined £15,000.
After leaving Livingston, he had a trial at Derby County in late 2005, but was not signed and has since retired. He currently works as a property developer.

</doc>
<doc id="5974235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974235" title="Nicholas Cavendish, 6th Baron Chesham">
Nicholas Cavendish, 6th Baron Chesham

Nicholas Charles Cavendish, 6th Baron Chesham (1941–2009), was a British Conservative politician.
A member of the Cavendish family headed by the Duke of Devonshire, Chesham was the son of John Cavendish, 5th Baron Chesham and Mary Edmunds Marshall. He took his seat in the House of Lords on his father's death in 1989, and served as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard (Deputy Chief Government Whip in the House of Lords) from 1995 to 1997 in the Conservative administration of John Major. However, he lost his seat in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999, which removed the automatic right of hereditary peers to sit in the upper chamber of Parliament. He married first on 4 November 1965 to Susan Donne Beauchamp. They divorced in 1969. Nicholas then married Suzanne Adrienne Byrne, in 1973. He died on 27 August 2009.
They had two sons:

</doc>
<doc id="5974236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974236" title="Kilmichael, County Cork">
Kilmichael, County Cork

Kilmichael () is a village in County Cork, Ireland. Kilmichael P.O. is located on an early map (1897-1913) at the Cooldorragha Cross Roads.
Kilmichael does not have a village however there are many townlands containing populated areas.
Kilmichael Ambush.
Near the village was the scene of the famous Kilmichael Ambush. The actual fight took place at the confines of Haremount and Shanacashel at the place that was known as Dereen-a-Bharraigh, Dorin-a-Bharraigh. The little oak wood of Barry, or Barry’s oak wood. The Kilmichael Ambush Site Monument is located south of the village.
Schools.
Dromleigh National School is the oldest national school in Ireland. The school was opened in 1840 and still survives today in its original building.

</doc>
<doc id="5974242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974242" title="List of Dragon Ball soundtracks">
List of Dragon Ball soundtracks

This list contains known titles from both Japanese and American soundtracks from all iterations of the "Dragon Ball" franchise.
Regular Soundtracks.
"Dragon Ball Kai".
"Dragon Ball Kai: Original Soundtrack".
The soundtrack includes thirty-three tracks. Some of those tracks include TV-size versions of the opening and ending themes (previously released in CD singles, episode recap and preview music, and more. The limited edition include three extra bonus tracks.
Song credits<br>
3. Takayoshi Tanimoto (Dragon Soul)<br>
18. Original Vocals by You Yamazaki<br>
19. Original Vocals by Saki Oshitani<br>
32. Takayoshi Tanimoto (Dragon Soul)

</doc>
<doc id="5974248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974248" title="Nocera Terinese">
Nocera Terinese

Nocera Terinese is a town and "comune" of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. 
In its territory, according to the last archaeological investigations, was located the ancient Greater Greece city of Temesa.
Notes and references.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5974250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974250" title="David Walder">
David Walder

Alan David Walder (13 November 1928 – 26 October 1978) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Born in St Pancras, London, Walder was educated at Latymer School and Christ Church, Oxford. He was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1948. In 1953 he transferred to the 4th Hussars (Army Emergency Reserve) and was promoted Lieutenant. He was promoted Captain in 1956. He became a barrister, called to the bar by Inner Temple in 1956.
He unsuccessfully contested the Leicester South West constituency at the 1959 general election.
He was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for High Peak at a 1961 by-election, but lost the seat at the 1966 general election, to Labour's Peter Jackson.
He was returned to the House of Commons at the 1970 general election as MP for Clitheroe, which he held until his death in Chelsea in 1978 at the age of 49. Walder was an assistant government whip from 1973 to 1974.
Walder coined "Walder's Law" which stated that the first speaker at any 1922 Committee meeting was insane.
Walder's successor at the by-election after his death was David Waddington. 
Walder was also a noted author and military historian. His works included humorous fiction relating primarily to his experiences in the army and politics, and comprised:

</doc>
<doc id="5974251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974251" title="A.C.S.D. Saluzzo">
A.C.S.D. Saluzzo

Associazione Calcio Società Dilettante Saluzzo is an Italian association football club located in Saluzzo, Piedmont. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are all-maroon.

</doc>
<doc id="5974254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974254" title="San Floro">
San Floro

San Floro is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5974255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974255" title="Symphony No. 3 (Rachmaninoff)">
Symphony No. 3 (Rachmaninoff)

Sergei Rachmaninoff composed his Symphony No. 3 in A minor, Op. 44 between 1935 and 1936. The Third Symphony is considered a transitional work in Rachmaninoff's output. In melodic outline and rhythm it is his most expressively Russian symphony, particularly in the dance rhythms of the finale. What was groundbreaking in this symphony was its greater economy of utterance compared to its two predecessors. This sparer style, first apparent in the "Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini", enhances the emotional power of the work.
The symphony was premiered on November 6, 1936, with Leopold Stokowski conducting the Philadelphia Orchestra. Critical opinion was divided and public opinion negative toward the work. Rachmaninoff remained convinced of the piece's worth, however, and conducted the Philadelphia Orchestra in the first recording of the work in 1939. Following the reevaluation of Rachmaninoff's work in the 1970s, the symphony has been viewed in a more favorable light and has been frequently played and recorded.
Form.
The symphony contains only three movements but its central one fulfills the dual role of slow movement and scherzo—a symphonic innovation for Rachmaninoff. The work employs cyclic form, with the subtle use of a motto theme combined, as usual with Rachmaninoff's works, with references to the plain-chant "Dies irae". Also like Rachmaninoff's motto themes—and thus differing from Tchaikovsky's—it is short and, by tending to assume various shapes, is easily workable for further symphonic development. The piece is approximately 40 minutes long.
Composition.
Rachmaninoff composed his Third Symphony after writing his "Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini" and "Variations on a Theme of Corelli". He arrived at his newly built Villa Senar on Lake Lucerne in Switzerland in late April 1935 with the prospect of writing a symphony in mind. Satisfied with his new home and in good spirits, Rachmaninoff seemed definitely up to the task. On May 15 he informed his cousin Sofiya Satina that he had done "some work," and during the following weeks was seriously at work with the composition. However, a three-week cure at Baden-Baden in July, along with a two-week hiatus in August, put Rachmaninoff behind. Five days before leaving Senar at the end of his summer holiday, Rachmaninov wrote to Satin with some dissatisfaction, "I have finished two-thirds in clean form but the last third of the work in rough. If you take into account that the first two-thirds took seventy days of intense work, for the last third – thirty-five days – there is not enough time. Travels begin and I must get down to playing the piano. So it looks as though my work will be put aside until next year."
Near the end of the 1935-36 concert season, recitals in Switzerland enabled Rachmaninoff to pay a brief visit to Senar. He evidently took the score of the symphony with him when he left, since he had it with him in Paris in February 1936 for Julius Conus to mark bowings in the string parts. Work on the last movement had to wait until the composer arrived at Senar on April 16 for the summer holiday. On June 30, the composer reported to Satina, "Yesterday morning I finished my work, of which you are the first to be informed. It is a symphony. Its first performance is promised to Stokowski—probably in November. With all my thoughts I thank God that I was able to do it!" Rachmaninoff arrived in America just in time for final rehearsals of the work's premiere.
Instrumentation.
The symphony is scored for full orchestra with 3 flutes (the 3rd doubling on piccolo), 3 oboes (the 3rd doubling on cor anglais), 2 clarinets in A and B, bass clarinet in A and B, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 4 horns, 2 trumpets A and B, 1 contralto trumpet in F, 3 trombones, tuba, timpani, cymbals, bass drum, snare drum, triangle, tambourine, tam-tam, xylophone, harp (or celesta), and strings.
Reactions.
Critical.
The day after the Third Symphony premiered, Edwin Schloss wrote for "The Philadelphia Record" that he found the work "a disappointment," with "echoes ... of the composer's lyric spaciousness of style" but largely sterile. Even Olin Downes, normally a champion of the composer's works, was not so sure about this piece. Oddly, he seemed to contradict himself, accusing Rachmaninoff of saying nothing new yet admitting a greater independence of style:
The outward characteristics of Rachmaninoff's style are evident in the work head on this occasion. It cannot be said, however, that in these pages Mr. Rachmaninoff says things which are new, even though his idiom is more his own than ever before, and free of the indebtedness it once had to Tchaikovsky. Nor is it easy to avoid the impression, at a first hearing of the work, of a certain diffuseness. There is a tendency to over-elaboration of detail, and to unnecessary extensions, so that the last movement, in particular, appears too long. Would not a pair of shears benefit the proportions of this work?
Samuel L. Laciar, reviewing the work for the "Public Ledger", gave a more positive assessment. He called the symphony "a most excellent work in musical conception, composition and orchestration," adding that Rachmaninoff "has given us another example in this work that it is not necessary to write dissonant music in order to get the originality which is the greatest—and usually the single—demand of the ultra-moderns." W.J. Henderson of the "Sun" was perhaps most accurate in summing up both the work and the situation the critics faced in assessing it:
It is the creation of a genial mind laboring in a field well known and loved by it, but not seeking now to raise the fruit of heroic proportions... The first movement is orthodox in its initial statement of two contrasting chief subjects. They are contrasted in the customary way, in temper and tonality. But the working out section pays only polite respect to tradition. The development of themes immediately follows their statement and this is Rachmaninoff's method. The cantabile theme of the first movement is especially attractive in its lyric and plaintive character and the leading subject has virility and possibilities which are not neglected later. In fact, we suspect, after this insufficient first hearing, that there is more organic unity in this symphony through consanguinity of themes than is instantly discernable.
Public.
The public was as confused as the critics. Listeners who enjoyed the Second and Third Concertos, the Second Symphony, "Isle of the Dead" and, more recently, the "Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini", came expecting a quite different work than the one they heard. As Barrie Martyn phrases it, "The public had doubtless been misled by the old-style romanticism of the eighteenth Paganini variation and were perplexed to find that Rachmaninoff had after all advanced beyond the 1900s; the critics, on the other hand, condemned him just because they felt that he had not."
Composer.
Rachmaninoff, however, was convinced the Third Symphony was one of his best works, and the lukewarm reception it received both disappointed and puzzled him. He summed up the situation in a 1937 letter to Vladimir Wilshaw: "It was played in New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, etc. At the first two performances I was present. It was played wonderfully. Its reception by both the public and critics was sour. One review sticks painfully in my mind: that I didn't have a Third Symphony in me any more. Personally, I am firmly convinced that this is a good work. But——sometimes composers are mistaken too! Be that as it may, I am holding to my opinion so far."

</doc>
<doc id="5974256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974256" title="San Mango d'Aquino">
San Mango d'Aquino

San Mango d'Aquino is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy. This town was recently rejuvenated by several construction programs designed to improve access for tourism.
Geography.
The town is bordered by Cleto, Martirano Lombardo and Nocera Terinese.
Religion.
Each year in San Mango there is the feast of the virgin where a statue of the Virign Mary is paraded around the streets. A similar festival is held in Scranton, Pennsylvania by descendants of the San Manganese people each year.
This Feast is also celebrated in North Royalton Ohio at the Trunzo family residence since 1970. Started by Peppino Trunzo and Frank Adamo. The cities of Parma and North Royalton Ohio have both issued proclamations on this celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="5974259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974259" title="San Pietro Apostolo">
San Pietro Apostolo

San Pietro Apostolo is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy. It is located about 9.5 miles northwest of Catanzaro, the provincial capital.
Perched on a hillside, it occupies 11.51 square kilometers, and had a population of 1,925 inhabitants in 2001. It is surrounded by the villages of Decollatura, Gimigliano, Miglierina, Serrastretta and Tiriolo. The largest nearby town is Nicastro, which has since become part of the larger comune of Lamezia Terme.
The parish church is that of San Pietro. Other churches in S. Pietro are Madonna di Carmelo and Madonna della Lettera.
Historical Notes.
The best available knowledge regarding the history of San Pietro Apostolo indicates that it was founded by peasants who fled from Motta Santa Lucia after the earthquake of 1638. Moving to the interior, they asked asylum of Prince Cigala of Tiriolo, who allowed them to settle in the area which is today known as "Colla Pagliara", in exchange for the payment of a modest head tax. They subsequently moved to a lower area which was more sheltered from the wind. It is said that a small statue of the apostle St. Peter was erected in these regions, and that the village was named accordingly. San Pietro Apostolo was administered by its neighbor Tiriolo until the end of the 18th century when it obtained its autonomy under law No. 14 of 19 January 1807. It was elevated to the status of a comune with the name of 'San Pietro a Tiriolo' and placed under the jurisdiction of what was then called Calabria Ulteriore, which consisted of the current provinces of Catanzaro, Crotone, Reggio Calabria and Vibo Valentia. On 4 May 1811 the comune was given the name of San Pietro Apostolo, attesting its separation from Tiriolo which remained, however, the administrative seat. Law No. 360 of 1 May 1816 transferred the village of San Pietro Apostolo with its 1992 inhabitants from the administration of Tiriolo to that of Gimigliano, and from the province of Calabria Ultra to the new province of Calabria Ultra Seconda (Catanzaro).
The most famous episode in the history of San Pietro Apostolo is the stopover of Giuseppe Garibaldi on the night of 28 August 1860. The leader of the Expedition of the Thousand, coming from Maida, was a most welcome guest of the Garibaldi supporter Anselmo Tomaini (already condemned to death by the Bourbons for having been one of the supporters of the movements of Maida and Filadelfia) where, with his closest collaborators, he took note of the situation and planned the forthcoming operations that would have opened the roads to Naples; on the same night Francisco Stocco, with only a few men, induced the surrender of 10,000 men commanded by General Ghio and encamped at Soveria Mannelli, by cleverly having ignited numerous fires placed very visibly on the surrounding heights. Garibaldi's visit is commemorated by two tablets placed on walls of the Tomaini Palace in 1887 and 1961. There are two noble houses in the historical center of San Pietro: the mentioned Tomaini Palace and the Mazza Palace. These were repeatedly targeted by bandits and still preserve their defense systems, among which are two holes through which hot oil was cast out onto attackers who tried to break down the doors.
In the course of the 17th century, an important role was played in the economy of San Pietro by the harvesting and processing of gorse (it. 'ginestra'), a fibrous plant that was softened in the Amato river below the village. This provided a fiber which was used by local spinners for the production of cloth. Silkworm breeding was also very common - the worms were fed on white mulberry leaves which were present in the area. The silk thus produced was almost all locally processed and for the most part marketed in Catanzaro, Nicastro and also in the neighboring town of Serrastretta.
In the early 1920s, the village was divided into several wards: "Fundacu" (on the national road); "Vrugale" (from the national road to Calvary Hill; "Valla" (from Calvary Hill to the school building); "Savuci" (Independence street); "Timpariellu" (from the school building to the Mazza butcher shop); "Piazzetta" (the area around Santino Mazza's store); "Cerasiellu" (named for a local bend in the road); "Magazinu" (Marconi Square), "Chianu e Mazza" (the Mazza palace); "Granduani" (Venezia street); "Un Zeta" (the tract from the upper fountain to Piazza Roma); "Chiazza" (Piazza Roma); and "Mulijiti" (today's Gramsci Street).
Traditions and folklore.
The comune is noted for the celebration of Holy Week. Particularly notable is the traditional "Pigliata" or "Pigghiata", the sacred play representing the passion and death of Jesus Christ, written in prose in 1880 by an anonymous citizen of S. Pietro and produced for the first time on 18 February of the same year. It consists of 5 acts and 52 scenes, lasts about 8 hours and is performed in the small plaza in front of the Church. 
The feast of San Pietro is celebrated on 29 June. The feast of Madonna di Carmelo begins on 14 July and lasts for three days, and that of Madonna della Lettera is celebrated on the last Sunday of September, during which the final torch procession has particular significance.

</doc>
<doc id="5974261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974261" title="Panthera palaeosinensis">
Panthera palaeosinensis

Panthera palaeosinensis was an early Pleistocene species from northern China. It is often incorrectly referenced as the ancestral tiger, "Panthera tigris", although it shares features with all living large cats. Recent thought places it close to the ancestry of the genus "Panthera". 
It was first described in 1924 as "Felis paneosinensis" by Otto Zdansky in his work "Jungtertiäre Carnivoren Chinas". Its exact date is not secured, though most likely two to three million years old. "Panthera paleosinensis"'s skull has an A-P length of and a mandibular length of and the living creature would have appeared like a jaguar, stout and strong. The conical upper canines were not present in the fossil, but the lower canines bear the vertical grooves typical of "Panthera". 

</doc>
<doc id="5974262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974262" title="Zakaria Alaoui">
Zakaria Alaoui

Zakaria Alaoui El-Achraf () (born 17 June 1966 in Marrakesh) is a retired Moroccan football goalkeeper.
He spent most of his career with Kawkab Marrakech, playing for the club between 1983 and 1997. Between 1998 and 2000, he played for French clubs Tours FC, SO Châtellerault and Paris FC, before finishing his career. Between 2005 and 2007, he was the goalkeeping coach for French club Troyes.
He played for the Moroccan national team in the first half of the 1990s and also made two appearances at the 1994 FIFA World Cup finals in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5974263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974263" title="San Pietro a Maida">
San Pietro a Maida

San Pietro a Maida is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. 
Geography.
The town is bordered by Curinga, Jacurso, Lamezia Terme and Maida.

</doc>
<doc id="5974265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974265" title="San Sostene">
San Sostene

San Sostene is a village and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. It is one of the smallest "comuni" in the province. 
Geography.
The town is bordered by Badolato, Brognaturo, Cardinale, Davoli, Isca sullo Ionio, Sant'Andrea Apostolo dello Ionio and Satriano.
History.
San Sostene was found through a housing estate on the beach between Pacile and Portonuovo. In the 
middle of the 15th century it was relocated in the actual area.
First it was under rule of different families like Pignatelli, Borgia di Squillace and Revaschieri.
After the earthquake of 1783 the comune was damaged seriously. Six Years later there was an earthquake again in which the today's church was destroyed and then rebuilt. 
The 4th May 1811 it became an independent comune. In 1917 there was built a churchyard, because there wasn't any place to bury them. In former times they were buried in the catacombs of the church.
Economy.
The main site-related factors are:

</doc>
<doc id="5974268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974268" title="San Vito sullo Ionio">
San Vito sullo Ionio

San Vito sullo lonio is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
The patron saint of San Vito is St.Vitus.Legend has it that St.Vitus himself, protected the town from a flood. The town's economy relies 
heavily on agriculture and tourism. This town was the birthplace, in 1893 of the Newburgh, NY restauranteur Antonio Lentini, who arrived in America from Bovalino on the SS San Giovanni out of Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="5974270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974270" title="Sant'Andrea Apostolo dello Ionio">
Sant'Andrea Apostolo dello Ionio

Sant'Andrea Apostolo dello lonio is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy. 

</doc>
<doc id="5974272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974272" title="Puffleg">
Puffleg

"Not to be confused with the Club Penguin Puffles."
The pufflegs are hummingbirds from the genera "Eriocnemis" and "Haplophaedia". They occur in humid forest, woodland and shrub at altitudes of 1000 to 4800 m. asl in the Andes of Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia, and Venezuela. The males have a colorful green, coppery or blue plumage, and the females are generally somewhat duller. The most striking feature of both sexes is their dense snow-white leg puffs which consist of feather tufts that resemble woolly panties. One species - the Black-thighed Puffleg - is characterized by black coloured leg puffs, and another - the Buff-thighed Puffleg - has lightly buff-tinged leg puffs. Further common features of all species are the straight black bill and the slightly to deeply forked tail. The members of the genus "Haplophaedia" are generally duller than the members of "Eriocnemis".
While most pufflegs remain fairly common, three species (Colorful Puffleg, Black-breasted Puffleg and Gorgeted Puffleg) are critically endangered and one (the Turquoise-throated Puffleg) is possibly extinct.
Puffleg species.
In addition there were the controversial species: "Eriocnemis söderströmi", "E. isaacsoni" and "E. dyselius" which were each only known by one specimen. In the case of "E. söderströmi" it could have been either the female of "E. godini" or a hybrid between "E. luciani" and "E. nigrivestris". "E. dyselius" was nothing more than a melanistic individual of "E. cupreoventris". Today these species are considered invalid.

</doc>
<doc id="5974273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974273" title="Santa Caterina dello Ionio">
Santa Caterina dello Ionio

Santa Caterina dello lonio is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. 
Geography.
The town is bordered by Badolato, Brognaturo and Guardavalle.

</doc>
<doc id="5974274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974274" title="Satriano">
Satriano

Satriano is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Geography.
The town is bordered by Cardinale, Davoli, Gagliato, Petrizzi, San Sostene and Soverato.

</doc>
<doc id="5974275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974275" title="Sellia, Calabria">
Sellia, Calabria

Sellia () is a village and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy. 
Geography.
The village is bordered by Albi, Catanzaro, Magisano, Pentone, Simeri Crichi, Soveria Simeri and Zagarise.

</doc>
<doc id="5974277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974277" title="Sellia Marina">
Sellia Marina

Sellia Marina is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Geography.
Sellia Marina houses the master station of the LORAN-C transmitters in the Mediterranean, for low frequency radio navigation.

</doc>
<doc id="5974280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974280" title="Serrastretta">
Serrastretta

Serrastretta is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Serrastretta is noted for the production of furniture, kitchens, door-frames, casings and furnishings of every kind. Above all are the famous woven-straw chairs, for which Serrastretta is considered to be one of the main Calabrese producers. The chair makers continue to construct chairs as in the past - a frame made of wood, to which the women expertly apply the woven straw seats with a special bush "vuda", coming from the plants in the marshlands.
Serrastretta is also famous for the porcini mushrooms found in its forests, particularly in areas where chestnut trees grow. There is also a museum devoted to the famous singer Dalida, whose parents originally came from Serrastretta.
Geography.
The town is bordered by Amato, Decollatura, Feroleto Antico, Lamezia Terme, Miglierina, Pianopoli, Platania and San Pietro Apostolo.

</doc>
<doc id="5974282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974282" title="Settingiano">
Settingiano

Settingiano is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. 
Geography.
The town is bordered by Caraffa di Catanzaro, Catanzaro, Marcellinara and Tiriolo.

</doc>
<doc id="5974283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974283" title="Simeri Crichi">
Simeri Crichi

Simeri Crichi () is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. 
Geography.
The town is bordered by Catanzaro, Sellia, Sellia Marina and Soveria Simeri.

</doc>
<doc id="5974284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974284" title="Sorbo San Basile">
Sorbo San Basile

Sorbo San Basile is a village and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. Three villages with the name Sorbo are Sorbo-Ocagnano on the island of Corsica, Sorbo Serpico in the region of Campania, and Sorbo San Basile in the region of Calabria. The word "sorbo" in Italian means "the service tree or the sorb-apple tree" of which there are many orchards in the vicinity. The words "San Basile" refer to the Greek Saint Basil the Great because Basilian monks established a monastery in the area as early as 640. Some time after the canonization of Francis Xavier in 1622, that Spanish saint became the patron of the village. The population in 1861 was 1228 people, in 1901 held steady at 1224 people, in 1951 reached a high of 2118 people, but in 2001 sank to a low of 932 people (information from the Istituto Nazionale di Statistica).
Geography.
The town is bordered by Bianchi (CS), Carlopoli, Cicala, Colosimi, Fossato Serralta, Gimigliano, Panettieri, Taverna (CZ).

</doc>
<doc id="5974285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974285" title="Beggen">
Beggen

Beggen is a quarter in northern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg. Château de Beggen, which houses the Embassy of Russia in Luxembourg is located in the quarter.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 2,297 people. Beggen is home to FC Avenir Beggen, an historically successful football club that has struggled in the last years and now plays at level 3 in the Luxembourg football league.

</doc>
<doc id="5974289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974289" title="Soverato">
Soverato

Soverato is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Southern Italy. 
Geography.
Soverato sits on the Ionian Sea, in the Gulf of Squillace. Nearby there is a string of villages along the white beaches of the gulf like Montepaone, Davoli and Isca Marina.
The Giardino Botanico Santicelli botanic gardens were built on a former waste site in 1980. The town is bordered by Montepaone, Petrizzi and Satriano. Soverato can be reached via the Lamezia Terme International Airport within a 35 to 40 minute drive.
Notes and references.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5974290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974290" title="Rachid Daoudi">
Rachid Daoudi

Rachid Daoudi () (born 21 February 1966 in Fes) is a retired Moroccan football player. 
He played for several clubs, including Wydad Casablanca, Spanish 2nd Division Xerez CD, AlWasl Club and Al Ain FC in the United Arab Emirates.
He played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
He was especially famous for his fabulous free kicks. He scored lots of great free kicks from very far.

</doc>
<doc id="5974291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974291" title="Soveria Mannelli">
Soveria Mannelli

Soveria Mannelli is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Geography.
The town is bordered by Bianchi (CS), Carlopoli, Colosimi, Decollatura, Gimigliano, Pedivigliano.
History.
On 30 August 1860, a Sicilian army under General Ghio was disbanded in Soveria Mannelli. This was an important event in the Expedition of the Thousand, which allowed Giuseppe Garibaldi to capture Naples eight days later.

</doc>
<doc id="5974292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974292" title="A.S.D. SolbiaSommese Calcio">
A.S.D. SolbiaSommese Calcio

A.S.D. SolbiaSommese Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Somma Lombardo and also representing the town of Solbiate Arno (Province of Varese), Lombardy. It currently plays in Eccellenza Lombardy/A.
History.
Foundation.
The club was founded in 2012 after the merger of A.S. Solbiatese Arno Calcio and S.S. Sommese 1920.
Before the merger.
Solbiatese Arno Calcio.
The team was founded in 1911 as A.S. Solbiatese Calcio in Solbiate Arno and spent several seasons in Serie C and Serie C2. It was refounded as Solbiatese Arno Calcio in 2000, taking "Solbiatese Arno Calcio", by merging with A.S. Arno Calcio (founded 1980 in the same town).
During the seasons 2007-10, their top scorer has been Massimo 'Max' Marsich. 
In the 2010-11 season, the club was relegated from Serie D group B to Eccellenza Lombardy. In the next season it was again relegated to Promozione Lombardy
S.S. Sommese 1920.
The team was founded in 1920 in Somma Lombardo.
In the 2011-12 it was ranked 2nd in Eccellenza Lombardy/A and was defeated by Real Vicenza in the final playoffs.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are black and blue.

</doc>
<doc id="5974294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974294" title="Soveria Simeri">
Soveria Simeri

Soveria Simeri is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Soveria Simeri is a town of 1,626 inhabitants in the province of Catanzaro. 
The village is 16 km from Catanzaro, 12 from the Ionian coast and 20 from the Sila. Due to its central location is chosen as a destination for many tourists, including foreigners. The economy is predominantly agricultural with a good development of the primary sector. Well-known are the productions of citrus fruits, olive oil, honey, meats, dairy products, and organic products. The craftsmanship is the pride of the country, with its three laboratories blown glass, in which we produce the products exported abroad, and two wrought iron. The village offers many leisure activities for your leisure time with feasts, festivals and theatrical and cultural events and the possibility of sports facilities at present.
History.
Some believe that the original name of Soveria Simeri was to Trischene because it included three zones: Simeri Soveria and Crichi . Following a strong earthquake sank some parts and the whole area was divided into three sections, on which are located the countries present . It should have a very remote origin that dates back to the Magna Grecia .
Later, in the Middle Ages, enjoyed some importance, and, as the story goes, Simeri, the original nucleus, was the seat of a duchy . It is found in fact ancient archaeological finds such as the castle, the ruins of which still remain today and the cathedral almost completely ruined ; in the surrounding countryside were also found coins and amphorae of the Greek period .
According to some accounts, reported by some of the elders, a gallery Soveria joined with the original section of Simeri . News taken from two Chronicles, reported that three sisters of Priam ( Etilla, Astioche and Medesicaste ), survived the ruins of Troy, landed to Uriah, near Sellia Marina and they built three tents ( Treis SCHENE ) . Distant origins, but certainly Greek, proven by the discovery of skeletons and objects placed beside them, on the obverse of coins with two or three tabernacles on the reverse and the Minotaur. Here begins the story of Trischene, large and thriving town located between the current Crotone and Squillace.
It was first under the rule of the city of Pythagoras while later, after the great Roman expansion, to escape the threat of Bruzi and the Carthaginians, was placed under the protectorate of Rome, until it becomes a colony, but never rise to the rank of " municipium " .
At the fall of the Western Roman Empire, the Arab invasions and sarecene that in the whole southern Calabria, urged the people to take refuge in the hinterland, in camps and small villages perched in the mountains, also affected Trischene which was destroyed in the tenth century . Following this part of the population was forced to take refuge on the mountain Panormite ( Old Tavern ) and the other party chose Mount Selion ( Sellia Superior ), but nothing prevents us from thinking that even a small core of people chose the current territory Soveria giving rise to Casal Suveria .
From the sixteenth century to the present
In 1541 the territory of Soveria Simeri was owned by the Duke Ignatius finger belonging to the Duchy of Simeri . At his death, his possessions were abandoned for a few years ( since he had no heirs ), until they became a possession of the farmers and peasants who had been in the service of the Duke . It seems that the village was founded in the late sixteenth century by some members of the families and the Great Gareri . The first part of the name, Soveria has fitonimica origin and may arise from rowan or Calabrian suveru, " cork " . The second, however, was almost certainly originated from the river which flows Simeri the area. He was initially the name of Casal Soveria because of a dense forest of cork trees which occupied the territory.
Subsequently, the center was joined to the land of Simeri . How Simeri house, belonged to Borgia until 1622 . Nuclei The first habitable arose in the place of a church dedicated to St. Nicholas that currently is found at the beginning of the country. After the Borgias, the land passed to Ravaschieri principles of Satriano . Francis, lord of the house, gave it to his wife Agatha Pallavicini and ordered that from that time the country took this name ( it was called, in fact, Pallavicini until 1806 ) . In 1664, by decision of its Parliament, Pallavicini was aggregated to the land of Simeri with the privilege of exemption from certain countries and the payment of two hundred ducats. The house was then Simeri of De Fiore, of Barreta and Gonzaga de Nobili who remained there until 1806, the year of subversion of feudalism. Under the government of Belcastro, with the title of university, it was also referred to by the name of Soveria of Catanzaro.
In 1811, following the administrative reorganization, was put in charge of the district includes the municipalities of Simeri, Sellia and Zagarise . In 1956 part of its territory, including its outlet to the sea, was assigned to the setting up of common Sellia Marina .

</doc>
<doc id="5974299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974299" title="Stalettì">
Stalettì

Stalettì is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. 
Geography.
The town is bordered by Montauro and Squillace.
Notes and references.
"Guida storico-turistica di Stalettì" by Rosario Casalenuovo (Archeoclub d'Italia, Rome 1996)

</doc>
<doc id="5974309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974309" title="Gare, Luxembourg">
Gare, Luxembourg

Gare () is a quarter in central Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg. It is named after Luxembourg railway station ().
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 7,764 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5974310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974310" title="Taverna, Calabria">
Taverna, Calabria

Taverna is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy. It is located at the feet of the Sila mountain range.
Notable People.
<BR>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5974314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974314" title="Tiriolo">
Tiriolo

Tiriolo is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. It was the birthplace of Renaissance painter Marco Cardisco.
Geography.
The town is bordered by Catanzaro, Gimigliano, Marcellinara, Miglierina, San Pietro Apostolo and Settingiano.

</doc>
<doc id="5974317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974317" title="Torre di Ruggiero">
Torre di Ruggiero

Torre di Ruggiero is a village and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Geography.
The village is bordered by Capistrano, Cardinale, Chiaravalle Centrale, San Nicola da Crissa, Simbario and Vallelonga.

</doc>
<doc id="5974323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974323" title="Arthur DeBoer">
Arthur DeBoer

Arthur DeBoer M.D, FACS, was an American cardiologist and Professor Emeritus specializing in cardiac surgery at Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine.
He was born to John and Lucy DeBoer in Gallatin County, Montana on July 2, 1917 and died on July 31, 2007 at the age of 90.
DeBoer is one of the pioneer cardiac surgeons in Chicago and was on staff at Wesley Memorial Hospital (later called Northwestern University Hospital). DeBoer was the hospital's first chief of cardiothoracic surgery, and performed the first open heart operation at Wesley Memorial Hospital in 1958. He was also a pioneer in research on congenital heart defects.
The cardiovascular programs at Wesley and Passavant Hospitals were integrated in 1970 with the merger of the two institutions.
DeBoer was a member of Peripheral Vascular Surgery Society and the International Society for Vascular Specialists.
Dr. DeBoer is a graduate of Montana Normal School (now University of Montana Western) earning his B.E. Degree in 1938. He earned a B.S. Degree from University of Montana while teaching school.
He graduated from Northwestern University Medical School in 1946 and after serving his internship at Wesley Hospital he served in the U.S. Army Medical Corps in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="5974326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974326" title="Muhlenbach, Luxembourg">
Muhlenbach, Luxembourg

Mühlenbach (, ) is a quarter in north-western Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.
In 2001, the quarter had a population of 1,166 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5974329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974329" title="Tak Fa District">
Tak Fa District

Tak Fa () is a district ("amphoe") in southeastern part of Nakhon Sawan Province.
History.
When Thai government built the Phahonyothin highway, the district was formed by territory taken from Takhli district. It became a district on October 13, 1970.
Geography.
Neighboring district are (from the southwest clockwise) Takhli, Phayuha Khiri, Tha Tako and Phaisali of Nakhon Sawan Province, and Nong Muang of Lopburi Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 7 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 77 villages ("muban"). The township ("thesaban tambon") of Tak Fa covers parts of the "tambon" Tak Fa and Suk Samran. There are further 7 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="5974333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974333" title="Carolina Herrera">
Carolina Herrera

Carolina Herrera is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="5974339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974339" title="List of K. J. Yesudas concerts">
List of K. J. Yesudas concerts

K. J. Yesudas (), is a multilingual singer who sings in Sanskrit, Malayalam, Tamil, Kannada, Telugu, Tulu, Oriya, Marathi, Hindi, Gujarati, Panjabi, Bengali, Arabic, Latin, Russian and English languages, born January 10, 1940 in India. He mainly Concentrates on Indian Classical Music and also a notable Playback singer in Indian film Industry.
At Udupi in early 2002.
Gaana Gandharva Padmabhooshana Dr. K. J. Yesudas performed in the presence of His Holiness Sri Sri Sri Vishveshatheertha Swamiji of Pejavara Sri Krishna Math, Udupi in early 2002. Prov. V. Praveen on Mridangam, Mahadeva Sharma on Violin and T. Radhakrishna on Ghatam accompany him. He sang several Kannada compositions of Purandaradasa - The saint-poet who is revered as the father of Carnatic Music.
The major keerthans are Gajavadana beduve, Jagadoddharana, Tirupati Venkataramana, Kotta bhagyave saako, Nalidaade enna naalige mele, Srinivasa ennabittu, Guruvina gulama and Krishna Nee Begane Baaro.
Sagar Music, based in Bangalore, has released three albums compiled from this live concert are Krishna Nee Begane Baaro, Kalyani, which features a ragam-tanam-pallavi in that raga, and Swagatham Krishna, which features bhajans and shlokas.
At Saginaw Valley State University in July 2009.
The Concert was to celebrate the achievements of the Mid Michigan Physicians of Indian Origin (MMAPI) and Indian Association of East Central Michigan (IAECM).
The music concert started at 7:30 pm. Hundreds of people watched the program.
At Girinagar Park in March 2006.
The Concert was to celebrate the 75th birthday of H. H. Swamijee of Pejawar Mutt.
The music concert started at 9&nbps;pm. Thousands of people watched the program. He started the concert with a Devaranama, Gurivina Gulamanaguva Thanaka Doreyadanna Mukuthi of Purandara Dasaru, which gave a bright start to the concert. The joy of the crowd further enhanced when he chose another Haridasa pada on Udupi Sri Krishna, which stood out for his delicate vocalism. He opted Shankarabharana for a detailed airing. 
The facile manner in which he scaled the Taara Panchama highlighted the delineation, aesthetic twists and graceful birkas, bringing out the evocative imagery of the melody. Yesudas rose to the occasion and rendered a number of devotionals with feeling.
Jyothi 2020, Lombard, IL on August 28, 2004.
"Jyothi 2020", a light music concert by Padmabushan K. J. Yesudas, was one of the highlights of the Chicago's Indian cultural scene conducted by Sankara Eye Foundation and Chicago Tamil Sangam on Saturday, August 28, 2004.
Gaanagandharva was accompanied by local talents Sindhu and Anitha for the female voices and a host of Instrumentalists who came from different corners of the US. He started the program in the traditional Indian style with a prayer to Ganesha (Maha Ganapathim from the movie Sindhu Bhairavi). Soon to follow were his masterpieces like "Adhisaya Raagam" and "Vizhiye Kadhai Ezhuthu". Especially the latter one was very appropriate for the occasion with the lines Deepam Eriginradhu!!! "Jyothi Theriginradhu" that means "The lamp is burning"!!! "The vision is alive"!!! .
To satisfy both the Tamil and the Malayalam speaking audience, he interspersed Tamil and Malayalam.
Music For Peace in Paris in November, 1999.
"Music for Peace", a concert to mark the dawn of the new millennium On November 14, 1999, at Paris.
The synergy created by Yesudas and Junoon, aimed at peace, was an inspiration to all those present, which included renowned artists like Lionel Richie, Ray Charles, Montserrat Caballé, and Zubin Mehta conducting the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra. The famous actors Gregory Peck, Sydney Tamiia Poitier, and Peter Ustinov were the masters of ceremony. Dignitaries from around the world, including the heads of the European Union and the ambassadors from 170 countries attended this global event.
He performed the title song of the album Ahimsa which has collection of truly multilingual with English, Latin, and Sanskrit. And was bestowed with the Music For Peace Award.
Tharangam Music Festival 2002.
Tharangam Music Festival 2002, Pujyasri Narayana Tirtha's 327th Jayanthi was celebrated for three days at the Narada Gana Sabha. On the penultimate day of the festival at the end of his concert K. J. Yesudas was conferred the title, "Bhakti Sangita Geetha Sironmani" jointly by the Thirupoonthuruthy Sri Narayana Tirtha wamigal Trust, Narada Gana Sabha Trust and Saraswathi Vaggeyakara Trust. 
Yesudas might have made some changes in the ragas also for the tharangams. Keerthanas in the programme was "Jaya Jaya Swamin", "Krishna Krishna Krupasamudra", "Govardhanagiridara", "Saranam Bhava Karunamayi", "Gurudeena Dayalo", "Jaya Jaya Ramanatha", "Govindaghataya", "Pahi Pahi Jaganmohana Krishna", "Paramananda Sri Krishna" and "Mangalani Thanothu Madhusudhana". 
Delhi P. Sundarrajan (violin), Vellore Ramabhadran (mridangam) and Vaikom Gopalakrishnan (ghatam) played their roles perfectly.
Sruti 2005-2006, Philadelphia.
Sruti, The India Music and Dance Society will present Masters in Carnatic Music,
a performance series involving outstanding musicians of India. Vocal concert by K.J.
Yesudas presents compositions by Purandaradasa, Annamacharya, Thyagaraja, Dikshitar and Syama Sastri, along with improvisations in the raga and tala aspects of Carnatic music.
The Yesudas's Gurusmarana Tour 2005 (USA).
Gurusmarana 2005 Carnatic Music Concert by Dr. K. J. Yesudas in various cities dedicated to his teacher Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar.
It included A Classical & Semi Classical Concert in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Sanskrit and Malayalam languages. 
Major Venues are
The RPI campus at West Hall in Troy NY, Houston, and Taft High School at 6545, West Hurlbut Avenue Chicago IL.
Classical Music Concert, MIT, Cambridge.
It was a Classical Music Concert presented by Asha for Education Boston on Sunday, May 14, 2000, 5 pm at Kresge Auditorium, MIT, Cambridge. Asha for Education is a secular organization dedicated to change in India by focusing on basic education in the belief that education is a critical requisite for socio-economic change.
The Sydney Opera House, 2006.
Symphony Entertainers presented Concert with Dr. K. J. Yesudas, Ms Sujatha Mohan, Vijay Yeusdas and Mahathi on 1 October at Concert Hall.
Concert at Flushing, New York in 1998.
Concert was conducted for helping the disabled children and the poor. This was a special event at the Hindu Temple in Flushing on November 14, 1998. The President of the organization told India in New York that a record fund was collected in a three-hour concert.
Concert at Cologne, Europe Tour in 2003.
Yesudas given a special live concert in Cologne, Germany during his Europe tour 2003.
The German-Indian culture club in Cologne organised this event, Concert by Yesudas on the 15th November 2003, 6 PM. The concert took place in the Schulzentrum Ostheim, Hardgenbuscher Kirchweg 100 in Köln-Ostheim.
Classical and Devotional Concert, Singapore in 2005.
Both Classical and devotional were included in the concert by Yesudas, Sun, Mar 20 at 7:00 p.m at Victoria Concert Hall, Empress Place. and the Program organised by Arulmigu Velmurugan Gnanamuneeswarar Temple presented the In aid of development of Pre-School at the temple in Sengkang.
K. J. Yesudas Mega light concert in Seattle, Washington 2009.
Yesudas was to perform a special live concert on June 20, 2009. It was to be sponsored by the HTCC phase II fundraiser program. The concert was to be held on June 20, 2009 [7:00 pm] at Kane Hall in University of Washington. A mix of Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam and Hindi songs was to be performed by Yesudas. He was also to sing with one of the rising singing stars in America, Sabita Yesudas.

</doc>
<doc id="5974342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974342" title="Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories">
Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories

"Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories" is a collection of short stories by Bram Stoker, first published in 1914, two years after Stoker's death.
Dracula's Guest.
Origin.
It is widely believed that "Dracula's Guest" is actually the deleted first chapter from the original "Dracula" manuscript, which the publisher felt was superfluous to the story. However, some scholars, including Elizabeth Miller, disagree. In the preface to the original edition of "Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories", Stoker's widow Florence wrote, "To his original list of stories in this book, I have added an hitherto unpublished episode from "Dracula". It was originally excised owing to the length of the book, and may prove of interest to the many readers of what is considered my husband's most remarkable work."
Leslie S. Klinger, who had access to Stoker's original "Dracula" manuscript while researching his 2008 book "The New Annotated Dracula", saw evidence of "Dracula's Guest" having been deleted from the manuscript, such as a deleted sentence of Harker commenting that his throat is "still sore from the licking of the gray wolf's file-like tongue" and the first and second chapters of the finished novel being labeled in the manuscript as "ii" and "iii". Klinger ultimately concludes the following:
Plot summary.
"Dracula's Guest" follows an Englishman (whose name is never mentioned but is presumed to be Jonathan Harker) on a visit to Munich before leaving for Transylvania. It is Walpurgis Night, and in spite of the hotelier's warning to not be late back, the young man later leaves his carriage and wanders toward the direction of an abandoned "unholy" village. As the carriage departs with the frightened and superstitious driver, a tall and thin stranger scares the horses at the crest of a hill.
Upon reaching a desolate valley after a few hours, it begins to snow and as a dark storm gathers intensity, the Englishman takes shelter in a grove of cypress and yew trees. The Englishman's location is soon illuminated by moonlight to be a cemetery, and he finds himself before a marble tomb with a large iron stake driven through the roof, the inscription reads: Countess Dolingen of Gratz / in Styria / sought and found death / 1801. Inscribed on the back of the tomb "graven in great Russian letters" is: The dead travel fast.
The Englishman is disturbed to be in such a place on such a night and as the storm breaks anew, he is forced by hail to shelter in the doorway of the tomb.
As the Englishman avoids the pelting hail, the bronze door of the tomb opens under his weight and a flash of forked lightning shows the interior - and a "beautiful woman with rounded cheeks and red lips, seemingly sleeping on a bier". The force of the following thunder peal throws the Englishman from the doorway (experienced as "being grasped as by the hand of a giant") as another lightning bolt strikes the iron spike, destroying the tomb and the now screaming woman inside.
The Englishman's troubles are not quite over, as he painfully regains his senses from the ordeal, he is repulsed by a feeling of loathing which he connects to a warm feeling in his chest and a licking at this throat. The Englishman summons courage to peek through his eyelashes and discovers a gigantic wolf with flaming eyes is attending him.
Military horsemen are the next to wake the semi-conscious man, chasing the wolf away with torches and guns. Some horsemen return to the main party and Harker after the chase, reporting that they had not found 'him' and that the Englishman's animal is: "A wolf - and yet not a wolf".
They also note that blood is on the ruined tomb, yet the Englishman's neck is unbloodied. "See comrades, the wolf has been lying on him and keeping his blood warm". Later, the Englishman finds his neck pained when a horseman comments on it.
When the Englishman is taken back to his hotel by the men, he is informed that it is none other than his expectant host Dracula that has alerted his employees, the horsemen, of "dangers from snow and wolves and night" in a telegram received by the hotel in the time the Englishman was away.
Burial of the Rats.
"The Burial of the Rats" was adapted in 1995 as a movie by Roger Corman's film company and as a comic book by Jerry Prosser and Francisco Solano Lopez.

</doc>
<doc id="5974346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974346" title="Eriocnemis">
Eriocnemis

Eriocnemis is a genus of hummingbirds, which - together with the species in the genus "Haplophaedia" - are known as pufflegs. They occur in humid forest, woodland and shrub at altitudes of 1000 to 4800 m. asl in the Andes of Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia, and Venezuela. The males have a colourful green, coppery or blue plumage, and the females are generally somewhat duller. The most striking feature of both sexes in the genus "Eriocnemis" are their dense snow-white leg-puffs which consist of feather tufts that resemble woolly panties. One species - the Black-thighed Puffleg - is characterized by black coloured leg-puffs. Most have a contrasting blue, purple or coppery-red vent, but this is green in the Black-thighed and Emerald-bellied Puffleg. Further common features of all species are the straight black bill and the slightly to deeply forked tail. The genus name was coined by the German naturalist Ludwig Reichenbach who called them "Snowy panties".
While most members of this genus remain fairly common, three species (Colourful Puffleg, Black-breasted Puffleg and Gorgeted Puffleg) are critically endangered and one (the Turquoise-throated Puffleg) is possibly extinct.
Species.
In addition there were the controversial species: "Eriocnemis söderströmi", "E. isaacsoni" and "E. dyselius" which were each only known by one specimen. In the case of "E. söderströmi" it could have been either the female of "E. godini" or a hybrid between "E. luciani" and "E. nigrivestris". "E. dyselius" was nothing more than a melanistic individual of "E. cupreoventris". Today these species are considered invalid.

</doc>
<doc id="5974348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974348" title="Kolonia Ostrowicka">
Kolonia Ostrowicka

Kolonia Ostrowicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gniew, south of Tczew, and south of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see "History of Pomerania".
In 2006 the village had a population of 610. The sołectwo has an area of .
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5974351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974351" title="Johannes Sløk">
Johannes Sløk

Johannes Sløk (April 27, 1916 – June 30, 2001) was a Danish philosopher, professor at the University of Aarhus and founder of "Idéhistorie" ("History of Ideas"), an interdisciplinary discipline mainly about writings pertaining to the ideas of Western culture since Antiquity. The concept is now the "Institute of Philosophy and History of Ideas" a department under the faculty of humanities of Aarhus university. During the student rising of 1968, Sløk was forced to leave his position as professor at Idéhistorie, and the institute became oriented around Marxist theory. Sløk instead was granted a special position at the Department of Theology, as professor of analytic theology. Sløk was one of the four Aarhus theologians and wrote a series of books on religion and its meaning to the modern man. 

</doc>
<doc id="5974361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974361" title="The Jody Brown Indian Family">
The Jody Brown Indian Family

The Jody Brown Indian Family (JBIF) was a professional Southern Gospel group from Robbinsville, NC. The family recorded on the Crossroads Recording Label.
Members.
The band was composed of Jody Brown who sang baritone, plays bass guitar and also served as the band's bus driver; Donna Brown who sang alto; Jeremy Brown who sang bass/baritone, played both the guitar and mandolin; Stephanie Brown who sang mezzo-soprano, plays mandolin and also writes most of the material for the group. Finishing out the group was Ashley Brown, who sang soprano for the group. Jeremy Brown currently works for the Cherokee Indian Tribe as an Audio/Video specialist.
Musical style.
The family was known for their Progressive Southern Gospel sound but also incorporated traditional southern gospel as well as some Bluegrass flavor to their concerts. Due to the fact that most of the group were tribal members of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, the group performed several songs in the Cherokee language in almost every concert.
Musical career.
The group had increased success in the Singing News charts in the mid-2000s. The group enjoyed success in 2003 with their hit song, "Where Is Your Faith?", which peaked at #22. The group's most successful single was released in 2003 entitled, "Life Is Good". The song peaked at #5 on the Singing News charts in the spring of 2004. This would later be the highest the group got in the charts. Later in 2004, the group released what most people believe to be their best album, "God Writes Our Story". In 2005, the group enjoyed 2 Top 10 songs, "Jump out of the Boat" and "Nothing's Too Hard for God", which both peaked at #10. These songs were from the album, "God Writes Our Story". In 2006, the group had their last Top 20 song, "God Is Great", a song that peaked at #15 from their "Come Ride with Me" cd. They continued singing until 2007 with hit songs like "It Still Excites Me" (#21), "Mad Mary" (#59), and "Come Ride with Me" (#80).
The JBIF also enjoyed a number of accolades during their decade in Southern Gospel Music. In September 2000 they were nominated for the Singing News Magazine Horizon Group Fan Award. In May 2004 they were given the honor of singing for the Klaudt Indian Family at Lee University for the Klaudt Indian Family scholarship presentation.
By 2007 however, the road life grew tiresome, and the family retired from the road, returning home to their comfortable family lives in the mountains of North Carolina. Stephanie Brown soon married Dale Scragg (a former member of Karen Peck & New River's band); and the couple has now made their home in Huntington, West Virginia. Jeremy and Ashley Brown continue to pursue a career in music, doing studio work and filling in with various Christian bands from time to time. Jody and Donna Brown continue to perform locally.

</doc>
<doc id="5974364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974364" title="Kaufman Independent School District">
Kaufman Independent School District

Kaufman Independent School District is a public school district based in Kaufman, Texas (USA).
In addition to Kaufman, the district serves the cities of Oak Ridge, Oak Grove, and Post Oak Bend.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5974369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974369" title="History of A.C. Voghera">
History of A.C. Voghera

The history of Associazione Calcio Voghera started in 1919, following the bankruptcies in 1959, basedd in Voghera, Lombardy. It played at Stadio Comunale, in Voghera, with 4,000 seats.
Foundation.
Associazione Vogherese Calcio was founded on 26 November 1919 at the "Trattoria Pistone".
After a dozen championships between second and first division, in 1930 Vogherese loses the playoff for promotion to Serie B in Piacenza for three goals to two.
In 1932, the Italian national team played a friendly in Voghera, winning by six to two.
In the late 30's until 1942 the Vogherese will be called "V.I.S.A. Voghera", only to return to "A.V.C. Vogherese" in championship 1942-43.
Between 1945 and 1948 was the peak for football in Voghera with three consecutive seasons in Serie B. Then the relegation to Serie C in the 50's, in 1959 the company is experiencing a severe financial crisis that leads to the cessation of sport.
Refoundation.
To continue the football tradition of A.C. Voghera, the "Associazione Ragazzi Cairoli", founded in 1948 took the place of Vogherese, recovering only in 1994 the name of the bankrupt company, competing in amateur championships Lombard until it return to Serie D.
At the end of the 1980-81 season it was promoted to the Serie C2 in which it remained until the 1987-88 season.
Demoted in Serie D, it would still play between this league and Serie C2: it was relegated from C2 at the end of the 1998-99 season.
In 2005 the team after finishing the season in third place, won the play offs, but this was not enough to get the repechage to Serie C2.
In the 2010-11 season Voghera gained access to the Serie D promotion play-off advancing through the group stage to the semifinals, where it was eliminated by Rimini.
Liquidation.
In summer 2013 the club wasn't able to enter 2013-14 Serie D and was so subsequently liquidated.
Colors and badge.
Its colors were red and black.

</doc>
<doc id="5974371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974371" title="Mabank Independent School District">
Mabank Independent School District

Mabank Independent School District is a public school district based in Mabank, Texas (USA).
In addition to Mabank, the district serves southeast Kaufman, southwest Van Zandt, and northwest Henderson counties, including the community of Gun Barrel City and parts of Seven Points.
In 2009, the school district was rated "exemplary" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5974379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974379" title="Louis Kronberg">
Louis Kronberg

Louis Kronberg (1872–1965) was an American figure painter, art dealer, advisor, and teacher. Among his best-known works are "Behind the Footlights" (Pennsylvania Academy, Philadelphia) and "The Pink Sash" (Metropolitan Museum, New York).
Biography.
Kronberg was born in Boston, and studied at the Boston Museum School, under Edmund C. Tarbell and Frank Weston Benson, where he earned a Longfellow Traveling Scholarship. Kronberg also studied at the Art Students' League, New York, and at the Académie Julian (1894–1896) under Jean-Paul Laurens and Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant, and privately with Raphaël Collin. In Paris, Kronberg became enamored with the works of Edgar Degas and proficiently painted ballet and Spanish dancers within theatre settings.
Establishing himself in Boston, Kronberg was appointed instructor in the portrait class of Boston's Copley Society of Art. Kronberg was vastly supported by Boston's great art matron Isabella Stewart Gardner, and hence his work is represented in the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, as well as in the museums of Boston and Indianapolis. After Bernard Berenson, Kronberg frequently went to Paris to buy art for the Gardner Museum. He lived in Boston until 1919, when he moved to New York. From 1921-1922 he painted in Algiers and Spain. Later, he lived in Palm Beach, and throughout his career he traveled back and forth to Paris.
Kronberg was an Associate of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1935). He was known for his philanthropic efforts and financed painter Arthur Clifton Goodwin's career for over fifteen years.
Art style.
Although Kronberg is considered a "Tarbellite" because he trained with Tarbell and Benson, he was highly influenced by the French Impressionists and especially the pastels and oils of ballerinas painted by Degas. His work shows the influence of his French training — his compositions are good and his colors soft and harmonious, yet with decided contrasts. His best work was executed prior to 1915 before he became nearsighted.

</doc>
<doc id="5974380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974380" title="Vallefiorita">
Vallefiorita

Vallefiorita is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Geography.
The town is bordered by Amaroni, Cenadi, Centrache, Cortale, Girifalco, Olivadi, Palermiti and Squillace.

</doc>
<doc id="5974382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974382" title="Sydney Irving">
Sydney Irving

Sydney Irving, Baron Irving of Dartford PC (1 July 1918 – 18 December 1989) was a British Labour Co-operative politician.
Irving was educated at Pendower School, Newcastle-upon-Tyne and the London School of Economics. He was a school teacher and lecturer and served as an alderman on Dartford Borough Council.
Irving was twice Member of Parliament for Dartford, originally elected in 1955. In Harold Wilson's Labour Government 1964-1970, he was the government's Deputy Chief Whip and Treasurer of the Household from 1964 to 1966, and served as a Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons from 1966 to 1970, when he lost his seat to the Conservatives. He was re-elected in 1974, but lost the seat again in 1979, to the Conservative Bob Dunn. Subsequently, on 10 July 1979, Irving was created a life peer as Baron Irving of Dartford, of Dartford in the County of Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="5974387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974387" title="MX-2900ZOOM">
MX-2900ZOOM

Made by Fujifilm, the MX-2900 was an early consumer level digital camera with a 2.3 megapixel CCD sensor and Optical resolution up to 1800 x 1200 pixels. As with all technology, the MX-2900 was surpassed by newer, faster and higher resolution digital cameras and is a now an obsolete model no longer in production.

</doc>
<doc id="5974393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974393" title="Tony Honoré">
Tony Honoré

Anthony Maurice (Tony) Honoré (born March 30, 1921) is a British lawyer and jurist, known for his work on ownership, causation and Roman law.
Honoré was born in London but was brought up in South Africa. He served in the army during the Second World War and was severely wounded in the Battle of Alamein. After the war he continued his studies at New College, Oxford, and he has lived and taught in Oxford for the last fifty-five years, including periods as a Fellow of The Queen's College and then of New College. Between 1971 and 1988 he was Regius Professor of Civil Law at Oxford and a Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford; though retired from his Chair, he teaches seminars in Jurisprudence for the BCL jointly with John Gardner.
Honoré was a close associate of H. L. A. Hart. They jointly wrote "Causation in the Law" (Oxford, 1st ed. 1959, 2nd 1985) in 1953-8 and Honoré had some influence on Hart's "The Concept of Law" (Oxford, 1st ed. 1961, 2nd 1994). A number of his philosophical papers are collected in "Making Law Bind" (Oxford, 1987) and "Responsibility and Fault" (Oxford, 1999) and his contributions to legal philosophy, which range widely, include sixteen books and more than a hundred articles published over the last six decades.
Honoré is an honorary Q.C. and Bencher of Lincoln's Inn, a member of the British and Bavarian Academies and of the International Academy of Comparative Law. In South Africa, where he made a contribution to the setting up of the new Constitutional Court in 1995, his standing has been recognised by the award of honorary degrees from the Universities of South Africa, Stellenbosch and Cape Town. He has delivered the Hamlyn lectures, the Blackstone and H. L. A. Hart lectures, the J. H. Gray lectures at Cambridge and the Maccabaean lecture in Jurisprudence at the British Academy. Three Festschriften have been published in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="5974394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974394" title="Zagarise">
Zagarise

Zagarise () is a village and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Geography.
The town is bordered by Albi, Magisano, Mesoraca, Petronà, Sellia, Sellia Marina, Sersale, Soveria Simeri and Taverna.

</doc>
<doc id="5974401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974401" title="Ban Phraek District">
Ban Phraek District

Ban Phraek (; ) is the northernmost district of Ayutthaya Province. 
History.
Tambon Phraek was separated from Maha Rat district to become a minor district ("King Amphoe") in 1937. It was upgraded to a full district on December 10, 1959.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Mueang Lopburi of Lopburi Province, Don Phut of Saraburi Province, Maha Rat of Ayutthaya Province, and Chaiyo of Ang Thong Province.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 27 villages ("muban"). Ban Phraek has township ("thesaban tambon") status and covers parts of "tambon" Ban Phraek and Sam Phaniang. There are 2 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="5974404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974404" title="Shimmy (disambiguation)">
Shimmy (disambiguation)

A shimmy is a dance move
Shimmy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5974411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974411" title="Avner Falk">
Avner Falk

Avner Falk (; born 1943) is an Israeli clinical psychologist and author. Falk has written psychoanalytic studies of Jewish and Israeli leaders, Jewish history, the Arab-Israeli conflict, antisemitism and Islamic terrorism.
Biography.
Avner Falk studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem (1960–1966) and at Washington University in St. Louis (1966–1970). He has published psychoanalytic biographies of Moshe Dayan, David Ben-Gurion, Theodor Herzl, Napoleon and Barack Obama. In 2005,his book "Fratricide in the Holy Land: A Psychoanalytic View of the Arab-Israeli Conflict" (2004) won the Outstanding Academic Title award from the American Library Association's "Choice" magazine. 
In July 2010 Dr. Falk was contacted by Dr. Hans-Joachim Lang, a Holocaust historian and journalist in the German university town of Tübingen, whose city government had just published the existence in its museum of a wooden Torah disc from Zgierz, the hometown of Falk's maternal family, which had been in its possession since 1994. It turned out that the disc was a relic from a Torah scroll that Falk's Polish-Jewish maternal grandfather, Jozef Cwi Szpiro (1880-1941), had donated to his Zgierz synagogue in 1927 in memory of his deceased parents, and that some time after 1939 came into the possession of Otto Michel (1903-1993), a well-known Tübingen university theologian, a former Nazi and SA member, who after the Second World War and the Holocaust became a Jewish Studies pioneer in Tübingen, and whose widow had given it to the city museum. Since then, Dr. Falk has been writing a psychohistorical book, which has also become a detective story, about when and how this relic of his grandfather's Torah scroll came into Michel's possession. Michel himself had said nothing about his Nazi past in his autobiography of 1989 and had apparently told no one about how he had come by the wooden Torah disc. In November 2011 Dr. Falk received this relic of his grandfather's Torah scroll from the mayor of Tübingen, Boris Palmer (born 1971), in a public ceremony in Tübingen's city hall, at which Falk delivered a German-language lecture on his findings entitled "Die Verneinung der Vergangenheit: Die Geschichte einer Thorarolle" ("The Denial of the Past: The Story of a Torah Scroll"). He continues his research for this book in the face of considerable resistance from some German archives.
Awards and critical acclaim.
1987 Resident Scholar, Rockefeller Foundation Study and Conference Center, Bellagio, Italy 
1997 Fellow of the International Napoleonic Society 
1999 Featured Scholar, Clio's Psyche
2006 Outstanding Academic Title award for Fratricide in the Holy Land from the American Library Association's Choice magazine
Published works.
1985 משה דיין: האיש והאגדה. ביוגרפיה פסיכואנליטית Dayan, the Man and the Myth: a Psychoanalytic Biography. Jerusalem: Cana. Tel Aviv: Maariv Library.
1987 דוד מלך ישראל: ביוגרפיה פסיכואנליטית של דוד בן-גוריון King of Israel: a Psychoanalytic Biography of David Ben-Gurion. Tel Aviv: Tammuz Publishing.
1993 "Herzl, King of the Jews: a Psychoanalytic Biography of Theodor Herzl". Lanham, Maryland: University Press of America
1996 "A Psychoanalytic History of the Jews." Madison, New Jersey: Fairleigh Dickinson University Press. Cranbury, New Jersey & London: Associated University Presses
2004 "Fratricide in the Holy Land: A Psychoanalytic View of the Arab-Israeli Conflict". Madison, Wisconsin: University of Wisconsin Press.
2007 "Napoleon Against Himself: A Psychobiography". Charlottesville, Virginia: Pitchstone Publishing. 
2008 "Antisemitism: A History and Psychoanalysis of Contemporary Hatred." Westport, Connecticut: Praeger.
2008 "Islamic Terror: Conscious and Unconscious Motives." Westport, Connecticut: Praeger.
2010 "Franks and Saracens: Reality and Fantasy in the Crusades." London: Karnac Books
2010 "The Riddle of Barack Obama: A Psychobiography." Westport, Connecticut: Praeger
Articles
1963 Buber and Gandhi. "Gandhi Marg", Seventh Year, Fourth Issue, October, pp. 235–247
1964 On Heinrich von Kleist's "Broken Pitcher." "Vent", Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
1964a Clues to Suicide: Psychiatrists Discuss Israeli Aspects." The Jerusalem Post".
1971 An Israeli Legal-Psychiatric Dilemma. "Journal of Forensic Medicine", vol. 18, pp. 39–46
1974 Border Symbolism. "The Psychoanalytic Quarterly", vol. 43, pp. 650–660. Reprinted (1989) in Stein, H. F. & Niederland, W. G. (Eds.) Maps from the Mind: Readings in Psychogeography. Norman, Oklahoma: University of Oklahoma Press
1974a (with Rafael Moses et al.) יחידה ערפית לטיפול בנפגעי הלם קרב בשלהי מלחמת יום הכיפורים Rear Unit for the Treatment of Combat Reactions in the Wake of the Yom Kippur War. "Harefuah, Journal of the Israel Medical Association", December 15.
1975-1976 Identity and Name Changes. "The Psychoanalytic Review", vol. 62, pp. 647–657 
1976 (with Rafael Moses et al.) A Rear Unit for the Treatment of Combat Reactions in the Wake of the Yom Kippur War. "Psychiatry", vol. 39, pp. 153–162
1977 Freud and Herzl. "Midstream", vol. 23, no. 1 (January), pp. 3–24
1978 Freud and Herzl version." Contemporary Psychoanalysis", vol. 14, July, pp. 357–387
1979 פרויד והרצל and Herzl. Ha'ummah, vol. 56, pp. 57–75
1979a לפשר שגעונו של הירשל: סיפור פשוט של ש"י עגנון the Meaning of Hirschl's Madness: A Simple Tale by S.J. Agnon. "Bammah", no. 81-82, pp. 107–111
1982 Freud und Herzl: die Geschichte einer Beziehung in der Phantasie. "Zeitgeschichte" (Salzburg), vol. 9, pp. 305–337
1982a The Messiah and the Qelippoth: on the Mental Illness of Sabbatai Sevi. "Journal of Psychology and Judaism", vol. 7, pp. 5–29
1982b Eichmann, Rohan and Cohen: Psychiatric Justice in Israel." Medicine and Law", vol. 1, pp. 191–198
1982c The Role of Guilt Feelings in War Neurosis. In Milgram, Norman A. (Ed.) "Stress and Anxiety", vol. 8, pp. 163–169. Washington: Hemisphere
1983 Border Symbolism Revisited. "International Review of Psycho-Analysis," vol. 10, pp. 215–220. Reprinted in Stein, H. F. & Niederland, W. G. (Eds. 1989) Maps from the Mind: Readings in Psychogeography. Norman, Oklahoma: University of Oklahoma Press
1983a Moshe Dayan: the Infantile Roots of Political Action. "The Journal of Psychohistory", vol. 11, pp. 271–288
1984 Moshe Dayan: Narcissism in Politics. "The Jerusalem Quarterly", vol. 30, pp. 113–124
1985 Aspects of Political Psychobiography. "Political Psychology", vol. 6, pp. 605–619
1986 Der Kampf zwischen der Psychoanalyse und den Universitäten. In Pircher, Wolfgang (Ed.) "Vernunft als Institution? Geschichte und Zukunft der Universität", pp. 125–134. Vienna: Österreichische Hochschülerschaft.
1987 Ben-Gurion: Immigration as Rebirth. "Midstream", vol. 33, no. 5, pp. 32–34
1987a על הספה: הדרך הארוכה לשינוי עצמי מציאותי the Couch: the Long Road to a Realistic Self-Image. "Politica" (Israel), no. 14-15, pp. 52–55
1987b מהלר ופרויד: סיפורה של פגישה and Freud: the Story of an Encounter. "Musica" (Israel), vol. 6, pp. 30–35
1987c The Meaning of Jerusalem: a Psychohistorical Inquiry." The Psychohistory Review", vol. 16, no. 1, pp. 99–113. Expanded version in Stein. H. F. & Niederland, W. G. (Eds. 1989)" Maps from the Mind: Readings in Psychogeography". Norman, Oklahoma: University of Oklahoma Press
1989 Aspectos psicoanalíticos del conflicto árabe-israelí. "Diálogo" (Jerusalem, Israel), vol. 19, pp. 3, 6-13, 31
1989a Incest and Parricide on the Throne of Judah. "The Psychoanalytic Study of Society", vol. 14, pp. 149–165
1991 לעבד את האבל Through the Mourning. "Davar", March 19
1991a לאומיות כנרקיסיזם קבוצתי הגנתי as Defensive Group Narcissism. "Davar", Oct. 10
1991b Why Are the Serbs and Croats Killing Each Other? "The Jerusalem Post", Dec. 6
1992 Unconscious Aspects of the Arab-Israeli Conflict. "The Psychoanalytic Study of Society", vol. 17, pp. 213–247
1993 עגנון והפסיכואנליזה and Psychoanalysis. "Iton 77", vol. 16, no. 156, pp. 28–39
1993a רוזה כהן ולאה שלוסברג: על יצחק רבין Cohen and Leah Schlossbergon Yitzhak Rabin. "Politica" (Tel Aviv).
1993b The Problem of Mourning in Jewish History. "The Psychoanalytic Study of Society", vol. 18, pp. 299–316
1999 מאוסוולד עד עמיר: דיוקן פסיכואנליטי של רוצח פוליטי Oswald to Amir: Psychoanalytic Portrait of a Political Assassin. "Panim", No. 8, Winter 1998-1999, January 1999
2001 De Claude-André Strauss à Claude Vigée: Refléxions d'un ami psychologue. In Mendelson, David & Leinmann, Colette (Eds.) "L’Oeil Témoin de la Parole: Rencontre autour de Claude Vigée". Paris: Editions Parole et Silence
2001a Political Assassination and Personality Disorder: The Cases of Lee Harvey Oswald and Yigal Amir. "Mind and Human Interaction", vol. 12, no. 1, pp. 2–34
2001b Osama bin Laden and America: A Psychobiographical Study. "Mind and Human Interaction", vol. 12, no. 3, pp. 161–172
2004 Terres promises: le regard d'un psychanalyste. "Perspectives: Revue de l'Université Hébraïque de Jérusalem", No. 11, pp. 199–207.
2006 Collective Psychological Processes in Anti-Semitism. "Jewish Political Studies Review", vol. 18, no. 1-2, pp. 37–55
Book Reviews
1978 Analyzing Freud. Review of "From Oedipus to Moses" by Marthe Robert. "Midstream", vol. 24, no. 10, pp. 70–71
1986 Review of "The Immortal Atatürk" by Vamik D. Volkan and Norman Itzkowitz. "Asian and African Studies", vol. 20, pp. 266–271
1988 Loss and Longing. Review of "Freud: A Life for Our Time" by Peter Gay. "Weekend, The Jerusalem Post Magazine"
1992 Old-Hat Freud. Review of "Freud and Moses" by Emmanuel Rice. "Moment", vol. 17, no. 3, pp. 67–68
1999 Reviews of "Shame and Humiliation: Presidential Decision Making on Vietnam" by Blema S. Steinberg (1996) and "Richard Nixon: A Psychobiography" by Vamik D. Volkan & al. (1997). "Political Psychology", vol. 20, no. 2, pp. 420–428

</doc>
<doc id="5974412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974412" title="Tyler Wolverton">
Tyler Wolverton

Tyler Wolverton is a metalcore vocalist, band leader, and percussionist from Auburn, Washington who has performed and recorded with many groups during his career.
He is best known for his work as fronting the industrial/grindcore endeavour known as Co/Dec, and most recently for fronting the metalcore band Surekill. Typically playing an outlandish style of music with heavy screams and riffs, Tyler is more notorious for his stage antics than anything else. Although he has played only a handful of shows, most of them have ended with Tyler sporting a bloodied nose, lip, or other injuries, due to him "going totally ape and forgetting about physical pain," due to his steadfast dedication and passion for the music he plays 
Notably, Tyler has almost always been willing and able to assist friends on stage, eventually leading him to become a small hero in a very tight-knit local music scene. He has been in many bands and projects, including The Honky Tonk Murder, STAARS, Onyx Hammer, Matt Mayhem And The Murdercats, Surekill, and Co/Dec.
Early career.
Wolverton started drumming at the age of thirteen. He is entirely self-taught, and began playing along with the songs on a local mainstream rock radio station. Eventually, his tastes in music would change, and his skills would increase. He then started playing along with some of the heavier and more complex CDs in his collection, such as Converge, and Between the Buried and Me.
The earliest official project was drumming with his friends Nathan and Danny. Sumo Night Club, they called themselves, was lo-fi rock act doing mostly covers. ""Quite frankly, we didn't do a damn thing besides mess around, but that was fine by me. We were having a lot of fun doing that,"" he recalled in an interview with his friend's music website. 
After several months with Sumo Night Club, Wolverton decided that it was his time to move on, and pursue something heavier and more technical. Sumo Night Club would eventually recruit Michael Hayden as their new drummer, and Wolverton set foot in a new direction.
Honky Tonk Murder was a mixture of country and metal and, oddly enough, one of the better-known projects in Wolverton's early career. Most people knew that HTM was nothing more than a joke, but some people thought it to be a sincere musical endeavour. When reminded of "The MURDER," as some call it, Wolverton said, with a laugh, "“I guess you could tie it into my love of ridiculous, over-the-top music. Sure, it's not as insane as some of the solo crap I've done with drum and synth programs on my computer, but it's still one of those things that makes you think 'Whoa, what the hell?'”" Honky Tonk Murder became a joke at his highschool for a while. Wolverton, known in the band as T-Texas Tyler played guitar and vocals on each track recorded. The band went on to write a handful of songs before it disbanded, but not before their only song “I Been In Love With The Same Woman For Thirty Years... Don't Tell My Wife” was released on their Myspace page.
STAARS.
With Wolveton’s mind set to make out-of-the-ordinary music, he, along with his good friend Tony started an experimental drone metal project, dubbed STAARS. In this endeavour, there are no vocals and no percussion. There is only a downtuned bass and a downtuned guitar. It's safe to say that each dirge has a sludgy feel to it, as most drone metal does. For this project, he went under the moniker Jean-Michel, and Tony as Jean-Pascal.
The band described themselves (somewhat jokingly on their Myspace page as the following: ""On a semi-drunken quest to find new music in the burning embers of a new year, Jean-Michel stumbled across a new genre that would change him forever. Initially thought of nothing more than a novelty, he would listen to a clip of the song 'Black Wedding' by the band Sunn O))) for no more than an hour at a time. The periods grew to two and even three hours, slowly taking over and eveloping his entire music library. Eventually, this song became so enthralling and time-consuming that he had to tell someone, and fast.
One person came to mind. 
Jean-Pascal also initially thought of the aural sounds capes as a novelty, but later it overtook his musical library, just as it had done to his friend. The two of them would talk about it extensively, and listen to it incessantly. 
After listening to more groups of the genre, drone metal had become a way of life for Jean-Pascal and Jean-Michel. They vowed to start a band to not only pay homage to the subsonic demonoliths who blazed the path they travelled, but to also blaze their own.""
Petty differences in ideals sent STAARS into a nearly two year-long hiatus. There has been talk between members of rekindling the band, but nothing has been confirmed yet.
Onyx Hammer.
Since STAARS had ended, Wolverton had a new goal in mind. He was desiring to start a power metal band, and so he started Onyx Hammer with long-time friend Matt Mayhem. Matt would pick up the primary guitar duties, and Tyler decided to fill in the spot of drummer. The two were the mind and body of the band, and had nothing more in mind than to make metal music for metal people. Critics who entered a practice session jokingly said that it was "too much metal for one hand." Eventually, that became the band's slogan and anthem. The group had some of Kent’s prime figures in music, featuring Shay Kinbabys on bass (co-founder of The Stigmatics), Plaid Lad on vocals, and Zakk Robbins on guitar. The band didn't last but a couple of months, due to scheduling difficulties between members. Again, another one of his bands was forced to snuff out its own flame.
Compression/Decompression.
In the ashes of Onyx Hammer, Tyler Wolverton met another active musician in the local music scene, Steve Stigmatic, award-winning saxophonist who had been in many other bands including Dead Members Of Society, The Counted, and NRN. The two met at a party through mutual friends and discussed their varying musical tastes and influences. The discussion outlasted two campfires and many, many beers, and would lead Wolverton to show Steve some of the different elements of industrial music. After having several other discussions about music the two decided to make a mixture of noise, metal and industrial this leading to Wolverton’s most recognizable band, Co/Dec (Compression/Decompression). 
Steve Stigmatic was looking to make some new music, but became bored of the routine each of his punk bands seemed to have, so he decided to make some heavy industrial beats with his synth. Soon Wolverton decided to make lyrics and added his own touch of heavy metal vocals. After only a few practices, the two quickly made a demo entitled "“From Hell”". Co/Dec became a regular on the local Auburn radio station KGRG. "“From Hell”" became their first single on KGRG's industrial show, System Overload. Shortly thereafter, the duo produced the song ""Plague"" as their follow-up, but were unimpressed with the overall sound of the song, and so it became an internet-only release. 
After several weeks, there became a collection of over 30 unfinished songs, and three remixes of "“From Hell”". To go along with the rising amounts of songs to complete, there was a phenomenal spike in Co/Dec's popularity. After a band discussion, Tyler and Steve decided that a live performance was in order. However, due to arguments between the artists they disbanded later that year.
Matt Mayhem And The Murdercats.
Co/Dec went to fast into local success and was put on hiatus as both Steve Stigmatic and Wolverton knew they could come back anytime to release their EP on an yet-undecided record label. 
Wolverton looked towards a new pshycobilly band, Matt Mayhem and The Murdercats. He would return to the drum set and dish out a furious blast of sound. The band was fronted by long-time friend and former bandmate Matt Mayhem, with Shay Kinbabys(bass), and Zakk "Madcat" Robbins (guitar), who were also a part of Onyx Hammer. The band would go on to play a few local events. Shay and Madcat left the band, due to them both moving away to go to college.
Current Endeavours.
Tyler is now heavily involved with the metalcore outfit Surekill. A four song demo was recently recorded with a partial lineup (guitars, drums, vocals), but the vocals were removed, as he was very displeased with his performance. More recently, the band has undergone some minor changes. He and bandmate Matt Godsey have moved positions, and now Wolverton is on drums, while Matt is now doing vocals and secondary guitar work. The band is holding off on doing any more recording for the time being, as they are working to find a different variant on the metalcore genre that better suits each member's playing style. However, there is talk that a demo or EP may be recorded and released by mid-to-late spring of 2007. 
Wolverton and Godsey are also rumoured to be starting a new sideproject that they have stylistically labeled "black'n'roll," which is what they have dubbed groups like Satyricon.
He is also writing material and drumming for Matt Mayhem And The Murdercats. However, the band's growth has been greatly impeded due to the loss of two members who are moving away for college.
In addition to being put on hiatus, Co/Dec's other member, Steve Stigmatic, is moving with Zakk (guitarist of MM&TMC) to go to college, which will make matters more difficult in regards to recording and becoming active once more.

</doc>
<doc id="5974415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974415" title="Silvano">
Silvano

Silvano is a "dramma marinaresco" (literally a "seafaring drama") or opera in two acts by Pietro Mascagni, 1895, from a libretto by Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti, based on a novel by Alphonse Karr. It received its first performance on 25 March 1895 at La Scala, Milan. Although rarely performed today, the music (if not the drama) is of some technical accomplishment, and when revived "Silvano" has been favourably received. The barcarolle from "Silvano" features prominently in a montage during the Martin Scorsese film "Raging Bull".
Recordings.
There has been one studio recording of "Silvano", recorded in 1995 and several live recordings, the earliest in 1954, and the most recent in 2003:
In addition, the tenor aria "S'è spento il sol (Notturno)" and the ensuing "Barcarola"' (used in the film "Raging Bull") have been recorded separately a number of times.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5974420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974420" title="Koodal Nagar">
Koodal Nagar

Koodal Nagar is a Tamil film directed by first-timer Seenu Ramasamy. Bharath, Bhavana and Sandhya are playing the lead roles. Bharath is playing dual role in this movie. It was a Box office Flop
Plot.
The story is set in a suburb of Madurai. Suryan (Bharath) and Chandran (Bharath) are twins. Suryan, the elder of the two is soft spoken guy who works at a local lending library and he falls in love with Manimekala (Bhavana), daughter of Namasivayam (Mahadevan) the local politician-don and MLA. Chandran, the younger one, works as a mortuary assistant in the local government hospital and he's one among Namasivayam’s bad guys who are in charge of his election campaign. Chandran is romantically linked to a local girl,Tamizhselvi (Sandhya).
Namasivayam comes to know about his daughter’s love affair with Suryan and he orders to some killers to kill Suryan. But accidentally they attack Chandran who succeeds in escaping from them.

</doc>
<doc id="5974422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974422" title="John White (Conservative MP)">
John White (Conservative MP)

John White (May 6, 1833 – September 24, 1894) was an Ontario machinist and political figure. He represented Hastings East in the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative member from 1871 to 1887.
He was born in Donegal, County Donegal, Ireland in 1833 and grew up there. In 1856, he married Esther Johnston. He operated a cheese factory on the Moira River near the town of Roslin. White served as reeve for Tyendinaga. He was elected to the House of Commons by acclamation in an 1871 by-election after the sitting member was named to the Senate. White was Grand Master for the Orange Lodge in Ontario East and, in 1874, became Deputy Grand Master for British North America.
In 1856, White married Esther Johnson. He died in Victoria, British Columbia at the age of 61.
History professor Donald Akenson of Queen's University, in his book "At Face Value", proposed that this John White may have actually been Eliza McCormack White, John White's sister, and so, the first woman elected to the House of Commons. Akenson later revealed the book to be a hoax, based on Daniel Defoe's "Moll Flanders".

</doc>
<doc id="5974424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974424" title="Industrial College of the Armed Forces">
Industrial College of the Armed Forces

The Industrial College of the Armed Forces (ICAF) is a U.S. military educational institution tasked with preparing selected military officers and civilians for senior national security leadership positions dealing with the resource component of national power. Special emphasis is placed on materiel acquisition, joint logistics, and their integration into national security strategy for peace and war. 
ICAF conducts postgraduate, executive-level courses of study and associated research and awards a Master of Science degree in National Resource Strategy.
History.
The United States suffered severe mobilization difficulties during World War I. To minimized a recurrence, the Army Industrial College was established in 1924 to focus on wartime procurement and mobilization procedures. Bernard M. Baruch, a prominent Wall Street speculator and Chairman of the World War I War Industries Board, is regarded as one of the founding fathers. 
The college rapidly expanded but closed before the onset World War II. It was re-opened in 1943 within the Pentagon. Before war's end senior Army officers, including Allied Supreme Commander of the European Theatre General Dwight D. Eisenhower (graduate of the Army Industrial College class of 1933 and instructor at the college for four years), supported the concept of a joint war college. In 1946 the school's name was changed to the Industrial College of the Armed Forces (ICAF). ICAF moved to Fort McNair, near the newly founded National War College, and began a 10-month course. In 1948, Secretary of Defense James V. Forrestal, removed the college from the Army’s jurisdiction and reconstituted it “as a joint educational institution under the direction of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.” 
ICAF moved into a newly constructed facility, Eisenhower Hall in 1960. During the next several years the character of ICAF changed dramatically. As the United States found itself increasingly involved in Vietnam, ICAF shifted from focusing on national industrial mobilization to educating leaders to manage logistical resources in such conflicts. Student demographics changed, with the first woman and African American students graduated in 1973. 
In 1976, ICAF became part of the newly established National Defense University. The Goldwater-Nichols Defense Reorganization Act of 1986 called for substantially increased attention to joint military education. In response the ICAF continued to expand its curriculum and added an acquisition course. In 1991, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff gave responsibility to ICAF to educate the Senior Acquisition Corps (military and civilian) of all Services and the Department of Defense. In 1993, Congress passed legislation authorizing the Industrial College to award Master’s degrees, starting with the graduates of the Class of 1994. 

</doc>
<doc id="5974425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974425" title="Australian TV Guide">
Australian TV Guide

The Australian TV Guide was the "first online television schedule guide ever published in Australia," and one of the first online television schedule guides in the world.
Created in 1994 by Professor Lesley Goldschlager of Monash University, the Australian TV Guide was the first online publication in Australia to provide internet users with a searchable online television program guide.
In 2003, the Australian TV Guide was acquired by eBroadcast, remaining one of Australia's most popular television resources.

</doc>
<doc id="5974436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974436" title="Arthur Jones (politician)">
Arthur Jones (politician)

(Albert) Arthur Jones (23 October 1915 - 6 December 1991) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Bedford-born, Jones was educated at Bedford Modern School and became an estate agent, company director and farmer in north Bedfordshire. He became a councillor on Bedford Borough Council in 1949 and on Bedfordshire County Council in 1956, serving as Mayor of Bedford 1957-59. He was vice-president of the Association of Municipal Corporations and was chairman of the Conservative Party national advisory committee on local government.
Jones contested Wellingborough in 1955. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Northamptonshire South from a 1962 by-election to 1974, and for Daventry from 1974 to 1979. His successor as MP for Daventry was Reg Prentice, previously MP for Newham North East who had defected from the Labour Party to the Conservatives two years earlier. He died in Bedford aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="5974440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974440" title="Symphonic Dances (Rachmaninoff)">
Symphonic Dances (Rachmaninoff)

The Symphonic Dances, Op. 45, is an orchestral suite in three movements. Completed in 1940, it is Sergei Rachmaninoff's last composition. The work summarizes Rachmaninoff's compositional output.
The work is fully representative of the composer's later style with its curious, shifting harmonies, the almost Prokofiev-like grotesquerie of the outer movements and the focus on individual instrumental tone colors throughout (highlighted by his use of an alto saxophone in the opening dance). The opening three-note motif, introduced quietly but soon reinforced by heavily staccato chords and responsible for much of the movement's rhythmic vitality, is reminiscent of the Queen of Shemakha's theme in Rimsky-Korsakov's opera "The Golden Cockerel", the only music by another composer that he had taken out of Russia with him in 1917.
The "Dances" allowed him to indulge in a nostalgia for the Russia he had known, much as he had done in the Third Symphony, as well as to effectively sum up his lifelong fascination with ecclesiastical chants. In the first dance, he quotes the opening theme of his First Symphony, itself derived from motifs characteristic of Russian church music. In the finale he quotes both the "Dies Irae" and the chant "Blessed be the Lord" ("Blagosloven yesi, Gospodi") from his "All-Night Vigil".
Instrumentation.
The work is scored for an orchestra of piccolo, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, cor anglais, 2 clarinets, bass clarinet, alto saxophone, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 4 horns, 3 trumpets, 3 trombones, tuba, timpani, triangle, tambourine, side drum, cymbals, bass drum, tamtam, xylophone, glockenspiel, tubular bells, harp, piano, and strings.
Background.
Rachmaninoff composed the "Symphonic Dances" four years after his Third Symphony, mostly at the Honeyman estate, "Orchard Point", in Centerport, New York, overlooking Long Island Sound. Its original name was "Fantastic Dances", with movement titles of "Noon", "Twilight", and "Midnight". While the composer had written conductor Eugene Ormandy in late August 1940 that the piece was finished and needed only to be orchestrated, the manuscript for the full score bears completion dates of September and October 1940. It was premiered by Ormandy and the Philadelphia Orchestra, to whom it is dedicated, on January 3, 1941.
The "Dances" combine energetic rhythmic sections, reminiscent of Stravinsky's "The Rite of Spring", with some of the composer's lushest harmonies. The rhythmic vivacity, a characteristic of Rachmaninoff's late style, may have been further heightened here for two reasons. First, he had been encouraged by the success of his "Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini" as a ballet in 1939 and wanted to write something with which to follow it up. Second, he may have included material intended for a ballet titled "The Scythians", begun in 1914-15 but abandoned before he left Russia. While no manuscript for the ballet is known to have survived, this does not make his quoting the work inconceivable, given the vastness of Rachmaninoff's memory. He could remember and play back accurately pieces he had heard years earlier, even those he had heard only once.
The work is remarkable for its use of the alto saxophone as a solo instrument for the only time in a Rachmaninoff composition. He was apparently advised as to its use by the American orchestrator and composer Robert Russell Bennett. The composition includes several quotations from Rachmaninoff's other works, and can be regarded as a summing-up of his entire career as a composer. The first dance ends with a quotation from his unfortunate First Symphony (1897). The ghostly second dance was called "dusk" in some sketches. The final dance is a kind of struggle between the "Dies Irae" theme, representing Death, and a quotation from the ninth movement of his "All-night Vigil" (1915), representing Resurrection (the lyrics of the "All-night Vigil"'s ninth movement in fact narrate mourners' discovery of Christ's empty grave and the Risen Lord). The Resurrection theme proves victorious in the end (he wrote the word "Hallelujah" at this place in the score).
Arrangements.
Concert.
Rachmaninoff wrote an arrangement for two pianos concurrently with the orchestral version. The first performance of this arrangement was famously performed by the composer with Vladimir Horowitz at a private party in Beverly Hills, California in August 1942. There is also an arrangement for orchestral wind band.
Wind band arrangement of third movent by Paul Lavender copyright 2014 by Boosey & Hawkes Publishers Ltd.
Ballet.
The name "Symphonic Dances" suggests that the composition can be danced to. Rachmaninoff corresponded with choreographer Michel Fokine about possibly creating a ballet from the "Dances". He played the composition for Fokine on the piano; the choreographer responded enthusiastically. Fokine's death in August 1942 put an end to any possible collaboration in this direction.
Joseph Albano, owner, founder and Artistic Director of the Albano Ballet in Hartford, Connecticut, choreographed the dances in the 1980s; this was performed at Connecticut State University starring Paul Russell, Dean Dufford and Julia Frederick. Salvatore Aiello choreographed the "Symphonic Dances" for the North Carolina Dance Theater in 1991. Peter Martins did so in 1994 for the New York City Ballet. Edwaard Liang did so in 2012 for the San Francisco Ballet.
Organ.
There exists an unpublished transcription of the entire piece by French composer/performer Jean Guillou, written for two organs.

</doc>
<doc id="5974443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974443" title="Arms embargo">
Arms embargo

An arms embargo is an embargo that applies to weaponry. It may also include "dual use" items. An arms embargo may serve one or more purposes:
Historical examples.
Argentina.
US President Jimmy Carter implemented the embargo against the 1976 "Military Junta" due to the "Dirty War". This was joined by the United Kingdom after the 1982 Falklands War. The ban was lifted in the 1990s when Argentina was named a Major non-NATO ally. During those years Argentine Armed Forces shifted to Western European countries and Israel for supplies.
Indonesia.
The United States government imposed an arms embargo to Indonesia in 1999 due to human rights violations in East Timor. The embargo was subsequently lifted in 2005.
Iran.
There have been international sanctions against Iran since 1979. 
In March 2007, UN Security Council Resolution 1747, imposed a ban on arms sales with Iran.
People's Republic of China.
The U.S. and EU stopped exporting arms to the PRC after 1989, due to the reaction by the Chinese Communist Party to the protests in and around Tiananmen Square. This embargo does not apply to Hong Kong or Macau.
South Africa.
The arms embargo of South Africa from 1977 extended to dual use items. The embargo was lifted by Resolution 919 in 1994.
List of current arms embargoes.
The countries included in the list are under arms embargo of the United Nations or another international organization (EU, OSCE and others) or country. In some cases the arms embargo is supplemented by general trade embargo, other sanctions (financial) or travel ban for specific persons. In some cases the arms embargo applies to any entitiy residing or established in the country, but in others it is partial - the recognized government forces and international peacekeepers are exempted from the embargo.

</doc>
<doc id="5974444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974444" title="Van Independent School District">
Van Independent School District

Van Independent School District is a public school district based in Van, Texas (USA).
In addition to Van, the district serves the city of Edom and the unincorporated community of Ben Wheeler. The district also serves a portion of western Smith County and extends into a small part of Henderson County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5974453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974453" title="Pol. Alghero">
Pol. Alghero

Polisportiva Alghero was an Italian association football club located in Alghero, Sardinia. Its colours were red and yellow.
In the 2007–08 season of Serie D, Alghero finished 4th in Girone G, qualifying it for the promotional play-offs. As a playoff semi-finalist, the team won special promotion to Serie C2, now called Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, as one of the 5 top teams in the promotional play-offs.
In the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione 2008-09 season, the team finished tied with Montichiari for 13th position in Girone A, but avoided playing in the relegation play-offs by having the better head-to-head record.
Following bankruptcy in 2010, Alghero subsequently folded.

</doc>
<doc id="5974464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974464" title="Pulley, Shropshire">
Pulley, Shropshire

Pulley is a small village on the southern edge of Shrewsbury in Shropshire, England. It is located between Shrewsbury and Bayston Hill. The A5 Shrewsbury by-pass cuts through the area.
To the north is the Shrewsbury suburb of Meole Brace.
History.
The modern placename of "Pulley" is listed in Folio 259r, and 260v, in the Domesday Book (c.1086) at the UK National Archives and was then spelled as "Polelie".

</doc>
<doc id="5974469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974469" title="Lyman Law">
Lyman Law

Lyman Law (July 17, 1770 – May 2, 1840), son of Richard Law and father of John Law, was a United States Representative from Connecticut. He was born New London, Connecticut. He pursued classical studies and was graduated from Yale College in 1791. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1793 and commenced practice in New London.
Law was a member of the Connecticut State House of Representatives in 1801, 1802, 1806, 1809, 1810, 1819, and 1826, and served as speaker in 1806, 1809, and 1810. He was elected as a Federalist to the Twelfth, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Congresses (March 4, 1811 - March 3, 1817). He died in New London on February 3, 1842 and was originally buried in the “Second Burial Ground” and was reburied in Cedar Grove Cemetery in 1851.
His son, John Law (congressman), served as United States Representative from Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="5974471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974471" title="Shlomo Porter">
Shlomo Porter

Rabbi Shlomo Porter is the executive director of the Etz Chaim Center for Jewish Learning. He is a past president of AJOP (Association for Jewish Outreach Professionals), and also has served as an AJOP trustee since its founding in 1985. Rabbi Porter currently resides with his wife Shoshana (Ungar) Porter in Baltimore, Maryland.
Rabbi Porter is originally from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where he was raised by his parents who began their life anew in America after spending World War II in the Jewish-Russian partisan movement. 
Rabbi Porter's parents, together with his mentors, Rabbi Michel and Rebbetzin Feige Twerski, had a profound influence on his life and encouraged him to attend Beis Medrash L'Torah, a yeshiva high school in Skokie, Illinois. Afterwards, Rabbi Porter spent thirteen years at the in Baltimore, and then going on to Loyola College to receive his master's degree in counseling.
From 1974-1977 Rabbi Porter organized SEED (Summer Educational and Enrichment Development) programs in Milwaukee. The Porter family moved to Santa Clara, California, so that Rabbi Porter could teach and administer Yeshiva and Medrasha Kerem (a high school for young men and women that combined outreach and Torah learning). In 1981 Rabbi Porter moved back to Baltimore to expand and direct the Etz Chaim Center of Jewish Studies, a multi-level program of outreach and adult learning which has reached over 10,000 Jews of every affiliation. Over the years The Etz Chaim Center of Jewish Learning has grown and presently has a Russian division, a college outreach program, advanced women's program, two centers in Baltimore, and two branches in Washington and Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="5974474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974474" title="Mannava">
Mannava

Mannava is surname for some families in Andhra Pradesh, southern India.
It is Indian family name and also a small place name near Guntur
Mannava also means "The King" in Tamil language.
Notable people with Mannava as surname are:

</doc>
<doc id="5974479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974479" title="Svea Court of Appeal">
Svea Court of Appeal

The Svea Court of Appeal ("Svea hovrätt" in Swedish), located in Stockholm, is one of six appellate courts in the Swedish legal system. It is located in the Wrangel Palace, on Riddarholmen islet in Gamla Stan, the old town of Stockholm.
History.
The Svea Court of Appeal was founded in 1614 and was the highest court in Sweden until 1789, when the Supreme Court of Sweden was established.
Among people sentenced to death by the court was Nicolaus Olai Campanius.

</doc>
<doc id="5974481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974481" title="Pol. Arzachena">
Pol. Arzachena

Polisportiva Arzachena is an Italian association football club located in Arzachena, Sardinia. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The club was founded in 1964.
Serie D.
In the season 2002-03 the club was promoted to serie D.
Colours and badge.
The colors of the club are white and green.

</doc>
<doc id="5974482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974482" title="Charles Saint-Prot">
Charles Saint-Prot

Charles Saint-Prot is a French geopolitician and writer. He is a historian specializing in international relations and geopolitics, in particular, questions of the Middle East and the Islamic world. Saint-Prot is the director of the Observatoire d’études géopolitiques (Observatory of geopolitical studies) in Paris, a research center on the international relations, and is the director, with Zeina el Tibi, of the publication "Etudes géopolitiques" 
The Observatory of Geopolitical Studies (OEG) is a French institute, which has the aim of contributing to the promotion of scientific research in the various fields of geopolitics. A Council of orientation gathers a team of academics, researchers, specialists and diplomats. The Observatory of geopolitical studies has its seat in Paris, an office in Beirut and correspondents in many countries.
Saint-Prot is doctor in political science and searcher at the Institute of International, European and Comparative Law (Faculté de droit de Paris Descartes), specializing in Islamic law.
He has about 30 publications to his credit, some of which have been translated into English and Arabic.
A specialist of Islam.
Saint-Prot published "Islam. L'avenir de la Tradition entre révolution et occidentalisation" (Paris, ed. Le Rocher), "Islam.The Future of Tradition between Revolution and Westernization" ( Le Rocher publisher, Paris) in 2008.
The main subject of this book is Islam and the challenge of the future between revolutionary sectarianism and westernization. Nowadays Islam has become a main concern to the world. Words as “Islamism”, “radical Islam”, “salafism”, “wahhabism”, are often used without a clear meaning and content. Saint-Prot explains how orthodox Sunni Islam succeeds in bringing together the largest number of the Muslims with a creed, legal principles and rules which were defined by the traditionalist current. Tradition never rejected reformism and cannot be compared with rigid conservatism or with minority, but active, trends defined by their radical revolutionary sectarianism. Far from encouraging the radicalism whose most spectacular consequence is terrorism, the Tradition is the voice of Islam which tries to reconcile faith and respect of the immutable dogma and nowadays evolutions by the way of ijtihad (effort at reasoning to find a solution to a legal question)
Saint-Prot develops a new analysis of great traditionalists as Ahmed Ibn Hanbal or Ibn Taimiya, and having as a main reference the works of the pre-reformist Mohammed Abdul Wahhab. The thesis studies the developments and evolution of the traditionist doctrines, especially from a socio-political and legal point of view, since the first centuries of Islam up to now, taking into account the important reformist trend with thinkers as Al Afghani, Mohammed Abdu, Rashid Rida or Abdul Rahman Al Kawakibi.
This book demonstrates that the Islamic Tradition is a better answer to the sectarian extremists drifts than a westernization which would lead to the denial and loss of the Muslim identity, which is distinguished by a symbiosis between the temporal and the spiritual

</doc>
<doc id="5974486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974486" title="Reuven Bulka">
Reuven Bulka

Reuven P. Bulka (born June 6, 1944, London, England) is a rabbi, writer, broadcaster and activist in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and former co-president of the Canadian Jewish Congress. He received his Rabbinic ordination from the Rabbi Jacob Joseph Rabbinical Seminary in New York City, and his Ph.D.degree from the University of Ottawa in 1971, concentrating on the Logotherapy of Viktor Frankl. He has been the Rabbi of Congregation Machzikei Hadas in Ottawa since 1967.
Writing and broadcast work.
Rabbi Bulka was the founder and editor of the "Journal of Psychology and Judaism". He has contributed scholarly and popular articles to various journals, including the "Association of Mental Health Clergy Forum", "Analecta Frankliana", "Chronicle Review", "Humanitas", "Journal of Ecumenical Studies", "Journal of Halacha and Contemporary Society", "Journal of Humanistic Psychology", "Midstream" and "Pastoral Psychology", among others. 
He was also the host of the TV series, "In Good Faith" and continues to host the weekly radio call-in program "Sunday Night with Rabbi Bulka" on CFRA in Ottawa, and was host of the weekly radio Jewish culture and music program "JEW-BILATION" on CJLL-FM. He is a regular columnist for the "Ottawa Citizen"'s "Ask the Religion Experts" feature. Bulka is the author and/or editor of over 35 books, including his most auto-biographical work, "Turning Grief into Gratitude."
Interfaith.
In 2009, he called on the leadership of the Catholic Church in Canada to follow the lead of bishops in France, Belgium and Germany, among other countries, in denouncing the Holocaust denial and anti-Semitism of Bishop Richard Williamson and in reaffirming in no uncertain terms that such hateful views have no place in the Church.
Position on homosexuality.
Bulka formerly sat on the "Scientific Advisory Committee" of the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality, a social conservative group that believes homosexuality can be cured. In his book "One Man, One Woman, One Lifetime" Bulka writes that gay Jews have a mandate "to improve on who you are, through the exercise of free will, and with the help of mental health professionals and spiritual advisors."
Laura Schlessinger.
For several years, Bulka was spiritual advisor to American radio talk show host Laura Schlessinger and, in 1998, converted her and her family to Orthodox Judaism. In 2003, Schlessinger announced she was no longer a practicing Jew leaving Bulka "stunned".
Organizations.
He is on the editorial boards of "Tradition", "SASSON Magazine", "Journal of Religion and Health", "International Forum for Logotherapy" and "Pastoral Psychology". Rabbi Bulka was also the Chairman, RCA Publications Committee, Past Chairman, Rabbinic Cabinet, State of Israel Bonds. He was the President of the International Rabbinic Forum of Keren HaYesod - United Israel Appeal, and the founder of Clergy for a United Canada.
Rabbi Dr. Bulka is or has been Chairman of Trillium Gift of Life Network (2007), co-President of the Canadian Jewish Congress (2007–2009), chairman of the Religious and Inter-Religious Affairs Committee of the Canadian Jewish Congress, chairman of the Canadian Christian-Jewish Consultation, co-chairman of the Ottawa World Jewry Committee (formerly Ottawa Soviet Jewry Committee), founder and chair of Ottawa Kindness Week (2008), Honorary Chaplain of the Dominion Command of the Royal Canadian Legion, and has also been involved with a number of other service organizations. He is a member of the board of Canadian Blood Services and chairs the Hospice Ottawa West campaign. Previously he chaired the Courage Campaign for the Ottawa Regional Cancer Foundation which raised $25 million for cancer care. 
Awards.
Bulka is a recipient of the 125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal (January 1993) as well as the Beryl Plumptre Award of Excellence from the Kidney Foundation of Canada, Eastern Ontario Branch (1998). He has also been awarded the Gilbert Greenberg Distinguished Service Award of the Ottawa Jewish Community (1999), the Mayor's Award for Community Service (1999), the Bronfman Medal from the Canadian Jewish Congress. He was named the honorary principal of SAR Academy in Riverdale, New York (February 2009).
In 2006 he was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Laws from Carleton University The honour generated protests from lesbian and gay rights groups due to Bulka's then association with the National Association for the Research and Therapy of Homosexuality, a group which claims it can cure homosexuality through psychotherapy.
On February 18, 2010, he was awarded the Key to The City of Ottawa, the highest honour that the city can bestow. He has also received the Queen's medals for her 25th, 50th, and 60th anniversaries.
On June 28, 2013, Rabbi Bulka was appointed to the Order of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5974489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974489" title="Oklahoma Corporation Commission">
Oklahoma Corporation Commission

The Oklahoma Corporation Commission is the public utilities commission of the U.S state of Oklahoma run by three state-wide elected commissioners. Authorized to employ more than 400 employees, it regulates oil and gas drilling, utilities and telephone companies.
History.
The commission was established in 1907 and the First Oklahoma Legislature gave the commission authority to regulate public service corporations.
Railroad, telephone and telegraph companies were the companies first regulated by the commission, which also collected records of the stockholders, officers and directors of corporations chartered or licensed to do business in Oklahoma. Record collection duties were later split; the commission keeping records only for public service companies. The commission added pipelines, water, heat, light and power in early years.
The commission began regulating oil and gas in 1914 and was given additional regulatory power over the industry the following year.
Terms and qualifications.
Candidates for the commission must be a citizen of Oklahoma for over two years before their election, at least 30 years of age and have no interest in any entity regulated by the commission.
Commissioners serve a six-year term. The terms are staggered so that one commissioner is up for re-election every two years, in even-numbered years. The chair of the commission is determined by the three commissioners.
In case of vacancy the Governor of Oklahoma appoints a replacement, to stand until the next general election. The commissioner elected at that election will serve the remaining unexpired term, so as to maintain the staggered term system.
Duties.
The Commission regulates and enforces the laws and supervised the actives associated with:
Early emphasis for the commission was on regulation of railroad routes and rates. Through changes by the Legislature, and the change in services considered essential to the public welfare, the commission presently regulates public utilities, oil and gas industry (exploration, drilling, production and waste disposal), motor carrier transport, and petroleum products industry (transportation, storage, quality and dispensing). The commission also monitors a number of federal programs for compliance in Oklahoma. The commission also oversees the conservation of natural resources, avoiding waste production, abate pollution of the environment, and balancing the rights and needs of the people of Oklahoma with those of the regulated entities.
Membership.
As of October 2011, the following are the members of the commission:
Governor of Oklahoma Mary Fallin appointed Patrice Douglas to the Corporation Commission to serve out the remainder of Jeff Cloud's term in office due to his resignation.
Staffing.
The commission, with an annual budget of over $60 million, is one of the larger employers of Oklahoma state government. For fiscal year 2012, the commission was authorized 430 full-time employees, but experience numerous vacancies.

</doc>
<doc id="5974491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974491" title="Everaldo Coelho">
Everaldo Coelho

Everaldo Coelho (born March 25, 1978) is a Brazilian graphic designer and illustrator. He specializes in iconography, themes and user interface design. Everaldo's works include general illustrations, comics, children's books, corporate design and many other areas. He is known in Linux circles for his "Crystal" icon theme.
Career.
Everaldo worked for Conectiva and LindowsOS, and later as a freelance artist for SUSE, KDE, Mozilla and many other Linux-related projects. He has also worked on various projects for Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows XP platforms. In 2004, he joined Lindows.com as a full-time Lindows.com employee. Currently, he is the head of UX at Movile and consultant at Yellowicon Studio.
Everaldo started out as an illustrator. He has illustrated many children's books, school books, and magazines (including one specialized in Linux). In 1998, when Everaldo purchased his first PC, he saw a Mac in the computers store. Not understanding much about operating systems at the time, he searched the Internet for an OS to install on his new machine, coming across Linux. He installed Linux and WindowMaker, and began making themes.
In 2000 he made a few icons for Conectiva as a freelancer. Later, he was hired to work at their creation department. He designed Conectiva Linux's interface. His first KDE job was a splash screen, done in free time. Helio Castro sent it to KDE-Look, introducing Everaldo and KDE community to each other.
In the beginning he used CorelDRAW 9, running in Linux and GIMP. Later, he moved to Adobe Illustrator.
Crystal.
Everaldo's signature style is the distinctive "crystal" look, mainly consisting in icons that appear to be made of highly reflective surfaces. The theme that he created for KDE has been used in many different applications and websites. Crystal made a large impact on KDE and also boosted the mindshare of SVG icons on the desktop. Coelho would later create the icon set, where the icons also appear to have a certain transparent quality.
When Everaldo started to work on Conectiva Linux 8, his intention was to create customized icons. Conectiva wanted to attract both Windows XP and Mac OS X users. This inspired him to focus on an intermediate concept of icons, "between realism of Mac OS X and cartoon colored style of XP". The result was the Crystal Icon set.
Before 2001, the default icon theme for KDE was Torsten Rahn's HiColor. In 2001, Frank Karlitschek came up with the website "KDE-Look", which introduced Rahn to Everaldo's Crystal. He discontinued the work on HiColor and joined Everaldo's work on Crystal. Crystal SVG became the default icon theme in KDE 3.1.

</doc>
<doc id="5974495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974495" title="Isabel Soveral">
Isabel Soveral

Isabel M. M. Abranches de Soveral (born 1961, Oporto) is a Portuguese composer. She studied at the Portuguese National Conservatoire with the composers Jorge Peixinho and Joly Braga Santos with a scholarship from the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation. In 1988, she attended the State University of New York at Stony Brook, where she studied under Daria Semegen and Bulent Arel, with support from the Gulbenkian, Luso-American Foundation and Fulbright Foundations in order to complete the university's master's and doctoral programmes. 
During her studies in Stony Brook, she began working with electronic material in her cycle "Metamorphoses", which includes the work "Quadramorphosis" for four percussionists and electronics, and the series "Anamorphoses", which includes a number of pieces with electronics. Her music has been performed in Portugal, Spain, France, Italy, Hungary, Austria, Switzerland, Poland, Hong Kong, Macau, Argentina, Brazil, Cuba and the United States of America. She currently teaches composition and musical analysis in the Department of Communication and Art at the University of Aveiro.
Main works:

</doc>
<doc id="5974509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974509" title="History of A.S. Atletico Calcio">
History of A.S. Atletico Calcio

The history of Associazione Sportiva Atletico Calcio has covered 45 years of the football from the club based in Cagliari and Villasor, Sardinia. It was a professional Italian football club, founded in 1963. Since 2008 the club is definitely excluded from Italian football.
From 1963 to 2008.
Associazione Sportiva Atletico Calcio was founded in 1963 as Atletico Cagliari and was renamed before "Atletico Sirio" in 1996 and again "Atletico Elmas" in 1998. Only in the summer 2002 it was renamed with the last denomination. 
The team has played 10 seasons in Serie D: from 1996-97 to 1999-2000 and from 2001-02 to 2006-07 when it was relegated to Eccellenza.
In the summer 2008, after its 11th place in Eccellenza Sardinia, "Atletico Elmas" merged with Decimese Aurora & Decimo founding A.S.D. Atletico Decimomannu and so it was dissolved.
Colors and badge.
Its colors were white, yellow and green.
Stadium.
It played at the Stadio San Biagio Villasor in Villasor, which has a capacity of 1,200.
From 2008 to today.
After two seasons from 2008 to 2010 in Eccellenza Sardinia, in the summer 2010 "A.S.D. Atletico Decimomannu" was merged with "Polisportiva Elmas Elmas" (club of Prima Categoria Sardinia) founding A.S.D. Atletico Elmas. 
In the summer 2012, after a 15th place, it didn't join 2012-13 Eccellenza and was relegated to Promozione.

</doc>
<doc id="5974510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974510" title="Mercy Ministries">
Mercy Ministries

Mercy Ministries is an international, Christian and charitable organization that offers a six-month residential program for young women aged between 13 and 28 who struggle with various "life controlling" issues such as eating disorders, depression, self-harm, abuse issues, and drug and alcohol addictions.
Mercy Ministries take a pro-life and anti-gay stance in their faith-based approach, and as such, extend their program to offer women with unplanned pregnancies with alternatives to abortion, as well as treat women who identify as lesbian or who have sexual identity issues. In 2010, Mercy Ministries extended their program to work with victims of sex trafficking.
History and locations.
Mercy Ministries was founded in 1983 by Nancy Alcorn.
Nancy Alcorn had previously worked for eight years as an athletic director at the Tennessee Department of Corrections, a correctional facility for juvenile delinquent girls, then moved on to supervise foster-care placements, working with the Emergency Child Protective Services unit investigating cases of abuse and neglect. She then moved on to a Director of Women role at the Nashville Teen Challenge program for two years. Alcorn opened the first Mercy Ministries home in West Monroe In 1983 (which until 1987 was better-known as "Covenant Ministries"). A second home was opened in Nashville in 1996 followed by new corporate headquarters in 2001.
Mercy Ministries went international in 2001, opening two facilities Australia followed by further homes in the United Kingdom in 2006, New Zealand in 2007 and Canada in 2010. Following controversy and widely publicized abuse scandals, they announced the closure of the Australian homes. The Sunshine Coast facility closed in June 2008 followed by the Sydney home in October 2009.
Mercy Ministries also opened homes in St Louis, Missouri and Sacramento, California in 2005 and 2009 respectively. To date, Mercy Ministries has disclosed anticipated homes to be opened in Washington, D.C., North Carolina, Los Angeles, Florida, Vietnam, Peru and South Africa.
Ethos.
While the Mercy Ministries website states they are a non-denominational Christian organization, Mercy Ministries are also considered to be evangelical, charismatic and fundamentalist, both as an organization and in their approach to treatment.
The Mercy Ministries website states that the founder, Nancy Alcorn, established the following three financial principles for the program:
Funding.
According to the three guiding principles that founder Nancy Alcorn established, the Mercy Ministries website states that they do not accept government funding, and as such, are supported solely by donations from individuals, organizations and other ministries.
With regard to fund raising events, Mercy Ministries host gala dinners, Christmas donation drives and running marathons throughout the year, and invite visitors to their website to donate by becoming a financial partner or "sponsoring" a girl.
Mercy Ministries also sell resources to raise funds such as books and sermons by founder Nancy Alcorn, as well as an audio bible featuring the voices of Christian celebrities and testimonies of Mercy Ministries graduates.
In spite of Mercy Ministries principles of not accepting government funding and providing their program free of charge to their clients, Mercy Ministries Australia was investigated by the Australian Competition & Consumer Commission (ACCC) and found to be in breach of the Trade Practices Act 1997 and guilty of "false and misleading advertising" of their services, including advertising that their program was free of charge when their clients were in fact required to sign over their government welfare benefits. The former directors were required to issue a written apology as well as undertake to partially compensate the former residents from whom they took monies.
Program structure and content.
Individual counseling curriculum.
Mercy Ministries state that their counseling curriculum "combines biblical principles of healing and unconditional love with best-practice clinical interventions".
According to their website, Mercy Ministries' current counseling curriculum is called "Choices That Bring Change" and deals with key components "Commitment to Christ", "Choosing to Forgive", "Renewing the Mind", "Generational Patterns", "Healing Life Hurts", "Freedom From Oppression" and "Principles for Life-long Success".
This curriculum was said to have "replaced" "Restoring the Foundations" in 2009 by one media source, and in another, was said to have been "renamed" Choices That Bring Change. This change occurred in June 2008, following revelations that "Restoring the Foundations" involved the practice of exorcism/demonic deliverance. However, as of October 27, 2012, the Mercy Ministries of America website states that "Mercy Ministries does not perform or endorse exorcisms as part of its treatment curriculum".
Modules of Restoring the Foundations, used by Mercy Ministries until June 2008, included "salvation", "forgiveness", "godly/ungodly beliefs", "generational curses", "soul/spirit hurts" and "demonic oppression".
Group counseling.
Group counseling consists of working through resources such as "The Bait of Satan" by John Bevere, "Boundaries" and "Safe People" by Henry Cloud and John Townsend and "The Battlefield of the Mind" by Joyce Meyer.
Program structure.
In addition to individual and group counseling, other aspects of the Mercy Ministries program include praise and worship, bible reading, listening to sermons and Christian teachings (both during scheduled class times as well as for prescribed counseling homework), cooking, cleaning and recreational time.
During class time, residents are taught from preachers such as Beth Moore, Priscilla Shirer, Jordan Rubin, Joyce Meyer, Andy Stanley, Louie Giglio and Dave Ramsey.
The Mercy Ministries website states that they also facilitate "life-skills training", "nutritional care" and "financial management instruction".
Controversy.
Since early 2008, Mercy Ministries have attracted considerable media attention in Australia, followed by the United States and the United Kingdom, drawing criticism of their employment of unqualified staff, overall medical negligence, and the use of demonic deliverance in their approach to treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="5974513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974513" title="Ian Jones (rugby union)">
Ian Jones (rugby union)

Ian Donald Jones MNZM (born 17 April 1967 in Whangarei) is a former New Zealand rugby union player. He played 79 tests for the All Blacks and is the most capped lock and formed one of the most famous lock pairings in international rugby, often partnered with Robin Brooke in the All Blacks from 1992 to 1998. What Jones lacked in size he more than made up for in skill, Jones was picked over physically intimidating locks such as Mark Cooksley who was the tallest All Black ever. Jones made his All Black debut Saturday, 16 June 1990 v Scotland at Dunedin. At the time he was 23 years, 60 days old.
Jones had an impressive start with a try on debut. Coincidentally six years later Jones played his 50th test, again at Carisbrook and again with Scotland the opponent. He scored at virtually the same exact spot in the stadium as he did six years before. Throughout his impressive career Jones was renowned for his ability in line-outs. Jones is one of the few players to have topped a century (100) matches for the All Blacks.
In the Super 12 Jones made 38 appearances, often as captain, for the Chiefs between 1996 and 1999. Amazingly for a lock he once scored three tries in a match, against the Waratahs in 1996. In 1998 he was handed a lengthy suspension after a stomping incident involving the Hurricanes' Jason O'Halloran.
Jones started his career with Northland in 1988 as a string bean 20 year old lock who was tipped for big things back then. He picked up the nickname "Kamo" after his home town just north of Whangarei in New Zealand's Northland region.
In total Jones played 105 matches for the All Blacks including 79 tests. Jones was named captain for one match. Jones scored a total of 14 tries in All Blacks matches with nine of those in test matches.
Jones now works as a television rugby commentator for Sky Sports.
In the New Year Honours 2010, Jones was appointed Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to rugby.

</doc>
<doc id="5974518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974518" title="Terrell Independent School District">
Terrell Independent School District

Terrell Independent School District is a public school district based in Terrell, Texas, United States.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
School uniforms.
All TISD students are required to wear school uniforms [http://terrellisd.com/StudentDressCode.htm].
Schools.
Alternative Campuses

</doc>
<doc id="5974525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974525" title="Rebecca Alban Hoffberger">
Rebecca Alban Hoffberger

Rebecca Alban Hoffberger (born September 25, 1952, Baltimore, Maryland) is the founder and director of the American Visionary Art Museum, America's official national museum for outsider art, located in Baltimore, Maryland. A colorful public figure, she has been called “the P. T. Barnum of the outsider art world“.
Biography.
Rebecca Alban Hoffberger was born in a “leafy middle-class suburb” of Baltimore, Maryland to Allen, a mechanical engineer, and Peggy Alban, a homemaker. As a child, she suffered a bout with rheumatic fever which left her with painful episodes in her legs and periodic paralysis. "During these periods of illness, Hoffberger found Robert Louis Stevenson’s "A Child’s Garden of Verses" particularly comforting and therapeutic. She also enjoyed more macabre literature, however, and was drawn to fellow-Baltimorean Edgar Allan Poe at an early age." At age 16, she was accepted to college but turned down the offer to study with the celebrated French mime Marcel Marceau in Paris, becoming the first American ever to do so. In a 2013 Baltimore Magazine article, Hoffberger said, “My parents wanted me to stay in Baltimore and learn to be a secretary or have a practical fallback, but they were very accepting.” While living in Paris, she met and married a ballet dancer who would become her first husband, and after moving back to the United States, gave birth to a daughter, Belina. Hoffberger worked as a development consultant to both a literary society and a ballet company, as well as holding a position at the Boulder Free School in Colorado before eventually moving to Mexico with her daughter. While in Mexico, she met and married her second husband, Andrija Puharich, a notable physician and parapsychologist who was studying traditional healing practices. (Puharich is perhaps best known for bringing Israeli psychic Uri Geller to the United States.) Hoffberger spent three years with Puharich helping to deliver babies in remote mountain areas in the state of Morelos, and although this marriage also ended, it produced Hoffberger’s second daughter, Athena.
After making her way back to Baltimore, Hoffberger began work as the Development Director for Sinai Hospital’s "People Encouraging People," a program which provided support to institutionalized psychiatric patients in facilitating their return to the community. Hoffberger spoke fondly of the patients in a 1995 interview with American Style, "I was so impressed with their imagination. I looked at their strengths, not their illness." It was while working with this program that Hoffberger began to develop the idea for a “visionary” museum, the idea which eventually blossomed into the American Visionary Art Museum, or “AVAM.”
Development of the museum.
After working with patients at Sinai Hospital’s “People Encouraging People” program, Hoffberger became focused on developing her idea of a "visionary museum”—a facility that would specialize in showcasing the work of self-taught, "visionary" artists, and serve as an education center that emphasized intuitive, creative invention. While developing the idea for the museum, Hoffberger visited Jean DuBuffet’s Collection de l’Art Brut in Lausanne, Switzerland, accompanied by museum co-founder LeRoy E. Hoffberger, a wealthy attorney and heir of a prominent philanthropic Baltimore family. During this visit, Rebecca was greatly impressed by Dubuffet’s use of "non art-speak," along with personal artist bios that emphasized the simple facts of the artists' lives, their creative visions, and the use of the artist’s own words. Upon returning to Baltimore, Hoffberger collaborated with the George Ciscle Gallery in Baltimore to mount two successful shows, the first of which featured matchstick artist Gerald Hawkes.
In February 1989, the American Visionary Art Museum (AVAM) was incorporated as a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. The City of Baltimore offered the organization exclusive development rights on the property located at 800 Key Highway—formerly the 1913 offices to the Baltimore Copper Paint Company and an adjacent historic whiskey warehouse—contingent on design, neighborhood approval and obtaining full project funding. Hoffberger began fundraising efforts and received an initial $250,000 planning grant from USF&G, soon followed by a cumulative $2.4 million challenge grant from the Zanvyl & Isabelle Krieger Foundation, matched by many generous private and public grants, along with $1.3 million in bonds issued by The State of Maryland to finance the construction. Otto Billig, M.D. and Edward Adamson (the first proponent of art therapy in Britain) each gifted their important research archives and library collections to AVAM (Billig gifted the museum 400 pieces of art created by mental patients). This same year, Rebecca and LeRoy Hoffberger were married. In 1992, additional contributions for the museum came from The Body Shop founder Anita Roddick and Gordon Roddick. In 1995, LeRoy sold his collection of German Expressionist art via Christie’s to top off final monies needed for the museum, a gift that would ensure that the museum could open debt-free.
On November 24, 1995, the American Visionary Art Museum opened to the public. In her inaugural address, Hoffberger stated that “...the American Visionary Art Museum opens its doors of perception not in an effort to make war on academic or institutionalized learning, but to create a place where the best of self-taught, intuitive contributions of all kinds will be duly recognized, explored, and then championed in a clear strong voice." This statement is echoed in the museum’s Seven Education Goals, penned by Hoffberger, which serve as part of the museum’s mission to function as an education center for “visionary art.” These goals were also adopted by The Lower East Side Girls Club when it was founded in 1996.
AVAM’s Seven Educational Goals:.
Today, the museum is known internationally and welcomes over 100,000 visitors annually. In a 2012 article for Maryland Life Magazine, Donya Curie wrote “...in a world where the average earned income—money taken in directly through admission prices and rental fees for weddings, etc.—for an art museum is 29 percent, AVAM reached an all-time record of 72 percent in 2011. “It’s just about unheard of,” Hoffberger says proudly." In the same article, Hoffberger also said, “I think a good museum does more than just have objects that stand there on pedestals. The great ones are all muse-based, connecting viewers to the heart of inspiration." In a 2013 NEA Arts Magazine interview, she remarked, "Visionaries perceive potential and creative relationships where most of us don't. Without visionaries' willingness to be called fools, to make mistakes, to be wrong, few new 'right' things would ever be birthed.”
Awards and accolades.
In 1998, Hoffberger was elected and served as a member of the Baltimore City Chamber of Commerce. The previous year, she won The Urban Land Institute’s coveted National Award for Excellence, and in 1996, she received the prestigious Gold Meir Award from Israel Bonds. In addition to Honorary Doctorates from McDaniel College, Pennsylvania College of Art and Design, Stevenson University, and Maryland Institute College of Art, Hoffberger was awarded the title of “Dame” for her work on behalf of establishing medical field hospitals in Nigeria. She has been the recipient of numerous mental health advocacy and equal opportunity awards and has served as a Director of Jewish Education and on the Board of The Elisabeth Kubler-Ross Center, and has also been a featured speaker at many events, including 2009‘s TEDxMidAtlantic.
Criticism.
At the time of the museum’s 1995 opening, it was reported that Hoffberger’s rejection of academic scholarship and her refusal to follow tradition had upset prominent members of the art world. Hoffman is known as a renegade in the art world, assuming a posture of self-conscious eccentricity. But she has been criticized for her lack of interest in conventional art history and conventional museum practices. (For example, she refuses to hire a professional art curator.) A 2000 article in the "New York Times" quoted an art authority who referred to her as “a self-aggrandizing dilettante rather than a serious champion of the works her museum exhibits”.
Despite all this, the museum has won the support of collectors, critics, and the public through its exhibitions that examine the relationship of art to the human condition rather than to the canon of art history. Since its inception, Hoffberger has shied away from certain conventional museum practices, something which is a point of pride for the museum. Instead of hiring a professional art curator, she prefers to use guest curators for each of the museum’s exhibitions, which instead of focusing on the work of just one artist, are thematic in nature.

</doc>
<doc id="5974533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974533" title="Robbie Stockdale">
Robbie Stockdale

Robert Keith "Robbie" Stockdale (born 30 November 1979 in Redcar, North Yorkshire) is an English-born Scottish former professional footballer and youth team coach of Premier League side Sunderland.
As a player he was a defender from 1997 to 2012. He notably played Premier League football for Middlesbrough having also appeared as a professional for Sheffield Wednesday, West Ham United, Rotherham United, Hull City, Darlington and Tranmere Rovers before joining Grimsby Town in 2008. Stockdale has five international caps to his name whilst representing the Scotland national football team. In 2010 he mixed his playing duties with a new role as Grimsby's youth team manager, a position he held until moving to Sunderland in 2012.
Club career.
Middlesbrough.
Stockdale began his career at Middlesbrough in 1997 after breaking from its youth system, however this was playing as a striker where he scored two goals in 35 appearances against Watford and Chelsea, but the Middlesbrough team had no space for strikers with the likes of Alen Bokšić, Hamilton Ricard and Brian Deane in the senior squad. Stockdale was thus converted to a right back and made over 50 Premier League appearances as well as earning five international caps for Scotland. He had several loan spells during his time at Middlesbrough, to clubs such as Sheffield Wednesday and West Ham United.
Rotherham United.
In 2004, Stockdale moved to Rotherham United after a successful loan spell in which he scored once against Burnley. He became an integral part of their defence, but the club and manager Ronnie Moore could not keep hold of Stockdale and several months later, midway through the 2004–05 season he left Rotherham to move to another part of Yorkshire.
Hull City.
Stockdale signed for League One side Hull City and played out the season at the KC Stadium, but after the end of the league campaign he lost his place in the squad. After a troubled 2005–06 season when he failed to make a league appearance for Hull.
Tranmere Rovers.
Stockdale was signed on a two-year contract by his former Rotherham boss Ronnie Moore for Tranmere Rovers in a £100,000 deal which also brought Kevin Ellison to the club. He made 35 league appearances during his debut season of 2006–07. Stockdale continued to be first choice at right back during the 2007/08 season, but was released by the club at the end of the campaign.
Grimsby Town.
Stockdale signed a two-year deal with Grimsby Town under Alan Buckley in June 2008 and was the first new signing for The Mariners in for the 2008–2009 campaign. He made his debut on 19 July in a pre-season friendly against Oldham Athletic at Blundell Park, and went on to score his first goal in a 2–1 defeat to Morecambe in the FA Cup. By this time Grimsby were under new stewardship following the sacking of Buckley in September 2008, with the club bringing in Mike Newell as his replacement. Following an injury spell in mid season, Stockdale remained on the sidelines for several months while his position was covered by Jamie Clarke. He managed a return to the first team in the closing months of the season and cemented his place at right back, eventually helping The Mariners stave off the threat of relegation from the Football League. During the 2009–2010 season Stockdale suffed a hernia injury that kept him sidelined again for several months and would only see him compete 9 times during that season in which right sided attacking midfielder Peter Bore was deployed as the club's first choice right back which would eventually see him be awarded the "Fans Player of the Season". Grimsby suffered relegation from the Football League in May 2010 and a month later Stockdale signed a new contract to keep him at Blundell Park for a further season but in the contract was the introduction of Stockdale as the new youth team manager as well as continuing to make himself available for selection as a player. Grimsby manager Neil Woods handed Stockdale the number 39 shirt for the 2010–2011 Conference National season as cover for Bore and Bradley Wood. On 18 January 2011 Stockdale played his first competitive match in 18 months when he was called upon to start in the 2–1 home win over Kettering Town, the game would be his final competitive match.
On 5 August 2011 he came on as a substitute in Town's pre-season friendly away at Brigg Town
International career.
Although initially representing England at U21 level, Stockdale earned several call-ups to the Scotland team in 2002 whilst a Premier League regular for Middlesbrough. He was handed his Scotland debut by Berti Vogts in a 2–1 home defeat against Nigeria on 17 April 2002. In that same year he also played in defeats against Denmark, South Korea and South Africa as well as a 4–0 victory over Hong Kong.
Coaching career.
Grimsby Town.
In June 2010 Stockdale signed a new deal with The Mariners, which also included he became the club's youth team manager as well as staying on as a player. The club had not appointed a new youth team boss since promoting Neil Woods to first team manager following the sacking of Mike Newell in November 2009. Stockdale was kept on the playing records as well for the 2010–2011 season and was handed a squad number to be used as cover for Peter Bore, Bradley Wood and Dwayne Samuels who were the club's other contracted players who are capable of playing in Stockdale's position.
On 4 March 2011 it was announced that Stockdale and assistant manager Dave Moore would take caretaker control of the first team for the home tie with AFC Wimbledon on 5 March, following the sacking of Neil Woods. The game ended in a 2–1 victory for The Mariners in what was Moore's first managerial match in fifteen years and Stockdale's first ever game as a manager.
On 23 March 2011, Stockdale and Moore relinquished managerial duties to the newly appointed duo of Paul Hurst and Rob Scott following 2 victories, 1 draw and 1 defeat. Stockdale continued to manage the youth team at the club until stepping down on 29 August 2012.
Sunderland.
On 29 August 2012 Stockdale became a youth team coach of Premier League side Sunderland, in return Sunderland offered to take their first team squad for a pre-season friendly at Grimsby for the following summer . ON 22 September 2013 Stockdale was appointed caretaker assistant manager to Kevin Ball following the sacking of manager Paolo Di Canio.

</doc>
<doc id="5974534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974534" title="F.B.C. Calangianus 1905">
F.B.C. Calangianus 1905

Foot-Ball Club Calangianus 1905 is an Italian association football club located in Calangianus, Sardinia. They currently play in Eccellenza Sardinia and wear red and yellow.

</doc>
<doc id="5974537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974537" title="Tom Roach (footballer)">
Tom Roach (footballer)

Thomas "Tom" Roach (born 2 September 1985) is an Australian rules footballer formerly in the Australian Football League.
Roach is the son of former Richmond champion Michael Roach and was drafted to the Richmond Football Club at pick 37 in the 2003 AFL Draft under the father-son rule. He was delisted by the Richmond Football Club at the end of the 2006 season.
Roach, an on-baller, managed eight games in 2004, his debut season, but played just one game in 2005, mostly playing in the VFL with Richmond's affiliate Coburg. Despite solid form, he struggled to push for selection and managed just two senior games for the 2006 season, both against the West Coast Eagles. In these two games, he collected a total of fourteen possessions - 9 in Round 3, and 5 in Round 22. These two games took his career total of games to 11, as at the end of the 2006 season. In these 11 games, he has had a total of 80 possessions.
At Richmond, Thomas wore the no. 8 guernsey of his legendary father for the 2005 and 2006 seasons. The Tigers had hoped for his potential to develop, but after he had struggled to win a place in the senior side in 2006, they decided to delist him.
Thomas Roach grew up in Richmond, Victoria and played for Richmond Junior Football Club; he was the first and only AFL player to play for RJFC.[http://www.richmondjfc.com.au]
Roach played the 2007 season for the North Ballarat Football Club in the VFL.
He is currently playing football for the Swan Districts Football Club in the WAFL and is a teacher during the day

</doc>
<doc id="5974549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974549" title="The Curse on the Chosen">
The Curse on the Chosen

The Curse on the Chosen is the second book in Ian Irvine's "The Song of the Tears" trilogy.
Official Synopsis.
The allies are trapped on Mistmurk Mountain and the God-Emperor guards every way of escape. There's only one chance for freedom: for demure little Maelys to confess to a crime she has not committed, though if she does it will turn all her friends against her.
And even if they can flee through the perilous shadow realm, the God-Emperor's armies will hunt them to the ends of the world. Nish, Flydd and Maelys have no choice but to venture to the Tower of a Thousand Steps, on the frozen Isle of Noom. There they must seek aid from the implacable sorcerer who controlled the world for an unknown but terrible purpose for one hundred and fifty years – the Numinator.
But on that tragic journey they will uncover a greater and more deadly secret, a folly that has been shaping life and death in the Three Worlds for more than three thousand years, and now threatens to consume them all.

</doc>
<doc id="5974556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974556" title="Eustace Independent School District">
Eustace Independent School District

Eustace Independent School District is a public school district based in Eustace, Texas (United States).
In addition to Eustace, the district serves the cities of Log Cabin, Payne Springs, and Enchanted Oaks and extends into southern Van Zandt County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Band.
The Eustace High School Band, or "The Rhythm Machine on 316" (a reference to Texas Farm to Market Road 316, on which the school is located), is a first-class program at Eustace High School. Under the direction of Todd Felty and Crystal Heidle . The band has had many talented players, many of which have made the ATSSB all-region, area, and all-state bands. The band is most well known for its marching. It has been awarded a division one marching grade in 2004, 2006, 2010 and 2013. The division one grade enables the band to go to the area marching band contest. Their 2013 season started out really well earning a 1st division at the mesquite marching festival for the first time in about 15 years, the band also received a first division and third place at the CCMF festival , and also earned a first division at UIL & advanced to area that year

</doc>
<doc id="5974564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974564" title="U.S.C. Colognese">
U.S.C. Colognese

Unione Sportiva Calcio Colognese is an Italian association football club located in Cologno al Serio, Lombardy. It currently plays in Eccellenza.
History.
The club was founded in 1964.
In the season 2011-12 it was relegated to Eccellenza.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are yellow and green.

</doc>
<doc id="5974584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974584" title="Charles Joseph Alleyn">
Charles Joseph Alleyn

Charles Joseph Alleyn (September 19, 1817 – April 4, 1890) was a Quebec lawyer and political figure.
He was born in County Cork, Ireland in 1817 and studied at Clongowes Wood College. Alleyn came to Lower Canada with his family around 1837. He was called to the bar in 1840. He supported the annexation movement in Quebec. He served on the city council for Quebec City from 1851 to 1857, serving as mayor in 1854. In 1854, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Quebec City. He supported the abolition of siegeurial tenure, an elected Legislative Council and separate schools. He served on the Executive Council as Commissioner of Public Works from 1857 to 1858 and secretary for Canada East from 1858 to 1862. In 1866, he resigned from politics to accept an appointment as sheriff for the district of Quebec; he served in this post until his death in Quebec City in 1890.
His brother Richard served in the Quebec legislative assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="5974598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974598" title="Helsinki Cup">
Helsinki Cup

The Helsinki Cup is an international youth football tournament, held each year in Helsinki, Finland during June/July. It was held for the first time in 1976.
Helsinki Cup 2008.
The 33rd Helsinki Cup 2008 International Youth Football Tournament will be from 6 to 12 July 2008. Participants in the competition are expected from around 20 different countries such as Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Belarus, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, England, Estonia, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Malta, Mexico, Namibia, the Philippines, Portugal, Russia, Scotland, Spain, Tanzania, Turkey, Ukraine, USA and of course from all the Nordic countries. There will be sixteen classes in the
tournament, eight for the boys and eight for the girls. A total of some 850 teams is expected to take part in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5974599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974599" title="Brownsboro Independent School District">
Brownsboro Independent School District

Brownsboro Independent School District is a public school district based in Brownsboro, Texas (USA).
In addition to Brownsboro, the district serves the cities of Chandler, Coffee City, and Moore Station in northeastern Henderson County.
In 2010, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5974605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974605" title="A.C. Fanfulla 1874">
A.C. Fanfulla 1874

Associazione Calcio Fanfulla 1874 is an Italian association football club located in Lodi, Lombardy. The club name comes from Bartolomeo Fanfulla from Lodi, one of 13 Italian knights who defeated the French in the challenge of Barletta in 1503. For this reason the Lodi team is also called "Guerriero" (warrior in Italian) by its supporters.
In 1974 the club was awarded the Gold Star for sports merits.
Fanfulla, one of the oldest football and sports clubs in Italy, was founded on 18 October 1874 as a multisports club under the denomination "Società Lodigiana di Ginnastica e Scherma" (Lodi club of gymnastics and fencing), and its football department was founded in 1908. Fanfulla played 13 Serie B leagues during the 1940s and the 1950s, and now plays in Eccellenza. Its colors are black and white.

</doc>
<doc id="5974613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974613" title="Luv'd Ones">
Luv'd Ones

The Luv'd Ones were an all-female rock group of the 60s.
Char Vinnedge's career as lead guitarist / singer began in the early 1960s with her all-girl group The Tremolons, in which she initially played all instrumentals and recorded a single on Wildwood Records (Benton Harbor, MI) for Komotion Music that contained: "Please Let Me Know" (w/vocals) and "Theme For A DJ" (instrumental). About a year later, they signed a record deal with Dunwich Records, changed their name to The Luv'd Ones, and released several more singles over a five-year period, mostly writtren by Char Vinnedge. The band broke up in 1969.
After Luv'd Ones, Vinnedge founded the group Syrup. In 1971, she recorded an album, Nitro Function, with Billy Cox, the bass player for Jimi Hendrix. The group was signed to Pye Records in 1971.
In the late 1990s the "LUV'D ONES" signed a 5 year deal with Sundazed Records, and in 1999 they released all of the LUV'D ONES' Dunwich Records singles and a large collection of THE LUV'D ONES' demos on the album TRUTH GOTTA STAND, and at the same time released a for song EP of the "TREMOLONS" music. The project was started in 1997, but Vinnedge died of a heart attack in December of that same year. In 2005, after the deal with Sundazed Records, Rhino Records signed the "Luv'd Ones" for the single "Up Down Sue" and released it on a 4-CD box set compilation called Girl Group Sounds.

</doc>
<doc id="5974616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974616" title="Dora Boothby">
Dora Boothby

Penelope Dora Harvey Boothby (2 August 1881 – 22 February 1970) was a former English female tennis player. She was born in Finchley, Middlesex. She is best remembered for her ladies' singles title at the 1909 Wimbledon Championships.
Biography.
Boothby was born in Finchley and, together with her older sister Gertrude, lived there with her step-parents, Harry and Gertrude Penn. Harry was a civil engineer, and by 1901, they had moved to South Norwood, where she played at Beulah Hill Club, and during the winter months, she played badminton.
In 1908 she won a silver medal in the women's singles event at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
In 1909 when she won the Ladies' Singles at Wimbledon, the runner-up of the Men's Singles, Josiah Ritchie, was also living in Norwood. Additionally that year she won the singles title of the British Covered Court Championships, played on wood courts at the Queen's Club in London, after defeating Madeline O’Neill in the final in straight sets.
In 1911 she became the first female player to lose a Wimbledon final without winning a game, losing to Dorothea Douglass Lambert Chambers 6–0, 6–0.
In 1914 she married Arthur C.Geen.
She died in Hammersmith or Hampstead, London in 1970.
Grand Slam finals.
Singles.
1This was actually the all-comers final as Charlotte Cooper Sterry did not defend her 1908 Wimbledon title, which resulted in the winner of the all-comers final winning the challenge round and, thus, Wimbledon in 1909 by walkover.

</doc>
<doc id="5974619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974619" title="George Albee">
George Albee

George Wilson Albee (December 20, 1921 – July 8, 2006) was a pioneer in clinical psychology, who believed societal factors were the major cause of mental illness. He was one of the leading figures in the development of community psychology.
Career.
Albee was born in St. Marys, Pennsylvania, he attended Bethany College and graduated in 1943. He was drafted into the Army Air Forces until the end of World War II.
After leaving the forces he attended the University of Pittsburgh where he attained his Masters and Doctorate degrees. Having received his doctorate in 1949 he spent the next two years in a research appointment at Western Psychiatric Institute. From 1951 to 1953 Albee worked for the Central Office of the American Psychological Association (APA).
In 1953 Albee went to Finland for a year as a Fulbright scholar, before returning to the USA to become a Professor at Case Western Reserve University, a post he held for 16 years. In 1971 Albee left Case Western for a position at the University of Vermont. He remained here until his retirement in 1991. During that time, he married Constance Impallaria,and had 4 kids: Alec, Luke, Maud and Sarah.
During his career Albee was the author of groundbreaking studies in the 50's and 60's, that showed societal factors such as poverty, racism, sexism and child abuse, were to a large degree responsible for mental illness. He believed the psychological profession needed to focus more on prevention, rather than one to one treatment. After his retirement Albee spent time travelling around the world giving lectures on psychology as well as writing a humor column for his local newspaper the Longboat Observer.
From 1969-70 Albee was the president of the APA. During his tenure he negotiated conflicts between the mainstream of psychology and the demands of Black and female psychologists.
He was the author of more than 200 articles and book chapters on community approaches to mental illness, as well as writing more than a dozen books.
Albee died in Longboat Key, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5974627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974627" title="Nerone (Mascagni)">
Nerone (Mascagni)

Nerone ("Nero") is an opera in three acts by Pietro Mascagni from a libretto by Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti, based on the play "Nerone" by Pietro Cossa. Most of Mascagni's music was drawn from a failed project "Vistilia" (from 1907) - the music made to 'fit' a wholly unconnected liberetto.
It received its first performance on 16 January 1935 at La Scala, Milan which was conducted by Mascagni himself.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="5974631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974631" title="Harriet Wadeson">
Harriet Wadeson

Harriet Claire Wadeson, Ph.D., LCSW, ATR-BC, HLM, is a pioneer in the art therapy profession, as well as an accomplished author, researcher, and educator, who established and directed the Art Therapy Graduate Program at the University of Illinois at Chicago and the Art Therapy Certificate Program at Northwestern University where she teaches currently. She is the author of 8 books on art therapy and over 70 articles in professional journals. She is an international guest lecturer, and educator who has presented papers, led professional delegations, and conducted workshops in 14 countries throughout Europe and Asia.
Wadeson is an Honorary Life Member (HLM) of the American Art Therapy Association, the profession's highest honor, and has won numerous awards, including a first prize for art from the Smithsonian Institute, a Distinguished Faculty award from Northwestern University, a first prize for research from the American Art Therapy Association, the Benjamin Rush Bronze Medal Award from the American Psychiatric Association, and a Resolution of Commendation from the Illinois State Legislature. In addition to holding many offices on the American Art Therapy Association Executive Board, she has been Associate Editor of Art Therapy, Journal of the American Art Therapy Association.
Education, Training, and Career.
Wadeson graduated from Cornell University where she studied psychology. She began taking courses at the Washington School of Psychiatry, American University and Catholic University when she met Hanna Kwiatkowska who opened her eyes to a world of art therapy. Kwiatkowska originated family art therapy and offered to train Wadeson at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH). At this time, there were no master’s degree programs in art therapy. Wadeson began working at NIMH in 1961 by conducting art therapy with adolescent groups. Her first publication was about this experience. For eight years, Wadeson worked with patients with affective disorders, including mania, psychotic depression, and suicide risk. During this time, Wadeson was the only female and non-MD on the project's research team. She won the Benjamin Rush Award for Scientific Exhibits from the American Psychiatric Association for her exhibit, “Portraits of Suicide.” Subsequently, she worked with people who suffered from schizophrenia and received no medication. After spending thirteen years at NIMH, Wadeson had published twenty-nine articles, primarily in psychiatric journals.
Wadeson began working on her master’s degree in psychology and art therapy from Goddard College. She then pursued her Masters of Social Work (MSW) at Catholic University. She was able to graduate in one year from Catholic University due to her vast amount of publications. While at NIMH, she taught art therapy at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Foundation for Advanced Education in the Sciences and at Montgomery Community College.
Wadeson left NIMH, expanded her private practice, and began work on her Ph.D. at Union Institute. Her dissertation, "Art Psychotherapy," was one of the first books in the field, and has currently sold 24,000 copies.
In 1978, Wadeson began teaching at the University of Houston, where she became director of its Art Therapy Graduate Program. In 1980, she was recruited by the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC). where she directed the Art Therapy Graduate Program for 23 years. One of Wadeson’s biggest contributions at the University of Illinois at Chicago was the “Annual Summer Institute”, which was held at Lake Geneva, WI. This program continued for 20 years. Wadeson developed and currently directs the art therapy program at Northwestern University.
American Art Therapy Association.
Wadeson held various positions in the American Art Therapy Association (AATA), including Publications Chair, Newsletter Editor, Research Chair, Honors Chair, Ethics Chair, and Status of Women Chair, among others, and has been the Associate Editor of the Art Therapy Journal of the American Art Therapy Association. Wadeson was awarded the art therapy profession's highest honor in 1992, Honorary Life Membership (HLM) from the American Art Therapy Association.
Approach.
Wadeson is known for her eclectic approach to art therapy. She believes it is important for art therapists to have a comprehensive knowledge of various human development and sociological theories to be most effective in working in diverse settings. She states that an eclectic approach allows the therapist to be open to possibilities and to use methods that best suit individual clients, groups, and communities. Although, she is eclectic she also describes herself as humanistic, existential, and phenomenological. Nevertheless, she believes it is important for art therapists to develop their own approach based on their life experience.
Publications.
Currently, Wadeson is giving presentations, workshops, and book signings throughout the US and in Europe in connection with her most recent book, "Journaling Cancer in Words and Images, Caught in the Clutch of the Crab," and its emphasis on the use of creative self-expression in facing the challenge of living with cancer. In addition to 8 books, she has published 70 papers in refereed journals and numerous chapters in psychology and art therapy texts. Her books include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5974632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974632" title="The McKameys">
The McKameys

The McKameys is a professional Southern Gospel group based in Clinton, Tennessee, that records on the Horizon Records label.
The McKameys presently consists of Ruben and Peg Bean, Sheryl Farris, Connie Fortner, Roger Fortner, and Eli Fortner.
Group history.
The group first organized in 1954 as a trio of sisters: Dora, Peg and Carol McKamey. Because their father was a Christian minister, the girls grew up singing in church. One day Dora announced to her astonished sisters that they were going to sing with her in church the next Sunday as a trio. "She gathered us up in her kitchen, started singing and we each found our parts," Peg explained. "We just thought we were gonna sing that one time, in her home church, but different people heard us and invited us to sing at their church or at revivals. Then out of town evangelists heard us at the revivals and invited us to come to their church and we started traveling to Florida and Indiana and Ohio, and that's how it all started."
There have been several changes in the group's makeup over the years. In 1957, Ruben Bean started playing guitar for the trio, and he and Peg married two years later. While their daughters, Connie and Sheryl, were growing up they traveled with their mom, dad and aunts when the group was on the road. After Dora and Carol retired from the trio in 1972, Connie and Sheryl stepped in to take over their parts. 
In the mid-1980s, Sheryl left the group to join her husband as a pastor's wife. At that time, Carol returned to the group, now made up of Peg, Connie, Ruben and Carol with Roger Fortner playing guitar.
From late 1988 until mid-1989, Bonnie White replaced Carol until she ultimately returned to the group. The vocal lineup of Connie, Peg, Carol, and Ruben would perform together until April 2009 when Carol Woodard officially retired from full-time travel. Sheryl Farris returned to replace Carol. Since returning, Sheryl & Connie have traded the lead vocal for a change in the vocal lineup for standards like "The Shepherd's Point of View" and "When He Speaks" and "A Hill Worth Dying On."
In 2007, Eli Fortner joined his parents, Roger and Connie, on stage full-time as a guitarist & featured vocalist. Eli's solos appear on every project since their 2005 release, "The Old Path." In 2012, Roger Fortner stepped up to sing a solo, "Unspoken Request." Much to the delight of fans, Roger's first solo captured the #1 spot on the January 2013 Singing News Top 80 Charts and received nominations for Song of the Year in the 2013 Singing News Fan Awards and 2013 NQC Music Awards.
Currently, all members of the McKameys perform at least one song during each program. Whether it's a mixed trio, mixed quartet, or male trio, the McKameys perform a variety of their classics combined with fresh favorites.
Performances Recognition.
On average, the McKameys play approximately 150 bookings annually throughout the United States and Canada. With sixteen #1 singles, the group was honored by Horizon Records in 1999 for having the most number one hits in the history of Southern Gospel Music. Some of the music is written by daughter Sheryl and the remaining songs come from songs sent in the mail or given to them at concerts. The McKameys also hold the record for having the most #1 songs on Singing News magazine's charts.
Discography:
MorningStar Records:
1981 - He Didn't Let Us Down
1982 - By Faith
1983 - Keepsake
1984 - Tennessee Live!
1985 - Fruitful
1986 - Unique
1987 - More Than Music
1988 - Covered by Love
1988 - Gone to Meetin'
1989 - Sing Praises
1990 - Purpose
1991 - Just Thinking
1992 - Visions
Horizon Records:
1992 - With Feeling Live!
1993 - With His Power
1994 - It's Real
1995 - Sheltered
1997 - Still Have a Song
1998 - Remembrance
1998 - Always
2000 - Waiting
2001 - I've Won
2002 - Trophy of Grace
2003 - An Acoustic Journey
2004 - Fresh Manna
2005 - The Old Path
2007 - Telling the Story
2008 - Something More
2009 - The Message
2011 - Joy in the Journey
2012 - Precious Seed
2013 - A Song Every Day
2014 - 50
Radio Singles:
"Burning the Midnight Oil" - #19
"Who Put the Tears (in the Eyes of the Lamb?) - #1 (September 1984)
"Somebody Prayed for Me" - 
"Tarry Here" - #4
"Bring Me out of the Desert" - #5
"The Bride Coming In" - #4
"I'm Going Through" - #10
"Getting Used to the Dark" - #1 (October/November/December 1987)
"No More Sea" - #12
"God on the Mountain" - #1 (November/December 1988; January/February/March 1989)
"Ground Breaking" - #10
"Under His Feet" - #2
"God Will Make This Trial a Blessing" - #1 (January/February 1991)
"Handfuls of Purpose" - #16
"Somehow He Will" - #27
"The Rising of the Son" - #5
"Vision of Heaven" - #35
"Do You Know How It Feels?" - #1 (February/March/April 1993)
"A Borrowed Tomb" - #1 (October 1993)
"Arise" - #1 (June/July/August/September 1994)
"Prayer Changes Me" - #2 
"I'm Going Through, Jesus" - #3
"A Voice Within" - #6
"How Deep Is the Sea?" - #3
"The Old Love Letter" - #3
"Right on Time" - #1 (November 1997)
"This Valley Is for Me" - #3
"A Wall of Prayer" - #3
"Roll That Burden on Me" - #1 (November 1999)
"It Satisfies Me" - #4
"The Blood" - #3
"Even the Valley" - #4
"I've Won" - #1 (November 2001)
"He Calms Me" - #1 (May 2002)
"The Other Side" - #2
"Surely Goodness and the Mercies of the Lord" - #4
"A Trophy of Grace" - #5
"Anytime" - #7
"God Is So Good to Me" - #2
"The Good News" - #1 (June 2005)
"I Am Home" - #1 (December 2005; January 2006)
"I Will Trust You, Lord" - #1 (August 2006)
"Altogether Lovely" - #2
"You're Still God" - #4
"You Are with Me" - #3
"It Takes Time" - #32
"I've Made up My Mind" - #9
"Between Twelve and Thirty-Three" - #1 (November 2009)
"I Keep Praying" - #1 (June 2002)
"The Shepherd's Point of View" - #1 (December 2010)
"Above and Beyond" - #1 (August 2011)
"When Faith Steps In" - #4
"I Made It by Grace" - #4
"Unspoken Request" - #1 (January 2013)
"When He Speaks" - #3
"Hold On" - #11
"A Hill Worth Dying On" - #4
"There Is Jesus" - not yet charting
Singing News ANNUAL Top 40 Charts
1989 - #1 "God on the Mountain"
1994 - #1 "Arise"
2011 - #1 "Above and Beyond"
Awards:
1989 - Female Vocalist of the Year (Peg McKamey Bean)
1990 - Female Vocalist of the Year (Peg McKamey Bean)
1991 - Female Vocalist of the Year (Peg McKamey Bean)
1992 - Female Vocalist of the Year (Peg McKamey Bean)
1993 - Female Vocalist of the Year (Peg McKamey Bean)
1994 - Female Vocalist of the Year (Peg McKamey Bean)
2002 - Female Vocalist of the Year (Peg McKamey Bean)
1989 - Song of the Year ("God on the Mountain"/Tracy Dartt)
1994 - Song of the Year ("Arise"/Roger Ealey)
2003 - Video of the Year ("Hometown Live!")
2001 - Marvin Norcross Award (Ruben Bean)
2012 - Norcross-Templeton Award (Peg McKamey Bean)
Videos/DVDs.
1988 Gone To Meetin’
1989 Sing Praises
1991 On Tour 
1992 With Feeling, Live!
1994 With His Power 
1996 Encourage 
1999 Genuine 
2000 Who We Are 
2001 McKameys Hometown Live (Video of the year 2003 at SN Fan Awards)
2003 Renfro Valley Live (VHS/DVD)
2006 The Old Path Live
2006 Christmas
2008 Something More Live
2011 Journey

</doc>
<doc id="5974635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974635" title="Dorothy Compton">
Dorothy Compton

Dorothy Compton was an American voice actress born in the early 1900s. An early friend of Walt Disney, she made her first acting debut in "The Three Little Pigs" (1933) as the voice of Fifer Pig. From 1933 onward she made more appearances in the next 3 installments of the Three Little Pigs: "The Big Bad Wolf" (1934), "The Three Little Wolves" (1936) and "The Practical Pig" (1939) along with minor appearances in "It's Great to Be Alive" (1933) and "I Married an Angel" (1942)

</doc>
<doc id="5974637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974637" title="Edy Korthals Altes">
Edy Korthals Altes

Edy J. Korthals Altes, (born 5 March 1924 in Vught, Netherlands) studied economics at Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is a former Dutch diplomat, resigned in 1986 from his post as ambassador in Madrid in connection with his public stand on the arms race. He married Deetje Meijer in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="5974650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974650" title="Muriel Robb">
Muriel Robb

Muriel Evelyn Robb (13 May 1878 – 12 February 1907) was an English female tennis player. She is best remembered for her ladies' singles title at the 1902 Wimbledon Championships. She also won the Irish and Scottish singles titles in 1901 and the Welsh singles title in 1899. She attended the Cheltenham Ladies’ College, in Gloucestershire from 1893 to 1897 and was a member of the Jesmond Lawn Tennis Club in Newcastle. From 1899 to 1903 she participated in five Wimbledon Championships and reached at least the quarterfinal on all occasions.
She died of "Lymphadenoma 2 years 4 months” and “Exhaustion and cardiac failure” (death certificate) on 12 February 1907 in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne.
Grand Slam record.
Wimbledon.
This match set a record for the longest women's final. On the first day of play rain stopped play at 4–6, 13–11. It was replayed the next day when Robb won 7–5, 6–1.

</doc>
<doc id="5974656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974656" title="Nir Akiva">
Nir Akiva

Nir Akiva (, "lit." Akiva's Meadow) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev near Netivot and Nir Moshe and covering 1,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 273.
The moshav was established in 1953 on land that had belonged to the village of Kawfakha. It was named after Akiva Etinger, a chief of the Settlement Department in the Jewish Agency. In the late 1970s Amir Peretz was a member of the moshav.

</doc>
<doc id="5974658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974658" title="Agnes Morton">
Agnes Morton

Grand Slam singles finals.
Runners-up (2).
1This was actually the all-comers final as May Sutton Bundy did not defend her 1907 Wimbledon title, which resulted in the winner of the all-comers final winning the challenge round and, thus, Wimbledon in 1908 by walkover.<br>
2This was actually the all-comers final as Charlotte Cooper Sterry did not defend her 1908 Wimbledon title, which resulted in the winner of the all-comers final winning the challenge round and, thus, Wimbledon in 1909 by walkover.

</doc>
<doc id="5974662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974662" title="Relational quantum mechanics">
Relational quantum mechanics

Relational quantum mechanics (RQM) is an interpretation of quantum mechanics which treats the state of a quantum system as being observer-dependent, that is, the state "is" the relation between the observer and the system. This interpretation was first delineated by Carlo Rovelli in a 1994 preprint, and has since been expanded upon by a number of theorists. It is inspired by the key idea behind Special Relativity, that the details of an observation depend on the reference frame of the observer, and uses some ideas from Wheeler on quantum information.
The physical content of the theory is not to do with objects themselves, but the relations between them. As Rovelli puts it: ""Quantum mechanics is a theory about the physical description of physical systems relative to other systems, and this is a complete description of the world"".
The essential idea behind RQM is that different observers may give different accounts of the same series of events: for example, to one observer at a given point in time, a system may be in a single, "collapsed" eigenstate, while to another observer at the same time, it may appear to be in a superposition of two or more states. Consequently, if quantum mechanics is to be a complete theory, RQM argues that the notion of "state" describes not the observed system itself, but the relationship, or correlation, between the system and its observer(s). The state vector of conventional quantum mechanics becomes a description of the correlation of some "degrees of freedom" in the observer, with respect to the observed system. However, it is held by RQM that this applies to all physical objects, whether or not they are conscious or macroscopic (all systems are quantum systems). Any "measurement event" is seen simply as an ordinary physical interaction, an establishment of the sort of correlation discussed above. The proponents of the relational interpretation argue that the approach clears up a number of traditional interpretational difficulties with quantum mechanics, while being simultaneously conceptually elegant and ontologically parsimonious.
History and development.
Relational Quantum Mechanics arose from a historical comparison of the quandaries posed by the interpretation of quantum mechanics with the situation after the Lorentz transformations were formulated but before Special Relativity. Rovelli felt that just as there was an "incorrect assumption" underlying the pre-relativistic interpretation of Lorentz's equations, which was corrected by Einstein's derivation of them from Lorentz covariance and the constancy of the speed of light in all reference frames, so a similarly incorrect assumption underlies many attempts to make sense of the quantum formalism, which was responsible for many of the interpretational difficulties posed by the theory. This incorrect assumption, he said, was that of an observer-independent state of a system, and he laid out the foundations of this interpretation to try to overcome the difficulty.
The idea has been expanded upon by Lee Smolin and Louis Crane, who have both applied the concept to quantum cosmology, and the interpretation has been applied to the EPR paradox, revealing not only a peaceful co-existence between quantum mechanics and Special Relativity, but a formal indication of a completely local character to reality.
David Mermin has contributed to the relational approach in his "Ithaca Interpretation". He describes ""correlations without correlata"", meaning that relations have more concrete existence than the objects being related. Another label that expresses the relational sentiment is ""Zero Worlds Interpretation"", which emphasizes the absence of any description of the underlying reality, while providing a nice counterpoint to the famous Many Worlds Interpretation. The name ""Zero Worlds"" has also been popularized by Garret.
The problem of the observer observed.
This problem was initially discussed in detail in Everett's thesis, "The Theory of the Universal Wavefunction". Consider observer formula_1, measuring the state of the quantum system formula_2. We assume that formula_1 has complete information on the system, and that formula_1 can write down the wavefunction formula_5 describing it. At the same time, there is another observer formula_6, who is interested in the state of the entire formula_1-formula_2 system, and formula_6 likewise has complete information.
To analyse this system formally, we consider a system formula_2 which may take one of two states, which we shall designate formula_11 and formula_12, ket vectors in the Hilbert space formula_13. Now, the observer formula_1 wishes to make a measurement on the system. At time formula_15, this observer may characterize the system as follows:
formula_16
where formula_17 and formula_18 are probabilities of finding the system in the respective states, and obviously add up to 1. For our purposes here, we can assume that in a single experiment, the outcome is the eigenstate formula_19 (but this can be substituted throughout, "mutatis mutandis", by formula_20). So, we may represent the sequence of events in this experiment, with observer formula_1 doing the observing, as follows:
This is observer formula_1's description of the measurement event. Now, any measurement is also a physical interaction between two or more systems. Accordingly, we can consider the tensor product Hilbert space formula_24, where formula_25 is the Hilbert space inhabited by state vectors describing formula_1. If the initial state of formula_1 is formula_28, some degrees of freedom in formula_1 become correlated with the state of formula_2 after the measurement, and this correlation can take one of two values: formula_31 or formula_32 where the direction of the arrows in the subscripts corresponds to the outcome of the measurement that formula_1 has made on formula_2. If we now consider the description of the measurement event by the other observer, formula_6, who describes the combined formula_36 system, but does not interact with it, the following gives the description of the measurement event according to formula_6, from the linearity inherent in the quantum formalism:
Thus, on the assumption (see hypothesis 2 below) that quantum mechanics is complete, the two observers formula_1 and formula_6 give different but equally correct accounts of the events formula_41.
Central principles.
Observer-dependence of state.
According to formula_1, at formula_43, the system formula_2 is in a determinate state, namely spin up. And, if quantum mechanics is complete, then so is his description. But, for formula_6, formula_2 is "not" uniquely determinate, but is rather entangled with the state of formula_1 — note that his description of the situation at formula_43 is not factorisable no matter what basis chosen. But, if quantum mechanics is complete, then the description that formula_6 gives is "also" complete.
Thus the standard mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics allows different observers to give different accounts of the same sequence of events. There are many ways to overcome this perceived difficulty. It could be described as an epistemic limitation — observers with a full knowledge of the system, we might say, could give a complete and equivalent description of the state of affairs, but that obtaining this knowledge is impossible in practice. But whom? What makes formula_1's description better than that of formula_6, or vice versa? Alternatively, we could claim that quantum mechanics is not a complete theory, and that by adding more structure we could arrive at a universal description — the much vilified, and some would even say discredited, hidden variables approach. Yet another option is to give a preferred status to a particular observer or type of observer, and assign the epithet of correctness to their description alone. This has the disadvantage of being "ad hoc", since there are no clearly defined or physically intuitive criteria by which this super-observer ("who can observe all possible sets of observations by all observers over the entire universe") ought to be chosen.
RQM, however, takes the point illustrated by this problem at face value. Instead of trying to modify quantum mechanics to make it fit with prior assumptions that we might have about the world, Rovelli says that we should modify our view of the world to conform to what amounts to our best physical theory of motion. Just as forsaking the notion of absolute simultaneity helped clear up the problems associated with the interpretation of the Lorentz transformations, so many of the conundra associated with quantum mechanics dissolve, provided that the state of a system is assumed to be observer-dependent — like simultaneity in Special Relativity. This insight follows logically from the two main hypotheses which inform this interpretation:
Thus, if a state is to be observer-dependent, then a description of a system would follow the form "system "S" is in state "x" "with reference to" observer "O"" or similar constructions, much like in relativity theory. In RQM it is meaningless to refer to the absolute, observer-independent state of any system.
Information and correlation.
It is generally well established that any quantum mechanical measurement can be reduced to a set of yes/no questions or bits that are either 1 or 0. RQM makes use of this fact to formulate the state of a quantum system (relative to a given observer!) in terms of the physical notion of information developed by Claude Shannon. Any yes/no question can be described as a single bit of information. This should not be confused with the idea of a qubit from quantum information theory, because a qubit can be in a superposition of values, whilst the "questions" of RQM are ordinary binary variables.
Any quantum measurement is fundamentally a physical interaction between the system being measured and some form of measuring apparatus. By extension, any physical interaction may be seen to be a form of quantum measurement, as all systems are seen as quantum systems in RQM. A physical interaction is seen as establishing a correlation between the system and the observer, and this correlation is what is described and predicted by the quantum formalism.
But, Rovelli points out, this form of correlation is precisely the same as the definition of information in Shannon's theory. Specifically, an observer "O" observing a system "S" will, after measurement, have some degrees of freedom correlated with those of "S". The amount of this correlation is given by log2"k" bits, where "k" is the number of possible values which this correlation may take — the number of "options" there are.
All systems are quantum systems.
All physical interactions are, at bottom, quantum interactions, and must ultimately be governed by the same rules. Thus, an interaction between two particles does not, in RQM, differ fundamentally from an interaction between a particle and some "apparatus". There is no true wave collapse, in the sense in which it occurs in the Copenhagen interpretation.
Because "state" is expressed in RQM as the correlation between two systems, there can be no meaning to "self-measurement". If observer formula_1 measures system formula_2, formula_2's "state" is represented as a correlation between formula_1 and formula_2. formula_1 itself cannot say anything with respect to its own "state", because its own "state" is defined only relative to another observer, formula_6. If the formula_36 compound system does not interact with any other systems, then it will possess a clearly defined state relative to formula_6. However, because formula_1's measurement of formula_2 breaks its unitary evolution with respect to formula_1, formula_1 will not be able to give a full description of the formula_36 system (since it can only speak of the correlation between formula_2 and itself, not its own behaviour). A complete description of the formula_67 system can only be given by a further, external observer, and so forth.
Taking the model system discussed above, if formula_6 has full information on the formula_36 system, it will know the Hamiltonians of both formula_2 and formula_1, including the interaction Hamiltonian. Thus, the system will evolve entirely unitarily (without any form of collapse) relative to formula_6, if formula_1 measures formula_2. The only reason that formula_1 will perceive a "collapse" is because formula_1 has incomplete information on the system (specifically, formula_1 does not know its own Hamiltonian, and the interaction Hamiltonian for the measurement).
Consequences and implications.
Coherence.
In our system above, formula_6 may be interested in ascertaining whether or not the state of formula_1 accurately reflects the state of formula_2. We can draw up for formula_6 an operator, formula_82, which is specified as:
with an eigenvalue of 1 meaning that formula_1 indeed accurately reflects the state of formula_2. So there is a 0 probability of formula_1 reflecting the state of formula_2 as being formula_19 if it is in fact formula_20, and so forth. The implication of this is that at time formula_43, formula_6 can predict with certainty that the formula_36 system is in "some" eigenstate of formula_82, but cannot say "which" eigenstate it is in, unless formula_6 itself interacts with the formula_36 system.
An apparent paradox arises when one considers the comparison, between two observers, of the specific outcome of a measurement. In the problem of the observer observed section above, let us imagine that the two experiments want to compare results. It is obvious that if the observer formula_6 has the full Hamiltonians of both formula_2 and formula_1, he will be able to say with certainty "that" at time formula_43, formula_1 has a determinate result for formula_2's spin, but he will not be able to say "what" formula_1's result is without interaction, and hence breaking the unitary evolution of the compound system (because he doesn't know his own Hamiltonian). The distinction between knowing "that" and knowing "what" is a common one in everyday life: everyone knows "that" the weather will be like something tomorrow, but no-one knows exactly "what" the weather will be like.
But, let us imagine that formula_6 measures the spin of formula_2, and finds it to have spin down (and note that nothing in the analysis above precludes this from happening). What happens if he talks to formula_1, and they compare the results of their experiments? formula_1, it will be remembered, measured a spin up on the particle. This would appear to be paradoxical: the two observers, surely, will realise that they have disparate results.
However, this apparent paradox only arises as a result of the question being framed incorrectly: as long as we presuppose an "absolute" or "true" state of the world, this would, indeed, present an insurmountable obstacle for the relational interpretation. However, in a fully relational context, there is no way in which the problem can even be coherently expressed. The consistency inherent in the quantum formalism, exemplified by the "M-operator" defined above, guarantees that there will be no contradictions between records. The interaction between formula_6 and whatever he chooses to measure, be it the formula_36 compound system or formula_1 and formula_2 individually, will be a "physical" interaction, a "quantum" interaction, and so a complete description of it can only be given by a further observer formula_114, who will have a similar "M-operator" guaranteeing coherency, and so on out. In other words, a situation such as that described above cannot violate any "physical observation", as long as the physical content of quantum mechanics is taken to refer only to relations.
Relational networks.
An interesting implication of RQM arises when we consider that interactions between material systems can only occur within the constraints prescribed by Special Relativity, namely within the intersections of the light cones of the systems: when they are spatiotemporally contiguous, in other words. Relativity tells us that objects have location only relative to other objects. By extension, a network of relations could be built up based on the properties of a set of systems, which determines which systems have properties relative to which others, and when (since properties are no longer well defined relative to a specific observer after unitary evolution breaks down for that observer). On the assumption that all interactions are "local" (which is backed up by the analysis of the EPR paradox presented below), one could say that the ideas of "state" and spatiotemporal contiguity are two sides of the same coin: spacetime location determines the possibility of interaction, but interactions determine spatiotemporal structure. The full extent of this relationship, however, has not yet fully been explored.
RQM and quantum cosmology.
The universe is the sum total of all that is in existence. Physically, a (physical) observer outside of the universe would require the breaking of gauge invariance, and a concomitant alteration in the mathematical structure of gauge-invariance theory. Similarly, RQM conceptually forbids the possibility of an external observer. Since the assignment of a quantum state requires at least two "objects" (system and observer), which must both be physical systems, there is no meaning in speaking of the "state" of the entire universe. This is because this state would have to be ascribed to a correlation between the universe and some other physical observer, but this observer in turn would have to form part of the universe, and as was discussed above, it is impossible for an object to give a complete specification of itself. Following the idea of relational networks above, an RQM-oriented cosmology would have to account for the universe as a set of partial systems providing descriptions of one another. The exact nature of such a construction remains an open question.
Relationship with other interpretations.
The only group of interpretations of quantum mechanics with which RQM is almost completely incompatible is that of hidden variables theories. RQM shares some deep similarities with other views, but differs from them all to the extent to which the other interpretations do not accord with the "relational world" put forward by RQM.
Copenhagen interpretation.
RQM is, in essence, quite similar to the Copenhagen interpretation, but with an important difference. In the Copenhagen interpretation, the macroscopic world is assumed to be intrinsically classical in nature, and wave function collapse occurs when a quantum system interacts with macroscopic apparatus. In RQM, "any" interaction, be it micro or macroscopic, causes the linearity of Schrödinger evolution to break down. RQM could recover a Copenhagen-like view of the world by assigning a privileged status (not dissimilar to a preferred frame in relativity) to the classical world. However, by doing this one would lose sight of the key features that RQM brings to our view of the quantum world.
Hidden variables theories.
Bohm's interpretation of QM does not sit well with RQM. One of the explicit hypotheses in the construction of RQM is that quantum mechanics is a complete theory, that is it provides a full account of the world. Moreover, the Bohmian view seems to imply an underlying, "absolute" set of states of all systems, which is also ruled out as a consequence of RQM.
We find a similar incompatibility between RQM and suggestions such as that of Penrose, which postulate that some process (in Penrose's case, gravitational effects) violate the linear evolution of the Schrödinger equation for the system.
Relative-state formulation.
The many-worlds family of interpretations (MWI) shares an important feature with RQM, that is, the relational nature of all value assignments (that is, properties). Everett, however, maintains that the universal wavefunction gives a complete description of the entire universe, while Rovelli argues that this is problematic, both because this description is not tied to a specific observer (and hence is "meaningless" in RQM), and because RQM maintains that there is no single, absolute description of the universe as a whole, but rather a net of inter-related partial descriptions.
Consistent histories approach.
In the consistent histories approach to QM, instead of assigning probabilities to single values for a given system, the emphasis is given to "sequences" of values, in such a way as to exclude (as physically impossible) all value assignments which result in inconsistent probabilities being attributed to observed states of the system. This is done by means of ascribing values to "frameworks", and all values are hence framework-dependent.
RQM accords perfectly well with this view. However, where the consistent histories approach does not give a full description of the physical meaning of framework-dependent value (that is it does not account for how there can be "facts" if the value of any property depends on the framework chosen). By incorporating the relational view into this approach, the problem is solved: RQM provides the means by which the observer-independent, framework-dependent probabilities of various histories are reconciled with observer-dependent descriptions of the world.
EPR and quantum non-locality.
RQM provides an unusual solution to the EPR paradox. Indeed, it manages to dissolve the problem altogether, inasmuch as there is no superluminal transportation of information involved in a Bell test experiment: the principle of locality is preserved inviolate for all observers.
The problem.
In the EPR thought experiment, a radioactive source produces two electrons in a singlet state, meaning that the sum of the spin on the two electrons is zero. These electrons are fired off at time formula_15 towards two spacelike separated observers, Alice and Bob, who can perform spin measurements, which they do at time formula_43. The fact that the two electrons are a singlet means that if Alice measures z-spin up on her electron, Bob will measure z-spin down on his, and "vice versa": the correlation is perfect. If Alice measures z-axis spin, and Bob measures the orthogonal y-axis spin, however, the correlation will be zero. Intermediate angles give intermediate correlations in a way that, on careful analysis, proves inconsistent with the idea that each particle has a definite, independent probability of producing the observed measurements (the correlations violate Bell's inequality).
This subtle dependence of one measurement on the other holds even when measurements are made simultaneously and a great distance apart, which gives the appearance of a superluminal communication taking place between the two electrons. Put simply, how can Bob's electron "know" what Alice measured on hers, so that it can adjust its own behavior accordingly?
Relational solution.
In RQM, an interaction between a system and an observer is necessary for the system to have clearly defined properties relative to that observer. Since the two measurement events take place at spacelike separation, they do not lie in the intersection of Alice's and Bob's light cones. Indeed, there is "no" observer who can instantaneously measure both electrons' spin.
The key to the RQM analysis is to remember that the results obtained on each "wing" of the experiment only become determinate for a given observer once that observer has interacted with the "other" observer involved. As far as Alice is concerned, the specific results obtained on Bob's wing of the experiment are indeterminate for her, although she will know "that" Bob has a definite result. In order to find out what result Bob has, she has to interact with him at some time formula_117 in their future light cones, through ordinary classical information channels.
The question then becomes one of whether the expected correlations in results will appear: will the two particles behave in accordance with the laws of quantum mechanics? Let us denote by formula_118 the idea that the observer formula_119 (Alice) measures the state of the system formula_120 (Alice's particle).
So, at time formula_43, Alice knows the value of formula_118: the spin of her particle, relative to herself. But, since the particles are in a singlet state, she knows that
and so if she measures her particle's spin to be formula_124, she can predict that Bob's particle (formula_125) will have spin formula_126. All this follows from standard quantum mechanics, and there is no "spooky action at a distance" yet. From the "coherence-operator" discussed above, Alice also knows that if at formula_117 she measures Bob's particle and then measures Bob (that is asks him what result he got) — or "vice versa" — the results will be consistent:
Finally, if a third observer (Charles, say) comes along and measures Alice, Bob, "and" their respective particles, he will find that everyone still agrees, because his own "coherence-operator" demands that
while knowledge that the particles were in a singlet state tells him that
Thus the relational interpretation, by shedding the notion of an "absolute state" of the system, allows for an analysis of the EPR paradox which neither violates traditional locality constraints, nor implies superluminal information transfer, since we can assume that all observers are moving at comfortable sub-light velocities. And, most importantly, the results of every observer are in full accordance with those expected by conventional quantum mechanics.
Derivation.
A promising feature of this interpretation is that RQM offers the possibility of being derived from a small number of axioms, or postulates based on experimental observations. Rovelli's derivation of RQM uses three fundamental postulates. However, it has been suggested that it may be possible to reformulate the third postulate into a weaker statement, or possibly even do away with it altogether. The derivation of RQM parallels, to a large extent, quantum logic. The first two postulates are motivated entirely by experimental results, while the third postulate, although it accords perfectly with what we have discovered experimentally, is introduced as a means of recovering the full Hilbert space formalism of quantum mechanics from the other two postulates. The 2 empirical postulates are:
We let formula_132 denote the set of all possible questions that may be "asked" of a quantum system, which we shall denote by formula_133, formula_134. We may experimentally find certain relations between these questions: formula_135, corresponding to {intersection, orthogonal sum, orthogonal complement, inclusion, and orthogonality} respectively, where formula_136.
Structure.
From the first postulate, it follows that we may choose a subset formula_137 of formula_138 mutually independent questions, where formula_138 is the number of bits contained in the maximum amount of information. We call such a question formula_137 a "complete question". The value of formula_137 can be expressed as an N-tuple sequence of binary valued numerals, which has formula_142 possible permutations of "0" and "1" values. There will also be more than one possible complete question. If we further assume that the relations formula_143 are defined for all formula_133, then formula_132 is an orthomodular lattice, while all the possible unions of sets of complete questions form a Boolean algebra with the formula_137 as atoms.
The second postulate governs the event of further questions being asked by an observer formula_147 of a system formula_2, when formula_147 already has a full complement of information on the system (an answer to a complete question). We denote by formula_150 the probability that a "yes" answer to a question formula_151 will follow the complete question formula_152. If formula_151 is independent of formula_152, then formula_155, or it might be fully determined by formula_152, in which case formula_157. There is also a range of intermediate possibilities, and this case is examined below.
If the question that formula_147 wants to ask the system is another complete question, formula_159, the probability formula_160 of a "yes" answer has certain constraints upon it:
The three constraints above are inspired by the most basic of properties of probabilities, and are satisfied if
where formula_165 is a unitary matrix.
This third postulate implies that if we set a complete question formula_172 as a basis vector in a complex Hilbert space, we may then represent any other question formula_173 as a linear combination:
And the conventional probability rule of quantum mechanics states that if two sets of basis vectors are in the relation above, then the probability formula_175 is
Dynamics.
The Heisenberg picture of time evolution accords most easily with RQM. Questions may be labelled by a time parameter formula_177, and are regarded as distinct if they are specified by the same operator but are performed at different times. Because time evolution is a symmetry in the theory (it forms a necessary part of the full formal derivation of the theory from the postulates), the set of all possible questions at time formula_43 is isomorphic to the set of all possible questions at time formula_15. It follows, by standard arguments in quantum logic, from the derivation above that the orthomodular lattice formula_180 has the structure of the set of linear subspaces of a Hilbert space, with the relations between the questions corresponding to the relations between linear subspaces.
It follows that there must be a unitary transformation formula_181 that satisfies:
and
where formula_184 is the Hamiltonian, a self-adjoint operator on the Hilbert space and the unitary matrices are an abelian group.

</doc>
<doc id="5974666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974666" title="U.S.D. Olginatese">
U.S.D. Olginatese

Unione Sportiva Dilettantistica Olginatese is an Italian association football club located in Olginate, Lombardy. It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
The original company was founded in 1922 and for five years only in the local leagues dispute. During the Fascist period participates in various regional and provincial championships, to remain inactive during the war. And reconstitution in 1945 sharpened the FIGC. After two years in Prima Divisione Lombardy, is promoted to Serie C, where it remains only in the 1947-1948 season. 
In 1952, the company gives up and remains inactive until 1968, when it is re-established themselves as participants in youth leagues. In 1972, forms a team that plays in the Terza Categoria. From 1981 it began a slow but steady rise of the minor leagues, until it wins Eccellenza Lombardy Girone B in 2001. From the 2001-02 it participates in Serie D, to achieve different finishes of medium ranking: best result obtained so far are the playoffs in the 2004-2005 and 2010-11 season.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are white and black.

</doc>
<doc id="5974682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974682" title="Miguel Etchecolatz">
Miguel Etchecolatz

Miguel Osvaldo Etchecolatz (born 1 May 1929) is a former senior Argentine police officer, who worked in the Buenos Aires Provincial Police during the first years of the military dictatorship of the 1970s. Etchecolatz was deeply involved in the "anti-subversion operation" known as the National Reorganization Process ("El proceso"). He was first convicted in 1986 of crimes committed during this period, but passage that year of the "Ley de Punto Final," which created amnesty for security officers, meant that he was released without a sentence. In 2003 Congress repealed the law, and the government re-opened prosecution of crimes during the Dirty War.
In 2004, Etchecolatz was one of the first two officials convicted and sentenced for baby snatching: taking a child from "disappeared" parents, passing it on for adoption by officials of the regime, and hiding the child's true identity. He and Jorge Berges were each sentenced to seven years.
For his actions in the Provincial Police during "El proceso", in 2006 he was tried, convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment, on numerous charges of homicide, illegal deprivation of freedom (kidnapping), and torture. The tribunal in passing the sentence said that Etchecolatz's crimes were "crimes against humanity in the context of the genocide that took place in Argentina". This was the first time that the term "genocide" had been used to characterize the crimes committed against political prisoners during the "Dirty War.
The "Dirty War" is the term for the widespread state terrorism and atrocities committed under the military dictatorship of Argentina during 1976 to 1983. A military "junta" was established, led by General Jorge Rafael Videla, after a coup d'état against President Isabel Perón. During the military rule, tens of thousands of political dissidents were killed or "forcibly disappeared".
During the dictatorship.
Etchecolatz served as Commissioner General of Police, directly reporting to Police Chief Ramón Camps. He served as Director of Investigations of the Buenos Aires provincial police from March 1976 until late 1977. During his period in office, Buenos Aires Province had the highest number of illegal detentions in the country. Etchecolatz was second in command during the Night of the Pencils, when several high school students were detained and tortured, and some murdered.
Return to democracy.
In 1983, democratic rule was restored in Argentina. The Trial of Juntas began in 1985, and numerous top figures were prosecuted, including General Ramón Camps, who was convicted and sentenced to life. In a 1986 trial, Etchecolatz was convicted and sentenced to 23 years for several counts of illegal detention and forced disappearances. He was spared a prison sentence because that year Congress passed the "Full Stop Law" ("Ley de Punto Final") and the "Law of Due Obedience", which halted prosecution of officers for crimes committed during the Dirty War.
After his release, Etchecolatz wrote a book defending his actions, called "La otra campaña del Nunca Más" ("The Other Never Again Campaign"). The title referred to "Nunca Más" ("Never Again"), the report produced by the National Commission on the Disappearance of Persons, which had heard testimony about the disappeared and survivors of state terror. Jorge and Marcelo Gristelli, owners of a Catholic publishing house, released the book in 1998 at the Buenos Aires International Book Fair.
In his book, Etchecolatz stated: "I never had, or thought to have, or was haunted by, any sense of blame. For having killed? I was the executor of a law made by man. I was the keeper of divine precepts. And I would do it again." In 2001, the Gristellis were seen shielding Etchecolatz as he left court in Buenos Aires; they reportedly used violence against left-wing demonstrators who allegedly confronted and insulted the former police officer.
Etchecolatz also faced civil trials, which were outside the purview of the Pardon Laws (these had covered acts that were committed in the context of military or police procedure). In 2004, both he and Jorge Berges were convicted and sentenced to seven years in prison for the abduction of a "disappeared" couple's child, handing it on for illegal adoption, and the suppression of the child's true identity. They were the first officials convicted for "baby snatching", but estimates are that 400 children were taken from political prisoners. Seventy-seven have had their identities restored to them.
He was imprisoned in Villa Devoto in 2004 and 2005. He was later allowed to continue the sentence under house arrest due to his advanced age (over 70 years old at the time). Although Etchecolatz's lawyers claimed he had a terminal illness, after police found a firearm in his home in 2006 in violation of the terms of house arrest, he was transferred to the Marcos Paz prison.
The 2006 trial.
In 2003 Congress repealed the 1986 "Pardon Laws" (Ley de Punto Final), and re-opened investigation and prosecution of crimes committed during the Dirty War. Human rights activists said that potentially hundreds of people could be brought to trial. Etchecolatz was the first official of that era to be prosecuted. 
Beginning in June 2006, he was tried for human rights abuses, in a case that drew international attention. On 19 September 2006, he was found guilty of the detention and torture of Jorge López and Nilda Eloy, and the homicides of Ambrosio Francisco De Marco, Patricia Graciela Dell'Orto, Diana Teruggi de Mariani, Elena Arce Sahores, Nora Livia Formiga and Margarita Delgado. 
In passing sentence, the tribunal said that Etchecolatz's crimes were "crimes against humanity in the context of the genocide that took place in Argentina". It was the first time that the term genocide was used in Argentine trials to characterize the crimes committed against political prisoners, and the court explained its reasoning.(See footnote quote in Lead)
Together with Police Chief Ramón Camps, Etchecolatz is believed to have operated at least eight clandestine detention centres in La Plata, Quilmes, Banfield, and Martínez. More than 100 witnesses were called, including former president Raúl Alfonsín (1983–1989), under whose administration the Pardon Laws were passed in 1986.
Etchecolatz criticized the procedures of the trial as biased and the judges as obedient to other powers. He said he was "an old man who is ill, with no money and no power", and "a part of a war that we with the arms and that we're losing politically." He refused to acknowledge the authority of the judges, telling them "You are not the judge. The supreme judge awaits us after death. [... It's not this tribunal that sentences me, it's you." The last thing he said before hearing the sentence was to claim he was "a prisoner of war" and "a political prisoner".
Political intimidation.
Disappearance of Jorge Julio López.
Before Etchecolatz was sentenced, Jorge Julio López, who was among those illegally detained and who testified in the trial, was reported as missing and feared "disappeared." He was seen for the last time on 17 September 2006. The provincial government offered a 200,000 peso (US$ 64,000) reward for information on his whereabouts. López, a 77-year-old retired mason with Parkinson's disease, was initially thought to have suffered post-traumatic stress disorder after re-living his ordeal during the trial, or chosen to hide after being threatened. But, after a few days, the theory that he had been kidnapped gained weight among the authorities. 
Buenos Aires Governor Felipe Solá stated that López "could be the first "desaparecido" since the years of state terrorism", and that this could be intended "to intimidate future witnesses or block their participation in other trials". President Néstor Kirchner warned "The past is not defeated... we cannot go back to that past". Human and civil rights organizations allege that active and retired provincial police personnel took part in the kidnapping of López, to intimidate other witnesses and impede future trials. 
On 6 October 2006, a demonstration of tens of thousands at the Plaza de Mayo, demanded López be found. López has not been located.
Threats to judges.
On 27 September 2006, judge Carlos Rozanski, president of the court that sentenced Etchecolatz, confirmed he received a long letter that claimed the judges were being pressured by the national government and denounced those who "from the offices of power do not look for justice but for revenge against those who defended the Nation." The letter was signed by the self-styled "Third International Congress of Victims of Terrorism - Barcelona - Spain." The official Third International Congress of Terror Victims, held in Valencia, Spain, denied any involvement. The three trial judges also received threatening telephone calls. 
The same letter was received by Santa Fe federal judge Reinaldo Rodríguez and by several federal prosecutors. The text was "well-written" and correctly addressed, and contained covert threats, pointing out that the senders "are bound, as citizens, to monitor that officials fulfill their functions", and that "this farce will end soon, and those who have not honored their posts will be accountable to a particularly impartial court".

</doc>
<doc id="5974702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974702" title="Ariana (name)">
Ariana (name)

Ariana is a feminine name. Arianna and Ariane are the two most common variations.
Etymology.
The name "Ariana" has the several possible following origins.
Ariana, the Latinized form of (Greek: ἡ 'Αρειανή/Arianē), was also a general geographical term used by some Greek and Roman authors of ancient period for a district of wide extent in Central Asia, comprehending the eastern part of the Persian kingdom, now all of Afghanistan, north east of Iran and southeast of Tajikistan . The name of Iran originates from Aryānā meaning "The Land of the Aryans".
The name "Arianna" is also the Latinized form of the name Ariadne (; ; "most holy", Cretan Greek "αρι" "most" and "αδνος" [adnos "holy"), the daughter of Minos, King of Crete, and his queen Pasiphaë, daughter of Helios, the Sun-titan, from Greek mythology.
The name can also derive from the Welsh word 'arian', meaning silver.
Popularity.
In the United States, the name Ariana was listed as the seventy-eighth most popular name for babies in 2006, with Arianna at seventy-seven.

</doc>
<doc id="5974704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974704" title="Preis von Europa">
Preis von Europa

The Preis von Europa is a Group 1 flat horse race in Germany open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Cologne over a distance of 2,400 metres (about 1½ miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in September.
History.
The event was established in 1963, a year after the discontinuation of the Gladiatoren-Rennen at Krefeld. Its predecessor was contested over 2,800 metres, and the last running was won by a horse called Opponent. The same horse won the inaugural edition of the Preis von Europa, run over 2,400 metres at Cologne.
The present system of race grading was introduced in Germany in 1972, and the Preis von Europa was classed at the highest level, Group 1.
The race has been sponsored by several different companies since the 1980s, including Puma, Deutsche Post and IVG.
With its running in , the Preis von Europa has been run at the same venue throughout its history.
Records.
Most successful horse (3 wins):
Leading jockey (3 wins):
Leading trainer (7 wins):
Leading owner (4 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="5974706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974706" title="A.C. Palazzolo">
A.C. Palazzolo

Associazione Calcio Palazzolo is an Italian association football club located in Palazzolo sull'Oglio, Lombardy.
It currently plays in Serie D.
History.
It was founded in 1913.
Between 1989 (when it acquired the sports title of "G.S. Telgate" of Telgate) and 1996 the club played a total of 4 seasons in Serie C1 and 3 in Serie C2.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are skyblue.

</doc>
<doc id="5974713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974713" title="Dave Odlum">
Dave Odlum

David 'Dave' Odlum is an Irish guitarist, drummer and producer who has worked and played with Academy Award winners and Mercury Prize nominees. Originally a member of Kíla, a band which was founded during his schooldays at Coláiste Eoin, he left them and joined rock group The Frames, fronted by the Academy Award-winner Glen Hansard, and with whom he played guitar from 1990 until 2002. Since leaving the band, he has pursued a career as a music producer. Odlum has established a long running association with singer-songwriter Gemma Hayes, producing her Mercury Prize-nominated debut album "Night on My Side", as well as later albums "The Hollow of Morning, "Let It Break and an as-yet untitled fifth album due in 2014. Odlum also played briefly with her (along with his brother, Karl Odlum).
Other musicians for whom Odlum has produced albums include The Frames, with whom he worked on the album "Burn the Maps" after he had left the band, dEUS, Nina Hynes, Josh Ritter, Eoin Coughlan, Ham Sandwich ("Carry the Meek"), Luka Bloom ("Eleven Songs") and Miriam Ingram ("Trampoline"). In late January 2012 Odlum traveled to Australia to record Australian indie band Blackchords.
Career.
Odlum began his musical career as one of a series of about twenty buskers on the streets of Dublin. He joined Kíla, a band made up of a group of these buskers, where he played in the city's live venues. Colm Mac Con Iomaire featured alongside Odlum in Kíla and the two later formed The Frames alongside fellow busker Glen Hansard. The buskers' sense of camaraderie led to them raising enough money between them to make a record "on a shoestring budget". They enlisted ex-Boomtown Rats member Pete Briquette to produce their record. The Frames were soon being recognized by the renowned producer Trevor Horn and a string of MTV Europe Music Awards nominations followed for the song "Revelate". Odlum co-produced the band's album "Dance the Devil" and also "For the Birds" with Steve Albini and Craig Ward which led to the band achieving acclaim at home and internationally. Having been a founding member of the band in 1990 Odlum left in November 2001/February 2002. Upon leaving The Frames soon afterwards he set about producing for other musical ensembles. He played guitar on Mic Christopher's 'Heyday' EP. Christopher was another close friend of Odlum's and a member of the original Dublin street buskers. He also played drums and electric guitar on Mark Geary's 2004 album "Ghosts". and produced "Raining Down Arrows" by Mundy. Odlum also gave a talk at The Music Show on 5 October 2008.
Personal life.
Odlum previously dated Gemma Hayes, having first met the singer in the Irish Film Centre's coffee shop. Hayes had called Odlum to ask him about making a demo and then invited him to one of her shows to hear her songs. They started recording at Mic Christopher's house as Odlum was living there at the time. When Christopher had a motorbike accident which led to broken ribs, a leg and a lengthy stay in hospital, the duo finished one of his songs and sang it to him in his hospital ward. And then he moved to France and things. That was the end...or was it?

</doc>
<doc id="5974717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974717" title="Ian MacAlister Stewart">
Ian MacAlister Stewart

Ian MacAlister Stewart, 13th Laird of Achnacone (1895 - 1987) DSO OBE was a British Army officer, serving during both the First and Second World Wars. Known for his eccentric training methods, he commanded the Second Battalion of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, which participated in the Malayan Campaign and the Battle of Singapore during the Second World War. 
Early life.
Stewart was born in 1895, part of the Stewart family of Appin in Argyllshire. His place of birth, in Surore, Poone, India, was where his father, Lt.Col Alexander Kenneth Stewart, 12th of Achnacone, was a medical officer in the Poona Horse before his parents returned to Scotland. Stewart attended Cheltenham College before going to Sandhurst on a prize cadetship. He passed through Sandhurst in 1913 as the top student of his year and the youngest.
First World War.
Stewart was commissioned into the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders in February 1914 and served throughout the First World War. During this war, he was awarded the Military Cross and Bar, and created an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE). At the end of the war, Stewart was a Temporary Captain. He became heir to Achnacone after his older brother, Captain Alexander D.L. Stewart MC, died in a motor cycle accident in Dublin in 1919. 
As with many Army officers between the wars, Stewart was placed on half pay, but was restored to full pay as a Captain on 3 June 1925 On 8 September 1931, Stewart was promoted to major. Stewart's military career was dominated by his service with the Argylls, a regiment to which he was so wedded that when he was given command of the 2nd Battalion in the 1930s some of his brother officers did not even realise that he was married with a daughter. Stewart had married Ursula Morely-Fletcher in 1937 when he was 42 years old. He even refused a position at the staff college at Camberley to remain with his battalion thereby losing the only way to senior command.
Second World War.
At the outbreak of the Second World War Stewart was very happily still in command of the 2nd Battalion of the Argylls. Stewart was one of the few British officers to realise the need for training in jungle warfare that would be necessary in order to defeat the Japanese in a war in Malaya. Due to this obsession with jungle training Stewart earned himself a reputation as a crank amongst the more traditional minded officers of Malaya Command. In early 1941 after his battalion had been transferred from India to Malaya, Stewart began rigorously training his men and developing new tactics to fight in all of the extreme and hostile natural terrain of Malaya. When the 2nd Argylls were thrown into the battle in early December 1941 they were to prove one of the few effective units the Japanese would face in their rapid advance down the peninsula, inflicting heavy casualties in every engagement. Sadly their effectiveness meant that they were continuously used as the buffer and suffered massive casualties as a result.
Stewart was temporarily given command of the Indian 12th Infantry Brigade after Brigadier Paris took over the Indian 11th Infantry Division in late December 1941. He was in command of this brigade during the disastrous Battle of Slim River which was where the Argylls suffered their worst casualties. When the Battle of Malaya finally ended and the surviving Allied soldiers retreated across the causeway onto Singapore Island, Stewart and his batman, Drummer Hardy, were the last to cross.
Plymouth Argylls.
Stewart was soon returned to his beloved Argylls in Singapore after they had been decimated in the fighting on the mainland. The 250 surviving Argylls were reformed with 210 Royal Marines, survivors from the H.M.S. "Prince of Wales" and the H.M.S. "Repulse", becoming known as the Plymouth Argylls. Stewart had six days to train the new composite battalion before it was put into action on Singapore Island itself. The Plymouth Argylls suffered heavy casualties during the brief Battle of Singapore. Stewart was evacuated unwillingly from Singapore before its surrender due to the need for experienced officers and men who had proven ability to fight the Japanese Army successfully, an ability rare in the British Army at this time. By the time of the surrender on 15 February the Plymouth Argylls were reduced to 40 officers and men. 
What was left of the Plymouth Argyll Battalion, under the command of three captains, were marched into captivity behind their piper. According to some witnesses hundreds of other British Empire soldiers stood to attention as they marched past. Only 52 Argylls managed to escape before Singapore surrendered and make it to Ceylon. Many others were killed or captured when the ships they were escaping on were sunk by Japanese surface and air attack, like Major Angus MacDonald who died on The Rooseboom.
Later commands.
On 23 January 1942, Stewart was awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) for his services in the South West Pacific area He was initially employed as a General Staff Officer Grade 1 in India, lecturing on his experiences in Malaya. Officers with jungle warfare experience who had actually fought the Japanese and seen their tactics in action were in high demand by the army command in India. Of all the officers to have escaped from Singapore, Stewart was probably the most experienced. He became the Chief Instructor at the School of Infantry as a Colonel, and later Brigadier General Staff (Training) with 11th Army Group in India. Of Stewart, Field Marshal Wavell wrote:
Stewart's report, written after his arrival in India, and his knowledge along with that of the other officers and men who escaped from Singapore, had a direct effect on the training and tactics that would be used by the British and Commonwealth Armies in fighting the Japanese throughout the rest of the war. Stewart returned to the United Kingdom in early 1945, being given command of the 144 Infantry Brigade on 19 March 1945. He spent a period of time as the District Commander for Stirling, the home of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders.
Retirement.
Stewart retired from the army on 13 April 1947 at the age of 52, a short time after the death of his father. Stewart was a substantive colonel on retirement but was awarded the honorary rank of Brigadier. Stewart wrote the book 'The Thin Red Line, 2nd Argylls in Malaya' (Thomas Nelson, 1947) which was reprinted by the Argyll and Sutherland Regimental Museum. He became well known in the Scottish farming community, and even became President of the National Farmers Union of Scotland. 
Stewart died on 14 March 1987 at the age of 91. His funeral was well attended, with Major Eric Moss as the piper (Moss was Pipe Major of Stewart's 2nd Argylls in Malaya). The address was given by Lord Maclean of Duart.

</doc>
<doc id="5974720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974720" title="Marion Jones Farquhar">
Marion Jones Farquhar

Biography.
Jones was the daughter of Nevada Senator John Percival Jones, co-founder of the town of Santa Monica, and Georgina Frances Sullivan. 
Marion Jones was the first Californian to reach the finals at the women’s U.S. Tennis Championships in 1898. She won the U.S. women’s tennis title in 1899 and 1902, and the U.S. mixed doubles title in 1901. At the 1900 Summer Olympics, she was the first American woman to win an Olympic medal. Her sister, Georgina also competed in the 1900 Olympic tennis events. In 1900, Marion Jones was the first non-British woman to play at Wimbledon.
She married architect Robert D. Farquhar in New York City, in 1903. They had three children: David Farquhar (1904 – ), John Percival Farquhar (1912 – ) and Colin Farquhar (1913 – ). From 1920 until 1961, Marion Jones Farquhar lived in Greenwich Village, where she was well known as a violinist and voice coach. She also translated opera librettos and for a short time was head of the New York Chamber Opera. In 1961 she moved back to Los Angeles, where she lived until her death.

</doc>
<doc id="5974750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974750" title="TNTNT">
TNTNT

In the Ultraverse, TNTNT is an Ultra-Team created by J.D. Hunt using his company, Nu-Ware's wetware technology. J.D. Hunt used the team as his own personal enforcers.
The team originally consisted of:
Fictional Team Biography.
The team also fought the Ultra-heroes The Strangers on more than one occasion. They lost Torso during the murderous rampage of the Ultra-killer Rafferty. He was one of dozens of super-powered victims. After this, they were present at a Nu-Ware facility when two of the team, Grenade and Teknight, dealt with fellow Stranger Electrocute. Her android mind had been reprogrammed to be an agent of Nu-Ware once again. Grenade had thought that he was, with the help of Teknight, able to deal with TNTNT, especially since they had lost Torso. It was only Electrocute that allows the team to defeat and imprison the two heroes. 
With the Strangers holding J.D. Hunt, his son makes a trade. Info on where Grenade and the others are in a simple exchange for the location of his father. Spectral and Zip-Zap, the only Strangers left, arrive, swiftly defeat TNTNT and rescue their friends.

</doc>
<doc id="5974759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974759" title="Nature park">
Nature park

A nature park is a landscape protected by means of long-term planning, use and agriculture. These valuable landscapes are preserved in their present state and promoted for touristic purposes.
In most countries nature parks are subject to legally regulated protection, which is part of their conservation laws.
A nature park is "not" the same as a national park, which is defined by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and its World Commission on Protected Areas as a category II type of protected area. Nor is it the same as a nature reserve which may fall into different IUCN categories depending on the level of legal protection afforded, but which is more strictly protected than a nature park. However some nature parks have later been turned into national parks.
International nature parks.
The first international nature park in Europe, the present-day Pieniny National Park was founded jointly by Poland and Slovakia in 1932.
Europe.
Germany.
"List of nature parks in Germany"
The "Nature park" is one of the options for area-based nature conservation provided for under the Federal Nature Conservation Act (the "BNatSchG"). On 6 June 1956 in the former capital city of Bonn at the annual meeting of the Nature Reserve Association (in the presence of President Theodor Heuss and Minister Heinrich Lübke)., the environmentalist and entrepreneur, Alfred Toepfer, presented a programme developed jointly with the Central Office for Nature Conservation and Landscape Management and other institutions to set up (initially) 25 nature parks in West Germany. Five percent of the area of the old Federal Republic of Germany was to be spared from major environmental damage as a result.
Definition of nature parks in Germany.
The definition of the category of nature park is laid down in federal law (§ 27 of the BNatSchG). Details, especially with regard to the identification, investigation or recognition as a nature park vary in each state depending on the provisions of local conservation law.
§ 27 of the BnatSchG determines that natural parks are large areas that are to be developed and managed as a single unit, that consist mainly of protected landscapes or nature reserves, that have a large variety of species and habitats and that have a landscape that exhibits a variety of uses.
In nature parks, the aim is to strive for environmentally sustainable land use and they should be especially suitable for recreation and for sustainable tourism because of their topographical features.
The underlying idea is a "protection through usage", so the acceptance and participation of the population in the protection of the cultural landscape and nature is very important. In doing so the nature conservation and the needs of recreation users should be linked so that both sides benefit: sustainable tourism with respect for the value of nature and landscape is paramount.
Basically all actions, interventions and projects that would be contrary to the purpose of conservation are prohibited.
Nature parks are to be considered in zoning and must be represented and considered in local development plans. This is called an acquisition memorandum. They are binding and cannot be waived because of a higher common good.
The sponsors of nature parks are usually clubs or local special purpose associations.
The German nature parks come together in the Association of German Nature Parks.
In Germany today there are 101 nature parks (as at: March 2009), that occupy some 25% of the land area. They are an important building block for nature conservation and help to preserve the sites of natural beauty, cultural landscapes, rare species and biotopes and to make them accessible to later generations.
Austria.
There are currently 47 nature parks in Austria with a total area of around 500,000 ha (as at April 2010). They are host to nearly 20 million visitors annually. 
The designation of "nature park" is awarded by the respective state governments. To achieve this award, the 4 pillars of a nature park have to be met: conservation, recreation, education and regional development.
Association of Austrian Nature Parks (VNÖ).
In 1995 all the Austrian nature parks agreed to be represented by the Association of Austrian Nature Parks ("Verband der Naturparke Österreichs") or VNÖ. 
Currently there are nature parks in the following states:
Switzerland: regional nature parks.
In Switzerland the establishment of regional nature parks is regulated by the Federal Law for Nature and Homeland Conservation (NHG). Regional nature parks fall into one of three categories defined by the NHG. In addition there are national parks and nature experience parks. These two types of park have very strict protected areas, something which does not exist in regional nature parks. The latter focus much more on striking a balance in the level of support between nature conservation and the regional economy. 
Since August 2010 there have been three parks with the label Regional Nature Park of National Importance“: 
Italy.
South Tyrol has 8 nature parks and part of a national park
Croatia.
In Croatia there is a total of eight national parks and ten nature parks. Under nature park protection are the following regions:
Belgium.
In Belgium, there are two different structures. In Flanders, their name is Regionale Landschappen and in Wallonia, the Natural Parks. There are 17 Regionale Landschappen in Flanders and 9 Natural Parks in Wallonia.

</doc>
<doc id="5974768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974768" title="Public housing in Puerto Rico">
Public housing in Puerto Rico

Public housing in Puerto Rico is a subsidized system of housing units, mostly consisting of housing projects ("Residenciales", "Barriadas", or "Caserios Publicos", in Spanish), which are provided for low-income families in Puerto Rico. The system is mainly financed with programs from the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and the US Department of Agriculture (USDA). There are 322 public housing developments in Puerto Rico.
Introduction.
Neighborhoods in Puerto Rico are often divided into three types: barrio, "urbanización" (urbanization) and "residencial público" (public housing). An "urbanización" is a type of housing where land is developed into lots, often by a private developer, and where single-family homes are built. More recently, non single-family units, such as condominiums and townhouses are being built which also fall into this category. (In Puerto Rico, a condominiun is a housing unit located in a high-rise building. It is popularly called an "apartamento", or, alternatively, "apartamiento" (English: apartment), whether or not its resident owns the unit or lives it as a renter.) Public housing, on the other hand, are housing units built with government funding. These have traditionally consisted multi-family dwellings in housing complexes called a "Barriada" or a "Caserío Publico" (and more recently a "Residencial"), and where all exterior grounds consist of shared areas. Increasingly, however, public housing developments are being built that consist of other than the traditional multi-family dwellings with all exterior grounds consisting of shared outside area, for example, public housing may consist of single family garden apartments units. Finally, a home that is located in neither an "urbanizacion" nor of a public housing development is said to be located in (and to be a part of) a "barrio". In Puerto Rico, a "barrio" also has a second and very different meaning official meaning: the geographical area into which a municipios is divided for official administrative purposes. In this sense, "urbanizaciones" as well as public housing developments (as well as one or several "barrios" in the popular sense) may be located in one of these 901 official geographic areas.
History.
Puerto Rico's Department of Housing, created in the 1970s, succeeded the Urban Renewal and Housing Corporation, or Corporación de Renovación Urbana y Vivienda (CRUV, its Spanish acronym), which was created in the late 1950s to succeed the Puerto Rico Housing Authority, created by Gov. Luis Muñoz Marín and headed by César Cordero Dávila, to consolidate several state and municipal housing agencies. Puerto Rico Housing and CRUV were responsible for the design and construction of many of the older "residenciales" in Puerto Rico. Henry Klumb provided early support for those efforts and one of his protégés, George McClintock was the first Architect-in-Chief of Puerto Rico Housing in the early-to-mid 1950's. Among Klumb's designs are the 1945 design work for the Cataño, San Lorenzo, Lares and Aguadilla Puerto Rico Housing projects, Naranjito Public Housing Project in 1957, Comerío Public Housing Project in 1958, and Residencial Las Virtudes, designed and built between 1969 ad 1976. Klumb had previously done work for several municipal housing agencies, including Mayagüez' and Ponce's.
In 1973, José Enrique Arrarás became the first Secretary of Housing. He was appointed by Gov. Rafael Hernández Colón.
Organization.
Operating funds are provided by HUD for tenant rent subsidizing and for the construction, acquisition, maintenance, and operations of public housing projects, which are in turn administered by several entities throughout the island called "Public Housing Agencies" (PHAs). The main Public Housing Agency in Puerto Rico is the Public Housing Administration (Administración de Vivienda Pública, or AVP, in Spanish) under the Puerto Rico Department of Housing (Departamento de Vivienda in Spanish). Other Public Housing Agencies include certain municipalities which are authorized by HUD and commonwealth law to operate housing projects independent of the main state PHA. All PHAs can contract a "Management Agent" (usually a for-profit enterprise) to manage day-to-day operations, including processing tenant complaints, housing unit repairs, and overall project maintenance.
HUD also allows private non-profit organizations and for-profit enterprises to manage housing projects as PHAs, offering program funding and tax incentives in order to compensate for operating costs. However, these types of public housing projects are not as common in Puerto Rico as those which are managed by the state.
The PHA is responsible for providing adequate living arrangements for program tenants, in compliance with Housing Quality Standards (HQS) set by HUD. Additionally, the PHA must manage all federal funds received in an efficient and reasonable way, in compliance with HUD prescribed guidelines and with Chapter 24 of the US Code of Federal Regulations (CFR). Management Agents are also required to comply with these standards.
The USDA provides federal loan programs (including direct loans or loan guarantees) to PHAs for the construction of new public housing projects or acquisition of existing living complexes to convert into public projects.
Eligible tenants.
The tenant rent subsidizing system allows low-income and impoverished individuals and families to reside in a subsidized housing unit just as long as their income status complies with federal regulations. Families wanting to participate must first be included in a "Waiting List", which includes all citizens applying for subsidized housing by order of application date. Families must therefore "wait until their turn" for eligibility as the PHA selects families by that order, a process which in Puerto Rico may take several years. Applicants must provide evidence of low-income status (HUD recommends a copy of a filed income tax return) and are Given a housing unit for which HUD will subsidize its rent.
Criticism.
Supporters of the system argue that Puerto Rico's annual income per person is $12,000 (2004), a figure which is much lower than in the United States and which explains why a relatively larger portion of the island population participates in the system.
List of public housing projects in Puerto Rico.
The following is a list of public housing projects located in Puerto Rico, and includes those that are managed by the Government of Puerto Rico, by municipalities, and by private non-profit and for-profit entities:
Cayey.
PRIVATIZADO
Public Housing Authorities.
Public Housing Authorities are government agencies designated by the US Department of Housing and Urban Development to administer federally subsidized housing units.

</doc>
<doc id="5974773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974773" title="Clandestinos (1987 film)">
Clandestinos (1987 film)

Clandestinos is a 1987 Cuban Film directed by Fernando Pérez. The film chronicles the last days of the revolutionary struggle against Fulgencio Batista in Cuba, through the romance between two clandestine fighters who work on an underground printing press, used to print subversive pamphlets against the government.
Cast.
Luis Alberto García.<br>
Isabel Santos.<br>
Amado del Pino.<br>
Susana Pérez.
Awards.
- Best Actress (Isabel Santos) - Havana Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5974777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974777" title="List of P-Funk projects">
List of P-Funk projects

This is a chronological list of projects with significant contributions from P-Funk members. It also features notable pre-P-Funk and post-P-Funk projects from these members. The name of the P-Funk band or member is listed in bold.
1990s.
1995.
"Pretty Girl", "L.O.V.E. Baby"-Rodney "Skeet" Curtis; "The Final Frontier-Bill Laswell and Bootsy Collins
"Jealous Hunts Love", "Bassically Speaking"-Andre Foxxe; "I'd Rather Be With You"(Live)-Bootsy's Rubber Band
2000s.
2009.
Features Danny Bedrosian, Garry Shider, Lige Curry, Rico Lewis, Dewayne "Blackbyrd" Mcknight, Michael "Clip" Payne

</doc>
<doc id="5974782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974782" title="Billy Anderson">
Billy Anderson

Billy Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5974791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974791" title="Sacrococcygeal membrane">
Sacrococcygeal membrane

The sacrococcygeal membrane is a tough fibrous membrane about 10mm long which extends from the inferior tip of the sacrum to the body of the coccyx in humans. It covers the inferior limit of the epidural space and is analogous to the ligamentum flavum found at other levels in the spine.
It can be found at the apex of an equilateral triangle whose base is formed by the dimples overlying the sacro-iliac joints. The "cornua" of the sacrum may be palpated with a finger; the sacrococcygeal membrane lies between and inferior to these.

</doc>
<doc id="5974792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974792" title="Motaher Hussain Chowdhury">
Motaher Hussain Chowdhury

Motaher Hussain Chowdhury (1903–1956), a Bangladeshi author, was born in Comilla.
Writing career.
Motaher Hussain Chowdhury was a full-time writer and literature lover. His literary works were included in the curriculum of school level, secondary, higher secondary and graduation level Bengali Literature in Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="5974795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974795" title="Posterior ligament of elbow">
Posterior ligament of elbow

The posterior ligament is thin and membranous, and consists of transverse and oblique fibers. 
"Above," it is attached to the humerus immediately behind the capitulum and close to the medial margin of the trochlea, to the margins of the olecranon fossa, and to the back of the lateral epicondyle some little distance from the trochlea. 
Below, it is fixed to the upper and lateral margins of the olecranon, to the posterior part of the annular ligament, and to the ulna behind the radial notch. 
The transverse fibers form a strong band which bridges across the olecranon fossa; under cover of this band a pouch of synovial membrane and a pad of fat project into the upper part of the fossa when the joint is extended. 
In the fat are a few scattered fibrous bundles, which pass from the deep surface of the transverse band to the upper part of the fossa. 
This ligament is in relation, "behind," with the tendon of the Triceps brachii and the Anconæus.

</doc>
<doc id="5974798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974798" title="Eruera Tirikatene">
Eruera Tirikatene

Sir Eruera Tihema Te Aika Tirikatene, KCMG (5 January 1895 – 11 January 1967) was a New Zealand Māori politician of the Ngai Tahu tribe. Known in early life as Edward James Te Aika Tregerthen, he was the first Ratana Member of Parliament and was elected in a by-election for Southern Maori in June 1932 after the death of Tuiti Makitanara.
He remained the MP until his death in 1967, when his daughter Whetu Tirikatene-Sullivan succeeded to the seat, also in a by-election.
Early life.
After education at St Stephen's Anglican Church, Tirikatene worked on farms before enlisting in 1914 for the First World War. He served three years with the New Zealand Māori (Pioneer) Battalion, reaching the rank of sergeant and commended for carrying a wounded soldier while under fire.
In 1919, he was married to Ruti Matekino Solomon and the couple went on to have twelve children. In the same year, he settled on a small farm near Kaiapoi, where he also set up a dairy farm, a saw mill, a fishing fleet and a ferry service.
By 1921 he visited Ratana pā, and T. W. Ratana, the spiritual leader or Te Mangai of Ratana predicted an important role for him. Te Mangai persuaded him to stay, and with his practical skills, served the movement by taking charge of harvesting of the Ratana lands.
Election to Parliament.
As the Ratana movement developed into a political movement, Eruera Tirikatene became a leader in the internal political council and stood for parliament in the 1928 and 1931 elections, being defeated narrowly in both. In 1928 he and most of his extended family spent the election at Ratana Pa helping with the wheat harvest. At this time there were few provisions for absentee voting, and unable to even vote for himself, Tirikatene lost the election by one vote.
In June 1932, the sitting MP for Southern Maori, Tuiti Makitanara died suddenly and Eruera won the by-election to become the first Ratana MP. Tirikatene contained to represent his electorate until his death in January 1967.
Member of Parliament.
From his maiden speech, Tirikatene made recognition of the Treaty of Waitangi one of his major aims, presenting a petition with over 30,000 signatures. The petition from the Ratana was held over for thirteen years before being virtually ignored, but Tirikatane continued to raise the Treaty issue in debates.
During the depression of that time, Māori were expected to subsist from their land, and were not given equal access to unemployment payments and relief work. Proving entitlement to the old age pension was also more difficult for Māori, as Māori did not have to register births until 1919. Tirikatene spoke out against this discrimination in social welfare which caused poverty to Māori and the removal of this inequality by the Labour Government strengthened the Labour and Ratana bond.
Following the Ratana-Labour alliance, Tirikatene became the First President of the Labour Party Māori Advisory Council, a committee to set Māori policy for the party. During the Second World War, Tirikatene set up and led the Māori War Effort Organisation. The experience of Māori running their own affairs led him to introduce the Māori Social and Economic Advancement Act of 1945, but it did not give the independence for iwi he had hoped for.
Between 1946 and 1949, Tirikatene was involved in land claim settlements for Waikato—Maniapoto and Taranaki. He persuaded the Ngai Tahu to accept the Ngaitahu Claim Settlement Act of 1944 and became president of the Ngaitahu Trust Board.
After a period in opposition, he was appointed Minister of Forests, and Minister in charge of Printing and Stationery. Tirikatene was expecting Māori Affairs, which was taken by Prime Minister Walter Nash. The two often clashed, with Tirikatene wanting greater autonomy for Māori. One achievement of this period was the official recognition of Waitangi Day through the Waitangi Day Act 1960, commemorating the signing of Te Tiriti o Waitangi.
Tirikatene continued committee work while in opposition after 1960, and remained an MP until his death. He was succeeded in the seat by his daughter, Whetu Tirikatene-Sullivan.
Recognition.
In 1935, Tirikatene was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in the 1960 Queen's Birthday Honours. Within the Ratana movement, he was known as Te Omeka.

</doc>
<doc id="5974799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974799" title="Cranbrook School, Ilford">
Cranbrook School, Ilford

Cranbrook is an independent co-educational school, located in Ilford, Greater London, England. The Cognita Group own and operate the school. The school covers the full range of academic years from Nursery to Year 13. They have merged with 'Glenarm College' (another Cognita school).
History.
Cranbrook School (formerly known as Cranbrook College) was founded in 1896 as a boys only school. The school was acquired by Cognita Schools Limited in April 2007.
In January 2011, Cranbrook and Glenarm Colleges integrated into a new site at Mansfield Rd, adjacent to the existing Cranbrook College campus. The schools, who share the same founder, have re-branded themselves under the new title of Cranbrook and are fully co-educational.
Buildings.
The school recently invested four million pounds into new building facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="5974800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974800" title="Anterior ligament of elbow">
Anterior ligament of elbow

The anterior ligament of the elbow is a broad and thin fibrous layer covering the anterior surface of the joint.
It is attached to the "front" of the medial epicondyle and to the front of the humerus immediately above the coronoid and radial fossae "below," to the anterior surface of the coronoid process of the ulna and to the annular ligament, being continuous on either side with the collateral ligaments.
Its superficial fibers pass obliquely from the medial epicondyle of the humerus to the annular ligament.
The middle fibers, vertical in direction, pass from the upper part of the coronoid fossa and become partly blended with the preceding, but are inserted mainly into the anterior surface of the coronoid process.
The deep or transverse set intersects these at right angles. This ligament is in relation, in "front," with the brachialis muscle, except at its most lateral part.

</doc>
<doc id="5974803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974803" title="Etz Chaim Center for Jewish Learning">
Etz Chaim Center for Jewish Learning

Etz Chaim Center for Jewish Learning is an Orthodox Jewish organization designed to reach out to secular and non-Orthodox Jews in the hopes of bring them into the Baal teshuva Movement (returning to Torah observance). It is under the direction of 
Rabbi Shlomo Porter. Its national headquarters in located in Baltimore, MD with other locations in Owings Mills, MD Philadelphia, PA and Washington, DC.
Etz Chaim is a multi-faceted outreach center dedicated to reaching Jews of all backgrounds to experience Orthodox Judaism. Over 10,000 Jews have been touched by Etz Chaim in the last 28 years . 

</doc>
<doc id="5974814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974814" title="Raimundo Fernández-Villaverde, Marquis of Pozo Rubio">
Raimundo Fernández-Villaverde, Marquis of Pozo Rubio

Don Raimundo Fernández-Villaverde y García del Rivero, "iure uxoris" Marquis of Pozo Rubio, (20 January 1848 – 15 July 1905) was a Spanish statesman. 
Born in Madrid, Raimundo Fernandez Villaverde graduated at age 21 at the Central University of Madrid in Law Studies. He later became Professor of this university after receiving the degree of Doctor of Philosophy.
He joined the Conservative Party and was elected to the Spanish Parliament in 1872 as representative for Caldas. 
On 31 March 1884, he was appointed civil governor of Madrid.
Since 1880 up to his death in 1905, he held various government ministries including Finance, Justice and Interior, became President of Parliament, and was twice Prime Minister.
He is credited with the economic reforms passed in the years 1899 and 1900 that stabilized the nation's economy after the loss of the last Spanish colonies in the Americas and the Pacific Ocean. 

</doc>
<doc id="5974825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974825" title="Chris Gelbmann">
Chris Gelbmann

Chris Gelbmann (born 27 April 1972) is an Austrian singer-songwriter who had an eventful life. Inspired by Bob Dylan, Jim Croce, JJ Cale, Nick Drake, Cat Stevens and many more, he started as singer-songwriter at the age of 13 and since his youth he was known for his charismatic voice, a distinctive timbre and a very own style. In the last years he worked behind the scenes of the music industry, where he realised numerous major projects like André Heller's 3 CD compendium "Ruf und Echo", the two triple platinum CDs of Christina Stürmer, the major label debut of Hans Platzgumer; he worked with Brian Eno, Stefan Sagmeister, Xavier Naidoo and many more. 
„The Pink Beast Of Love“ is his debut album, which has been released on the 7th of October 2005 on Buntspecht/Hoanzl in Austria and which was internationally especially well acclaimed.
It took its name from a statement by American cult and bestseller author Tom Robbins. Because Robbins’ novel “Still Life With Woodpecker“ provided a lot of inspiration for Gelbmann’s debut album, the writer became one of the first exemplaries of the CD and reacted promptly with a comment on the album.
Discography.
Album: The Pink Beast of Love (7.10.05) Buntspecht
Single: Love Is Easy (1995) Bourbon Records

</doc>
<doc id="5974828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974828" title="Henry Johnson (Medal of Honor)">
Henry Johnson (Medal of Honor)

Henry Johnson (June 11, 1850 – January 31, 1904) was a Buffalo Soldier in the United States Army and a recipient of America's highest military decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in the Indian Wars of the western United States.
Biography.
In 1879, Johnson served as a Sergeant in Company D of the 9th Cavalry Regiment. From October 2, to October 5, of that year, at Milk River, Colorado, Johnson "left fortified shelter and under heavy fire at close range made the rounds of the pits to instruct the guards, [and fought his way to the creek and back to bring water to the wounded."
Death and burial.
Johnson died 1904 and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery, Arlington, Virginia. His grave can be located in section 23, lot 16547.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Sergeant, Company D, 9th U.S. Cavalry. Place and date: At Milk River, Colo., 2-October 5, 1879. Entered service at:------. Birth: Boynton, Va. Date of issue: September 22, 1890. 
Citation:
Voluntarily left fortified shelter and under heavy fire at close range made the rounds of the pits to instruct the guards, fought his way to the creek and back to bring water to the wounded.

</doc>
<doc id="5974829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974829" title="Michael Wilde">
Michael Wilde

Michael Wilde, born on the Wirral, Cheshire in 1952, is a businessman who became Chairman of Southampton Football Club for two periods after the Club's relegation from the Premiership, resigning on 2 April 2009, the day after the Club's holding company, Southampton Leisure Holdings Plc, went into administration.
Education and early career.
Wilde attended Wirral Grammar School before going to the University of Westminster in 1973 where he obtained a first degree in Urban Estate Management before going on to do his Masters in Town and Regional Planning at Sheffield University. He later went on to work in estate agency, planning consultancy and in local government with Sheffield City Council, before going to Singapore in 1978. He is a Fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and became a Member of the Royal Town Planning Institute in 1981. He has authored many papers on housing issues and was a Senior Lecturer in Real Estate Economics and Town Planning at the National University of Singapore from 1978 to 1983. During his time in Singapore he also acted as an advisor to the Government's Housing Development Board and Urban Redevelopment Authority becoming a Member of both the Singapore Institute of Planners and the Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers.
Southampton F.C..
He moved to Hampshire in 1985 upon his return from Singapore and became a major sponsor of a number of Southampton players including Kevin Davies, Dan Petrescu and Graeme Le Saux before acquiring a 10% stake in the Club from existing Director Paul Thompson, the former West Bromwich Albion Chairman in February 2006. He went on to purchase further shares over the following months soon becoming the Club’s largest individual shareholder.
His first period as Chairman was from 30 June 2006 to February 2007, gaining his position following pressure on Rupert Lowe to resign, the club's previous Chairman of ten years. Shortly after his arrival as Chairman, the Club's Director of Football, Sir Clive Woodward left by mutual agreement as the Club went about trying to restructure it’s finances. A number of new players were brought into a depleted squad including Rudi Skacel, Kelvin Davis, Jermaine Wright, Bradley Wright-Phillips, and Inigo Idiakez, but despite the Saints being in a play-off position in the Championship under Manager, George Burley, Wilde resigned, reportedly due to a lack of promised investment from outside investors.
During his tenure Wilde also signed Academy player Gareth Bale to his first professional contract, who quickly became a first team regular. Bale was eventually sold to Tottenham Hotspur in a package potentially worth £10m to the Club. Bale has since (2013) been transferred to Real Madrid for a world record fee of 100 million EUROS.
Following a long period of boardroom upheaval in the Club after Wilde's initial departure, and after narrowly avoiding relegation to League One, Wilde and his earlier rival, Rupert Lowe, finally demanded an EGM to remove Chairman Leon Crouch and on 15 May 2008, Crouch and three other Directors resigned from the board. Wilde resumed his position as Chairman of the Football Club whilst Lowe became Chairman of the holding company, Southampton Leisure Holdings Plc.
Upon becoming Chairman again, Jan Poortvliet, who represented the Netherlands in the Final of the 1978 FIFA World Cup in Argentina, was appointed Head Coach to work with what was a very young squad for the 2008/9 season. Whilst showing promise the team struggled to remain consistent in the Championship, and when the Club were deducted 10 points as a result of its holding company going into administration, relegation to League One became inevitable.
Wilde has been based in Jersey since February 2006 and in March 2007 he became the main sponsor of the Jersey Football Association (JFA) and played a significant part in bringing the Jersey F.A. International Small Nations Tournament to the island in November 2008.
Other business career.
Whilst in Singapore, Wilde founded Contact Communication Services in 1983, a telecommunications company specialising in high-speed data communications and offering low-cost telex relay services throughout South-East Asia. The company quickly expanded through the establishment of operational offices in Hong Kong, East and West Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia and Australia. Wilde eventually exited the company through a sale to European Telecommunication giants, the Great Northern Telegraph Company of Copenhagen in 1988.
Upon returning to the UK, Wilde founded Merlion Housing Association in 1990, a specialist provider of privately funded affordable housing. He created and developed a shared equity model for the provision of Housing Association Grant free affordable housing and has been instrumental in this form of tenure becoming a key tool of affordable housing policy in the United Kingdom. The Association has provided homes to nearly 2,000 individuals and families in housing need since its incorporation and was the only privately funded Housing Association to receive funds under the Government's £200 million Starter Homes Initiative in 2001 aimed at providing key worker homes for, amongst others, teachers, nurses and the police.
Following the success of Merlion, Wilde went on to form a house building company, Infinity Homes Ltd, in partnership with its Chief Executive, Alistair Baker and in 2006 the company won the prestigious “Best Small Housebuilder” Gold Award in the Daily Telegraph sponsored What House? Awards, often referred to as the Oscars of the house building industry. Wilde acted as Non-Executive Chairman of the company until it ceased trading in 2008 due to the economic downturn. The holding company of Infinity Homes Ltd was, as a result, wound up in June 2011. Merlion Housing Association, however, continues to provide affordable housing to low income families, working closely with many Local Authorities throughout the United Kingdom
Wilde also co-founded Wildcard Films Ltd in April 2009 and was its Chairman until February 2011. He was executive producer of the company's critically acclaimed short film ""Roar"", starring Russell Tovey and Jodie Whittaker, which has won awards at several major international festivals, including the Grand Jury Prize for Best Screenplay at the Rhode Island International Film Festival, and Winner for Best Cinematography at the Aspen Shortsfest.
Although retaining strong links to the North-West, Wilde acquired Cardington House, a landmark property in Saint Aubin, Jersey in 2006 and after an extensive refurbishment programme opened it as a luxury boutique hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="5974837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974837" title="Bandar Baru UDA">
Bandar Baru UDA

Bandar Baru UDA (Jawi: بندر بارو اودا) is a major township in the city of Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia. It mainly consists of four phases where this townships has developed well and strategically located in the middle of Johor Bahru Town and transportation. The main population of this new town is Malay.
It has two primary schools (Sekolah Kebangsaan Bandar Uda (2) and Sekolah Kebangsaan Kompleks Uda) as well as a secondary school, Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Bandar Baru UDA.
Most of those staying at the terrace houses are professionals and higher middle class Malays. However there are small portion of rich people living in the bungalows areas, as well lower middle class population staying in the flats making this development area a truly economically diverse living place.

</doc>
<doc id="5974838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974838" title="Quijote Arena">
Quijote Arena

Quijote Arena is an arena in Ciudad Real, Spain. It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of BM Ciudad Real. The arena holds 5,863 people and was opened in 2003.
It is located on the Avenida de Puertollano, and is owned by the municipality of Ciudad Real.
Arena is expected to be extended in future to hold 7,500 spectators for the 2013 World Men's Handball Championship

</doc>
<doc id="5974842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974842" title="Turkmen People's Party">
Turkmen People's Party

The Turkmen People's Party, or Türkmen Halk Partisi, is a political party representing the Turkmen minority in Iraq. The Turkmen People's Party (Türkmen Halk Partisi), founded in 1997, was repressed under Saddam Hussein but has been able to operate freely since the regime was removed by U.S. and allied forces in the Iraq War.
Overview.
Following the Lausanne Agreement, attempts were made to divide and exploit the Iraqi Turkomans. The dictatorial regime that captured the government in Iraq increased their assimilation policies towards the Turkomans living in Iraq and tried to erase their identity via assimilation policies present in the national political agenda. In response, the Turkmen People's Party was founded.
The party seeks to form a central government for the democratic Iraqi Republic, by negotiating with their national, religious and political adversaries to reach an agreement that has minimum similarities among the participants. Thereby they can accept and sign up on a government which all of the said parties shall establish agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="5974843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974843" title="Pabellón Universitario de Navarra">
Pabellón Universitario de Navarra

Pabellón Universitario de Navarra is an arena in Pamplona, Spain. It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of Portland San Antonio and MRA Navarra FS. The arena holds 3,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="5974844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974844" title="Cultural icon">
Cultural icon

A cultural icon is an object that represents some aspect of the values, norms or ideals perceived to be inherent in a culture, or section of a culture. Cultural icons vary widely, and may a symbol, logo, picture, name, face, or indeed real or fictional people. They are easily distinguished and recognised.
In the media, many well-known examples of popular culture have been called "iconic". Some writers say that the word is overused.
Status.
The values, norms and ideals represented by a cultural icon vary both among people who subscribe to it, and more widely among other people who may interpret cultural icons as symbolising quite different values. Thus an apple pie is a cultural icon of the United States, but Americans may not agree on what it symbolises. The term has varying meanings; it is described by Dr Mike Parker as the "contested and poorly defined subject area of cultural iconicity". In Russia, nesting sets of matryoshka dolls have been popular toys since 1892, but are seen internationally as cultural icons of Russia.
Examples.
For example, widely accepted cultural icons of the United Kingdom include:
Cultural icons in general can be of almost any kind, for example human, such as the figure of the female athlete; film characters, such as Superman; animals such as the horse; aspects of science, such as DNA; disasters, such as the loss of the Titanic; books, such as Plato's Timaeus; artists such as Madonna, or types of boat, such as the oriental Dhow.
Icons and persons.
According to "Times of India":
Definition.
Cultural icons may be national, regional or about a city. And they can be symbols for a nation, or can show the values held by that state. For example, France uses Marianne as a symbol of the French Revolution. Bruce Lee is a symbol for the martial arts and philosophical culture of insight and knowledge in the entire world. Charlie Chaplin symbolises comical action while Clint Eastwood is a symbol for strength and masculinity. Jackie Chan is a global icon of comical stunts and martial arts based action. Salvador Dalí is the worldwide icon for the bizarre and eccentric.
Media overuse.
Some writers say that the terms "icon" and "iconic" have been overused. A writer in "Liverpool Daily Post" calls "iconic" "a word that makes my flesh creep," a word "pressed into service to describe almost anything." The "Christian Examiner" nominates "iconic" in its list of overused words, finding over 18,000 "iconic" references in news stories alone, with another 30,000 for "icon", including its use for "SpongeBob SquarePants".

</doc>
<doc id="5974853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974853" title="Palacio Municipal">
Palacio Municipal

Palacio Municipal may refer to:
City government headquarters:
Municipal congress centers:
Municipal sport installations:

</doc>
<doc id="5974863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974863" title="Palau d'Esports de Granollers">
Palau d'Esports de Granollers

Palau d'Esports de Granollers (Spanish:Palacio de Deportes de Granollers, English:Granollers Sports Palace) is an arena in Granollers, Catalonia. It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of BM Granollers. The arena, projected by the Catalan architect Pep Bonet, holds 5,685 people and was opened in 1991 for the 1992 Summer Olympics. During those games, they hosted the handball competitions. It is managed by the city of Granollers.

</doc>
<doc id="5974867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974867" title="Capitulum of the humerus">
Capitulum of the humerus

In human anatomy of the arm, the lateral portion of the articular surface of the humerus consists of a smooth, rounded eminence, named the capitulum of the humerus. In non-human tetrapods, the name capitellum is generally used, with "capitulum" limited to the anteroventral articular facet of the rib (in archosauromorphs).
It articulates with the cupshaped depression on the head of the radius, and is limited to the front and lower part of the bone.
Lepidosauromorpha.
Lepidosaurs show a distinct capitellum and trochlea on the centre of the ventral (anterior in upright taxa) surface of the humerus at the distal end.
Archosauromorpha.
In non-avian archosaurs, including crocodiles, the capitellum and the trochlea are no longer bordered by distinct ect- and entepicondyles respectively, and the distal humerus consists two gently expanded condyles, one lateral and one medial, separated by a shallow groove and a supinator process. Romer (1976) homologizes the capitellum in archosauromorphs with the groove separating the medial and lateral condyles.
In birds, where forelimb anatomy has adaptation for flight, its functional if not ontogenetic equivalent is the dorsal condyle of the humerus.
References.
Romer, A.S. 1976 Osteology of the reptiles. University of Chicago Press, Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="5974882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974882" title="Mohammad Barkatullah">
Mohammad Barkatullah

Mohammad Barkatullah (1898 – 1974), a Bangladeshi author, was born in Sirajganj.
Life.
He was a deputy secretary of education department of East Pakistan, later Bangladesh.
Writing career.
His literary works were included in the curriculum of school level, secondary, higher secondary and graduation level Bengali Literature in Bangladesh.
Books.
These books were written about ideology of Persian greats, Ferdousi, Rumi, Jami, Sa’di, Hafiz and many other Iranian Sufi (the core ideology of Islam) poets.

</doc>
<doc id="5974889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974889" title="Kong Kong">
Kong Kong

"For the AsiaSoft game, see KongKong Online"
Kong Kong is a small village near Pasir Gudang, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.
"Kong Kong" according to ancient Malaysian folklore, is a gigantic mythical tiger that was said to harbor great wisdom and feast upon the hearts of weak minded villagers.
Kong Kong is a haven for anglers and seasports enthusiasts with the waterfront providing a perfect setting. It is also famous for its seafood. The quiet and tranquil setting of the sea front adds to the romantic dinners here, especially popular with young people from Johor Bahru and Singapore. For those seeking a quiet place to spend their evenings or weekends, they can put up for a night or two here. A drive or walk to the nearby fishing village is an added unique experience in itself.
Not far away, is the Agriculture Park, which are planted with many varieties of durian, the king of Malaysian fruit. A large area of pandan coconuts and other types of fruits can also be found. There are also several ponds here, a driving range and a greenery. 

</doc>
<doc id="5974898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974898" title="Tanjung Kupang">
Tanjung Kupang

"Not to be confused with Kupang in East Nusa Tenggara and Tanjung Pinang in Riau Islands"
Tanjung Kupang is a small village near Nusajaya in Gelang Patah, Johor, Malaysia.
Malaysia Airlines Flight 653.
Tanjung Kupang was the crash site of Malaysian Airline System Flight 653 on December 4, 1977.
The flight was hijacked and crashed near Kampong Ladang, Tanjung Kupang. All 93 passengers and 7 crew perished and no recognizable body was found. The remains were buried in a common grave known as Tanjung Kupang Memorial at Jalan Kebun Teh.
Malaysia–Singapore Second Link.
The Malaysia–Singapore Second Link was built between Kampong Ladang at Tanjung Kupang, Johor and Jalan Ahmad Ibrahim at Tuas, Singapore. The bridge was built to reduce the traffic congestion at the Johor–Singapore Causeway, and was opened to traffic on 2 January 1998. The twin-deck bridge supports a dual-three lane carriageway and its total length over water is 1,920 m.

</doc>
<doc id="5974900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974900" title="Inside Out (Anthrax album)">
Inside Out (Anthrax album)

Inside Out is an EP released by heavy metal band Anthrax in 1999 by Ignition Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="5974904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974904" title="Tanjung Langsat">
Tanjung Langsat

Tanjung Langsat is a main industrial area and port in Pasir Gudang, Johor, Malaysia.
An onshore oil terminal was constructed at the area, with a total oil-storage capacity of 530 000 m³ installed by March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5974905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974905" title="Flanimals of the Deep">
Flanimals of the Deep

Flanimals of the Deep (ISBN 0571234038) is the third book in the Flanimals series from British comedian Ricky Gervais and illustrator Rob Steen. The book was published by Faber and Faber, London, UK on 5 October 2006 and includes such Flanimals as the Mulgi, Flambols, Bif Uddlers and Mulons.
"Flanimals of the Deep" won the 'Best Stocking Filler' book of the year in 2006, as voted on Richard and Judy's Christmas Book Reviews. It was also named the "WH Smith Children's Book of the Year" for 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5974910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974910" title="Olivella">
Olivella

Olivella is a municipality in Catalonia, in the province of Barcelona, Spain. It is situated in the comarca of Garraf.
History.
The first known village in the area was founded in 992 around a castle known as "Castell vell". The inhabitants lived off dryland agriculture.
This initial nucleus was almost abandoned after the black plague caused numerous deaths.
The area was resettled in the 14th century and gradually prospered.
Nowadays there are some new housing developments in the area as well as the "Sakya Tashi Ling". Buddhist monastery, located in Plana Novella.
Geography.
The village is located in the Garraf Massif, in a Natural Park area, not far from Barcelona.

</doc>
<doc id="5974915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974915" title="Painters Eleven">
Painters Eleven

Painters Eleven (variant names Painters 11 or P11) was a collective of abstract artists active in Canada from 1954 to 1960.
History.
Since the 1920s, artists in English Canada had been heavily influenced by the landscape painting of the Group of Seven, the Canadian Group of Painters and the Eastern Group of Painters. The Canadian public often regarded modernist movements such as Cubism, Surrealism and Abstract Expressionism as bizarre and subversive. The acquisition of modernist paintings - even Impressionist works – by public galleries was invariably a source of controversy. In Quebec, Paul-Émile Borduas and Jean-Paul Riopelle spearheaded the modernist collective known as Les Automatistes, which began having exhibitions as early as 1941. However, their artistic influence was not quickly felt in English Canada, or indeed much beyond Montreal.
Formation.
In 1953, eleven abstract painters from Ontario — Jack Bush, Oscar Cahén, Hortense Gordon, Tom Hodgson, Alexandra Luke, Jock Macdonald, Ray Mead, Kazuo Nakamura, William Ronald, Harold Town and Walter Yarwood — dubbed themselves Painters Eleven and held their first exhibition at the Roberts Gallery in Toronto in 1954. The exhibition, arranged by Jack Bush, was the first major commercial exhibition of abstract expressionist art in Toronto. Unlike the Group of Seven whose members' work evolved along parallel lines, Painters Eleven shared no common artistic vision apart from a commitment to abstraction. This was reflected in the diversity of the group's members. Decades separated the youngest from the eldest, and before they sold their paintings they made their living as freelance commercial artists or worked in advertising and as art teachers. Two had studied at summer schools conducted by the American abstract expressionist Hans Hofmann and William Ronald "sat in" on his classes, while others were graduates of the Ontario College of Art, and still others were self-taught. Within the group itself, the artistic center of gravity seems to have been Oscar Cahén, a gifted European émigré who became well known as an illustrator for a number of national magazines. At least three members of the group - Bush, Ronald, and Town - earned international reputations.
In Canada's conservative art world their first exhibition was met with confusion and disdain, typical of new art movements throughout history. By their third exhibition, in 1957, they had established abstract expressionism in Canada. Painters Eleven attained U.S. exposure with a successful exhibition in 1956 with the American Abstract Artists at the Riverside Gallery in New York, and were praised by the influential critic Clement Greenberg on a visit he paid to Toronto in 1957. In the Canadian press, the group's most ardent supporters were art critic Robert Fulford and writer Pearl McCarthy of the Globe and Mail. Eventually, the group's numbers were reduced by death and defection (Cahén was killed in a car accident in 1956, Ronald resigned in 1957) and the group formally disbanded in 1960.
Influence.
Painters Eleven are credited with the acculturation of English Canada's art-buying public to abstract expressionist painting. Their influence on the next generation of Canadian artists was immense, and their art is now a prominent feature in public galleries and corporate and private collections throughout Canada and in many international collections. The largest collection of their works can be found at The Robert McLaughlin Gallery in Oshawa, Ontario. Some of the group's members - notably Jack Bush, William Ronald and Harold Town - went on to greater success in the 1960s and 1970s. Jack Bush was given a major exhibition at the Art Gallery of Ontario in 1976, Harold Town in 1986 and Kazuo Nakamura in 2004. Works by the group's members are beginning to fetch high prices at Canadian fine art auctions. The last surviving member of the group, Tom Hodgson, a former Olympic canoeist and a dedicated abstract expressionist, died in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5974917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974917" title="Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant">
Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant

Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant (also known as Benjamin Constant), born Jean-Joseph Constant (10 June 1845 – 26 May 1902), was a French painter and etcher best known for his Oriental subjects and portraits.
Biography.
Benjamin-Constant was born in Paris. He studied at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris, where he was a pupil of Alexandre Cabanel. A journey to Morocco in 1872 strongly influenced his early artistic development and lead him to produce Romantic scenes under the spell of Orientalism. Among his noted works in this vein are "Last Rebels", "Justice in the Harem" (both in the Luxembourg Gallery), "Les Chérifas", and "Moroccan Prisoners" (Bordeaux). His large canvas, "The Entrance of Mahomet II into Constantinople" (Toulouse Museum), received a medal in 1876. 
After 1880, he changed his manner, devoting himself to mural decorations and to portraits. Prominent examples include the great plafond in the Hôtel de Ville, Paris, entitled "Paris Convening the World"; his paintings in the New Sorbonne, representing "Literature", "The Sciences", and the "Academy of Paris"; and the plafond of the Opéra Comique theatre. He was distinguished as a portrait painter, especially in England, where he was a favorite of the aristocracy. His portrait "Mons fils André" (Luxembourg) was awarded a medal of honor at the Salon in 1896. 
Benjamin-Constant painted Pope Leo XIII, Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom (1901), Lord John Lumley-Savile, and Henri Blowitz (1902). He was made a member of the Institute in 1893, and was a commander of the Legion of Honor. He visited the United States several times, and painted a number of portraits. The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York owns a large mural decoration by Benjamin-Constant entitled "Justinian in Council". 
He also was a writer of repute, contributing a number of studies on contemporary French painters. He died in Paris on 26 May 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="5974924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974924" title="Community and Parish of Saint George Thebarton, Adelaide, South Australia">
Community and Parish of Saint George Thebarton, Adelaide, South Australia

The Greek Orthodox Church of St. George is a church in the suburb of Mile End, in the South Australian capital of Adelaide. It is under the auspices of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia and spiritual direction of Archbishop Stylianos of Australia and is the largest Greek Orthodox church in Adelaide. This is partly due to the high population of Greek Australians in the area, mostly from Thebarton, Torrensville and Mile End.
__TOC__
Greeks of North-East West Torrens.
Throughout the 1950s the area became home to a large number of Greek migrants, and by 1966 they formed 13.4 per cent of the population in Thebarton. 
The "Greek Orthodox Community and Parish of Saint George Thebarton and Western Suburbs Inc." was formed in 1960 to help the expatriate Greeks, and in 1965 the members of that community built St. George's church. 
Today, the suburbs of Torrensville and Thebarton have a significant Greek Australian population, with 4,471 Greek Australians living in the area, that is 18.7 per cent of the total population, according to census data released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics in 2001.
Church Services.
Sunday services begin at 8:00 a.m. and end at approximately 11:00 a.m. Weekday services are held on major feast days between 8:00 a.m. and 9:30 a.m.
Holy Week Services are especially solemn and are the highlight of the Orthodox Church calendar.
The Good Friday evening service, which is officiated by the Assistant Bishop to Archbishop Nikandros of Dorylaeon, includes an anticlockwise procession on the streets with an epitaph being carried from the church at approximately 9:30 p.m. Police accompany the clergy and crowd for the entire procession, and close down the southbound lanes of South Road while the crowds walk behind the clergy and the epitaph.
On Holy Saturday evening, the midnight office begins at 11:00 p.m. At midnight the priest lights the trikeri (three candles) and invites the people to ""Come, receive the Light from the light that is never overtaken by night"". The people rush to be first to receive the flame in order to pass it on until the entire crowd (inside and outside) have their candles lit from the holy flame. This is followed by the priest going outside on to a temporary stage to read the Paschal gospel and the traditional Paschal hymn "Χριστός Ανέστη". The Paschal Sunday service continues until approximately 2:30 a.m.
School services are held four times a year, where all students and teachers from St. George College attend a liturgy for communion. As the number of students at the college exceed the seated capacity of the church, the school now holds separate liturgies for the school. One for the primary students and one for the high-school students.
Publications.
The Community and Parish publishes a quarterly magazine, "St. George Community News".
Attendance.
Sunday morning service attendance is approximately 300 - 500, which is the approximate capacity of the church. Celebrations such as the feast day of St. George usually have over 1000 people attending, and the outdoor sound system is turned on for the benefit of the hundreds outside. By far, the Good Friday evening service and the midnight Easter service have the greatest attendance of the year, with upwards of 5000 having attended in the past. 
People who serve in the church.
Father Diogenis Patsouris, Protopresbyter of the Ecumenical Throne OAM was appointed parish priest of Saint George in 1970. Father Konstantinos Skoumbourdis was appointed assistant priest on 1 August 2012. The Head Chanter at the church was Ilias Frangoulis, Archon Protopsaltis of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia until his retirement on 26 October 2011; he was succeeded by John Saredakis. The Left Chanter is John Archontoulis. The chanters and assistant chanters form the choir, which chants every Sunday at St George Church.

</doc>
<doc id="5974933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974933" title="İzmir Halkapınar Sport Hall">
İzmir Halkapınar Sport Hall

İzmir Halkapınar Sport Hall () is an indoor multi-purpose sport venue that is located in the Halkapınar neighborhood of İzmir, Turkey. The hall has a seating capacity of 10,000 spectators.
History.
Its construction began in December 2004, and the hall was put into service in June 2005 for the games of 2005 Summer Universiade. Bozoğlu construction company successfully finished the construction of Halkapınar Sport Hall in six months.
International events hosted.
Competitions in gymnastics, basketball, volleyball, and fencing are held in this modern hall. The site hosted the European Seniors Fencing Championship, which was held between July 4 and 9, 2006 in İzmir. 
Volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's European qualification was contested from January 7 to 13, 2008.
The arena hosted Pool A,C and E matches of the 2009 Men's European Volleyball Championship.
The venue was used for hosting İzmir matches of 2010 FIBA World Championship for the matches of Group D.
Round-robin matches of 2011 Basketball World Cup were played between August 11–13, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5974951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974951" title="Mercedes College, Perth">
Mercedes College, Perth

Mercedes College is a private, all girls' high school located in the CBD of Perth, Western Australia.
The school was founded in 1846 by the Sisters of Mercy, thus making it the oldest independent Catholic girls' school in Australia, and the oldest existing secondary school in Perth.
There are currently 800 students attending the college and the current principal is Sheena Barber.
The name "Mercedes" comes from the Spanish word for mercy.
History.
The school has its beginnings in the landing at the Swan River Colony of Irish Sisters of Mercy. Led by Sister Ursula Frayne, they founded the first Catholic school in the colony on 2 February 1846
beginning their teaching with just one pupil. Classes were conducted in a rented St Georges Terrace cottage, near Victoria Avenue. By the end of the first day's teaching, the numbers had swelled to six students. Enrolment grew to 100 by the end of 1846, by which time the school had moved to permanent accommodation at Victoria Square.
The first Mercy Convent in Australia was constructed in 1847 on the Victoria Square site, and remains in use today, known as "Holy Cross Convent".
-->
Two separate schools were run from the Victoria Square site. The original was known as St Joseph's School, and was a free, co-educational school. The other school run from the site was Ladies' College, opened in 1896, which did charge for tuition. It was later renamed "Our Lady's College". The two schools amalgamated in 1967 to form Mercedes College. The last of the school's boarding students left in 1981.
Over the years, the number of Sisters of Mercy at the site has dwindled, with the last Mercy Sister Principal of Mercedes, Sister Assisium Wright, retiring in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5974956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974956" title="Yanal Bog">
Yanal Bog

Yanal Bog () is a 1.6 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest on the southern edge of the North Somerset Levels, just north of the village of Sandford, North Somerset. It was notified as an SSSI in 1988.
Site description.
Yanal Bog is a calcicolous lowland mire. Underlying the site are gravels and clay alluvium. Above this sits a layer of peat. This results in a high water table, creating a distinct domed landscape feature.
Biological Interest.
The plant communities of the mire are nationally rare in Britain, and support two species, Black Bog-rush ("Schoenus nigricans") and Blunt-flowered Rush ("Juncus subnodulosus"), which have restricted distributions in south-west England, and a number of species which are localised in the Avon area. Surrounding the raised mire is a belt of grassland, and although this is included within the SSSI, it is largely made up of common grass and herb species.
In the community in the western part of the mire, Blunt-flowered Rush, Purple Moor-grass ("Molinea caerulea") and Carnation Sedge ("Carex panicea") are abundant species, and this part of the mire is characterised by the presence of a number of species which favour base-rich conditions. Black Bog-rush is locally abundant along a wet drainage ditch in this western part of the site. In the eastern part of the mire Purple Moor-grass and Blunt-flowered Rush are again abundant, but the abundant sedge species here are Lesser ("Carex acutiformis") and Greater Pond-sedges ("C. riparia"). Common Reed ("Phragmites australis") and Marsh Horsetail ("Equisetum palustre") are also frequent. This part of the site supports plant species associated with more neutral conditions.
The site has a species-rich flora; species which occur here but are localised or confined to specialised habitats in the Avon are Flea Sedge ("Carex pulicaris"), Saw-wort ("Serratula tinctoria"), Meadow Thistle ("Cirsium dissectum"), Marsh Valerian ("Valeriana dioica"), Dyer’s Greenweed ("Genista tinctoria"), Marsh Arrowgrass ("Triglochin palustris"), Southern Marsh-orchid ("Dactylorhiza praetermissa"), Fen Bedstraw ("Galium uliginosum"), Devil’s-bit Scabious ("Succisa pratensis") and Tawny Sedge ("Carex hostiana") and Tufted-sedge ("Carex elata").

</doc>
<doc id="5974965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974965" title="Henry Langtry">
Henry Langtry

Henry Langtry (1841–1892) was an Irish-born war hero of English descent who served as a colonel with the 3rd Dragoon Guards in the Abyssinian campaign in 1868 and was present at the storming and capture of Magdala (Medal).
Langtry's military career started as a 2nd lieutenant in the Antrim Militia, 1st Royal Artillery on 28 July 1856. He was promoted to 1st lieutenant on 28 March 1859. He then served as cornet in the 3rd Regiment of Dragoon Guards (Prince of Wales) from 16 August 1861.
Langtry served with the 15th Hussars in the Candahar Column in the Afghan war of 1878-80, including the advance to khelat-i-Ghilzai; commanded a detached squadron of his regiment at the affair in the Ghlo Pass, 4 January 1879; also served with the Thull-Chotiali Field Force under Brigadier General Biddulph, and accompanied Major General Phayre in his march to Candahar (Medal).
Colonel Langtry also served in the First Boer War of 1881 with the 15th Hussars. 
Langtry died in 1912 in St Marylebone, London.

</doc>
<doc id="5974967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974967" title="Alfonso Bialetti">
Alfonso Bialetti

"Alfonso Bialetti"' (1888–1970) was an engineer who became famous for acquiring Luigi De Ponti's invention of the simple yet elegantly designed "Moka Express" coffeemaker. Designed in 1933, the coffee pot has been a style icon since the 1950s. It is the source of nostalgia and affection for many Italians and is an essential and fashionable part of almost every "cucina italiana" ("Italian kitchen"). While many variations of the Moka have been developed, including the Bialetti cow-printed Mukka Express (which makes cappuccino), the Moka Express is a time-honoured classic. Bialetti was also the founder of Bialetti Industrie S.p.A, the now giant Italian kitchen-ware company.
The Bialetti Company.
Bialetti first acquired his metal-working skills by working for a decade in the French aluminium industry. By 1919 he had established his own metal and machine workshop in Crusinallo (his native Piedmont) to make aluminium products: this was the foundation of the Bialetti company. He transformed his workshop – Alfonso Bialetti & C. Fonderia in Conchiglia – into a studio for design and production.
The "Moka Express".
Design.
Bialetti completed his design for the aluminium Moka Express in 1933. It may also be referred to as a Moka, Moka pot, a Bialetti, a percolator or a stove-top coffeemaker, and in Italian as "la Moka", "la macchinetta" ("the little machine") or "la caffettiera". The blueprints for the Moka Express are on display in the London Design Museum . Bialetti was probably heavily influenced by contemporary designers such as Hoffmann, Puiforcat, Genazzi and Henin; to a certain extent he copied and built upon their coffee-pot designs. The coffee pot’s clean classic design with its symmetrical eight-faceted metallic body is easily recognisable—it followed the same design for over 70 years (unusual in a world of constantly changing products). Since its creation the Moka has become the world’s most famous coffee pot and has been cited in the Guinness Book of World Records as well as in various essential design books. The Bialetti design has also provided an inspiration for modern designers; Julian Lwin, a New York designer, paid homage to the Moka Express with his own "Dr. Octagon Espresso" set of table and chairs.
The use of aluminium to construct the body of the coffee pot was also a relatively new industrial concept as aluminium was not a traditional "domestic metal". Soon the material was to become more common in kitchens and the mid-1930s are considered to be the golden era in the production of aluminium products for the kitchen. The coming together of coffee and aluminum may have been inevitable, however, it was the Bialetti design together with the use of the novel metal which made the coffee-pot something rather special.
Development and marketing.
The Moka was eventually to transform the Bialetti company into a leading Italian coffee-machine designer and manufacturer. Between 1934 and 1940 the humble Moka was only marketed locally - sold by Alfonso at the weekly markets in Piedmont. In these six years he only produced 70,000 units. By 2001 a total of 220 million units had been produced and to date the number has reached 330 million. During World War II the rising prices of coffee and aluminium stalled production of the Bialetti products. It was not until Renato, Alfonso’s son, took over in 1946 that the Bialetti product line was narrowed down to a single product: the Moka Express. A huge multi-faceted marketing campaign was initiated by Renato. It incorporated television, billboards which saturated the streets of Milan and even the creation of a giant statue of the Moka Express coffee pot. Copy-cat designs were infiltrating the market by now and advertising turned out to be a key strategy in defining the success of the Moka and ensuring the popularity of the Bialetti brand. "L'omino con i baffi" – the Moka mascot – was based on a humorous cartoon doodle of Alfonso Bialetti. The initial sketches and logo were created in 1953 by Paul Campani. By 1956 the Bialetti company had managed to construct a state-of-the-art factory in Omegna.
Social impact.
In terms of socio-economics the invention of the Moka Express brought espresso from the coffeehouse and coffee bar to the home. That is certainly the impression the advertisements wanted to send out to people. Previously, only the middle and upper classes had the means to brew high-quality (i.e.: café-quality) coffee at home; coffee-drinking was, for the majority, a public affair. This was because the high-quality coffee makers were all large and expensive machines used by (and marketed specifically for) baristas. The creation of the small, efficient, user-friendly and affordable Moka allowed people to quickly brew intense and good-tasting coffee in the comfort of their homes. The Moka Express was to replace more primitive coffee-makers from the late 19th century such as the Napoletana and the Milanese.
Mechanics of coffee percolation.
Aromatic compounds and other flavour compounds are extracted from coffee grains by the Moka using a process known as percolation. The verb to percolate is defined as: to cause a solvent (i.e.: water) to pass through a permeable substance (i.e.: coffee) especially for extracting a soluble constituent. In order to percolate or brew the coffee the percolator is placed on a stove element and heated until pressure in the water compartment increases causing the water to rise through a funnel, through the coffee grains, through a filter and, finally, into the top compartment. According to the Bialetti corporate lore the mechanical design for the Moka was inspired by the primitive washing-machines used by housewives: linens were boiled in tubes built around a central conduit that drew the boiling soapy water up through it and redistributed it across the linens through a radial opening.

</doc>
<doc id="5974970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974970" title="Mohammad Lutfur Rahman">
Mohammad Lutfur Rahman

Mohammad Lutfur Rahman (1889-1936), a Bangladeshi author, was born in Magura District. 
Life.
A first, he was a teacher and afterwards went to Kolkata and established a helping house for women named, ‘Naritirtha’. Published a magazine named ‘Narishakti’. 
Later, became a homeopathic doctor.
Writing career.
His literary works were included in the curriculum of school level, secondary, higher secondary and graduation level Bengali Literature in Bangladesh.
Self-developing books.
Mohammad Lutfur Rahman is alive till now for these works.

</doc>
<doc id="5974973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974973" title="Bukit Jelutong">
Bukit Jelutong

Bukit Jelutong (est. pop. 44,000) is an upscale suburb of Shah Alam, the capital of Selangor state, Malaysia. The suburb is a planned community, with an area of over and developed by Guthrie Property Holding Berhad (GPHB), a subsidiary company of Sime Darby. Due to the suburb's upscale status, the residential units in Bukit Jelutong are mostly low-density bungalows and duplex houses, as well as some terraced houses. Bukit Jelutong has many parks and open grass areas.
History.
Bukit Jelutong is located on a former oil palm plantation, the Bukit Jelutong Estate, which was owned by Kumpulan Guthrie Berhad. The development of Bukit Jelutong began in 1996, with the construction of the Guthrie Pavilion building, the present headquarters of GPHB. Since then, Bukit Jelutong has emerged as a much sought-after address in Shah Alam, with consistently well-received sales launches and price levels of real estate approaching those in more established areas in the Klang Valley, e.g. Petaling Jaya and Subang Jaya. In July 2005, the Guthrie Corridor Expressway connecting Bukit Jelutong to Rawang opened.
Infrastructure and amenities.
Transportation.
Bukit Jelutong is well-served by an excellent road network. The suburb is linked to Kuala Lumpur, Petaling Jaya, Shah Alam, Klang and other population centers in the Klang Valley by the North Klang Valley Expressway (NKVE), the Guthrie Corridor Expressway (GCE), the Federal Highway and the North-South Expressway Central Link (ELITE). The expressways also link Bukit Jelutong to the Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport, Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) and Port Klang.
Commercial.
Bukit Jelutong has a small commercial center where sundry businesses are located. GPHB had intentionally avoided developing large-scale commercial areas to avoid traffic congestion and noise to maintain the suburb's atmosphere of serenity and exclusivity. Nonetheless, Bukit Jelutong has close proximity to the Tesco and Giant stores, which are located just outside the suburb next to the GCE.
Industrial.
The Bukit Jelutong Industrial Park is located in the eastern outskirts of Bukit Jelutong. It is a low-density industrial park hosting low-pollution, hi-tech industries as well as logistics warehousing and service facilities. The tenants are mostly multinational corporations from various industries, such as Xixili, Scania, ThyssenKrupp and Schenker AG.
Recreation and leisure.
Besides the abundance of parks, Bukit Jelutong is also notable for its proximity to several golf courses and country clubs. These include the Kelab Golf Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah, the Glenmarie Golf & Country Club, the Monterez Golf & Country Club, and the Saujana Golf & Country Club. The Shah Alam Stadium is also only a 5-minute drive away from Bukit Jelutong.
Community.
Community Participation.
The Bukit Jelutong community has proven to be a close community judging from its regular events. The main yearly event is the Bukit Jelutong Carnival held annually. The Carnival is organised by the Bukit Jelutong Residents Association
Bukit Jelutong Residents Association.
Registered in 2002, Bukit Jelutong Residents Association is very active. Regular events benefiting the residents are held regularly. Driven entirely by volunteers who are residents of Bukit Jelutong, the association is known for its close rapport with the local authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="5974976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974976" title="Bukit Subang">
Bukit Subang

Bukit Subang is a township in Shah Alam, Selangor, Malaysia. This development project is led by Guthrie Berhad.

</doc>
<doc id="5974983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974983" title="Andy Ferrell">
Andy Ferrell

Andrew Eric "Andy" Ferrell (born 9 January 1984) is an English footballer who plays for Bedlington Terriers as a midfielder. He played in League Two for Hereford United during the 2006–07 season.
Career.
Born in Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear, Ferrell began his career as a trainee in the youth system at hometown club Newcastle United, before signing a professional contract on 5 December 2002. He was released at the end of the 2003–04 season without making an appearance for the first team although he had impressed for the reserve team, scoring 11 goals in 21 starts. He signed a one-year contract with Watford on 7 July 2004, where he made two appearances in the League Cup in the 2004–05 season, scoring the winning goal in the first round against Cambridge United. He made no other appearances for Watford and left the club at the end of the season when his contract was not renewed.
After trials at Darlington, Forest Green Rovers and Hereford United, Ferrell signed for Conference National outfit Hereford on 9 August 2005. In his first season with the club, he was a regular in central midfield, making 38 appearances and scoring two goals in all competitions as Hereford reached the 2006 Conference National play-off Final and won promotion to League Two in May 2006. He signed a new one-year contract in April 2006 to keep him at Hereford for the 2006–07 season. In his second season with the club, he was in and out of the starting XI, making 27 league and cup appearances, but scored in the 4–0 win over League One side Port Vale in the FA Cup.
With the return of Ben Smith, his first team opportunities were limited and he was loaned to Conference National team Kidderminster Harriers in March 2007 for the remainder of the 2006–07 season. However, he picked up a groin injury in his first game, which ended his season prematurely. He was released at the end of the season and subsequently signed for Kidderminster on a permanent contract. He made 42 league and cup appearances for Kidderminster in the 2007–08 season and signed a new one-year contract in May 2008.
He signed for fellow Conference Premier team York City on 19 May 2009. He made his debut in a 2–1 defeat to Oxford United on 8 August. He scored for York in a 3–2 victory over Tamworth with a shot from outside the penalty area. He scored a penalty kick to give York a 1–0 victory over Corby Town in the FA Trophy third round, which proved to be his final appearance for the club after signing a one-and-a-half year contract for Gateshead on 1 February 2010 for a fee of £3,500, making his debut on 6 February against Mansfield Town. Ferrell scored his first goal for Gateshead on 9 October in a 3–1 home victory against Tamworth. Having failed to affirm his place in the team he was transfer listed by Gateshead on 20 January 2011.
On 1 March it was announced that Ferrell would join Barrow on a one-month loan on 3 March, after playing for Gateshead reserves in the Durham Challenge Cup the previous day. He made his debut for Barrow on 5 March in a 0-0 draw with York. He scored his first goal for Barrow on 15 March in a 4-2 win away at Southport. Ferrell was released by Gateshead on 4 May 2011 and signed a one-year contract with former club Barrow on 22 June. He joined Conference North side Blyth Spartans on a one-month loan on 12 March 2012. Ferrell scored on his debut for Blyth the following day in a 3–3 draw away at Droylsden, and went on to play seven times for the Northumberland club during his loan spell.
Ferrell signed for Northern League Division One side Bedlington Terriers on 10 July 2012.
In June 2013, he was sentenced to 4 years in prison for his part in a major drug-dealing gang
Style of play.
Ferrell is able to play as a central midfielder or left midfielder and his play has been described as being combative.
Honours.
Hereford United

</doc>
<doc id="5974992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974992" title="Willi Steffen">
Willi Steffen

Willi Steffen (17 March 1925 – 3 May 2005) was a Swiss international footballer who played as a left-back.
Steffen started out as an amateur with Cantonal Neuchâtel and later became the first Swiss footballer to play in England when he signed for Chelsea. He had only journeyed to England to learn the language, having been sent by his parents in preparation for him joining the family's fruit and vegetable business, but his teacher turned out to be the wife of then-Chelsea manager, Billy Birrell. He was given a trial and signed for the club in July 1946.
Steffen was a cultured and dedicated full back, tall and pacy, who quickly became a crowd favourite at Chelsea, while his blonde hair and good looks also won him admirers. He made his debut in a 3-1 loss against Derby County and played 20 league and cup games for Chelsea during the 1946-47 season, including a memorable FA Cup win over Arsenal at Highbury, during which he expertly marked winger Ian McPherson. Steffen returned to Switzerland at the end of the season to finish his national service and was made club captain in his final game for Chelsea, also against Derby.
Upon his return to Switzerland he re-joined Cantonal before moving to Young Boys Bern in 1950. With them, he won the Swiss Super League four years in succession from 1957-60 as well as the Schweizer Cup in 1953 and 1958.
A former fighter pilot, Steffen played for Switzerland at the 1950 FIFA World Cup, though they went out in the group stages. He also played in a 1-0 win over an England side containing Stanley Matthews, Tommy Lawton and Billy Wright in Zurich in 1947. He won 28 international caps for his country.
He died in Bern in 2005, aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="5974993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974993" title="A.C. Renate">
A.C. Renate

Associazione Calcio Renate is an Italian association football club located in Renate, Lombardy. It currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione group A. 
For the 2010-11 and 2011-12 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione seasons they'll play in the Stadio Città di Meda in Meda as their home field, Stadio Mario Riboldi in Renate, didn't fit Lega Pro's criteria.
History.
The club was founded in 1947 as "Unione Sportiva Renatese".
On 1961 the club has changed its name with Associazione Calcio Renate.
Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
On August 4, 2010 the team was admitted for the first time, in the season 2010-11, in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione group A where it reached the play-offs losing with FeralpiSalò, which will be then promoted.
Colors and badge.
Its colors are blue and black.
Current squad.
Sports Manager.
The former and famous player Massimo Crippa since the summer 2010 is the sports manager of the club.

</doc>
<doc id="5974997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974997" title="Ernst Moerman">
Ernst Moerman

Ernst Moerman (1897–1944) was a Belgian writer and film director.
He directed only one film—"Monsieur Fantômas" in 1937—but this work is very important in the history of the Belgian cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="5974999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5974999" title="Ford Customline">
Ford Customline

The Ford Customline is an automobile that was produced by Ford in the United States for model years 1952 to 1956. 
First generation: 1952 to 1954.
1952.
The Ford Customline was introduced in 1952 as the mid-range model in that year’s US Ford range, positioned below the Ford Crestline and above the Ford Mainline. It was offered in 2-door sedan, 4-door sedan, 2-door coupé & 4-door station wagon body styles. The coupe was marketed as the Club Coupe and the station wagon as the Customline Country Sedan. 1952 Customlines were available with 215 cid inline six-cylinder or 239 cid V8 engines. Production totaled 402,542 units.
1953.
The 1953 Customlines utilized the 1952 bodies with only minor changes. Production totaled 761,662 units.
1954.
The 1954 Customlines utilized the 1952-53 bodies with only minor changes. The Customline range now included a new 2-door Ranch Wagon. Engines were now 223 cid inline six-cylinder or 239 cid overhead valve V8. 1954 Customline production totaled 674,295 units.
Second generation: 1955 to 1956.
1955.
The 1955 Customline was redesigned with new longer, lower and wider bodies. It continued as the mid range trim level, now positioned below the new Ford Fairlane and above the Ford Mainline. It was offered in 2-door sedan and 4-door sedan body styles only with the wagons now included in their own series. Customlines were available with 223 cid inline six-cylinder or 272 cid V8 engines. 1955 Customline production totaled 471,992 units.
1956.
The 1956 Customlines utilized the 1955 bodies with only minor changes. A Customline Victoria 2-door hardtop was added to the range. 1956 Customline production totaled 368,653 units.
The Customline was not carried over to the 1957 model year. 
Australian production.
The Customline was also produced by Ford Australia from 1952 to 1959. Cars were assembled using Australian built bodies and imported chassis kits which included all front sheet metal. In addition to the Customline sedan, a limited number of station wagons and the Australian developed Mainline Coupe Utility were produced.
The 1952 model was updated in 1953 and 1954 along the lines of the US Fords. All were powered by the Flathead V8 which went into Australian production in 1952. This included the 1954 model which was fitted with the older engine rather than the new overhead valve Y-block V8 which had been introduced in the US for 1954.
The 1955 body was used for four model series in Australia. The 1955 model was powered by the overhead valve Y-block V8 which had entered partial Australian production with locally sourced components. The 1956 model featured the 1956 US Customline grille, 12 volt electrics and a new Fordomatic automatic transmission option. The 1957 model retained the 1956 body but featured a large V8 badge positioned in the grille and utilized 1956 Ford Fairlane trim. The 1958 model used the 1955 Canadian Meteor grille with a four-pointed star and 1956 Meteor side trim. The 1958 ‘star model’ was badged as either a Customline or as a Fordomatic Production ended in September 1959 with the introduction of Australian assembled 1959 Fairlane 500, Custom 300 and Ranch Wagon models. An estimated 18,000 examples of the 1955-1959 sedan were produced.

</doc>
<doc id="5975006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5975006" title="Raymond O. Faulkner">
Raymond O. Faulkner

Dr Raymond Oliver Faulkner, FSA, (26 December 1894 — 3 March 1982) was an English Egyptologist and philologist of the ancient Egyptian language.
He was born in Shoreham, Sussex, and was the son of bank clerk Frederick Arthur Faulkner and his wife Matilda Elizabeth Faulkner (née Wheeler). In 1912 he took up a position in the British Civil Service, but his employment was interrupted by World War I, when he entered the armed forces. After a brief period of service, he was invalided out and rejoined the Civil Service in 1916.
Faulkner developed an interest in Egyptology, and in 1918 he took to studying Egyptian hieroglyphs in his spare time at University College London under the tutelage of Margaret Murray. In 1926 he became the full-time assistant to Dr Alan Gardiner, from whom he received philological training and encouragement to publish his works on hieroglyphic texts.
He was the editor of the "Journal of Egyptian Archaeology" from 1946–59, and wrote many books, articles, and reviews. In 1950 he was admitted as a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries.
In 1951 Faulkner became an assistant in language teaching at University College London, progressing to become a lecturer in Egyptian language – a post he held from 1954 to 1967. He received his Doctor of Letters degree from the University of London in 1960.
Faulkner's main area of interest was Egyptian philology, and he made major contributions to Egyptology with his translations and indexes of many important ancient Egyptian texts, as well as his autographic dictionary of Middle Egyptian (which remains an important and standard reference for modern Egyptologists and students of the ancient Egyptian language).
He died in Ipswich, Suffolk, on 3 March 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="5975008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5975008" title="John Russ">
John Russ

John Russ (October 29, 1767, Ipswich, Massachusetts – June 22, 1833, Hartford, Connecticut) was a United States Representative from Connecticut. He completed his preparatory studies and then moved to Hartford, Connecticut where he engaged in mercantile pursuits.
Russ was elected to the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Congresses (March 4, 1819 - March 3, 1823). He was not a candidate for reelection in 1823 and was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1823 to the Connecticut State House of Representatives. He was elected to the State house of representatives in 1824 and then elected as a judge of the Hartford Probate Court in 1824 and served until 1830.
He died in Hartford, Connecticut on June 22, 1833, aged 65, and was buried in the Old North Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5975013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5975013" title="Cowboy diplomacy">
Cowboy diplomacy

Cowboy diplomacy is a term used by critics to describe the resolution of international conflicts through brash risk-taking, intimidation, military deployment, or a combination of such tactics. It is criticized as stemming from an overly-simple, dichotomous world view. Overtly provocative phraseology typically centralizes the message.
One of the earliest known applications of the term was in 1902, when it was used by Jackie Lawlor from Westford, Massachusetts and the American press to describe U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt's foreign policies. Roosevelt had at the time summarized his approach to international diplomacy as "Speak softly and carry a big stick", an adage that was engraved on a bronze plaque on Donald Rumsfeld's office desk in the Pentagon and has set the modern precedent.
The term has since also been applied to the presidential administrations of Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush.

</doc>
<doc id="5975017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5975017" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Lashio">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lashio

The diocese of Lashio is a Roman Catholic diocese of Myanmar centered at Lashio. The diocesan territory covers a land area of 61,266 square kilometers. Philip Lasap Za Hawng (1945- ) is the current Bishop of Lashio (from 1998).
History.
The mission territory of the Northern Shan State was first evangelized around 1869 by MEP Fathers from the Archdiocese of Mandalay.
At a later phase in 1930, the PIME Italian Fathers took over and much expansion was made both east and west of the Salween River. A two-pronged mission drive was made at that early stage from the two Prefectures of Lashio and Kengtong. Under the aegis of the Italian Missionaries, who were joined by a group of zealous diocesan priests, much headway was made. From the very start, a tough little group of Italian Reparation sisters worked alongside the priests. They helped open schools, boarding houses, nurseries and clinics.
Nationalization.
The nationalization of all mission and also private schools was a terrible blow. The Church lost all of her schools overnight. However, it was also a blessing in disguise. The Religious now turned to direct mission apostolate. The Holy See entrusted Lashio to the Salesians in 1975, making it a Prefecture. Monsignor Jocelyn Madden, the Salesian Delegate, was the first Apostolic Prefect. On his early retirement, another Salesian, Monsignor Charles Bo, succeeded him. More development end further expansion took place. In 1989, twin celebrations were held: the golden jubilee of the start of the mission and the reopening of the Wa State Mission (the extensive area east of the Salween River).
Creation of bishopric.
In recognition of the work of the Salesians, the Vatican moved fast. On Dec. 16, 1990, Monsignor Charles Bo was appointed the first bishop of the newly created Diocese of Lashio.
A further landmark was made in 1991, when the new Catechist Training Center was inaugurated in Lashiogyi. Under the able guidance of the De La Salle Brothers, a two-year special course is given to catechists from all dioceses.
In the span of some 20 years, the diocese has ordained new diocesan priests. Bishop Bo also founded a Missionary Congregation of Brothers and Sisters of St. Paul. Its special charism is direct evangelization "ad gentes". It started with a few teenage boys and girls in 1990 and is now a flourishing congregation of 49 professed Religious. It is spread out in 13 houses, 10 in Lashio, 2 in Pathein diocese, and 1 in Pyay diocese.
Then, Bishop Bo was appointed Bishop of Pathein on May 24, 1996. Bishop Philip Lasap Za Hawng was installed as the new Bishop of Lashio diocese on Oct. 4, 1998. On the same solemn occasion, two diocesan priests were ordained for Lashio by Bishop Bo, former prelate of Lashio.
Bishop Za Hawng continued to promote the newly founded Missionary Congregation of Brothers and Sisters of St. Paul. However, in 2000, the brothers decided to move to Pathein where the founder could give close attention to their formation. The sisters remained in the Diocese of Lashio and continue to grow in numbers. Now, there are 70 professed sisters who are in 16 houses—11 in the home diocese of Lashio, three in Pathein, one in Pyay, and one in the Diocese of Myitkyina. In June 2005, the Novitiate of St. Paul Sisters from Lashio started their mission in the Archdiocese of Yangon, according to the wish of the Archbishop of Yangon, the founder of the Association of the Missionary Sisters of St. Paul. 

</doc>
<doc id="5975022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5975022" title="Morocco national handball team">
Morocco national handball team

The Moroccan national handball team is the national handball team of Morocco and is controlled by the Fédération Royale Marocaine de Handball based in Rabat, Morocco.

</doc>
