<doc id="5945470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945470" title="Dil">
Dil

Dil (, translation: "heart") is a 1990 Bollywood romantic drama film starring Aamir Khan, Madhuri Dixit, Anupam Kher and Saeed Jaffrey. It was directed by Indra Kumar with music composed by Anand-Milind. "Dil" clashed with Sunny Deol's "Ghayal" at box-office when released and subsequently went on to become a super-hit. The film was remade in Telugu in 1993 under the title Tholi Muddhu, starring Divya Bharti and Prashanth in the leading roles.
Plot summary.
Hazari Prasad (Anupam Kher) is a miser who dreams of finding a rich young woman for his only son, Raja (Aamir Khan), to marry. However, Raja is a spendthrift who is only interested in spending his father's money on wild parties.
One day as Raja is walking to his college, a passing jeep douses him with mud and the rude response of the beautiful Madhu (Madhuri Dixit) who is driving enrages Raja. He tricks Madhu into thinking that he is blind and then mocks her when the truth is revealed. The two quickly become enemies and play pranks on each other. Raja causes Madhu to trip during a dance rehearsal, and she forces him into a fight with the school's champion boxer Shakti (Adi Irani), which Raja wins.
Meanwhile, Hazari is looking for a bride with a large dowry for Raja, only to find that his involvement in the wastepaper business makes his son a less-than-stellar marriage prospect. While visiting a lavish hotel, Hazari accidentally runs into a rich man, Mr. Mehra (Saeed Jaffrey), who has one daughter. Hazari hires actors to pretend to be his staff and gives beggars large quantities of counterfeit money to masquerade as a wealthy industrialist. He quickly becomes friends with Mr. Mehra and the two agree to marry their children to each other. However, when Raja meets his prospective bride, she turns out to be Madhu and the two refuse to consider the possibility of marriage.
Madhu takes her dislike of Raja too far on a weekend school retreat when she falsely accuses him of trying to rape her. Raja is furious that his reputation has been ruined and reprimands her for her dishonesty and thoughtlessness, pointing out that many men would take their revenge, but he is different. Madhu instantly falls in love with Raja and kisses him in front of her entire class. The two enjoy an idyllic holiday. When they return to the city for their engagement party, Mr. Mehra discovers Hazari's true financial circumstances. Furious, he insults and strikes Hazari who immediately takes offense. Raja and Madhu are forbidden by their parents to see each other again.
Nevertheless, the two continue to secretly meet. When Mr. Mehra discovers this he arranges to have some thugs beat up Raja. He also decides to send Madhu away where she will not be able to contact Raja. Before he can do so, Raja sneaks into Madhu's house and the two are married on the spot. Mr. Mehra banishes Madhu from the house, declaring that she is dead to him. Hazari also disowns Raja when he discovers that he has married the daughter of his greatest enemy. The couple moves into a small shack and Raja finds work as a construction worker. Despite their poverty, they are happy.
Raja is hurt at the construction site. Madhu goes to beg his father for money to pay for an emergency operation. Hazari agrees, but only if she divorces him. He removes her wedding necklace and, in despair, Madhu returns to her father's house. Seeing her distress, he forgives her, but orders her to never see Raja again. When Raja recovers, Hazari tells him that Madhu returned to her father and never visited him at the hospital. Believing Madhu has deserted him to return to a life of luxury, Raja returns to his parents. Later, he discovers from his mother (Sarita Joshi) that Madhu did not come to see him in the hospital because of his father's blackmail. He rushes to stop her from taking a plane to London but arrives after it takes off. Luckily, Madhu did not take the plane, and the two manage to reconcile their parents.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was very popular when it was released., especially appealing to the younger generation. Anand-Milind were nominated for best music direction, but lost to "Aashiqui", that catapulted Nadeem-Shravan to the top spot. "Dil" is regarded as one of the best soundtracks of its time and most of its songs were instant hits. After the film released and was a success, the makers added a new song (a common trend back then), "Dum Dama Dum", which also became popular. "Dil" is one of the few films with all the songs being certified hits.
Awards.
Madhuri Dixit was awarded the 1991 Filmfare Best Actress Award for her role as Madhu.
Nominations.
Anand-Milind were nominated along with their other film "" for best music but lost out to Nadeem-Shravan for the well deserved "Aashiqui".
Controversies.
The music ran into controversy when Gulshan Kumar of T-Series (who owned the music) had dubbed the songs originally rendered by Alka Yagnik with Anuradha Paudwal. Furthermore, he only dubbed the songs voiced by Alka Yagnik and spared the song "Humne Ghar Choda Hai" sung by Sadhna Sargam. Following this episode, Alka did not work with music directors Anand-Milind for two years and with T-Series for seven years. Interestingly, when she did work with T-Series again in 1997, history repeated itself, this time for the film "Itihaas", with her songs being dubbed by Anuradha Paudwal once again. (Itihaas means history.) By then, Alka Yagnik was a much bigger name and her protests ensured that the music company retained both versions in the final soundtrack. Alka Yagnik's versions were retained in the film as well.
"O Priya Priya" was copied by Anand-Milind from the 1989 Ilayaraja original in Telugu film "Geethanjali".

</doc>
<doc id="5945485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945485" title="Mingyinyo">
Mingyinyo

Mingyinyo (; also Minkyinyo; ; 1459–1530) was the founder of Toungoo dynasty of Burma (Myanmar). Under his 45-year leadership (1485–1530), Toungoo (Taungoo), grew from a remote backwater vassal state of Ava Kingdom to a small but stable independent kingdom. In 1510, he declared Toungoo's independence from its nominal overlord Ava. He skillfully kept his small kingdom out of the chaotic warfare plaguing Upper Burma. Toungoo's stability continued to attract refugees from Ava fleeing the repeated raids of Ava by the Confederation of Shan States (1490s–1527). Mingyinyo left a stable, confident kingdom that enabled his successor Tabinshwehti to contemplate taking on larger kingdoms on his way to founding the First Toungoo Empire.
Early history.
Mingyinyo was born Maung Nyo to Maha Thinkhaya, and Min Hla Nyet. His father was a descendant of Kyawswa I of Pinya, who himself was a descendant of kings Narathihapate of Pagan and Thihathu of Pinya, and his mother was a daughter of Sithu Kyawhtin, governor of Toungoo (1470–1481). He was most likely born in Ava (Inwa) as his maternal grandfather Sithu Kyawhtin did not become governor of Toungoo until 1470, and prior to 1470 served at King Thihathura I's court at Ava. He was born in 1459.
Maung Nyo was likely about eleven or twelve years old when his entire family moved to Toungoo with Sithu Kyawhtin's appointment as governor. After Sithu Kyawhtin's death in 1481, his eldest son Min Sithu inherited governorship. (The governorships in that era were hereditary, and were a primary cause of endemic rebellions that plagued Ava. The Restored Toungoo kings (1599–1752) would later eliminate the hereditary rights of local governors.) Maung Nyo wanted to marry his first cousin, Soe Min Hteik Tin. But because his uncle Min Sithu repeatedly rejected Nyo's numerous requests, he murdered his uncle, took his cousin as wife. He seized power in c. April 1485.
Reign.
After assassinating his uncle and seizing the governorship, Mingyinyo sent a present of two young elephants to King Minkhaung II of Ava. In normal times, killing a governor was a serious crime. But Minkhaung II was facing a serious rebellion nearer to Ava (by his brother Minyekyawswa of Yamethin)–Prome farther south had already revolted in 1482–did not want another rebellion. He gave Mingyinyo recognition as governor of Toungoo, and solicited Toungoo's help in the rebellions. Mingyinyo also received recognition from Hanthawaddy and Lan Na, and received propitiatory tribute from the Karenni.
Loyal vassal of Ava (1485–1501).
Mingyinyo, now styled as Thiri Zeya Thura, eagerly assisted Ava in its fight against Yamethin. (His grandfather Sithu Kyawhtin died in 1481 fighting against the Yamethin rebels.) Even with Toungoo's help, the Yamethin rebellion was intractable and remained a stalemate. (It would remain so until Minyekyawswa's death in August 1500). With Ava chiefly preoccupied by Yamethin, Mingyinyo grew more confident and on 11 November 1491 (10th waxing of Natdaw 853 ME) built a new fortified city called Dwayawaddy (still near Toungoo), at the estuary of the rivers Kabaung and Paunglaung.
Mingyinyo soon tested his power by meddling into the ascension affairs of Hanthawaddy Kingdom, the much larger kingdom to the south. In 1491–1492, Hanthawaddy's new king Binnya Ran II came to power by killing off all the royal offspring. Taking advantage of the chaos in the southern kingdom, Mingyinyo sent a probing raid into the territory of Hanthawaddy without Minkhaung II's permission. At Kaungbya, he killed its Shan governor in single combat by jumping onto his elephant and cutting him down. Hanthawaddy's response was swift. In late 1495, Binnya Ran II sent in a combined land and naval force of 16,000, which ultimately laid siege to the new built Dwayawaddy itself. Toungoo barely survived the siege but Mingyinyo would not make war against the larger neighbor for the remainder of his life.
Minkhaung II nonetheless upgraded Mingyinyo's title to Maha Thiri Zeya Thura for surviving the Hanthawaddy attack (although it was Mingyinyo who without his permission provoked the attack). Minkhaung had little choice but to retain Mingyinyo as he was one of the remaining loyal vassals of Ava. In return, Toungoo participated Ava's campaigns against Yamethin and Prome for the remainder of the 1490s.
Nominal vassal of Ava (1501–1510).
By the turn of the 16th century, Mingyinyo's Toungoo was equally powerful as its nominal overlord Ava. Mingyinyo, though still loyal to Minkhaung, nonetheless accepted about a thousand Yamethin rebels, who fled to Toungoo after their leader died in August 1500. When Minkhaung II also died in April 1501, Mingyinyo was ready to assert his independence. He readily gave shelter to those who attempted on the life of the new king Shwenankyawshin.
Despite Mingyinyo's thinly veiled insurrection, the new king wanted to retain Toungoo's loyalty as he faced a new even more pressing problem of Shan raids from the north. In 1502, he bribed Mingyinyo by giving him his first cousin Min Hla Htut (styled as Thiri Maha Sanda Dewi) for marriage and the Kyaukse granary, the most valuable region in Upper Burma. Mingyinyo accepted the region, and deported much of the population between Kyaukse and Toungoo–Yamethin, Meiktila, etc.–to his capital. But not only did he not provide any help to Ava but he actively joined in the rebellions by the princes of Nyaungyan and Prome. Together with the rebel forces, he raided far north as Sale. In 1509, Taungdwingyi also came under his authority.
Independence from Ava (1510–1530).
In 1510, he founded Ketumati, the present-day Toungoo, complete with fortified walls. On 16 October 1510 (Full moon of Tazaungmon 872 ME) Mingyinyo formally announced Toungoo's independence. Ava was in no position to contest the decision, as it had more pressing problems with the Shan raids from the north. At any rate, the announcement was a mere formality. Toungoo had been de facto independent since 1501. After the formal declaration of independence, Mingyinyo largely stayed out of the endemic warfare between Ava and the Confederation of Shan States that consumed much of Upper Burma between 1501 and 1527. When Ava was on the ropes, he did move up his forward base to Yamethin and Taungdwingyi, former Ava territories, on 29 March 1523 (New Moon of Tabaung 884 ME). Ava responded by unsuccessfully laying siege to Toungoo for a month in April–May 1525. Otherwise, the kingdom was largely peaceful.
When the Confederation finally defeated Ava in March 1527, Mingyinyo deliberately devastated the countryside between Ava and Toungoo, filling the wells and breaking down the channels in the hope of making an impassable belt between Toungoo and the Confederation. The Burmese bureaucracy and population at Ava largely fled to Toungoo.
Mingyinyo died on 24 November 1530, and was succeeded by his son Tabinshweti.
Legacy.
Mingyinyo's 45-year reign was one of the few stable regimes in Upper Burma in the era. Toungoo's remote location (nestled between the Bago Yoma mountain range and the Karen Hill country, and cut off from the main Irrawaddy river valley) proved a vital advantage. It took effort to march to Toungoo. The stability of his kingdom attracted many refugees, and the flow of refugees accelerated after Ava's fall. The increased manpower allowed Tabinshwehti and his deputy Bayinnaung to imagine an offensive war against larger kingdoms. Tabinshwehti's improbable victory over Hanthawaddy had its beginnings in Mingyinyo's long stable rule.

</doc>
<doc id="5945491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945491" title="Darmstadt (disambiguation)">
Darmstadt (disambiguation)

Darmstadt is a city in the Bundesland (federal state) of Hesse in Germany.
Darmstadt may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5945498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945498" title="Gong Beibi">
Gong Beibi

Gong Beibi () (b. February 21, 1978 in Fujian, China) is a Chinese film actress. Beginning her career as a child actress, she later graduated from the prestigious Central Academy of Drama where she gained fame and popularity among young audiences in China after starring in several popular TV series and feature films in both China and Hong Kong. Due to her success while still a student, she became dubbed in the media at the time as "little Gong Li".
After graduating, she continued diversifying her roles with different projects, including "Bus 44", which gained her critical acclaim in China, Europe, and North America where it premiered and won awards at the Venice Film Festival, Sundance Film Festival and Cannes Film Festival.
In 2005, Gong Beibi starred in the feature film "Waiting Alone" which opened to critical raves at the Tokyo Film Festival. The indie film was released nationwide in September 2005 and became a hit with youth audiences across China and one of the best reviewed and most talked about Chinese films the year. Later in the year, "Waiting Alone" was nominated for several awards including "Best Picture" at the Chinese academy awards (Golden Rooster Awards). Gong Beibi's memorable performance in "Waiting Alone", which Variety magazine called "impressive", caught the attention of Hollywood.
Gong's 2007 Chinese holiday ensemble comedy "Call for Love" was a success at the box office, she followed up with a special appearance in "Connected" the Hong Kong action film remake of "Cellular".
Gong is next seen co-starring with Aaron Kwok in the thriller "The Detective 2" and the black-comedy "Inseparable" alongside Kevin Spacey and Daniel Wu.
Personal life.
Graduated from Central Drama Academy in Beijing, China. She can speak Mandarin, Taiwanese, and English.

</doc>
<doc id="5945504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945504" title="José Lázaro Robles">
José Lázaro Robles

José Lázaro Robles, best known as Pinga (February 11, 1924 – May 7, 1996) was a Brazilian footballer.
He was born in São Paulo. During his career (1943–1964) he played for Juventus, Portuguesa and Vasco da Gama, where he played 466 matches from 1953 to 1962 and scored 250 goals. Defending the Brazilian team he participated in the Copa America 1953 and the 1954 FIFA World Cup, playing two games and scoring two goals. He died at 72 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="5945514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945514" title="Yair">
Yair

Yair is a Hebrew name. Pronounced ya-EAR, it is a Hebrew verb meaning "he will light" or "he will enlighten". It appears both in ancient Jewish sources and as a familiar name in contemporary Israel. 
In Scriptural and archaic form, it may appear as Jair or Ya'ir.

</doc>
<doc id="5945517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945517" title="Oachira Temple">
Oachira Temple

The Oachira Temple is an extremely ancient temple located in Oachira in Kollam district in the South Indian state of Kerala. According to the Puranas, this temple is one of the famous sacred places of Kerala and India. Oachira is on the border of Kollam and Allappuzha districts, next to the National Highway 47. This very ancient pilgrimage center is centered on the ParaBrahma temple (that is dedicated to the Para Brahman (or Param Brahman) or Ohmkaram, the Universal Consciousness), and covers thirty-six acres of land.
Every year the Oachira Vrischikam Festival is celebrated during December and January. "Oachirakkali" is a famous ritual performed here during June and it involves mock-fighting in muddy water by traditional martial art experts. And "Erupathattam onam" (28 days after Onam) is also celebrated. It is the festival of cattle. In this festival, huge "Eduppu kala" (gigantic bull shaped structures) are made. They are then pulled on giant wheels to the Oachira Temple from the site where they are made. Normally there are around 50 such structures. It is the biggest festival in "Onattu Kara" which is an area of a few square miles. "Oachirakkali" was actually a war exercise performed annually by soldiers of Kayamkulam Raja. Nearby, about 108 Kalaries were in 52 karas up to the beginning of 20th century. Soldiers belonging to the above Karas met together at Oachira in the Malayalam month of "Mithuna" every year and performed war-like exercises. This is what is called Oachirakkali. During the years of the Kayamkulam Rajah, Oachirakkali was started after the blessings of nearby "Nambiathiris", high order Nambudiri Brahmins, having the knowledge of "Dhanurveda" (the science of arms) who were also experts in "Smrithy Sasthras".
Ward and Conner, two British officials entrusted to survey Travancore in the beginning of 19th century, made their observations about Oachira in their report. In the report it was made clear that there was a very old and damaged pagoda on the eastern side of the "Padanilam". It was also disclosed that there was a large reservoir at the center of the vast ground on which the temple stands, (which was now known as Kallukettuchira), and which is outside the temple compound today.
History of the place name "Oachira".
There are many beliefs as to why this place is called Oachira. Some people believe that the place name came from the word "Omkarachira" and some others believe that the name is originated from the name "Oymanchira". Also there are strong beliefs that the name derived from "Uvachanchira" as Uvachan means Lord Siva as per belief. All these assumptions are based on myths.
The real reason for arriving at the name of Oachira is possibly different. For that, we should understand the observations made by the two British officials, Ward and Conner, who conducted a survey in the erstwhile Travancore during the beginning of the 19th century. In their survey report, it was mentioned that there was a large reservoir at the center of the large ground called Padanilam. This reservoir (tank/pond/chira) was at the center of the Padanilam. This chira was used by the soldiers in olden days for bathing and for supplying water to the horses used in the war exercises. This "chira" might have been known in olden days as "Onattuchira", as the place belonged to the Kayamkulam Raja who was also called the "Odanattu Raja" or simply "Onattu Rajah". The Headquarters of Kayamkulam Raja was at that time at Krishnapuram, very near to the Padanilam (which is hardly 1 km away from Oachira). So it is believed that the word "Onattuchira" was gradually accepted as the place name and as time passed by further, that word was corrupted into "Oachira". This is quite a plausible explanation as there are so many examples in known history about the transformation of place names.
The Oachira Temple is unique in the sense that it does not have covered structures for temples. People worship the Para Brahma (the original formless power who manifests as the three supreme forms of God, namely Brahma/Vishnu/Siva) under neatly preserved trees.

</doc>
<doc id="5945539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945539" title="Pulaski County High School">
Pulaski County High School

Pulaski County High School can refer to more than one United States high school:

</doc>
<doc id="5945555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945555" title="Regina (opera)">
Regina (opera)

Regina is an opera by Marc Blitzstein, to his own libretto based on the play "The Little Foxes" by Lillian Hellman. It was completed in 1948 and premiered the next year. Blitzstein chose this source in order to make a strong statement against capitalism. In three acts, the musical style has been described as new American verismo, abounding in the use of spirituals, Victorian parlour music, dance forms, ragtime, aria and large, symphonic score.
Borrowing from both opera and Broadway styles, in a manner similar to Leonard Bernstein in "Trouble in Tahiti" and Virgil Thomson in "Four Saints in Three Acts", "Regina" has been said to straddle the line between entertainment and so-called serious music. Hellman gave Blitzstein considerable advice and strongly objected to any departures from the play's structure. Blitzstein planned an elaborate choral prologue, but Hellman convinced him to shorten and finally jettison it. Before the premiere, producer Cheryl Crawford insisted on still further cuts to the opera, asking Blitzstein to reduce the work from three acts to two. He did so, cutting fifteen minutes of music out of the party scene.
Leonard Bernstein described "Regina"'s relationship to "The Little Foxes" as "coating the wormwood with sugar, and scenting with magnolia blossoms the cursed house."
Performance history and versions.
"Regina" premiered on Broadway at the 46th Street Theatre in New York on October 31, 1949 conducted by Maurice Abravanel and directed by Bobby Lewis with choreography by Anna Sokolow. Jane Pickens, formerly of the pop trio the Pickens Sisters, played Regina, and Brenda Lewis was Birdie. The first production received mixed reviews and closed on December 17, 1949.
In 1953, the City Centre Opera produced a different version of the opera with greatly expanded orchestration, giving the work a more "operatic" rather than "Broadway" sound. Bobby Lewis directed again, using the same sets. Brenda Lewis, Birdie in the 1949 cast, now took the lead as Regina. The 1953 production restored the party scene but cut other material. This production was a success, leading the company to revive the work again in 1958, with still more cuts. The 1958 version completely eliminated the onstage Dixieland band that had been an essential part of Blitzstein's plan for the work. The 1958 version, which was Hellman's favorite although furthest from the composer's intentions, was recorded.
The first major revival of "Regina" since the 1958 production was in 1977, in Detroit, by the Michigan Opera Theatre with John Yaffé, conductor, directed by Frank Rizzo, design by Franco Colavecchia, choreographed by Grethe Barrett Holby. It was again produced in 1980, by the Houston Grand Opera. The first British Performance was produced in Glasgow in 1991 by the Scottish Opera. New York City Opera revisited "Regina" in 1992 and cut music further from the 1959 version, which had come to be called definitive. The Scottish Opera production was released as a recording in 1992 by John Mauceri and the Scottish Opera Orchestra, with Katherine Ciesinski (replacing the original Regina, Katherine Terrell) and Samuel Ramey. This recording included nearly all the music written for the opera.
Maestro Robert L. Larsen of the Des Moines Metro Opera has championed the opera and produced it in both 1994 and 2008. The Florida Grand Opera produced a new staging of the work in 2001, with Stewart Robertson conducting. Yet another version of the opera was mounted by the Chicago Lyric Opera in 2003, with much music restored but with many scenes involving the black servants deleted, as the well-intentioned portrayals of black characters had come to seem sentimental and patronizing. This last production also added lines of dialogue from Hellman's play to clarify the story. Pacific Opera Victoria in Victoria, British Columbia and Long Leaf Opera in Chapel Hill, NC, produced the opera in 2008.
An out-of-print piano/vocal score of "Regina" was published by Chappell. Subsequently, scholars working with Blitzstein's collected papers at the State Historical Society of Wisconsin have reinstated music and dialogue excised earlier. Today, a restored "Regina" can be produced according to Blitzstein's intentions, so long overridden in earlier versions.
Synopsis.
Setting: the Deep South in the year 1900
Regina Giddens schemes with her brothers Ben and Oscar for money and power. When her crippled husband Horace opposes her plans, Regina denies him his heart medication and he dies of a heart attack. Their daughter Alexandra, realizing the true cause of Horace's death, finds the strength to leave her mother. Having double-crossed her brothers as well, Regina is left wealthy but alone.
Musical numbers.
Musical highlights include the following:
"Stand where the angels stand," Prologue
"Make a quiet day/Consider the rain" (Rain Quartet), Act III
Birdie's Aria ("Lionnet"), Act III<br>
"Greedy Girl," sung by Ben, Act III

</doc>
<doc id="5945556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945556" title="The Oaks, Elgin">
The Oaks, Elgin

The Oaks is an NHS Scotland Palliative Care Day hospital in Elgin, Moray, Scotland, administered by NHS Grampian.
The Oaks is a purpose-built unit to provide specialist care and support for people with cancer and other progressive illnesses in Moray. The Centre focuses on the control of pain and symptoms with the aim of reducing suffering and improving quality of life.
In 1997 the Hospice in Moray (H.I.M) steering committee published their proposals for a day hospice in Moray, and £2.2 million was raised by Macmillan Cancer Relief towards the creation of The Oaks. The facility was built in a leafy setting, using extensive timber-cladding and with colourful planting. It opened on 2 June 2003 and officially was opened by HRH Prince Charles, Duke of Rothesay on 5 August 2003. It was awarded a Macmillan Quality Environment Mark (MQEM) in 2010, recognising the high standards in building design. An extension was opened in 2011, providing a larger lounge and dining area.
The Oaks is situated in its own grounds approx ½ mile from Dr Gray's Hospital on the main A96 towards Inverness.

</doc>
<doc id="5945558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945558" title="Ghost (video gaming)">
Ghost (video gaming)

In video games, a ghost is a feature included in time attack or time trial modes allowing the player to review their previous rounds. In racing games, for example, a ghost car may follow the last or fastest path a player took around the track. In fighting games, the ghost is an opponent that the computer AI player can train against outside of normal player versus player or story mode. 
Ghosts in racing games.
Ghost cars in racing games generally appear as translucent or flashing versions of the player's vehicle. Based on previously recorded lap times, they serve only to represent the fastest lap time and do not interact dynamically with other competitors. A skilled player will use the ghost to improve his time, matching the ghost's racing line as it travels the course. Many racing games, including "Gran Turismo", "F-Zero", and "Mario Kart", offer a ghost function. Some also show ghosts set by staff members and developers, often showing perfect routes and lap times.
A variation of the feature, dubbed by Firemonkeys Studios as "Time-Shifted Multiplayer", was implemented in the mobile racing game "Real Racing 3". It works by recording the lap times of people in each race, and using statistics from other players for the game's artificial intelligence to recreate their lap times for the player to beat. The ghost cars can collide with the player and other vehicles, and are fully visible to the player.
Ghosts in rhythm games.
On "Elite Beat Agents" and "Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan!" games multiplayer mode, you can choose to use your saved replay data instead of playing the game yourself.

</doc>
<doc id="5945565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945565" title="Afrikaner nationalism">
Afrikaner nationalism

Afrikaner nationalism () is a political ideology that was born in the late nineteenth century among Afrikaners in South Africa; it was strongly influenced by anti-British sentiments that grew strong among the Afrikaners, especially because of the Boer Wars.
According to historian T. Dunbar Moodie, Afrikaner nationalism could be described as a kind of civil religion that combined the history of the Afrikaners, their language and the Afrikaner Calvinism as key symbols. A major proponent of the ideology was the secret "Broederbond" organisation and the National Party that ruled the country from 1948 to 1994. Other organisations aligned with the Afrikaner nationalist ideology were the Federation of Afrikaans Cultural Organisations ("Federasie van Afrikaanse Kultuurvereniginge ", FAK), the Institute for Christian National Education and the White Workers' Protection Association.
Formulating the ideology.
One of the first champions of Afrikaner nationalism was ordained minister Stephen Du Toit of the Dutch Reformed Church, who was also one of the founding members of the "Broederbond" as well as the publisher of "Die Afrikaanse Patriot" newspaper. In his writings, Du Toit put forward the notion that Afrikaners were a distinct nationality with a fatherland (South Africa) and their own language (Afrikaans) and that the "volk's" destiny was to rule South Africa.
Dutch Reformed Church.
Religion, especially Afrikaner Calvinism, played an instrumental role in the development of Afrikaner nationalism and consequently the apartheid ideology. The Dutch Reformed Churches of South Africa were involved throughout the 18th century in a constant battle against modernism and modernity. They aligned with the conservative views of Abraham Kuyper, who emphasised God's authority over separate spheres of creation. These spheres, for example historical nations, had to be preserved and protected from liberalism and revolutionary ideologies. Kuyper also rejected the Enlightenment with its emphasis on human rationality and individuality and thought that it had led to the ideals of equality, fraternity and freedom of the French Revolution. In his view, all these ideas challenged God's authority. Afrikaner theologians worked from this foundation and defined a number of political, economic and cultural spheres that had their separate, independent destinies. The Afrikaner history was also reinterpreted through a Christian-nationalistic ideology. Already Paul Kruger, president of Transvaal and a founding member of the "Nederduitsch Hervormde Kerk", referred to it as "sacred history" with "volk" as the chosen people, where the Great Trek was seen as the Exodus from the British rule in Cape to the Promised Land of the Boer Republics.
Secular Afrikaner nationalism.
During the 1930s and 1940s many intellectuals partook in the theoretical formulation of the Afrikaner nationalism. Nicolaas Johannes Diederichs, who later became South Africa's president, formulated the Afrikaner nationalistic ideology in his book ""Nationalism as a Worldview and Its Relationship to Internationalism"" through Kuyperian theology. According to Diederichs, God created nations and these nations had God-ordained right to exist as separate entities. Therefore Afrikaners could refuse a "British-designed" South Africa in which they would co-exist with other ethnic groups as a minority. Geoffrey Cronje developed these ideas further and argued, that as long as the Afrikaner existed as a minority in a racially and culturally different environment, they could not allow the black majority to develop economically or politically, since this would lead to black domination. He acknowledged this as unjust and unchristian and as a solution offered total segregation, that is apartheid, between the blacks and the whites.
The Afrikaner nationalist intelligentsia, along with the National Party and the "Broederbond", ended up formulating a radical nationalistic policy which rejected British hegemony in economics and politics as well as ethnic "mengelmoes" ("mess") induced by the transportation of black migrant workers around the country. Their solution was a drastic reordering of the South African demographic map with a dominant Afrikaner Republic not influenced by British imperialism. However, because of the opposition of the urban middle class they did not propose a return to conservative, pre-modern Boer pastoralism.
Afrikaner nationalism and race.
Initially during the 19th century, the position of the Dutch Reformed Church on the nationalistic issue was more pragmatic than ideological and, for example, in South Africa, racial segregation was accepted as a harmonious way of administering heterogeneous community. The economic depression in 1905–09 changed this attitude when a new group of "poor whites", mostly Afrikaners, emerged. By 1939 the racial segregation had been made into a church dogma: "
The Afrikaner state as a Christian civilisation thus had a divine right to stay separate and rule the surrounding "heathen" nations.
Afrikaner nationalism and national socialism.
Afrikaner nationalism and Nazism had common roots in religio-nationalism and Pan Germanism and therefore the racist elements of the former were easily assimilated into the earlier. For example, Afrikaner criticism of the capitalistic system inter-war period was quite anti-Semitic. Many Afrikaner nationalists also viewed a Nazi German style strong government as necessary to protect the "volk". Just before, and during World War II, these sentiments led to the appearance of a number of pro-Nazi Afrikaner nationalistic organisations, such as the "Ossewabrandwag" and its paramilitary wing "Stormjaers".
Afrikaner nationalistic politics.
J. B. M. Hertzog led the National Party to the 1915 and 1920 elections under the slogan "South Africa first" to create a South Africa independent from the British influence. In the 1924 elections he defeated the South African Party led by Jan Smuts, after Smuts had used force to end the Rand Revolt of white miners in 1922, and stayed in power for 15 years in a coalition government with the Labour Party. During his reign, he steadily promoted Afrikaner nationalism while deepening the racial segregation in the country.
"Broederbond".
During the 1930s a group of "Broederbond" members shaped the Afrikaner nationalistic ideology, by trying to create a common "Christian-nationalistic" identity for all white, Afrikaans speaking South Africans as well as introducing the idea of "Volkskapitalisme" (people's capitalism) that tried to take control from the "British" or "Jewish" foreign economic system and to adapt it to Afrikaner's national character. "Volkskapitalisme" strived to improve the economic conditions of the Afrikaners who in general at the time were less well-off than the English-speaking whites in South Africa. In practice the program consisted of utilising the Afrikaner capital into new and existing Afrikaner businesses. Although "volkskapitalisme "managed to develop some Afrikaner businesses, such as Sanlam and Volkskas into corporate giants that still have a central role in South African economy, in the end the economic benefits for the majority of the poor Afrikaners were slim.
Despite the efforts of the "Broederbond" activists to "Afrikanerise" South Africa, the uptake of this new Christian-nationalistic Afrikaner identity was slow and unenthusiastic. According to electoral studies, the majority of the target group (white, Afrikaans speaking South Africans) did not vote for the Afrikaner nationalistic National Party until the early 1960s.
Popular media.
During the 1930s and 1940s Afrikaner nationalists constructed an "imagined community" of the Afrikaner with maps and narratives of its heroic past, moral purpose and a place among other nations. These ideas were spread through new emerging Afrikaner print media, such as the Christian-nationalistic journal "Koers" (Direction) and a more popularised "Inspan", magazines such as "Huisgenoot", books published by the "Burger Boekhandel" publishing house and the newspapers "Die Burger", "Transvaler" and "Volksblad". The usage of Afrikaans instead of Dutch was aggressively promoted throughout the 1920s especially in white schools. The Bible was translated into Afrikaans by J. D. du Toit, E. E. van Rooyen, J. D. Kestell, H. C. M. Fourie, and BB Keet in 1933.
Rise to power.
The South African opposition during the World War II of the country's involvement in the war against Nazi Germany led to the National Party's rise to power in the 1948 elections, to the implementation of the apartheid politics in the country and finally to the culmination of Afrikaner nationalistic mobilisation in 1961 when the country resigned from the British Commonwealth and became a republic. The National Party government implemented, alongside apartheid, a program of social conservatism. Pornography, gambling, and other such vices were banned because they were thought to be elements contrary to the "Afrikaner way of life". Even adultery and attempted adultery were banned (by the Immorality Amendment Act, Act No 23 of 1957).
Emerging conflicts.
During the 1960s a split emerged in the Afrikaner electorate over the issue of how to preserve a distinct identity in a multi-ethnic society: one faction insisted on preserving the national identity through strict isolation, while others thought that such barriers needed to be relaxed. As a sign of this, in the 1970 election a radical splinter group from the National Party, Herstigte Nasionale Party, got 3.59% of the vote compared to the National Party's 54.86%. The gulf widened further during the 1980s partly because of the international pressure against apartheid.
One notable Afrikaner nationalist organisation was the Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging (AWB), a political and former paramilitary group. The group had the support of an estimated 5–7 percent of white South Africans in 1988. The organisation was beset by personal and militant scandals in the late 1980s and early 1990s that led to diminished support. This organisation was however never able to garner substantial Afrikaner support, which was held by the National Party until its dissolution.
In the 1990s the National Party acknowledged the failure of its ethnic project and under the leadership of F. W. De Klerk dismantled the political system set up from 1948. After apartheid, Afrikaner nationalism has lost most of its support.
After apartheid.
Although it has mostly disappeared from publicity, Afrikaner nationalism is kept alive through such political initiatives as the "Cyber Republic of the Boer Nation", which claims to be "the only white indigenous tribe in Southern Africa" and has tried to appeal to the UN Working Group on Indigenous Populations for the protection of cultural, linguistic and religious rights of people around the world. Also some marginal right wing political parties, such as the Herstigte Nasionale Party, still declare their goal to be the "unashamed promotion of Afrikaner nationalism".
The tradition of Christian-national education is continued by the Movement for Christian-National Education () which educates the youth of the Boere-Afrikaner "volk" in the Afrikaner Calvinist tradition, Boer culture and history as well as in Afrikaans language. The AWB had been largely inactive in South Africa since the demise of apartheid, although in 2008, the organisation was reactivated and is actively seeking an Afrikaner secessionist state within South Africa. On 3 April 2010, Eugene Terre'Blanche, leader of the AWB, was murdered on his farm.

</doc>
<doc id="5945570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945570" title="André Andersen">
André Andersen

André Andersen (born December 16, 1961 in Moscow) is a Russian-born multi-instrumentalist and composer best known as the keyboardist and founder of the Denmark-based progressive metal band Royal Hunt. He claims to be of mixed Danish and Georgian royal blood.

</doc>
<doc id="5945575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945575" title="Ulmus harbinensis">
Ulmus harbinensis

Ulmus harbinensis Nie & Huang, also known as the Harbin Elm, is a small elm found only in the province of Heilongjang in the northeastern extremity of China, where it occurs in mixed forest.
Description.
A robust, sturdy tree which can reach a height of < 15 m, with a slender trunk of 0.3 m d.b.h. The bark is irregularly but finely fissured. The wing-less glabrous branchlets bear small, obovate, coarsely pubescent leaves < 5.5 cm long by 3.5 cm broad. The wind-pollinated apetalous flowers appear in April; the generally orbicular samarae in June.
Pests and diseases.
No information available.
Cultivation.
The tree is very rare in cultivation beyond China.

</doc>
<doc id="5945577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945577" title="Boundary Country">
Boundary Country

The Boundary Country is a historical designation for a district in southern British Columbia lying, as its name suggests, along the boundary between Canada and the United States. It lies to the east of the southern Okanagan Valley and to the west of the West Kootenay. It is often included in descriptions of both of those regions but historically has been considered a separate region. Originally inclusive of the South Okanagan towns of Osoyoos and Oliver, today the term continues in use to refer to 
the valleys of the Kettle, West Kettle, and Granby Rivers and of Boundary and Rock Creeks and that of Christina Lake and of their various tributaries, all draining the south slope of the Monashee Mountains The term Boundary District as well as the term Boundary Country can both refer to the local mining division of the British Columbia Ministry of Mines, Energy and Petroleum Resources.
Geography.
The Boundary Country comprises the lower valleys of the West Kettle and Kettle Rivers and the lower Granby River. The Granby and Kettle converge just north of the border at Grand Forks, the largest city and heart of the Boundary. The Kettle crosses the border at the town of Midway, near the confluence of the Kettle and Boundary Creek, which flows out of the galena-rich Boundary Creek basin where the city of Greenwood is located. A small pass connects between the Kettle River basin and that of the Granby, where the town of Grand Forks lies immediately upon the border, and just east of which is the resort community of Christina Lake.
The other principal community of the Boundary Country is Rock Creek, which is located at the western end of the region where the creek of the same name meets the Kettle River. The area is rich with the sites of former towns and cities, most long defunct and nearly disappeared, although the names Kettle Valley, Boundary Falls, Anaconda, Phoenix and Eholt still appear on the map.
History.
The Boundary Country was part of the traditional territory of the Sinixt, a First Nations people of the Interior Salish language group (also known as "Arrow Lakes" Indians). Declared "extinct" as a band for purposes of the Indian Act but not as a tribal group by the government of Canada in the 1950s. Sinixt families still reside in the region as well as neighbouring Washington.
Europeans and Chinese first came to the Boundary Country in large numbers during the Rock Creek Gold Rush. In subsequent years followed the construction of the Dewdney Trail and, later on, discovery and industrialization of the area's rich mineral resources, notably gold and galena. The region for a while was an industrial powerhouse, with many large mines and smelters and associated towns. These were large enough that there were two provincial electoral seats in the area Greenwood and Grand Forks. Several towns from this era have since disappeared or vanished beyond recognition, among them Cascade Falls and Phoenix.
Political organization.
Federally, the Boundary Country is now part of the British Columbia Southern Interior electoral district. Historically it was originally part of the Yale riding (1871-1952) and afterwards had been in the Okanagan Boundary (1952-1966) and the Okanagan—Kootenay (1966-1968) ridings.
The Boundary Country is currently part of the West Kootenay-Boundary provincial electoral district. Previously it had been in the Okanagan-Boundary (1991-1996) ridings, Boundary-Similkameen (1963-1991), and Grand Forks-Greenwood ridings (1924-1963). From 1903 to 1924 it was represented by two ridings, Greenwood and Grand Forks, both of which had been created from the redistribution of the older West Kootenay (south riding) (1894 only) and prior to that West Kootenay riding (1890 only). Originally it was part of the Kootenay provincial electoral district.
The Boundary Country is currently part of the Kootenay Boundary Regional District.
Climate.
Rock Creek, Midway, Greenwood, Grand Forks and Christina Lake enjoy a semi-arid climate with fairly low precipitation, mild winters and hot summers. Higher elevation communities such as Westbridge, Beaverdell, Carmi, Christian Valley and Bridesville can also be considered semi-arid, but receive cooler temperatures and more precipitation, particularly snow. The Boundary Country as a whole shares a similar climate to the Okanagan Valley just to the West.
Municipalities.
The largest city in the region is Grand Forks with a city population of almost 4,000 and an area population of about 10,000. The incorporated municipalities in the Boundary Country are the cities of Grand Forks and Greenwood, town of Osoyoos, and village of Midway; Osoyoos is also situated in the Okanagan region. The unincorporated communities are Bridesville, Rock Creek, Westbridge, Christian Valley, Beaverdell, Carmi, Kettle Valley, Anaconda, Christina Lake and Cascade. During the area's smelting and railway heyday, Phoenix was also incorporated as a city but only Greenwood and Grand Forks retain their city status, with Greenwood proudly retaining the status of "Canada's Smallest City".

</doc>
<doc id="5945580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945580" title="Zoltan Crișan">
Zoltan Crișan

Zoltan Crişan (3 May 1955 – 14 October 2003) was a Romanian international footballer who played for FC Baia Mare, Universitatea Craiova, FC Bihor Oradea, FC Olt and Chimia Râmnicu Vâlcea.
He was semifinalist of UEFA Cup with Universitatea Craiova in 1983.
He also coached in Italy and Aurul Brad in Romania.
Ion Jianu a Romanian journalist, wrote a book about his life called "Patimile lui Crişan" (The Passions of Crisan) published in 2004. Crişan died of Tuberculosis on 14 October 2003

</doc>
<doc id="5945581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945581" title="Testimony of Truth">
Testimony of Truth

The Testimony of Truth is the third manuscript from Codex IX of the Nag Hammadi Library. The copy of the manuscript from the Nag Hammadi Codices is in horrible condition, and almost too fragmentary to actually read and begin to comprehend. The text is different from many other Christian texts in that it doesn't portray martyrdom as something to be glorified:
and
Testimony of Truth, also tells the story of the Garden of Eden from the viewpoint of the serpent. Here the serpent, long known to appear in Gnostic literature as the principle of divine wisdom, convinces Adam and Eve to partake of knowledge while "the Lord" threatens them with death, trying jealously to prevent them from attaining knowledge, and expelling them from Paradise when they achieve it.

</doc>
<doc id="5945586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945586" title="Hamilton Southeastern Schools">
Hamilton Southeastern Schools

Hamilton Southeastern School District is the primary school system for students living in Fishers, Indiana and portions of neighboring Noblesville, Indiana. The district consists of twelve elementary schools (K-4), three intermediate schools (5-6), three junior high schools (7-8), and two high schools (9-12). Hamilton Southeastern is home to the Hamilton Southeastern Royals and the Fishers Tigers. Hamilton Southeastern is the fastest growing school corporation in Indiana with 17,140 students in the 2008-09 school year increasing from 10,716 in 2002. Hamilton Southeastern is the 5th largest school district in Indiana. Its schools have very high ratings. Twelve of the eighteen schools in the district are four star schools as rated by the Indiana Department of Education. Of the six that are not four star schools, four are too new to be rated yet. Hamilton Southeastern High School and Hamilton Southeastern Junior High School were named No Child Left Behind Blue Ribbon Schools by the US Department of Education, only given to schools in each level annually. The district had an 23.1% higher passing rate on the math/English combined ISTEP+ tests when compared to the state average in 2006-07. Currently the school district is in a lawsuit allegedly over not preventing bullying of one of the students that resulted in a suicide. 

</doc>
<doc id="5945600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945600" title="Platan">
Platan

Platan is a Czech regional beer label. It is produced by Městský Pivovar PLATAN s. r. o. in the South Bohemian town of Protivín. It is a regional beer with a little bit of a bitter taste. Platan got its name from an alley of plane trees, because "plane tree" is ""platan"" in Czech.

</doc>
<doc id="5945603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945603" title="Los Angeles Tofu Festival">
Los Angeles Tofu Festival

Los Angeles Tofu Festival, usually known as Tofu Festival or Tofu Fest, was a weekend matsuri held every August in Little Tokyo, Los Angeles from 1995 to 2007. Due to ongoing redevelopment in Little Tokyo there is no longer enough space to hold a festival of the size of Tofu Fest, and it has been canceled indefinitely, the last festival being held in 2007.
Tofu is the primary ingredient of dishes and the cultural icon of the festival, which focuses on innovative Japanese and American cuisine within an "obon"-like atmosphere Due to Tofu Fest's wider cultural and commercial appeal, and larger funds to work with (Tofu Fest charges admission into its area [http://www.tofufestival.com/tofuindex/tofufest/attendee_info/tofu_festival_frequently_asked_questions/), it has outgrown Nisei Week's Street Arts Fair in booths — Tofu Fest's first fair had over 8,000 visitors and over 26,000 visitors by 2004 [http://www.ladowntownnews.com/articles/2004/07/19/entertainment/entertainment02.txt.
History and tradition.
Invented by several Little Tokyo Service Center (LTSC) board members as a theme for a food festival, Tofu Fest was approved by the LTSC in 1995 and added as a subcommittee to the Nisei Week Foundation with support from the Japanese American Cultural and Community Center (JACCC) and sponsorship from Hinochi (now House Foods). Tofu Fest became the first festival in honor of tofu worldwide in 1996.All proceeds go to the LTSC [http://www.tofufestival.com/tofuindex/tofufest/news_general/press_releases/.
Tofu Festival used annual themes to both enhance the atmosphere and promote certain goals. A tofu block is Tofu Festival's mascot, which changes appearance and nickname depending on the year's theme.The theme for 2006 was "It’s Hip to Be Square!", featuring the tofu block mascot wearing sunglasses and earrings. [http://www.tofufestival.com/tofuindex/tofufest/news_general/press_releases/
Attractions.
Beer, Wine & Sake Garden.
A selection of sake and beer was served in a sectioned off portion of Tofu Fest supplementing Little Tokyo's own beer gardens and Nisei Week's attractions. The sale of alcohol was under debate by the festival's committee in 1994 in regards to making the festival more family friendly [http://www.tofufestival.com/tofuindex/tofufest/news_general/history_of_the_tofu_festival/.
Celebrity Chefs.
Famous chefs exhibit their craft on a cooking platform, with fair goers getting the chance to taste dishes from the demonstrations. Masaharu Morimoto of Iron Chef was a recurring guest, appearing in the 2006 festival. [http://www.tofufestival.com/tofuindex/tofufest/entertainment/cooking_stage/]
Children's Pavilion.
Children were previously given an additional area to enjoy the festival as parts of the festival, like the alcohol garden, were unsuitable. After 2006, Children's Pavilion was no longer a featured event [http://www.tofufestival.com/tofuindex/tofufest/news_general/press_releases/.
Entertainment Stage.
Bands and artists appear live at the festival, ranging from instrumental groups, such as taiko and orchestra, to hip hop groups like Blackalicious [http://www.tofufestival.com/tofuindex/tofufest/entertainment/cooking_stage/].
Tofu Eating Contest.
The tofu eating contest was a race to eat a 14-ounce block of tofu in the shortest amount of time. Several elimination rounds are held before the final battle and winner's ceremony, where a prize is given to the winner on the entertainment stage. [http://www.tofufestival.com/tofuindex/tofufest/entertainment/tofu_eating_contest/]

</doc>
<doc id="5945611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945611" title="Robert Mosbacher, Jr.">
Robert Mosbacher, Jr.

Robert Adam Mosbacher, Jr. (born May 29, 1951) is an American businessman, founder of BizCorps, and the former head of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC), a U.S. government agency established to promote economic development by working with the private sector. Nominated by U.S. President George W. Bush, Mosbacher was sworn in as the ninth president and chief executive officer of OPIC in October 2005. His father, Robert Mosbacher, Sr., was the 28th Secretary of Commerce. His uncle was Emil Mosbacher, a two-time America's Cup Winner and former Chief of Protocol for President Richard Nixon.
Houston businessman and civic figure.
Mosbacher is currently Chairman of Mosbacher Energy Company (MEC), an independent oil and gas exploration and production company in Houston, Texas. From 1986 to 2005, Mosbacher was president and CEO. He was also vice chairman of Mosbacher Power Group, an independent electric power developer which operated from 1995 to 2003.
He has served as the chairman of the board of The Methodist Hospital, the Salvation Army, the Center for Houston's Future, Trust for an Early Education, Preschool for All, and the American Red Cross, all in Houston. He is founder and former co-chairman of Rebuilding Together Houston, which organizes volunteers to deliver free exterior home repairs. More than five thousand houses have been refurbished for qualified low-income elderly or disabled Houstonians. He has also served on the boards of South Texas College of Law, Chase Bank, and the Society for the Performing Arts in Houston. Mosbacher has also served as chairman of the board of the Greater Houston Partnership, a private, nonprofit association that serves as the city’s chamber of commerce. He also served as chairman of the Partnership’s Health Care Advisory Committee. He is also a member and former chairman of its Education and Workforce Advisory Committee.
Earlier in his career, Mr. Mosbacher worked for US Senator Howard Baker for over seven years. He helped launch the Reagan Administration’s Private Sector Initiatives Program, and was appointed by President Reagan to three successive Presidential Task Forces on Private Sector Initiatives during the 1980s.
Mosbacher currently serves on the Boards of Devon Energy, Calpine Corporation, Council of the Americas, and the Center for Global Development. He is Chairman of Board of the Initiatives for Global Development and Global Communities. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Texas Republican candidate.
Mosbacher ran unsuccessfully in the 1997 Houston mayoral election, losing to Lee Brown, a Democrat, in a nonpartisan election. He received 48 percent of the vote in the runoff election and raised a record-breaking $4 million, compared to Brown's $2.1 million. Mosbacher faced controversy in the campaign, as he had lived outside Houston in West University Place for eleven years and professed interest in federal and state issues, rather than local concerns.
He also ran unsuccessfully for the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate in 1984, losing to Phil Gramm, and Lieutenant Governor of Texas in 1990, losing to Democrat Bob Bullock by a total of 52% to 45%. During the 1990 campaign he became well known for a series of humorous ads in which people on the street mangled his name as "Moose Backer."
Author.
In 1993, he wrote the book "Deep In The Heart: A Remedy For An Ailing Texas," in which he offers various recommendations on how to improve his state.
Karl Rove incident.
In a notable event, Karl Rove was fired from the 1992 George Herbert Walker Bush campaign for criticizing Mosbacher, who was then the head of the Texas Victory Committee and a Bush loyalist. This criticism of Mosbacher came in the form of a negative story that Rove planted with the columnist Robert Novak. In 1992, "Sources close to the former president George H.W. Bush say Karl Rove was fired from the 1992 Bush presidential campaign after he planted a negative story with columnist Robert Novak about dissatisfaction with campaign fundraising chief and Bush loyalist Robert Mosbacher, Jr. It was smoked out, and he was summarily ousted" ("Esquire Magazine", January 2003). As Novak provided some evidence of Rove's motive in his column: ""Also attending the session was political consultant Karl Rove, who had been shoved aside by Mosbacher"". Mosbacher maintains that ""Rove is the only one with a motive to leak this. We let him go. I still believe he did it.""
Personal.
Mosbacher, Jr., is the son of Robert Mosbacher (1927–2010) and the former Jane Pennybacker, who died of cancer in 1970. He received his law degree from the Southern Methodist University Dedman School of Law in Dallas. Earlier, he obtrained his bachelor's degree from Georgetown University, as did his daughter Jane Mosbacher Morris, previously of the State Department and now Director of Humanitarian Action for the McCain Institute. His son, Peter, who graduated from Brown University and then the University of Chicago graduate school, currently works for NASA. His youngest daughter, Meredith, graduated from Brown University. She is a director, actor, and founder of the CorkScrew Theater Company. She currently works for The Daily Beast/Newsweek's Women in the World.

</doc>
<doc id="5945623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945623" title="Tamkang University">
Tamkang University

Tamkang University (TKU; ) is a private university located in Tamsui District, New Taipei City, Taiwan. The school, founded in 1950 as a junior college of English literature, is today a comprehensive university comprising eleven colleges that serves nearly 30,000 students via four campus sites (three traditional, one online).
Tamkang University enjoys widespread recognition as Taiwan's oldest private institution of higher learning and one of its most distinguished. The school ranks 9th on comprehensive measures by Taiwan's Ministry of Education and in the top 50 universities in Asia. Over 28,000 students of fifty nationalities form the diverse student body of the school. The school has partnerships with over a hundred sister universities in 28 countries. The university's main campus in historic Tamsui is noted for its scenery. Casually, members of the university community call themselves 'Tamkangians.'
History.
Established in 1950 as a junior college of English, Tamkang first offered a two-year program and then a three-year program. It was not until 1958, after it was reorganized as a College of Arts and Sciences, that Tamkang awarded bachelor's degrees to its graduates. In 1980 Tamkang was elevated to the university status.
Today, Tamkang University has 11 colleges comprising 47 departments and divisions, 50 master's programs, and 17 doctoral programs. The total student enrollment is 28,075 and the number of faculty and staff members is 2,288. The university has four campuses: the main campus in the Tamsui District of New Taipei City, the Taipei City campus, the Lanyang campus in Jiaoxi Township in Yilan County, and the online Cyber Campus.
Development.
Tamkang University developed in four broad stages.
Philosophy.
The triple objectives of Globalization, Information-oriented Education, and Future-oriented Education are the foundation of Tamkang University's continuous management and development. Globalization is the spatial pattern of the future; Information-oriented Education, the life pattern of the future; and Future-oriented Education, the time frame of the future. As for the triple objectives, they are the time and spatial integration of Tamkang collective life system.
Globalization is based on the concept that all of humanity shares one globe. Moreover, through languages, words, and cultures, human beings communicate with one another to promote mutual understanding. We form a global living community because we have only one planet. Under this concept, Tamkang establish the thinking mode that all Tamkangians must have a global mind, global soul and global action.
To construct the best information network and, at the same time, to actively complement the construction of hi-net so that via the network, Tamkang university is able to connect with the inter-collegiate network throughout the nation and with the international academic network throughout the world, to assist the university in instruction and research, and, more importantly, to strengthen human intelligence so as to cultivate Tamkangians to have the elements of "information with human nature" and "concern about humanity."
Based on "integrated sciences-oriented" and "future scenario-oriented" approaches, Tamkang must establish the future "vision" of Tamkang University. The 21st century is the age of continuity and discontinuity; so Tamkangians have to understand the future, adapt to the future and, furthermore, create the best created future.
Campuses.
Tamkang University has accomplished its announced goal of "One Great University, Four Distinct Campuses." Managed according to Market Model philosophy, academic and course arrangements are flexible. Goals are achieved through four strategies: differentiation, individualization, focus, and globalization.
Each campus offers specific functions in the realms of research, instruction, and services. A multi-disciplinary curriculum is being developed to meet the demands of students from widely varying backgrounds. The teaching resources of the four campuses remain integrated within one system.
Symbols.
The Tamkang University expresses its mission and identity through a family of symbols.
Architecture at the Tamkang University emphasizes dialogue between eastern and western motifs as well as between traditional and modern styles. 
The words "Simplicity, Truthfulness, Firmness, and Perseverance" appear in the university anthem and university motto. This motto is understood as expressing goals in the lives of Tamkangians.
The Tamkang University emblem, designed by artist Lan Yin-ting, evokes a giant bell associated by the ancients with timekeeping.
The Chinese characters 「鐘鈴」"Chung Ling" literally mean "clock and bell." They also represent 鐘鈴」, the child name of Clement C.P. Chang late father Chang Ming alias Ching-sheng. Tamkang uses the bell (鐘鈴) as university emblem to commemorate his father and carry forward the ancient tradition of big bells in education (see "Pa Yu" in Lun Yu). Confucius serves in Asian societies as an icon of educational mastery (木鐸); the bell thus shows two wings, symbolizing the spirit of "spreading the wings and flying high; soaring instantly and progressing swiftly." Engraved on the bell are two Chinese characters "Tam Kang."
The Overcoming Difficulty Slope is a steep stone staircase on the Tamsui campus. Built in 1953, the staircase consists of 132 stone steps. This staircase provided the only access to the school in its earliest days. Today it is taken as a symbol of the tenacity needed to gain knowledge and attain life goals.
Built in 1954, the school's first classroom buildings are modeled after Chinese classical palaces with green roofs and red walls. These evoke Confucian ideals of education.
The dolphin was chosen as a symbol of Tamkang University in a poll of students on all campuses. Dolphins are the most agile and intelligent mammals in the ocean and migrate all seven seas. 
Situated in the roundabout at the top end of the Lantern Road is a work by well-known contemporary sculptor Wang Shiu-chi. Engraved on the pillar-base of the milestone are four lines of phrases that Clement C.P. Chang often used to encourage Tamkangians: "Let's establish a firm foothold at Tamkang University/ Hold the whole world in view/ Grasp the latest information/ and create a bright future."
Situated in the center of the vast compound before the Ching-sheng Memorial Hall is the University Commons edifice, built in 1986 and designed by architect Lin Kuei-jung, a Tamkang alumnus. The structures form four tablets of bamboo encircling one another, "tzu chien" that represent ancient books (tzu chien = 竹卷). Seen from above the design suggests the pivot of a motor, turning unceasingly.
Five Tiger Hill is the site of the Tamsui Campus. The Tatuen range crests at Hutou Shan (Tiger's Head Mountain) which has five ridges. Tamkang University is situated on the fourth ridge. A bronze sculpture on campus depicts five tigers embracing one another. The work, by Wang Shiu-chi, stands in front of the Shaomo Memorial Gymnasium and represents Tamkangians’ vitality ("Hu Hu Shen Fong"). The base features the text of Clement C.P. Chang's essay "The Five-tiger Hill: A Sketch."
The Tamkang Golden Eagle Award for "Tamkang Elites" was initiated in 1987. The award recognizes Tamkangians who have made especially distinguished contributions to human society. The Award is in the form of a golden eagle spreading its wings.
The sculpture portraying the Hsuehshan Tunnel of the Taipei-Yilan Expressway was presented to Clement C.P.Chang in 1990 by the Association for Promotion of the Taipei-Yilan Rapid Transit System. It is the work of Zerman Hu and Lanyang master sculptor Yu Yu Yang (Yang Ying-feng) and was commissioned by the Yilan Association, Taipei Chapter. The original sculpture was made from gilded stainless steel in the form of an ancient Chinese hieroglyph "山" (shan meaning "mountain"). The sculpture portrays the Hsuehshan Tunnel, the mountain itself (Hsuehshan = Snow Mountain), the rising sun shining over Lanyang, and the Pacific Ocean. To celebrate the completion of the Lanyang Campus and the opening of the Taipei-Yilan Expressway, the university asked Arthur Yang, son of Yu Yu Yang, to render the original sculpture as a stainless-steel artwork 241 cm high and 270 cm wide. This larger sculpture is installed at the entrance to the Clement Chang International Conference Hall on the Lanyang Campus. The sculpture pays homage to the unsung heroes who built the expressway and symbolizes the university's Tamsui-Yilan connection.
Admissions.
Admission to Tamkang University is selective. Requirements vary with the nature of the program and the applicants. 
Undergraduate.
Taiwan residents are admitted after undergoing open screening procedures to review qualifications and examination scores. Applicants should be either high school graduates (or the equivalent) or graduates of a 3- or 5-year vocational college. International students apply between February 1 and May 15 for admission directly to the Admissions Section of the Office of Academic Affairs of the university, or via the nearest Taiwan overseas representative office.
The university offers limited opportunities to transfer into undergraduate programs. Admission is based on scores earned in the Entrance Examination for Transfer Students held each July at the university. International students apply directly to the Admissions or Registration Section of the Office of Academic Affairs for transfer to a department related to their previous training. 
Graduate Admissions.
Tamkang University offers doctoral and master's degrees. Seventeen Ph.D. degrees are offered in Chinese, English, Chemistry, Physics, American Studies, Management Sciences and Decision Making, Computer Science and Information Engineering, Water Resources and Environmental Engineering, Mathematics, Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Banking and Finance, Industrial Economics, Mechanical and Electro-Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, and European Studies. Master's degrees are offered in 49 fields including liberal arts, science, engineering, business, management, education, English, and Chinese literature. 
Exchange Students.
Students from Tamkang's sister universities who wish to study at Tamkang University as exchange students should apply directly to the Office of International Studies of their respective university.
Alumni Events.
Tamkang has more than 220,000 alumni residing all over the world, contributing in all walks of life with outstanding performance. Hence, Tamkang's alumni are voted the most popular in the business industry for ten consecutive years. In order to present current developments and future visions of the alma mater to alumni, each year Tamkang holds the "Feast of Spring" in March, inviting local and overseas alumni back to Tamkang to revisit the garden campus and its advanced instructional facilities, attend departmental forum, and share with current students their experiences on further education or employment. Therefore, by presenting growths and improvements, Tamkang hopes to receive further support and acknowledgement from alumni. Moreover, with the aims of creating a higher academic reputation and becoming a world-class university, support, acknowledgement, as well as donations and gifts are all important foundations for Tamkang's future developments.

</doc>
<doc id="5945627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945627" title="Historic Villages of Shirakawa-gō and Gokayama">
Historic Villages of Shirakawa-gō and Gokayama

The Historic Villages of Shirakawa-gō and Gokayama are one of Japan's UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The site is located in the Shogawa river valley stretching across the border of Gifu and Toyama Prefectures in central Japan. Shirakawa-gō (白川郷, "White River Old-District") is located in the village of Shirakawa in Gifu Prefecture. The Gokayama (五箇山, "Five Mountains") area is divided between the former villages of Kamitaira and Taira in Nanto, Toyama Prefecture.
These villages are well known for their houses constructed in the architectural style known as gasshō-zukuri (合掌造り). The Gasshō-zukuri, "prayer-hands construction" style is characterized by a thatched and steeply slanting roof resembling two hands joined in prayer. The design is exceptionally strong and, in combination with the unique properties of the thatching, allow the houses to withstand and shed the weight of the region's heavy snowfalls in winter.
The houses are large, with three to four storeys encompassed between the low eaves, and historically intended to house large extended families and a highly efficient space for a variety of industries. The densely forested mountains of the region still occupy 96% of all land in the area, and prior to the introduction of heavy earth-moving machinery, the narrow bands of flat lands running the length of the river valley limited the area available for agriculture and homestead development. The upper storeys of the gasshō houses were usually set aside for sericulture, while the areas below the first (ground) floor were often used for the production of nitre, one of the raw materials needed for the production of gunpowder.

</doc>
<doc id="5945647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945647" title="Darmesteter">
Darmesteter

Darmesteter is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5945664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945664" title="Christian Maggio">
Christian Maggio

Christian Maggio (; born 11 February 1982) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a wing-back for Serie A club Napoli and Italian national team.
Club career.
Vicenza.
Maggio began his career at Vicenza making his Serie A debut in the 2000–2001 season, finishing the campaign with six appearances. However, despite some success on a personal level, Vicenza were subsequently relegated to Serie B at the end of the season. Maggio stayed with Vicenza until 2003, making 38 appearances in total while managing to score just 1 goal. Half of the registration rights was also sold to Parma in June 2002 for 4 billion lire (€2.066 million) (undisclosed cash plus Paolo Guastalvino) In June 2003 the co-ownership deal was renewed.
Fiorentina.
In 2003, Maggio signed for ACF Fiorentina from Parma. In June 2004 Fiorentina acquired another half from Vicenza. Maggio appeared regularly for Fiorentina until they were promoted from Serie B for the 2004–2005 season. He played 13 times in 2005–06 Serie A and only 3 times in 2006–07 Serie A. Overall, Maggio played 56 games for "The Viola", scoring 2 goals over a 4-year period, including spend 1.5 seasons on loan. Maggio was loaned to Sampdoria for €150,000 in 2006–07 season. At the end of loan Sampdoria signed him in another co-ownership deal for €1.5 million.
Sampdoria.
However, it was not until Maggio signed for U.C. Sampdoria that he began to fulfil the potential he had shown when playing for Italy at youth level. Some very impressive performances during the 2007–2008 season resulted in nine goals from twenty-nine appearances. At the end of season Sampdoria acquired another half for €1.95 million. He was immediately re-sold to Napoli for €8 million.
Napoli.
During his time at Napoli he has continued to perform consistently. 18 October 2009 saw Maggio score a 90th minute goal to help seal a 2–1 comeback victory over Bologna, as Fabio Quagliarella had scored a late equalizer for the hosts. Maggio continued his good form as he scored the only goal of the game on 25 October, helping Napoli defeat Fiorentina at the Stadio Artemio Franchi. On 24 January 2010 Maggio scored a wonderful volley against Livorno. He took up a position near the corner of the penalty area as a long cross-field pass descended towards him. As this raking pass came across his body from his left shoulder he volleyed it first time, with great power, swerving over the goalkeeper into the top corner.
On 6 December 2010, Maggio scored a last gasp goal which saw Napoli secure all three points in a 1–0 defeat of Palermo.
Maggio usually functions as a right midfielder/winger for Napoli since they play in a 3–4–2–1 formation. He had played at right back for the majority of his career. However, since he started playing on the wing, his quality has improved and he is arguably better as a right winger rather than a right back considering his greatly improved attacking skills.
During the 2011–12 season, he had many great performances and improved his attacking abilities, netting three goals and providing five assists in 33 league games for Napoli. Maggio provided assists for two of his side's goals in their enthralling 3–3 draw with Juventus on 29 November 2011. In the second leg of Napoli's Round of 16 tie with eventual winners Chelsea, Maggio limped off the field in the 37th minute with an injury. Napoli eventually lost 5–4 on aggregate after extra time, as Maggio missed the next seven games and his side only won once. His performances led to him being named in 2011–12 Serie A Team of the Season, the first such honour of his career.
International career.
Called up by Marcello Lippi, he made his debut with the Italian national team on 19 November 2008, in a friendly match against Greece, coming on as a substitute for Mauro Camoranesi in the 61st minute. He took part at the 2010 World Cup, where he played in the third group stage match, as the back up of Gianluca Zambrotta.
Under new head coach Cesare Prandelli he became a regular in the right back position, and he took part at the UEFA Euro 2012. Maggio appeared in the first two group games for Italy at the Euros, a 1–1 draw with holders Spain and another 1–1 draw with Croatia. Maggio also appeared in Italy's 4–2 penalty shootout victory over England in the quarterfinals, as Italy progressed to the final losing 4–0 to group rivals Spain.
He was named in the provisional 30-man squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, but was one of seven players cut from the final squad.
Honours.
Club.
Napoli

</doc>
<doc id="5945676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945676" title="Furcraea">
Furcraea

Furcraea is a genus of succulent plants belonging to the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Agavoideae, native to tropical regions of Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America and northern South America. Plants of this genus are the origin of fique or "cabuyo", a natural fiber.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="5945680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945680" title="Shawkat Hussain">
Shawkat Hussain

Shawkat Hussain is a Bangladeshi academic and former head of the English Department at University of Dhaka.

</doc>
<doc id="5945703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945703" title="Sree Narayana Central School">
Sree Narayana Central School

Sree Narayana Central SchoolCode:930066,School Code:KL06597 is a CBSE school located at Kayamkulam in Alappuzha district, Kerala. The school is owned and administered by the Sree Narayana Samskarika Samithy, karthikappally unit. The school is named after Sree Narayana Guru.
The school was started in 1989 with 20 students and 2 teachers in a rented building. It moved to its present permanent site in 1992 and was upgraded to the senior secondary status in 1996 by the CBSE. The school has all the infrastructural facilities to cater to the needs of a senior secondary school.
The school is ISO certified and has had a good reputation in the vicinity till recently. However, now, there are a few legal proceedings being carried out against the school and the principal by parents of students studying at the school. The school has also reapplied for ISO certification for 2011 as of October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5945713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945713" title="Kimberley Kates">
Kimberley Kates

Kimberley Kates is an American actress and film producer.
Early life.
Born in California, Kates grew up there and in Montana. Her biological father was killed by a drunk driver when she was a child. Kimberley was pre-med in College before winning a modeling contest which brought her back to Southern California. Kates has ten half and step brothers and sisters. On her biological/real father's side of her family, her paternal grandmother was a Randolph; ancestors are William Randolph, Sir John Randolph, Peyton Randolph, John Randolph and Edmund Randolph of the Randolph family of Virginia, also ancestors of Thomas Jefferson, Edith Bolling, Henry Lee II, Henry Lee III, Robert E. Lee and Lee Marvin.
Career.
Kates has appeared in numerous films and television series, including one of the first "Seinfeld" episodes. Her first film was "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure", in which she played Princess Elizabeth, her best known role, also starring Keanu Reeves and George Carlin. Kates studied acting at the Beverly Hills Playhouse for ten years with Milton Katselas. She is currently involved in producing numerous new films, including "Standing Down" with Ron Perlman and Pras. In April 2009, she completed working on a documentary with William Shatner and Ben Folds, entitled "William Shatner's Gonzo Ballet" with her partners at Big Screen Entertainment and Five Star Pictures, Michael Manasseri, Scott Woolley and David Zappone.
She has appeared in over 40 television shows and movies prior to becoming a full-time film producer. Kates is now a film producer and the Chairperson/CEO of Big Screen Entertainment Group. She stars in the Michael Manasseri directed natural horror film Sucker.

</doc>
<doc id="5945720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945720" title="Turner Memorial Hospital">
Turner Memorial Hospital

Turner Memorial Hospital is a UK National Health Service hospital in Keith, Morayshire, Scotland. It is administered by NHS Grampian.
It is a Community Hospital with 22 beds providing for GP Acute, Palliative Care, Rehabillitation and assessment and also a 24-hour minor injury unit.
History.
On 28 April 1877 a meeting was called by Mr William Longmore to consider a proposal to build a cottage hospital for the parish of Keith. By January 1879 the committee had raised £2,185 and decided to start building the hospital, to be called "The Turner Memorial Hospital" in memory of Dr Robert Turner. Many changes and expansions have occurred following the original opening in 1880. The most notable dates have been the addition of the two Kynoch Wards in 1893, and the extensions and renovations completed in 1926 and 1992.
The hospital had links with Keith Community Radio which first broadcast in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="5945729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945729" title="Shanmata">
Shanmata

Shanmata (IAST "") is the system of worship, believed by the Smarta tradition to have been founded by Adi Shankara, the 8th century CE Hindu philosopher. It centers around the worship of the six main deities of Hinduism, viz, Shiva, Vishnu, Shakti, Ganesha, Surya and Skanda. In this system, six major deities are worshipped. This is based on the belief in the essential oneness of all deities, the unity of Godhead, and their conceptualization of the myriad deities of India as various manifestations of the one divine power, Brahman. 
Philosophically, all are seen by Smartas as equal reflections of the one Saguna Brahman, i.e., a personal God with form, rather than as distinct beings Smartism, a relatively modern Hindu tradition (compared to the three older traditions ), invites the worship of more than one god including Shiva, Vishnu, Shakti, Ganesha (the elephant god) and Surya (the sun god) among other gods and goddesses. It is not as overtly sectarian as either Vashnavism or Saivism and is based on the recognition that Brahman (God) is the highest principle in the universe and pervades all of existence.Generally Smartas worship the Supreme in one of six forms: Ganesha, Siva, Sakti, Vishnu, Surya and Skanda. Because they accept all the major Hindu Gods, they are known as liberal or nonsectarian. They follow a philosophical, meditative path, emphasizing man's oneness with God through understanding.
Smartas accept and worship the six manifestations of God, (Ganesha, Shiva, Shakti, Vishnu, Surya and Skanda) and the choice of the nature of God is up to the individual worshipper since different manifestations of God are held to be equivalent. It is believed that in Adi Shankara's time these deities had their own Hindu followers who quarrelled with each other claiming the superiority of their chosen deity. Adi Shankara is said to have synthesised these quarrelling sects by integrating the worship of all these deities in the Shanmata system.

</doc>
<doc id="5945747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945747" title="Kevin Long (skateboarder)">
Kevin Long (skateboarder)

Kevin 'Spanky' Long (born August 6, 1984) is an American professional skateboarder. Long's skateboarding stance is goofy (standing with his right foot at the front, or on the nose, of the skateboard).
Early life.
Long was born in in Oak Park, California, United States (U.S.). Long grew up skateboarding in California's Agoura Hills, which is just north of the Valley area and the nickname "Spanky" was created by a friend of Long's older brother. Long was a homeschool student but advised against it in a 2003 interview: "Basically I’d say homeschool is a bad idea for anybody—it’s just one step closer to dropping out. Because you have to teach it to yourself and it’s harder than it is at an actual school."
Professional skateboarding.
Long was first sponsored by the Sixteen Skateboards company after being noticed by Neal Mims and Rodney Johnson (team manager) at a "Skate Street" contest in Ventura, California. Alongside professional skateboarders such as Paul Rodriguez, Javier Nunez, Mikey Taylor, and Devine Calloway, Long was then recruited onto Kareem Campbell's City Stars skateboard team. Prior to becoming a professional with Baker, Long explained this period of his life in an interview:
At that point I was still skating, living at home, and going to school. I didn’t really have anyone to skate with, I was just getting flowed from World . But thankfully, I started skating with Mike Taylor and Paul Rodriguez. And Mike was on City Stars, so he helped me make a little tape and gave it to Kareem. Then Kareem started hooking me up with boards.
In 2003 Long won the Tampa Am contest in Tampa, Florida, U.S., and received contract offers from both Toy Machine and Baker Skateboards later that year. Long eventually selected Baker because he "felt too comfortable with all the guys" and, in the same year, he attained professional status with Baker, a company that is owned by Long's childhood hero Andrew Reynolds. Long later revealed what it was like for him skateboarding alongside Reynolds: "With Drew , all I have to hear him say is that he wants to do a trick and it’s done. As soon as he wants to do it, it’s almost too easy once he tries it. I can’t believe it."
As of May 2013, Long is sponsored by the Emerica skate shoe brand and, in 2005, Long received his first signature shoe model the "KSL1". Long's second shoe model the "KSL Dos" was released in 2007, and his third shoe the "Spanky" was released in June 2008. In 2011 Long released his fifth Emerica shoe model, named "The Situation", which consists of a minimalist design and a vegan version was also produced. Long appears in Emerica's "This is Skateboarding," "Kids in Emerica," and "Stay Gold" videos.
Long appears in the Wavves music video "Post Acid" as a skateboarding alien—the video was directed by skateboard journalist Patrick O'Dell. An interview with former Baker professional Shane Heyl on September 27, 2013 confirmed that Heyl and Long are no longer members of the Baker team as of the date of the interview. Heyl declined to speak on behalf of Long, but explained that he initiated the decision regarding himself with Reynolds, whereby he stated to the company owner that his knee is an ongoing issue.
Sponsors.
As of September 2013, Long is sponsored by Emerica, Spitfire, RVCA, Independent Truck Company, Ashbury, Shake Junt, and Pharmacy Boardshop.
Awards.
Long appeared in the Baker skateboard video "Baker 3" that was the recipient of the "Best Video" award at the 8th Annual "Transworld Skateboarding" Awards.
Music and art.
Long is the guitarist for the band "The Goat and The Occasional Others" that also features professional skateboarders Shane Heyl and Reynolds, skateboard videographer Beagle Oneism, and skateboard photographer Atiba Jefferson. Examples of the band's song titles are "OOH YOUR WEIRD", "LUH DAT SH!T", and "Billy." Long is also an illustrator and has exhibited in international locations such as Tokyo, Japan.
Personal life.
Long's father was a young surfer in suburban Los Angeles, U.S. and his older brother Patrick Long is a professional racing car driver.
In 2011, Long wrote a personal account of a serious burn injury that he sustained for "Transworld Skateboarding" magazine—Long suffered third-degree burns and was required to undergo surgery the day after he presented at a Los Angeles hospital. In the article, Long describes the worst part of the experience:
The very worst part was, after that surgery they had to take all my bandages off in this place called the whirlpool room. That was pure hell because it felt like they were just ripping my skin off. The pain wasn’t like anything I’ve ever felt. It’s so different from anything that I’ve ever felt happen to me on a skateboard. It felt like it was constantly burning, like I was still on fire.

</doc>
<doc id="5945748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945748" title="Dan Găldeanu">
Dan Găldeanu

Constantin Dan Găldeanu (born 18 May 1974) is a Romanian football player currently under contract with Jiul Petroşani. He generally plays on the right wing.
Găldeanu had a brief spell in the Ukrainian Premier League with FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk and FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih.

</doc>
<doc id="5945752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945752" title="Mustafa Fehmi Kubilay">
Mustafa Fehmi Kubilay

Mustafa Fehmi Kubilay (1906- December 23, 1930) was a Turkish teacher and a Lieutenant (Turkish: "Asteğmen") in the Turkish army. He is considered a "Martyr of the Revolution" (""Devrim Şehidi"") in Turkey.
Biography.
Kubilay, the son of Hüseyin and Zeynep, who were Cretan Turks, was born Mustafa Fehmi in Kozan, Adana, Ottoman Empire in 1906. He received his basic education in Aydin from 1913 to 1919, and began a tailors apprenticeship. During his apprenticeship he passed the examination for enrollment into teachers training, he received his teachers credentials in 1926. Mustafa Fehmi took Kubilay as his surname after graduation in accordance with Kemalist policies. Kubilay taught in Aydin and later at Zafer Elementary School in Menemen. He was posted in Menemen during his compulsory military service. Kubilay was married to Fatma Vedide in a civil ceremony in Aydin. He had a son, Vedat Aktuğ. Kubilay was an ardent Kemalist.
Lieutenant Kubilay was killed and beheaded by Naqshbandi (Turkish:Nakşibendi) order Sufi protesters after the troops he commanded fired into the crowd of armed demonstrators in the Menemen Incident. He became a secular martyr for Atatürk's new republic.
On December 23, 1930, a number of men associated with the Nakshibendi order gathered together in Manisa armed with guns and forcing men to join their group in protest of Republican law, demanding to install sharia law. Placing the flag of Islam on a tall pike they threatened the local populace with death if they refused to assemble under the flag by noon. Having heard of the incident, the local army base sent Mustafa Fehmi in charge of a small group of soldiers to secure the area and control the incident. Mustfa Fehmi entered the group of protesters unarmed in order to talk, however, was shot and wounded by members of the pro-sharia group. In response his soldiers opened fire, however, they were only in possession of drill cartridges rather than live weapons unlike the pro-sharia group. In response, the leader of the pro-sharia group, Dervish Mehmet, opened his satchel and took out a rough-edged saw with which he decapitated the wounded Mustafa Fehmi and attempted to place his head on the pike they used to carry the green flag of Islam. These events were followed by further skirmishes and the eventual capture of the criminals by the Turkish Army.
Zafer Elementary School in Menemen where Kubilay taught was renamed Kubilay Elementary School (Turkish: Kubilay Ilkokulu) in his honor. Kubilay Secondary School (Turkish: Kubilay Ortaokulu) in Menemen is also named in his remembrance.
A memorial parade is held by the army annually on 23 December at (the) Martyr Kubilay Memorial (Turkish: Şehit Kubilay Anıtı) located on a hill over-looking Menemen; in remembrance of Kubilay and the two municipal watchmen; Bekçi Hasan and Bekçi Şevki who were also killed in the incident. The monument features a tall sculpture by Ratip Aşir Acudoğlu which was erected in 1932. The Kubilay Memorial is a part of Kubilay Barracks, but open to the public. A military honor guard stands continuous watch at the memorial site, which contains the graves of several Turkish soldiers who were killed in the line of duty.

</doc>
<doc id="5945758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945758" title="Stephen Cottage Hospital">
Stephen Cottage Hospital

Stephen Cottage Hospital is an NHS hospital in Dufftown, Moray, Scotland. It is administered by NHS Grampian.
The Stephen Hospital is situated in upper Speyside and serves the inhabitants of Dufftown and the surrounding area. The hospital consists of two wings - one built in 1890, and the other added in 1984. Stephen Hospital has 20 beds providing medical care, rehabilitation, assessment, palliative/terminal care, and convalescence. The hospital also has a busy 24 hour minor injuries unit.
The hospital was funded by one of Dufftown's most famous sons, George Stephen, later Lord Mount Stephen, born on June 5, 1829, the oldest of eight children. At the age of 21, he emigrated to Canada to work for his cousin William Stephen, a Montreal draper and on his cousin's death in 1862 became sole proprietor. By 1866 he was running his own successful wool-importing company and investing in other textile businesses. With his business booming, he started buying shares of the Bank of Montreal. His abilities saw him appointed director in 1873 and president of Canada's largest bank in 1876 - and the most powerful financial figure in the country.
Stephen, as chief financier, headed the group that built the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR). By feigning reluctance to accept the challenge from the Canadian Government, Stephen drove down the terms to the group's advantage, but even then the challenge was a mammoth one - to drive the railway through the Rockies to British Columbia. In November, 1885, the last spike was driven at Craigellachie, British Columbia, and the country finally tied by rail. To a significant extent, George Stephen from Dufftown was the person most responsible for the completion of the Canadian Pacific Railway and the opening up of Canada to new settlers.
In 1891 he became Baron Mount Stephen, the title derived from a mountain in the Kicking Horse River Valley of British Columbia, previously named in his honour. In 1892 he made his permanent home in England, at Brocket Hall in Hertfordshire. George Stephen, the boy from Dufftown who changed the face of Canada, died on November 29, 1921, his barony but not his legacy becoming extinct on his death. Today his contribution is commemorated by a plaque on Dufftown Tower.

</doc>
<doc id="5945762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945762" title="D-Grid">
D-Grid

The D-Grid Initiative (German Grid Initiative) was a government project to fund computer infrastructure for education and research (e-Science) in Germany. It uses the term grid computing.
D-Grid started September 1, 2005 with six community projects and an integration project (DGI) as well as several partner projects.
Integration project.
The D-Grid integration project intended to integrate community projects. The D-Grid integration project acted as a service provider for the science community in Germany. The project office is located at the Institute for Scientific Computing (IWR) at Forschungszentrum Karlsruhe. The resources to ensure a sustainable Grid infrastructure are provided by four work packages: 
Communities.
Six community projects participated in the D-Grid Initiative:
AstroGrid-D.
AstroGrid-D, also referred to as the German Astronomy Community Grid (GACG), is a joint research project of thirteen astronomical institutes and grid-oriented computer science groups, supported by supercomputing centers. The main objective of AstroGrid-D is the integration of German research facilities into a unified nationwide research infrastructure in the field of astronomy. The goal is to improve the efficiency and usability of hardware and software resources including computer clusters, astronomical data archives, and observational facilities such as robotic telescopes. AstroGrid-D supports the standards of the International Virtual Observatory Alliance (IVOA) and cooperates closely with international projects on grid development. 
AstroGrid-D is managed by the Astrophysical Institute Potsdam (AIP).
C3-Grid.
At the Collaborative Climate Community Data and Processing Grid (C3-Grid) scientific researchers are trying to understand the earth system including their subsystems like oceans, atmosphere and biosphere. For the last decades the amount of data has increased enormously in the field of climate research. On the one hand, due to rapid rise in computing power scientists are now able to use models with higher resolution and perform long term simulations. The scientists are able to couple models for the mentioned subsystems in complex cumulative simulations producing petabytes of output which is collected in distributed data archives. On the other hand, monitoring the earth with satellites results in a second huge data stream for climate research. Up to now, no uniform access to these distributed data is available what creates a bottleneck for the scientific research. The C3-Grid proposes to link these distributed data archives.
The management of C3-Grid has the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research (AWI) in Bremerhaven.
GDI-Grid.
The GDI-Grid ("Geodateninfrastrukturen-Grid" - "Spatial Data Infrastructure Grid") project focuses on solutions for efficient integration and processing of geodata based on 
GIS and SDI technologies. The project will integrate GDI and Grid technologies in a working GDI-Grid infrastructure and thus demonstrate the complementarity of both fields of science. Distributed geospatial data—currently accessed via standardized GIS and SDI services—will build the basis for this endeavour. This data basis can be put to more use by processing it and merging it with other data, creating standards-based, multi-functional generic SDI services.
The project focuses on data, models, services and workflows for spatial data infrastructures. Services for integration, processing and management of spatial data are to be developed and implemented within the D-Grid infrastructure. A proof of concept will be given using a number of representative scenarios such as emergency routing for disaster management, flood simulation and sound propagation simulation. 
The project is managed by the University of Hanover at the Regional Computing Center for Lower Saxony (RRZN).
HEP-Grid.
The HEP-Grid Project focused on High Energy Physics, Nuclear as well as Astroparticle Physics. The main task of HEP-Grid is to optimize the data analysis using distributed computing and storage resources. The project developments are extensions to the grid middleware from the Enabling Grids for E-scienceE project of the European Grid Infrastructure and Large Hadron Collider (LHC) Computing Grid (LCG) project. They provide significant improvements for data analysis of experiments currently taking data and for those planned at the proposed International Linear Collider (ILC).
For the HEP-Grid Deutsches Elektronen Synchrotron (DESY), "German Electron Synchrotron") in Hamburg collaborates with eight German research facilities and universities and a set of associate partners.
InGrid.
InGrid is a community project in the field of Grid computing in engineering sciences. InGrid aims to enable engineering projects for grid-based applications and allow for the common, efficient use of common compute and software resources. Grid technologies were promised to combine with competences in modeling, simulation and optimization.
Five typical applications (foundry technologies, metal forming technologies, groundwater flow and transport, turbine simulation and fluid-structure interaction) are considered as showcases to cover the three central areas of computationally intensive engineering applications, that are coupled multi-scale problems, coupled multi-discipline problems, and distributed simulation-based optimization. In particular adaptive and scalable process models and grid based runtime environments for these tasks are developed.
The support of virtual prototyping and the optimization of scientific engineering operational sequences is an emphasis of the project. 
The project management for InGrid is provided by the High Performance Computing Center (Höchstleistungsrechenzentrum) Stuttgart (HLRS) of the University of Stuttgart.
MediGRID.
The joint project MediGRID unifies research institutes in medicine, biomedical informatics and life sciences into a consortium. Partners are from industry, healthcare and research facilities.
The main goal of MediGRID is the development of agGrid middleware integration platform enabling eScience services for biomedical life science. The project formed four modules (middleware, ontology, resource fusion and eScience), and developed a grid infrastructure for biomedical users. The user communities are represented in three research modules for biomedical informatics, image processing and clinical research.
SuGI.
SuGI - Sustainable Grid Infrastructure - is a gap project of the German Grid Initiative. Its major task is to disseminate the knowledge of grid technology and to enhance its use. Thus, SuGI addresses all academic computing centers as well as enterprises, which still have not adopted grid technology. They will be supported in providing grid resources and services. 
Experiences in the D-Grid projects will be made available to these institutions. Thus, SuGI offers own training courses; attends to external courses, create video and audio recordings and provide these online to the D-Grid communities via a scaling training infrastructure SuGI-Portal. SuGI claimed to develop training systems for grid middleware, simplify installation and servicing procedures, and work on the development and evaluation of legal and organizational structures.
TextGrid.
While grid technologies were developed for the natural and the life sciences, there are opportunities for deploying Grid computing and e-Science concepts in other areas as well. TextGrid is a grid project in the humanities, and uses the buzzword "e-Humanities".
TextGrid promised to create a grid-based infrastructure for the collaborative editing, annotation, analysis and publication of specialist texts for researchers in philology, linguistics, and related fields. In addition to providing a comprehensive toolset, the project establishes an open platform for other projects to plug into the TextGrid.
ValueGrids.
ValueGrids developed service level management in service value networks. This was supposed to enable providers of Software-as-a-Service solutions to utilize grid infrastructures and leverage the German national grid infrastructure.
The ValueGrids project partners are: SAP AG (Coordinator), Conemis AG, IBM Deutschland Research & Development GmbH, University of Freiburg and the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology.
Partner projects.
Several partner projects are involved in D-Grid.
WISENT.
The e-Science project WISENT ("Wissensnetz Energiemeteorologie") promised to optimize cooperation of scientific organizations in energy meteorology employing grid technologies. The main focus of research is the influence of weather and climate on transformation, transport, and utilisation of energy.
Funding.
More than 100 German research facilities were funded with about 20 billion Euros for 3 years by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research.

</doc>
<doc id="5945776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945776" title="Allal El Hajjam">
Allal El Hajjam

Allal El Hajjam (born in 22 December 1949) is a poet and professor of Arabic language in the School of Humanities and Social Sciences at Al Akhawayn University in Ifrane, Morocco. Previously he taught at the School of Arts and Humanities in Meknès. He also taught at the Centers for Teacher Training at Errachidia, Rabat, and Meknès.
El Hajjam earned his Doctorat d’état at the School of Arts and Humanities in Meknès, and his D.E.S and D.E.A in the School of Arts and Humanities in Rabat. In addition, he was a visiting professor at George Washington University in Washington D.C. in 2004, and he has taught a number of summer programs. In 2001 he participated in an ACTFL Oral Proficiency Interview (OPI) Tester Training Workshop at Middlebury College. He is currently a visiting professor of Arabic at Emory University.
El Hajjam's publications include his collection of poems, At Lover Hour at Night (2001) and Mohamed Serghini: Modernization of the Contemporary Moroccan Poetry (2000).
He is Senior Arabic Lecturer at Emory University's Middle Eastern and South Asian Studies department since September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5945777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945777" title="Kubilay">
Kubilay

Kubilay is a Turkish name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5945781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945781" title="Valley National Bank">
Valley National Bank

Valley National Bancorp (NYSE:VLY) is a regional bank holding company headquartered in Wayne, New Jersey with nearly $16 billion in assets after the acquisition of State Bankcorp. Its principal subsidiary, Valley National Bank, currently operates 211 branches in 147 communities serving 16 counties throughout northern and central New Jersey, Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens and Long Island. Valley National Bank is one of the largest commercial banks headquartered in New Jersey.
History.
Valley National Bank was founded in 1927 as the Passaic Park Trust Company. The Bank changed its name in the mid-1930s to the Bank of Passaic and Trust Company. In 1956 the Bank acquired the Bank of Allwood located in Clifton, New Jersey. At the same time, the name was changed to the Bank of Passaic and Clifton. The acquisition of the Bank of Wayne in 1976 created a need for a new identity, and the name Valley National Bank was chosen.
From its founding in 1927 until 1999 Valley National Bank was based in Passaic, New Jersey. That year, following the acquisition of Wayne-based Ramapo Bank, Valley National moved its headquarters to Wayne.

</doc>
<doc id="5945787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945787" title="Seafield Hospital">
Seafield Hospital

Seafield Hospital is a UK National Health Service hospital in Buckie, Morayshire, Scotland. It is administered by NHS Grampian.
In 1911, Rathven Parish Hospital was opened to care for the sick poor of Buckie and surrounding parish of Rathven. Further buildings were added in 1919, 1930 and 1964. By this time the hospital was known as Seafield Hospital and admitted both adults and children. The building was extensively refurbished in 2001 and new front doors were added in 2004. Seafield Hospital has 32 beds providing medical care, rehabilitation, assessment, palliative/terminal care, convalescence and respite care. There is also a minor injuries unit.

</doc>
<doc id="5945793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945793" title="Hurshid Pasha">
Hurshid Pasha

Hurşid Ahmed Pasha (died 30 November 1822) was an Ottoman general and Grand Vizier during the early 19th century. 
Early life.
He was born in the Caucasus and was of Georgian descent. He was taken to Constantinople as a youth, converted to Islam and enrolled in the Janissaries. There he acquired the favour of Sultan Mahmud II and occupied several high positions.
Egypt.
Appointed mayor of Alexandria after the French evacuated Egypt in 1801, he was named governor of Egypt in 1804 at Muhammad Ali's behest. Allied with Britain's diplomatic representative, Hurshid tried to get Muhammad Ali and his Albanians removed from Egypt, bringing in the "Deli" (madmen) troops from Syria to counterbalance them. Muhammad Ali managed to win the "Delis" to his side and, backed by a demonstration of "ulema" and guild leaders in Cairo, had himself named governor of Egypt in May 1805. Hurshid, abandoned by his troops, was besieged in the Cairo Citadel, which he left only after he saw the Ottoman "firman" investing Muhammad Ali as Egypt's governor.
Suppression of the Serbian revolts.
In March 1809, he was sent to Serbia in order to repress the revolt of Karađorđe Petrović. On 5 September 1812 he was named Grand Vizier (Prime Minister), a post he held until 1 April 1815. He remained on campaign in Serbia as commander-in-chief ("serasker"), and brought the uprising to an end after recapturing Belgrade in October 1813. In that year he was named governor of the Eyalet of Bosnia and from that position he campaigned with success against the Second Serbian Uprising led by Miloš Obrenović.
Suppression of Ali Pasha's revolt and Greek Revolution.
In November 1820, he was named "mora valisi", governor of the Morea Eyalet (the Peloponnese), with seat at Tripoli and "serasker" of the expedition against the rebellious Ali Pasha of Yanina. Before he left for Yanina, however, he was disturbed by rumours of a possible revolt among the Greeks of the Morea. His fears were allayed, however, when an assembly of Greek notables visited him on 8 November 1820 in Tripoli. Thus, on 6 January 1821, he left Tripoli for the north, leaving behind his treasury and his harem, while his deputy ("kaimakam") Mehmed Salih with a force of 1,000 Albanians remained to maintain order. However, only a few months later, while the Ottoman armies were besieging Yanina, the first uprisings of the Greek War of Independence took place. 
Hurshid immediately informed the Sultan of the events, and without waiting for instructions, reacted by sending Omer Vryonis and Köse Mehmed Pasha to suppress the revolt first in Central Greece and then to cross over to the Peloponnese and quell the uprising in its heartland. At the same time, he dispatched his chief of staff Mustafa Bey with 3,000 men to reinforce the garrison of Tripoli. Hurshid himself remained in Yanina to supervise the last stages of the siege. Despite his rapid reaction, his plans ultimately failed: Vryonis and Köse Mehmed failed to suppress the revolt in Central Greece, while the reinforcements of Mustafa Bey were insufficient to save Tripoli, which fell to the Greeks under Theodoros Kolokotronis after a prolonged siege, on 23 September 1821. Despite the general massacre of the Muslim inhabitants, Hurshid's harem and a part of his treasure were saved. Finally, in January 1822, he managed to kill Ali Pasha through treason, and sent his severed head to the Sultan, and his star seemed on the rise again. He assembled an army of 80,000 men (a huge number by Balkan standards) and was about to march in order to finally crush the Greek uprising, when disaster struck. His political enemies in Constantinople, alarmed at the fame and power he had achieved and the prestige that the successful ending of both Ali Pasha's and the Greek revolts would bring him, accused him of misappropriating a large part of Ali's treasure. Hurshid had sent 40,000,000 piasters, with a statement that they had been found in Ali's vaults, while the Sultan's ministers calculated Ali's fortune at over 500,000,000 piasters. When they asked him to send a detailed account, the offended Hurshid did not reply. Shortly after that, he was denounced for abuse of public treasure and fell in disgrace. He was removed from his positions, and replaced as "serasker" and "mora valisi" by Mahmud Dramali Pasha. Hurshid was ordered to remain in Larissa to attend to the provisioning of Dramali's army.
When news began arriving in Constantinople of the failure of Dramali's expedition at Dervenakia, the Sultan ordered Hurshid to take matters in his own hand and salvage what he could of the situation. However, his opponents continued to plot against him, and agents were sent to kill him. Although he was informed of the threat to his person, Hurshid did not react. Instead, he committed suicide by taking poison on 30 November 1822.

</doc>
<doc id="5945796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945796" title="Laurențiu Buș">
Laurențiu Buș

Laurențiu Buș (born 27 August 1987 in Cluj-Napoca) is a Romanian football player, currently under contract at Russian side Yenisey Krasnoyarsk. His young brother is Sergiu Buş from CFR Cluj.
Club career.
Buș started playing football at U Cluj. In the 2003-2004 season he was promoted to the first team. Young Buș impressed Politehnica 1921 Ştiinţa Timişoara's manager, Gheorghe Hagi, who transferred him in 2006. Soon after that, Gheorghe Hagi was replaced by Sorin Cârţu and Laurențiu Buș was sent to the club's second team, Politehnica 1921 Știința Timișoara II. In 2007 Buș returned to U Cluj and helped the team to promote in Liga I. In the summer of 2009 he was transferred at Arieşul Turda. In January 2010 he signed with FC Oţelul Galaţi but was loaned back immediately at Arieșul, being unable to play for a third team in the 2009-2010 season, having already played one match for U Cluj at the start of the season.
International career.
Laurențiu Buș played several matches for the Romanian U19 national team.

</doc>
<doc id="5945798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945798" title="Collateral Damage (The Wire)">
Collateral Damage (The Wire)

"Collateral Damage" is the second episode of the second season of the HBO original series, "The Wire". The episode was written by David Simon from a story by Simon and Ed Burns and was directed by Ed Bianchi. It originally aired on June 8, 2003.
Production.
Title and epigraph.
The title is a quote from McNulty in reference to hapless detective Ray Cole being assigned the murder that he worked to have handed to Rawls division. It can also be considered to refer to the girls killed as part of the Greek's smuggling operation and the problems created for the dock workers as part of Sobotka and Valchek's rivalry. Furthermore, in the next episode Bunk and Lester tell McNulty that they are collateral damage from his revenge. The episode is preceded by the epigraph:
McNulty uses this common phrase in conversation with Bunk and Freamon in reference to his punishment of being sent to the docks, meaning that eventually it has to come to an end.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, Andre Royo and Sonja Sohn do not appear in this episode.
Plot summary.
McNulty.
Officer Beadie Russell deals with various agencies trying to decide who has to take responsibility for investigating the deaths of the thirteen women in a cargo container. Coroner Randall Frazier establishes the cause of death as suffocation because of a crushed air pipe on the top of the container. The damage to the pipe is deemed accidental and the case is handed back to Beadie.
Detective Bunk Moreland and Officer Jimmy McNulty enjoy some crabs, a perk of McNulty's new assignment. McNulty insists the door stay shut, as he is avoiding Colonel Rawls. Bunk learns that McNulty spent three hours working out where a floating body was dumped in order to establish that it fell under Rawls' jurisdiction. Bunk chastises him for dumping the case on Detective Ray Cole, but McNulty dismisses Cole's troubles as collateral damage. McNulty examines the container and discusses the case with Beadie Russell. They establish that the floating body he retrieved from the harbor is related, as there is an extra bedroll in the container. McNulty checks the crushed air pipe and notes that it appears to have been crushed deliberately. Beadie and McNulty meet with the coroner, who agrees that this is grounds to consider the girls murdered.
Rawls meets with Ronnie, the commander of the port police, and resists an attempt to hand off the thirteen murders. Landsman's homicide squad, now including Lester Freamon, watches Rawls with palpable anticipation as he leaves the meeting; he announces his success with a raised fist as he returns to his office. Meanwhile, McNulty convinces the coroner to estimate time of death based on the amount of air in the container to see if it matches when the other girl was dumped in the water. Rawls later meets with the commanders of all the other jurisdictions involved with the bodies. Despite his protestations, they insist that the murders occurred in his jurisdiction. The cases are assigned to Landsman's squad, who can only look on crestfallen as they are written up on the board.
Freamon, Bunk, and McNulty buy fourteen whiskey shots for McNulty, one for each of the murder cases dumped on Rawls' unit. They have several laughs at Burrell, Rawls, Landsman, and Cole's expense. When they return to the detail, Landsman tells them Cole is working their cases while they are assigned the Jane Does from the port. Landsman tells them he needs the cases solved and they are his best detectives, so they get the case. Freamon and Bunk later travel to the Port Authority police department and meet with Beadie. When she asks if they know McNulty, Bunk's reply is a deadpan "He's dead to us." They begin to interrogate the crew of the ship.
McNulty awakens naked and hungover in Rhonda Pearlman's bed. She tells him that if he turns up at her house again at 2am unannounced she will call the police. To her disgust, he admits that he wants to reconcile with his wife for the sake of his children.
Lieutenant Cedric Daniels walks with his wife Marla after a restaurant meal and she apologizes for bringing up his career. Lt. Daniels tells Marla that he will hand in his resignation papers.
The stevedores and Valchek.
Stevedore union leader Frank Sobotka has an angry meeting with his smuggling contact Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos in The Greek's cafe regarding the dead girls on the docks. His nephew Nick Sobotka tries to talk him down before the meeting, but Frank will not be swayed. Frank is concerned that the deaths were deliberate and that he could have prevented them if he had known there were girls in the container. Vondas reassures him that the deaths were accidental and explains that their driver Sergei Malatov was waiting for a contact to come off the ship and signal him that it was safe to take the container. Frank asks to be informed next time human cargo moves through the docks despite Vondas's assurance that he does not want to know. After the meeting, Vondas speaks to another man in the cafe, who happens to be The Greek himself.
Back at the union house, Thomas "Horseface" Pakusa complains to Frank that the port police are hassling him over some missing cases of vodka. He admits taking four cases, but denies breaking the seal; Frank is unconcerned. Ott then comes in complaining that the police are ticketing their cars. Frank approaches Sergeant Ellis Carver and complains about the frivolous ticketing. Carver is sympathetic but tells he is acting under orders from Major Stan Valchek and he does not want to break the chain of command.
The next day, Valchek comes to the union hall where he angrily accuses Frank of illegally funding the stained glass window that is present in their church. After Frank insults and threatens him, Valchek visits a property developer friend, Andy Krawczyk, to discuss trying to reclaim his donation from the church. He learns that Frank Sobotka's union have been making political contributions, hired a lobbyist, and generally show a lot of cash for a failing industrial organization. Krawcyzk also mentions that Deputy Commissioner Burrell is in line to be appointed Commissioner. Valchek meets with Burrell and promises he will organize support for him from the mostly-white first district of City Council in return for a special detail to investigate possible illegal activities of Frank Sobotka's union, admitting that his motivation is that "he's an asshole". Burrell agrees to give Rawls a squad of six men for six weeks.
Nick, Ziggy Sobotka and the other Stevedores drink at Delores's bar at breakfast time. Ziggy discusses a connection named "White Mike" who can supply them with drugs. He wants Nick to partner with him in buying the package and selling it off, but Nick refuses his offer. Ott announces that a ship is in and gives Nick a ride. The dock workers are stopped on the way by patrol officers led by Carver who have established an 8 am D.U.I. checkpoint courtesy of Valchek. Ziggy meets White Mike alone and asks him to give him the package with payment to follow. Ziggy has messed up his last two attempts, so Mike refuses to trust him again. After being released from Central Booking on D.U.I. charges, the Stevedores, particularly Ott, complain to Frank about the police activity. Frank admits to his rivalry with Valchek. They insist he deal with the problem and Frank tells Nick that if Valchek wants a war he will have one. Horseface later infiltrates Valchek's district's parking lot and steals a surveillance van filled with equipment. He drives it to the docks and La La, Frank, and Nick help him load it into a container. They laugh as the container is then loaded onto a ship.
Valchek assembles and briefs his new detail in their port side offices. He tells them that Lieutenant Grayson will command the detail and that his son-in-law Prez who he describes as 'a prodigy'. The only question is from Detective Polk about who signs off on their overtime.
In prison.
Brianna Barksdale visits her brother Avon in prison and pleads with him to look out for her son D'Angelo, as he took a 20 year sentence for their family. They also discuss the loss of their New York connection, Roberto. Brianna tells him their money has been returned and that Stringer Bell had to deal with the Dominicans' lawyer because they fear it is unsafe to deal with the Barksdale organization with Avon imprisoned. Avon recommends a contact named Vargas, who owns a wheel rim shop in Atlanta. Brianna also tells Avon that D'Angelo's girlfriend Donette has been out of touch, and Avon has also noticed that she has not visited D'Angelo or brought their child.
Wee-Bey Brice's cell is later searched by a corrections officer named Tilghman who is physically aggressive toward him, takes his magazines, upends his fish tank (filled with plastic fish), and tears down his posters. Wee-Bey complains to Avon that Tilghman is deliberately targeting him because he is the cousin of one of the victims he was convicted of murdering. Avon tries talking with Tilghman, who brusquely rebuffs him.
Stringer later visits Avon at the prison and tells him that the Atlanta contact has been put into play. Avon tells Stringer he needs to help him deal with Tilghman and also find Donette and ensure she visits D'Angelo regularly. Stringer checks with Avon about D'Angelo's loyalty and Avon insists that D'Angelo can be trusted to handle his burden, as he is family.
Avon finds D'Angelo is sniffing a powdery substance in his cell with another inmate. He asks D'Angelo how he is getting on and tells him they need to talk.
The Greek.
Sergei Malatov and a taciturn associate infiltrate a port in Philadelphia using fake Coast Guard IDs. He orders the ship held in port, which prompts one of the crew to come ashore. They chase a crewman down with their car, beat him up, and bundle him into the back seat.
Sergei and his associate violently interrogate the now naked crewman, Sam, and ask him why he fled the Atlantic Light. The Greek and Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos arrive and The Greek initially appears to have a more generous disposition. He notices Sam's tattoos and identifies him as Turkish. Sam admits that he let his crew have sex with the girls in exchange for money after he let them out of the container. One of his men killed the girl who was dumped overboard and the other girls saw, so he had them all killed. Once Sam's tale is finished, Spiros slowly cuts his throat. The Greek orders Sergei to ensure that there are no fingerprints or face on the corpse.
Reception.
Ratings.
The episode had an average of 3.5 million viewers when it was first broadcast on HBO on June 8, 2003. This was a reduction of 21% from the previous week's season premiere.

</doc>
<doc id="5945806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945806" title="Leanchoil Hospital">
Leanchoil Hospital

Leanchoil Hospital is a UK National Health Service community hospital in Forres, Morayshire, Scotland. It is administered by NHS Grampian.
Leanchoil Hospital was built with funds donated from Lord Strathcona in 1892 to serve the population of his native Forres and the surrounding area. The hospital was named for the farm on which his mother had grown up. On his death in 1914, Strathcona left a further bequest of £10,000 to the hospital.
The hospital has 9 beds providing medical care, rehabilitation, assessment, palliative/terminal care, convalescence and respite care. The beds are in 4 bedded rooms which are divided into male and female wards, and there is 1 single palliative care suite. There is also a minor injuries unit.
The hospital also had maternity services until the mid-1980s.
The hospital closed temporarily in January 2011 following an electrical fault, reopening in December 2011 once extensive renovations had been completed. There were only 9 inpatient beds available after it reopened.

</doc>
<doc id="5945808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945808" title="Sree Kerala Varma College">
Sree Kerala Varma College

Sree Kerala Varma College is situated in Thrissur City of Kerala State, India. It was founded on 11 August 1947 by Rama Varma XV, the Maharaja of erstwhile Kochi State. The college was initially under the Madras University. Now it is affiliated to the University of Calicut.
History.
The college is now managed by Cochin Devaswom Board, an autonomous organization under the Government of Kerala.
Sree Kerala Varma College is situated in Thrissur city of Kerala State, India. 
The idea of starting a new college at Thrissur City originated from a committee of prominent citizens of Thrissur, in response to strong public demand. The members of the committee armed with the moral support of the public besides a few promises of financial backing approached "His Highness" Rama Varma XV, the then Maharajah of Kochi to enlist "His Highness" sympathy and blessing for the venture. "His Highness" in his turn was gracious enough to allow free use of the Merry Lodge Palace and the naming of the college as after "His Highness", "Sree Kerala Varma College". "His Highness" in his turn was gracious enough to allow free use of the Merry Lodge Palace and the naming of the college as after "His Highness", "Sree Kerala Varma College". A free grant of one lakh rupees from the Devaswom funds together with a loan of four lakhs towards capital expenditure and a free grant of two hundred and fifty candies of timber were sanctioned by "His Highness". Greatly inspired and heartened by this magnificent gesture of "His Highness" the committee began to collect funds and completed all arrangements for opening the college on August 11, 1947. The college was initially under the Madras University. Now it is affiliated to the University of Calicut. As years rolled by, the college has grown and expanded considerably on a secure basis as a full fledged first grade instituition providing instructions in almost all the courses of study and occupying the pride of place as the biggest College under the Calicut University.
The college on the outskirts of the Thrissur has been a centre of liberal and socially responsible thought and activity for the 60 years of its history. The college is a leading educational institution in Kerala State. It has about 2,200 students on its rolls in 16 under graduate and 8 post graduate courses, with 105 members of teaching staff and more than 54 members of non-teaching staff. The motto "Asthu Vrittam Subham Sada" ( Pure be My Life for Ever) envisaged by the former Maharaja of Cochin, is the vision, leading light and constant source of inspiration.
The college endeavours to preserve the best traditions of liberal higher education, ensuring full freedom of expression to encounter multifarious ideological preoccupations. In both curricular and co- curricular activities the college aims at bringing out the best talents of the students. The college has taken up the mission with full commitment to bring up the students hailing from semi urban and rural areas, with poor socio economic backgrounds, on a par with those from better endowed urban areas. The college seeks to make the students competent to face the challenges of modern world with full confidence and social commitment. It provides hostel facilities for men and women. The women's hostel is situated within the college campus. The men's hostel is a short distance from the college campus near the NDS stadium complex of the college.
See also.
St. Thomas College, Thrissur
External links.
SKV College Official Website: http://www.keralavarma.ac.in/

</doc>
<doc id="5945815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945815" title="Kiyoshi Katsuki">
Kiyoshi Katsuki

Biography.
Katsuki was a native of Saga prefecture. He graduated from the 14th class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1902 and from the 24th class of the Army Staff College in 1912. Promoted to colonel in the infantry in 1923, he became commander of the IJA 60th Infantry Regiment the following year, and commander of the IJA 8th Infantry Regiment in 1925. In 1929, Katsuki was promoted to major general and given command of the IJA 30th Infantry Brigade. 
After being promoted to lieutenant general in 1933, he served as Deputy Commandant of the War Collage until 1935. Katsuki was commander of the IJA 12th Division from 1935 to 1936, and then commander of the Imperial Guards Division from 1936-1937. 
In early 1937, he became Deputy Inspector-General of Military Training until 12 July 1937, when he was called to replace Lieutenant General Kanichiro Tashiro, commander of Japanese China Garrison Army, had suddenly died a few days after the Marco Polo Bridge Incident.
As commander of the IJA 1st Army from 26 August 1937, Katsuki presided over the early fighting in north China in the Second Sino-Japanese War, including the Peiking – Hankow Railway Operation. He remained IJA 1st Army commander until 30 May 1938, when he was recalled to the Imperial Army General Staff Office in Tokyo. He retired from active military service two months later.

</doc>
<doc id="5945822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945822" title="Godot Waits For Homeland Security">
Godot Waits For Homeland Security

Godot Waits For Homeland Security is a 2003 play written by Martin Kimeldorf of Washington, D.C., USA.
This play consists of only two characters: AmbiMan and ProtoMan. It is set in a time when the United States has been invaded by those who have been attacked earlier by the USA. The text sharply criticizes the Homeland Security Department established under President George W. Bush. It expresses fear that the department has been established and is being used to suppress the voice of the opposition. The play also questions war-mongering attitudes of the developed nations. 
The title is suggestive of "Waiting For Godot", written by Samuel Beckett, but it is not a prequel or sequel. 
It has been produced by Theaters Against War (THAW) and Theatre Formation Paribartak.

</doc>
<doc id="5945824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945824" title="Fleming Cottage Hospital">
Fleming Cottage Hospital

Fleming Hospital is a UK National Health Service hospital in Aberlour, Morayshire, Scotland. It is administered by NHS Grampian.
Fleming Hospital was purpose built and is physically adjoined to the local health centre providing GP, community nursing and other primary care services. Fleming Hospital has 15 beds providing medical care, rehabilitation, assessment, palliative/terminal care, convalescence and respite care. The hospital also has a minor injuries unit. General medical and surgical out patient clinics are held on site.
The hospital was opened in April 1900, the building being financed by a legacy from James Fleming (1830-1895), the distiller. The architect was James Leslie Findlay.

</doc>
<doc id="5945825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945825" title="Fair Trade USA">
Fair Trade USA

Fair Trade USA, formerly "TransFair USA" is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
Mission.
Founded in 1998 by the Institute for Agricultural Trade Policy (IATP), Fair Trade USA’s mission is to "enable sustainable development and community empowerment by cultivating a more equitable global trade model that benefits farmers, workers, consumers, industry and the earth". Fair Trade USA audits transactions between US companies offering Fair Trade Certified products and the international suppliers from whom they source, in order to guarantee that the farmers and farm workers behind Fair Trade Certified goods were paid a fair, honest price. The Fair Trade model requires rigorous protection of local ecosystems and ensures farmers receive a harvest price, which will allow them to practice sustainable agriculture. In addition, annual inspections conducted by FLO-CERT ensure that strict socioeconomic development criteria are being met using increased Fair Trade revenues, in addition to sustainable farm management, environmental stewardship and democratic decision-making. The Fair Trade model seeks to empower farmers and workers around the world, keeping families, local economies, the natural environment, and the larger community strong today and for generations to come. 
Fair trade certified products encompass many different commodities including coffee, cocoa, and textiles. These commodities differ in location and types of labor used.
Sales.
During the 2005–2010 period, over 450 million pounds of Fair Trade Certified coffee was imported to the United States. This has provided coffee farmers in developing countries with approximately $40.9 million in Fair Trade premiums to reinvest towards family and community development, education, and environmental and productivity projects.
Although coffee remains the most popular Fair Trade product in the United States, Fair Trade USA has also certified tea and herbs, cocoa, rice, vanilla, sugar, flowers, fresh fruit (bananas, mango, pineapple and grapes), wine and apparel.
In 2006, Fair Trade Certified sales amounted to approximately US$499 million in the United States, a 45% year-to-year increase. And in 2010, data confirmed that mainstream consumers were increasing commitment to Fair Trade Certified products, with a 24% sales increase in grocery stores.
Split from Fairtrade International.
On September 15, 2011, Fair Trade USA announced that it would split off from its international peers and Fairtrade International (FLO International) in Bonn. Chief Executive Paul Rice says it will be easier to make business-friendly decisions and double fair-trade sales by 2015.
Paul Rice told Triple Pundit: “The challenge for us all now is how we can evolve the Fair Trade model in order to make it bigger, more scalable and to have greater impact on hard working farmers and farm workers around the world. And so toward that end we’ve recently launched Fair Trade for All, which is our effort to evolve and innovate the Fair Trade model in order to make it more scalable. ‘Innovation for impact’ is really the way we’re thinking about it.
Fair Trade USA announced a partnership with Scientific Certification Systems on September 27, 2011 to conduct audits and certify new producer groups that now will be able to join the Fair Trade movement.
Criticisms of Fair Trade.
Critics claim that Fairtrade is unethical. Consumers are willing to pay more for Fairtrade products in the belief that this helps the very poor. The main ethical criterion of critics of Fairtrade is that this money is diverted from the very poor farmers to businesses in rich countries, to moderately poor farmers, to employees of cooperatives or are used for unnecessary expenses, so there is inevitably an increase in death and destitution. This informs criticisms that there is reason to doubt that much of the extra money paid reaches farmers, and that there is reason to believe that Fairtrade harms non-Fairtrade farmers. There are criticisms of what is designated Unfair Trading under EU law. There are also criticisms using many other criteria.
The evidence is that little of the extra money paid by consumers reaches the Third World, let alone farmers there. The Fairtrade Foundation does not monitor how much extra retailers charge for Fairtrade goods, and retailers almost never sell identical Fairtrade and non-Fairtrade lines side by side, so it is rarely possible to determine how much extra is charged or how much reaches the producers, in spite of the Unfair Trading legislation. In four cases it has been possible to find out. One British café chain was passing on less than one percent of the extra charged to the exporting cooperative; in Finland, Valkila, Haaparanta and Niemi found that consumers paid much more for Fairtrade, and that only 11.5% reached the exporter. Kilian, Jones, Pratt and Villalobos talk of US Fairtrade coffee getting $5 per lb extra at retail, of which the exporter would have received only 2%. Mendoza and Bastiaensen calculated that in the UK only 1.6% to 18% of the extra charged for one product line reached the farmer. All these studies assume that the importers paid the full Fairtrade price, which is not necessarily the case. Many counter-examples would be needed to show that these are not typical.
FLO’s own figures are compatible with this. They claim that 1.53% of retail prices reach the Third World, and, since Fairtrade charges a 3% licencing fee at wholesale, the maximum that reaches the Third World, even if traders charge low margins is 50%. This would be unacceptable to most charities.
The Fairtrade Foundation does not monitor how much of the extra money paid to the exporting cooperatives reaches the farmer. The cooperatives incur costs in reaching the Fairtrade political standards, and these are incurred on all production, even if only a small amount is sold at Fairtrade prices. The most successful cooperatives appear to spend a third of the extra price received on this: some less successful cooperatives spend more than they gain. While this appears to be agreed by proponents and critics of Fairtrade, there is a dearth of economic studies setting out the actual revenues and what the money was spent on. FLO figures are that 40% of the money reaching the Third World is spent on ‘business and production’ which would include these costs, as well as costs incurred by any inefficiency and corruption in the cooperative or the marketing system. The rest is stated to be spent on social projects, rather than being passed on to farmers.
There is no evidence that Fairtrade farmers get higher prices on average. Anecdotes state that farmers were paid more or less by traders than by Fairtrade cooperatives. Few of these anecdotes address the problems of price reporting in Third World markets, and few appreciate the complexity of the different price packages which may or may not include credit, harvesting, transport, processing, etc. Cooperatives typically average prices over the year, so they pay less than traders at some times, more at others. Bassett (2009) is able to compare prices only where Fairtrade and non-Fairtrade farmers have to sell cotton to the same monopsonistic ginneries which pay low prices. Prices would have to be higher to compensate farmers for the increased costs they incur to produce Fairtrade. For instance, Fairtrade encouraged Nicaraguan farmers to switch to organic coffee, which resulted in a higher price per pound, but a lower net income because of higher costs and lower yields. The claim that Fairtrade ‘Fairtrade guarantees a fair price for the producer’ is not supported by the evidence.
There have been very few attempts at Fair trade impact studies. It would be methodologically and logically incorrect to use these attempts to conclude that Fairtrade in general does or does not have a positive impact. Griffiths (2011) argues that few of these attempts meet the normal standards for an impact study, such as comparing the before and after situation, having meaningful control groups, allowing for the fact that Fairtrade recruits farmers who are already better off, allowing for the fact that a Fairtrade cooperative receives aid from a dozen other organizations – Government Departments, Aid Agencies, donor countries, and NGOs, and allowing for the fact that Fairtrade may harm other farmers. Serious methodological problems arise in sampling, in comparing prices, and from the fact that the social projects of Fairtrade do not usually aim to produce economic benefits.
One reason for low prices is that Fairtrade imposes an inefficient marketing system. Farmers are forced to sell through a monopsonist cooperative, which may be inefficient or corrupt – certainly some private traders are more efficient than some cooperatives. They cannot choose the buyer who offers the best price, or switch when their cooperative is going bankrupt. There are also complaints that Fairtrade deviates from the free market ideal of some economists. Brink calls fair trade a "misguided attempt to make up for market failures" encouraging market inefficiencies and overproduction.
Low prices may also occur because the Fair Trade marketing system provides more opportunities for corruption than the normal marketing system, and less possibility of, or incentive for, controlling it. Corruption has been noted in false labelling of coffee as Fairtrade by retailers and by packers in the developing countries, paying exporters less than the Fairtrade price for Fairtrade coffee (kickbacks) failure to provide the credit and other services specified theft or preferential treatment for ruling elites of cooperatives not paying laborers the specified minimum wage.
A common criticism is that Fairtrade helps the rich rather than the poorest farmers. Fairtrade is profitable for traders in rich countries.It is also aimed at richer farmers. In order to join Fairtrade, cooperatives must meet quality and political standards which means their farmers must be relatively skilful, educated and well capitalized, and critics point out that these farmers are, therefore, far from the poorest farmers. The majority of Fairtrade suppliers are in the higher income or middle income Third World countries, such as Costa Rica and Mexico, with relatively few in the poorest countries. Mexico has 70 times the GNP per head of Sierra Leone. The minimum wage of agricultural workers in Peru is $3 a day and the average income of Fairtrade farmers in Bolivia was US$900/year, very much higher than normal agricultural incomes in Africa and much of Asia. Again, critics say this is diverting money from the poorest farmers.
Critics argue that Fairtrade harms all non-Fairtrade farmers. Fairtrade claims that its farmers are paid higher prices and are given special advice on increasing yields and quality. Economists state that, if this is indeed so, Fairtrade farmers will increase production. As the demand for coffee is highly inelastic, a small increase in supply means a large fall in market price, so perhaps a million Fairtrade farmers get a higher price and 24 million others get a substantially lower price. Critics quote the example of farmers in Vietnam being paid over the world price in the 1980s, planting lots of coffee, then flooding the world market in the 1990s. The Fairtrade minimum price means that when the world market price collapses, it is the non-Fairtrade farmers, particularly the poorest, who have to cut down their coffee trees. This argument is supported by mainstream economists, not just free marketers. This argument falls away if, as critics and FLO state, farmers do not get a higher price.
Fairtrade supporters boast of ‘The Honeypot Effect’ – that cooperatives which become Fairtrade members then attract additional aid from other NGO charities, government and international donors as a result of their membership. Typically there are now six to twelve other donors. Critics point out that this inevitably means that resources are being removed from other, poorer, farmers. It also makes it impossible to argue that any positive or negative changes in the living standards of farmers are due to Fairtrade rather than to one of the other donors.
The failure to disclose this may be not just unethical but criminal in some countries. Under EU law (Directive 2005/29/EC on Unfair Commercial Practices) the criminal offence of Unfair Trading is committed if (a) ‘it contains false information and is therefore untruthful or in any way, including overall presentation, deceives or is likely to deceive the average consumer, even if the information is factually correct’, (b) ‘it omits material information that the average consumer needs . . . and thereby causes or is likely to cause the average consumer to take a transactional decision that he would not have taken otherwise’ or (c) ‘fails to identify the commercial intent of the commercial practice . . . causes or is likely to cause the average consumer to take a transactional decision that he would not have taken otherwise.’ Griffiths (2011) points to false claims that Fairtrade producers get higher prices, the almost universal failure to disclose the extra price charged for Fairtrade products, to disclose how much of this actually reaches the Third World, to disclose what this is spent on in the Third World, to disclose how much, if any, reaches farmers, and to disclose the harm that Fairtrade does to non-Fairtrade farmers. He also points to the failure to disclose when ‘the primary commercial intent’ is to make money for retailers and distributors in rich countries.
The Fairtrade criteria are essentially political, and critics state that it is unethical to bribe Third World producers to adopt a set of political views that they may not agree with, and the donors providing the money may not agree with. In addition many of the failures of Fairtrade derive from these political views, such as the unorthodox marketing system imposed. Boersma (2002, 2009) the founder of Fairtrade, and like minded people are aiming at a new, non-capitalist way of running the market and the economy. This may not tie in with the objectives of producers, consumers, importers or retailers.
Booth says that the selling techniques used by some sellers and some supporters of Fairtrade are bullying, misleading and unethical. There are problems with the use of boycott campaigns and other pressure to force sellers to stock a product they think ethically suspect. Some people argue that these practices are justifiable: that strategic use of labeling may help embarrass (or encourage) major suppliers into changing their practices. They may make transparent corporate vulnerabilities that activists can exploit. Or they may encourage ordinary people to get involved with broader projects of social change.
There are complaints that the standards are inappropriate and may harm producers, sometimes imposing months of additional work for little return.
There have been claims that adherence to fair trade standards by producers has been poor and that enforcement of standards by Fairtrade is very weak, notably by Christian Jacquiau and by Paola Ghillani, who spent four years as president of Fairtrade Labelling Organizations There are many complaints of poor enforcement problems: labourers on Fairtrade farms in Peru are paid less than the minimum wage; some non-Fairtrade coffee is sold as Fairtrade ‘the standards are not very strict in the case of seasonally hired labour in coffee production.’ ‘some fair trade standards are not strictly enforced’ supermarkets avoid their responsibility. In 2006, a "Financial Times" journalist found that ten out of ten mills visited had sold uncertified coffee to co-operatives as certified. It reported that "The FT was also handed evidence of at least one coffee association that received Fairtrade certification despite illegally growing some 20 per cent of its coffee in protected national forest land. A lot of volunteers do unpaid work for firms, or market Fairtrade in schools, universities, local governments or parliament. Crane and Davies’ study shows that distributors in developed countries make ‘considerable use of unpaid volunteer workers for routine tasks, many of whom seemed to be under the (false) impression that they were helping out a charity.’ Other critics in the Fair trade debate claim that the volunteers cannot know what Fairtrade does achieve and what harm it does, because the information is concealed from them.
Segments of the trade justice movement have also criticized fair trade in the past years for allegedly focusing too much on individual small producer groups while stopping short of advocating immediate trade policy changes that would have a larger impact on disadvantaged producers' lives. French author and RFI correspondent Jean-Pierre Boris championed this view in his 2005 book "Commerce inéquitable".
There have been largely political criticisms of Fairtrade, both from the left and the right. Some believe the fair trade system is not radical enough. French author Christian Jacquiau, in his book "Les coulisses du commerce équitable", calls for stricter fair trade standards and criticizes the fair trade movement for working within the current system (i.e. partnerships with mass retailers, multinational corporations etc.) rather than establishing a new fairer, fully autonomous trading system. Jacquiau is also a staunch supporter of significantly higher fair trade prices in order to maximize the impact, as most producers only sell a portion of their crop under fair trade terms. It has been argued that the approach of the FairTrade system is too rooted in a Northern consumerist view of justice which Southern producers do not participate in setting. "A key issue is therefore to make explicit who possesses the power to define the terms of Fairtrade, that is who possesses the power to determine the need of an ethic in the first instance, and subsequently command a particular ethical vision as the truth." Some of the criticisms of Fairtrade from the free market approach to economics appear to be linked to right wing political approaches, but this does not mean that their analysis in this particular case is unacceptable to mainstream economists.
Fair Trade Month.
October is Fair Trade Month in the United States. This yearly celebration focuses on increasing awareness and building support for Fair Trade in the United States. Throughout the month, manufacturers, retailers, students, NGO organizations and Fair Trade Towns hold events and promotions in support of Fair Trade.
In 2011, Fair Trade USA and partner brands garnered support for Fair Trade with the help of several celebrity ambassadors.
Comedian Jimmy Fallon kicked off Fair Trade Month by hosting ice cream makers Ben & Jerry on the "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon". The October 4, 2011 episode mentioned the March episode in which Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield introduced their new flavor featuring Fair Trade Certified ingredients, Late Night Snack. Introducing the ice cream flavor, which is made with Fair Trade Certified vanilla and cocoa, gave Ben and Jerry the opportunity to discuss Fair Trade and the company’s goal to use entirely Fair Trade Certified ingredients by 2013.
Green Mountain Coffee partnered with musical groups Michael Franti & Spearhead and Grace Potter and the Nocturnals to broadcast live concerts in support of Fair Trade promoting Fair Trade. Both concerts were streamed on the Green Mountain Coffee Facebook page. Green Mountain Coffee was recognized in September 2011 as the largest purchaser of Fair Trade Certified coffee in the world, having bought 26 million pounds of Fair Trade coffee during 2010.
Also in 2011, pastry chef Malika Ameen of "" Season 1 joined celebrity dietician Ashley Koff to create three dishes full of Fair Trade Certified ingredients for a live Ustream broadcast during Fair Trade Month. The episode was called “Every Meal Matters” and consisted of a live cooking demonstration using Fair Trade Certified honey, vanilla extract, ground cinnamon, ground cardamom, bananas, mangos, pineapples, quinoa, natural cane sugar, coffee, chocolate, and brown sugar.
Mobile and social innovation.
Fair Trade USA launched the Fair Trade Finder in October 2011. The first mobile and social app to help consumers find Fair Trade Certified products based on location, the Fair Trade Finder is available for Facebook, iPhone and Android The crowd-sourced app displays Fair Trade Certified products by pinpointing the user's preferred location on a map. Users who find products can help others find them by uploading a photo or location of the Fair Trade products to the app.

</doc>
<doc id="5945837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945837" title="Strakonický Dudák">
Strakonický Dudák

12° Strakonický Dudák is a brand of the Czech Republic's brewery Měšťanský pivovar Strakonice, a.s. Together with Nektar, it is distributed in the Strakonice District region. The name refers to a fictional bagpipe player who lived in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="5945842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945842" title="Panchayatana puja">
Panchayatana puja

Panchayatana puja (IAST ') is the system of worship ('puja') in the Smarta sampradaya of Hinduism. It is said to have been introduced by Adi Shankara, the 8th century CE Hindu philosopher. It consists of the worship of five deities: Shiva, Vishnu, Devi or Durga, Surya and Ganesha. Depending on the tradition followed by Smarta households, one of these deities is kept in the center and the other four surround it. Worship is offered to all the deities. The five are represented by small murtis, or by five kinds of stones called a Panchayatana puja set, or by five marks drawn on the floor. 
One is placed in the center as the devotee's preferred God, Ishta Devata, and the other four in a square around it.
Smartas.
Philosophically, all are seen by Smartas as equal reflections of the one Saguna Brahman, (i.e., a personal God with form) rather than as distinct beings. This arrangement is also represented in Smarta temples, with one in a central sanctum, and the others installed in smaller shrines.
Udasi.
The Udasi sect follows the Panchayatana traditions.

</doc>
<doc id="5945851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945851" title="Panchayatana">
Panchayatana

From the sanskrit words "Pancha" (=five) and "Yatana" (=god).

</doc>
<doc id="5945856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945856" title="Tears Laid in Earth">
Tears Laid in Earth

Tears Laid in Earth is the first full-length album by the doom metal band The 3rd and the Mortal. This album was the release in which the band was first categorised as a doom metal act; however, they have since experimented with genres such as progressive rock, jazz and electronica, making this their last doom metal release.

</doc>
<doc id="5945860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945860" title="Igor Štimac">
Igor Štimac

Igor Štimac (born 6 September 1967) is a retired Croatian footballer.
Club career.
He played for the Croatia national football team, winning 53 caps and scoring two goals, and formed part of a Croatia squad that won the bronze medal at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. Previously, Štimac was a member of the highly talented Yugoslavia under-20 team that won the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship in Chile, playing four games and scoring two goals in the tournament. At the club level he played for Hajduk Split and, most notably, Derby County. Štimac arrived at the Baseball Ground on 31 October 1995 for a fee of £1.5 million from Croatian club Hajduk Split. He scored a goal on his debut for the Rams away at Tranmere, but the Rams fell to a heavy 5-1 defeat. The rest of the season was more successful; Derby gained promotion and remained unbeaten in 20 consecutive matches.
Igor Štimac had nearly four years with the Rams. He was sold on 29 August 1999 to West Ham United for £600,000, where he scored once against Newcastle United.
In all, Štimac made 84 league appearances for the Rams, in addition to seven FA Cup appearances and two League Cup appearances. In 2009 he was voted into a fans' greatest ever Derby County team, by readers of the Derby Evening Telegraph.
He also worked as a football analyst providing colour commentary for Croatian Radiotelevision during their broadcasts of the Croatia national team's matches.
Following his career in football he had a short spell as a pop star releasing a song called "Mare i Kate".
Coaching career.
Early days.
Štimac started his managerial career in 2005, when he took over his native club Hajduk Split. In the spring of 2006, he also spent two months coaching Croatian first division side Cibalia. On 14 September 2009 he was appointed as the new NK Zagreb manager. He was sacked on 14 May 2010.
Croatia.
On 5 July 2012, Štimac was appointed the new Croatia national football team manager, after the departure of his former national team teammate Slaven Bilić. His first match as Croatia manager came in a friendly game against Switzerland at Poljud Stadium, which ended in a disappointing 2-4 loss. Despite that loss, Croatia entered the 2014 World Cup Qualifications in decent fashion, taking 16 points from first six games. However, the results were not representative of Croatia's form on the pitch, as the team only had a goal difference of +7 from those six matches and scored the majority of their goals from set pieces, counterattacks, and defensive errors by their opponents. Then started a period of appalling results starting with a loss to 78th-ranked Scotland in inexplicable fashion at Maksimir by a score of 0-1 on 7 June 2013. Following this Croatia lost 0-1 in a friendly match to Portugal on 10 June 2013 and then barely beat 148th ranked Liechtenstein 3-2 in a friendly match thanks to a 86th minute goal by Eduardo on 14 August 2013. In their next world cup qualifying match, Croatia drew 1-1 against rivals Serbia in Belgrade, despite only having one shot on target and two shots overall. This was followed by another loss at home at Maksimir, this time to eventual group winners Belgium with a result of 1-2. With only one world cup qualifying match to go, Štimac had become widely unpopular in Croatia with one poll conducted by popular domestic newspaper 24sata resulting in 98% of voters in favor of sacking Štimac. On 15 October 2013, Croatia lost their final World Cup qualifying match 0-2 against Scotland. After the 0-2 loss to Scotland, Štimac tendered his resignation to HNS president, former star footballer and national team teammate of Štimac, Davor Šuker. The following day, Šuker accepted his resignation. Croatia ending qualifying as the second to last ranked second place team, having only one more point than last placed Denmark, thus taking the final playoff round spot.

</doc>
<doc id="5945861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945861" title="Hordabø">
Hordabø

Hordabø is a former municipality in Hordaland county, Norway. The municipality, which existed from 1924 until 1964, was located on the northern part of the island of Radøy in the present-day municipality of Radøy. The administrative centre was the village of Bøvågen, where Hordabø Church is located.
History.
On 1 July 1924, the old Manger municipality was split into three parts: "Bø" in the northern part, (a much smaller) Manger in the central part, and Sæbø in the southern part. The municipality, which was known as "Bø" at that time, had a population of 1,938. On 13 March 1925 the name was changed by royal resolution from "Bø" to "Hordabø". On 1 January 1964, Hordabø was merged with Manger and parts of the municipalities of Herdla, Sæbø, Lindås, and Austrheim to form the new municipality of Radøy. Prior to the merger, Hordabø had 1,679 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="5945870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945870" title="Asaram Bapu">
Asaram Bapu

Asaram Bapu, born Asumal Thaumal Harpalani or Asumal Sirumalani on 17 April 1941, is a controversial godman from India. He preaches the existence of "One Supreme Conscious" and claims Bhakti yoga, Gnana yoga and Karma yoga as influences.
In early 1970, Asaram built his first ashram on 4 ha (10 acres) of land in Gujarat and began using the name Asaram Bapu. There are over 400 major and minor ashrams in India and abroad and numerous followers.
Asaram has been involved in several controversies including his remarks on the 2012 Delhi gang rape, criminal cases filed against him involving land encroachment by his ashrams and a 2013 charge of sexual assault of a minor. He was arrested.
Early life.
Asaram was born on 17 April 1941, in the Berani village of the Nawabshah District in British India (present-day Pakistan), to Menhgiba and Thaumal Sirumalani. Following the partition of India in 1947, he and his family moved to Ahmedabad, then part of the former Bombay State in India, now Gujarat, leaving behind their immovable assets in Sindh. Thaumal, Asaram's father, subsequently founded a company which produced coal and wood. At one time (1958–1959) he sold tea in front of the Magistrate's office. After the death of his father, he learned meditation and spirituality from his mother. Over a period of years he acquired 10 acres of land in Gujarat, and he set up a small ashram. At that time he dropped his surname and began calling himself Asaram Bapu.
He finally left his family and travelled the country, until he went to Vrindavan, to the ashram of saint Lilashah.
He is married to Lakshmi Devi with whom he has a son, Narayan "Prem" Sai Harpalani and Bharti Devi, a daughter.
Spiritual works.
Asaram's spiritual discourses have been scheduled in different Indian cities like Ahmedabad, Patna and others. His devotees are shown taking "diksha" (initiation by a guru) from him in these "satsang" programs. Around 20,000 students visited his "satsang" in Ahmedabad in December 2001. In August 2012, when he was reportedly to deliver a lecture in a local college, his helicopter crashed while landing at Godhra. Asaram, the pilot, and the other passengers survived.
Asaram Bapu Ashram.
Sant Shri Asharamji Ashram is an organization of ashrams devoted to Asaram Bapu. The ashrams and its subsidiaries offer prayer services, yoga, and various other services. The first such ashram was established in 1971 at Ahmedabad, in Gujarat. This main Ashram also acts as the managing office for various other organizations formed by Asaram Bapu.
Globally, there are more than 200 Asaram Bapu Ashrams, in addition to more than 1,500 meditation centres.
Activities.
The ashram's mission is to provide spiritual, moral, educational and health related upliftment. The organization is also involved in providing financial-aid to the poor and needy.
The various ashrams also hosts periodic satsangs (sermons or teachings) from Asaram Bapu.
The Ashrams also have pyramid-shaped Maun Mandirs (temples for spiritual practices), which provide willing aspirants the option to stay in complete seclusion for seven days.
The ashram also manufactures a number of Ayurvedic medicines, spiritual books, and stationary. It has developed medical formulations from cow urine. The Ashram uses vans to sell these products at subsidised rates in the tribal areas of Godhra and Himmatnagar.
Asaram Bapu Ashram organises a 5-day camp for children which teaches children yogic techniques for meditation, along with other activities.
Parents' Worship Day.
In 2012, Asaram requested people to celebrate Valentine's Day as Parents' Worship Day. They published a booklet which described importance of worshipping one's own parents. As his spokesperson claimed, they wanted to give youth an alternative to Valentine's Day. The Yoga Vedanta Seva Samiti (YVSS), which belongs to Asaram Babu, to combat its perceived cultural invasion from the West declared Valentine's day to be celebrated as "Matri Pitri Poojan Divas" which means Parents Worship Day in 2011. The YVSS organised a "worship of parents" programme on 14 February of that year and over 700 parents and children participated in Rourkela, Orissa.
On 29 January 2012, Asaram Bapu published a booklet and called for 14 February to be celebrated as a day to worship parents as a way to revive Indian values. His public relations officer told "India Today", "The idea is to give the youth an alternative to western culture, which is eating into our values".
Asaram's proposal was supported by many prominent Indian politicians including President Pranab Mukherjee, the Bharatiya Janta Party leaders Rajnath Singh, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi and Nitin Gadkari, former Railway Minister Pawan Bansal, former Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and former Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Prem Kumar Dhumal. It was celebrated at places like Jammu and Chhattisgarh.
Though Valentine's day is quite popular in urban India, many conservative parents supported this traditional approach. A YVSS organiser told "the New Indian Express" that this was a potent tool to shield youngsters from getting swayed by "ill- practices of the West even as they connect with their roots by showing respect to elders" and complained about English-medium schools' refusal to celebrate it. It received negative coverage in the country's mainstream media and it was seen as an peaceful alternative to the violent attacks on those celebrating Valentine's day by right-wing groups such as the Bajrang Dal.
Controversies.
Land encroachment.
In 2000, the Asaram Ashram was allocated about 10 acres (4 ha) of land in Bhairavi village of Navsari district by the Gujarat government. The ashram encroached on an additional 6 acres (6 ha), leading to protests in the local villages. On a complaint filed by locals, and after repeated notices were ignored, the district authorities with police assistance bulldozed the encroachments and took possession of the land.
The Yog Vedanta Samiti of Asaram was reportedly given permission to use the premises of the Mangalya temple in Ratlam in Madhya Pradesh for 11 days for a satsang in 2001. The samiti failed to vacate the premises after the satsang, and continue to occupy a total of 40 ha (100 acres) of land, valued at over R7 billion. The land belongs to the now defunct Jayant Vitamins Limited. Asaram denied any involvement, saying the reports were baseless and untenable.
The Nashik Municipal Corporation destroyed a part of Bapu's ashram in Bhilwara for a 10-year encroaching on government-owned land.
2012 Delhi gang rape.
Asaram was widely criticised after his remark that the 2012 Delhi gang rape victim was equally guilty along with those responsible for the sexual assault on her.
He is reported to have said: "Only five or six people are not the culprits. The victim is as guilty as her rapists… She should have called the culprits brothers and begged before them to stop… This could have saved her dignity and life. Can one hand clap? I don't think so." He is also reported to have said that he was against harsher punishments for the accused in the Delhi rape victim case, as the law could be misused. To support his point, he is said to have stated that, "Dowry law in India is the biggest example of law being misused."
Asaram denied giving any statement in which he blamed the girl for the gang rape. According to him, his statement was distorted and misrepresented. He announced a reward of 50,000 rupees for anyone who can prove he blamed the victim for the gang rape.
Allegations of sexual assault.
In August 2013, Asaram was accused of sexually assaulting a 16-year-old girl at his ashram in Jodhpur on the pretext of exorcising her from evil spirits. Two days after the alleged assault the girl's parents filed a complaint with the police in Delhi and a medical examination confirmed that she had been assaulted. When Asaram did not appear for interrogation by 31 August, Delhi police booked him under Indian Penal Code sections 342 (wrongful confinement), 376 (rape), 506 (criminal intimidation), and sections of the Juvenile Justice Act, and the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act. Asaram remained inside his other ashram in Indore and avoided arrest while his devotees clashed with journalists and policemen outside. Eventually, the Jodhpur police arrested him on 1 September 2013 from his ashram. He has dismissed the girl's allegations and said accusations were a conspiracy orchestrated by Sonia Gandhi and her son Rahul Gandhi of the ruling Congress Party.

</doc>
<doc id="5945884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945884" title="MS Wolin">
MS Wolin

M/S Wolin is a train, car and passenger ferry owned by the Polish Unity Line. She was built in 1986 as M/S "Öresund" for the Swedish State Railways. Between 2002 and 2007 she sailed for SeaWind Line as M/S "Sky Wind", after which she was sold to her current owners.

</doc>
<doc id="5945891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945891" title="Montreux–Glion–Rochers-de-Naye railway">
Montreux–Glion–Rochers-de-Naye railway

The Montreux–Glion–Rochers-de-Naye railway (MGN), , is an electrically operated rack railway in Switzerland, with a track gauge of . It was originally built as two separate lines, the Glion–Rochers-de-Naye railway (GN) and the Montreux–Glion railway (MGI).
The line connects the resort of Montreux, on the shores of Lake Geneva, with the summit of the Rochers de Naye mountain. The line operates via the village of Glion, on the mountainside above Montreux, where it connects with the Territet–Glion funicular.
History.
Glion to Rochers-de-Naye.
The first section of the line to open was the Glion to Rochers-de-Naye railway, which was built by the "Chemin de fer Glion–Rochers-de-Naye" company (GN), and opened in 1892. Initially Glion was reached by the Territet–Glion funicular, which departed from a lower terminus opposite Territet station, the first station east of Montreux station on the Simplon railway.
The Glion to Rochers-de-Naye railway was built to a gauge of , and the line was operated by steam locomotives using the rack and pinion system devised by Roman Abt.
Montreux to Glion.
In 1909, the Montreux to Glion railway opened, built by the "Chemin de fer Montreux-Glion" company (MGl). This ran from a lower terminus within Montreux station, and at its upper end made an end-to-end junction with the Glion to Rochers-de-Naye line. A cross platform interchange was retained between both lines and the Territet-Glion funicular.
The Montreux to Glion railway was built to the same gauge and rack system as the Glion to Rochers-de-Naye railway, but was electrically operated from the start. Until 1938, when the Glion to Rochers-de-Naye line was electrified, trains were handed over in Glion between electric and steam locomotives. At the same time, electric railcars took over most services, leaving freight and peak traffic, service trains and snow blowing to the electric locomotives.
Merger.
Even after through railcars took over most services, the two lines remained the property of different companies. The two companies finally merged in 1987, to form the "Chemin de fer de Montreux–Glion–Rochers-de-Naye" company (MGN). In 1992 this company merged with the Territet-Glion funicular to form the "Chemin de fer Montreux–Territet–Glion–Rochers-de-Naye" company (MTGN).
In 2001, the MTGN was merged into Transports Montreux-Vevey-Riviera (MVR), a company that operates a number of railway lines in the Montreux area. It is marketed under the "Golden Pass Services' banner.
Closures.
In May 2008 the Montreux to Glion section of the line was closed so that work on the lining of the Tunnel de Valmont could be carried out. It reopened on schedule on 2 June ready for the summer season. During this closure the Glion to Caux and Rochers de Naye section had operated normally with the Montreux to Glion section being covered by a replacement bus service.
Route.
The railway from Montreux, which departs from platform 8 of the main line Montreux railway station, begins to climb steeply almost as soon as it leaves the station and enters the first of many tunnels. The line changes direction by a series of minimum radius curves, views of Lake Geneva alternating from side to side, before reaching the station at Glion. The workshops and depot are alongside the line as it leaves Glion, the main shops accessed from a traverser set off a loop line alongside the main line.
The line continues higher to the small village of Caux passing through Alpine meadows which, in the Springtime, are full of wild growing narcissus, forget-me-nots and others, before reaching its upper terminus at Rochers-de-Naye, the home of the Marmot Paradise, a centre where seven varieties of these small mammals can be seen in a natural environment. From here there are spectacular views over Lake Geneva and across to the French Alps, well worth the trip alone.
The line is long and has a vertical climb of . This is made up of the Montreux - Glion section, which climbs in , whilst the Glion - Rochers-de-Naye climbs in .
The line uses track of gauge and the rack and pinion system devised by Roman Abt. It is electrified using 850 V DC supplied by overhead lines. Passing loops are situated in the stations at Glion, Caux, Paccot and Jaman.
Rolling stock.
Railcars.
Abbreviations.
Services.
The line operates throughout the year, and provides an hourly service in each direction between Montreux and Rochers de Naye from around 09:00 to dusk. Additional services between Montreux and Caux operate in the early morning, in the evenings, and during peak periods. The trains are timed to offer connections at Montreux with main line services of the Swiss Federal Railways and MOB.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5945899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945899" title="Benzole">
Benzole

In the United Kingdom, benzole or benzol is a coal-tar product, consisting mainly of benzene and toluene. It was formerly mixed with petrol and sold as a motor fuel under trade names including "National Benzole Mixture" and "Regent Benzole Mixture".
Confusingly, in certain languages, such as German, Hungarian, Greek, Ukrainian and Russian the word "benzol" (or benzole) means benzene, and in some of these languages, words pronounced alike to benzene, e.g. the german word "Benzin", mean petroleum / gasoline.

</doc>
<doc id="5945904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945904" title="Sæbø, Hordaland">
Sæbø, Hordaland

Sæbø is a village in the municipality of Radøy in Hordaland county, Norway. The village is located along the Radfjorden on the southern coast of the island of Radøy, about west of the village of Austmarka and about south of the municipal centre of Manger. The village is the site of Sæbø Church which serves the southern part of Radøy municipality. 
Sæbø was the administrative centre of the old municipality of Sæbø which existed from 1924 until 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="5945915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945915" title="Scott Linebrink">
Scott Linebrink

Scott Cameron Linebrink (born August 4, 1976) is a former American professional baseball pitcher. He attended Texas State University.
Career.
Linebrink was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the second round of the 1997 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his major league debut with the Giants on April 15, 2000, but was traded to the Houston Astros for Doug Henry prior to the 2000 trade deadline. 
In May 2003, Linebrink was selected off waivers by the San Diego Padres from the Astros. In and , he went 7-3 with a 2.14 earned run average and 8-1 with a 1.83 ERA, respectively. He was traded to the Milwaukee Brewers for Steve Garrison, Will Inman and Joe Thatcher.
Following the 2007 season he was signed as a free agent by the Chicago White Sox, a deal reportedly worth $19 million over 4 years. Linebrink wears number 71 in honor of Mark Merila, former bullpen catcher for the Padres, who had battled a brain tumor.
On December 3, 2010, Linebrink was traded to the Atlanta Braves for minor league pitcher Kyle Cofield. On August 1, 2011, Linebrink was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a lower back strain.
On February 10, 2012, Linebrink signed a minor league deal with the St. Louis Cardinals, with an invitation to spring training. 
He was given his unconditional release on June 8, 2012, after injuries prevented him from pitching with the team.

</doc>
<doc id="5945919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945919" title="Ardian Kozniku">
Ardian Kozniku

Ardian Kozniku (born 27 October 1967) is a former Croatian footballer who played as a striker. He is from Kosovo and is of Albanian descent.
He started his career at KF Vllaznimi from Đakovica and was later picked up by KF Prishtina. He later moved to Croatian side Hajduk Split in 1990 and played there until 1994. He then went on to play for French clubs AS Cannes, Le Havre AC and SC Bastia, as well as Cypriot side APOEL, before making his comeback to Croatia in the summer of 1998, signing with Dinamo Zagreb. After two seasons and a half with Dinamo Zagreb, he made a move to Austrian side FC Kärnten in the winter break of the 2000-2001 season and left the club after only six months for Croatian side NK Hrvatski dragovoljac, where he finished his career in 2002.
With Hajduk Split, he was the top goalscorer of the opening season of the Croatian First League in 1992, scoring 12 goals. He scored a total of 45 goals in the league.
He was an occasional member of the Croatian national team in the 1990s, winning 7 international caps and scoring 2 goals. He made his international debut in a friendly match against Slovakia in April 1994 and also made three appearances in Croatia's qualifying campaign for the UEFA Euro 1996, scoring one goal. He was a member of Croatia's bronze medal-winning squad at the 1998 FIFA World Cup, but was left an unused substitute in all of the team's seven matches at the tournament. His last match for Croatia was a friendly against Australia in early June 1998, during the team's preparations for the upcoming World Cup, where he also netted one goal in his team's 7-0 victory.
Kozniku has served two years as the president of the Croatian Diving Federation. His daughter Diana (born 1995), a diver, placed 11th in 1 m springboard at the 2010 European Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="5945934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945934" title="Manger, Norway">
Manger, Norway

Manger is the administrative center of Radøy municipality in Hordaland county, Norway. The village lies in the central part of the island of Radøy, along the Radfjorden. The village of Bøvågen lies about to the northwest and the village of Sæbø lies about to the southeast. The village has a population (2012) of 840, giving the village a population density of .
Manger has been the administrative center of Radøy municipality since 1964 when the municipality was established. Before that year, the village was the administrative center of the municipality of Manger which existed from 1838 until 1964. Manger Church is located in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="5945938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945938" title="Meetings, incentives, conferencing, exhibitions">
Meetings, incentives, conferencing, exhibitions

Meetings, incentives, conferences, and exhibitions (MICE, with the “E” sometimes referring to "events" and the “C” sometimes referring to "conventions") is a type of tourism in which large groups, usually planned well in advance, are brought together for a particular purpose. Recently, there has been an industry trend towards using the term 'meetings industry' to avoid confusion from the acronym. Other industry educators are recommending the use of "events industry" to be an umbrella term for the vast scope of the meeting and events profession. 
Most components of MICE are well understood, perhaps with the exception of incentives. Incentive tourism is usually undertaken as a type of employee reward by a company or institution for targets met or exceeded, or a job well done. Unlike the other types of MICE tourism, incentive tourism is usually conducted purely for entertainment, rather than professional or education purposes.
MICE tourism usually includes a well-planned agenda centered around a theme or topic, such as profession trade organization, a special interest group or an education topic. Such tourism is often a specialized area with its own exhibition (e.g., IMEX, EIBTM, GIBTM, AIBTM, CIBTM. and AIME) and practices.
Convention bureaux.
MICE event locations are normally bid on by specialized convention bureaux in particular countries and cities and established for the purpose of bidding on MICE activities. This process of marketing and bidding is normally conducted well in advance of the event, often several years, as securing major events can benefit the local economy of the host city or country. Convention bureaux may offer financial subsidies to attract MICE events to their city. 
MICE tourism is known for its extensive planning and demanding clientele.

</doc>
<doc id="5945948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945948" title="Zoran Mamić">
Zoran Mamić

Zoran Mamić (born 30 September 1971) is a retired Croatian footballer who serves as both the manager and sporting director of Dinamo Zagreb.
Club career.
He played for Dinamo Zagreb between 1989 and 1996, after which he went on to spend nine years playing for various clubs in Germany. Between 1996 and 1998, he made 45 Bundesliga appearances and scored four league goals for Bochum. In 1998, he moved for two seasons to Bayer Leverkusen, but only made 15 Bundesliga appearances for the club without scoring a goal. He then returned to Bochum for the 2000–01 season and made another 23 Bundesliga appearances for the club.
In 2001, he moved to Second Bundesliga side Greuther Fürth and spent two seasons with the club, making 48 appearances and scoring one goal in the Second Bundesliga. He subsequently played one season apiece for Second Bundesliga clubs LR Ahlen and Eintracht Trier, making 21 league appearances for Ahlen and 30 league appearances for Trier, scoring one goal for the latter club. In his career in Germany, he made 83 Bundesliga appearances with four goals scored as well as 99 Second Bundesliga appearances with two goals scored.
In 2005, he returned to Dinamo Zagreb and finished his playing career at the club in late March 2007, after which he continued to work for the club as their sporting director. He captained the Dinamo Zagreb team that won the Croatian championship in 2006. His last match for Dinamo Zagreb was on 3 March 2007 in their 3–1 away victory over NK Varteks.
International career.
He also won six international caps for the Croatian national team between October 1996 and June 1998, also being a member of the country's bronze medal-winning squad at the 1998 FIFA World Cup, although he did not play a single minute during the team's seven matches.
Coaching career.
On 22 October 2013 following the sacking of Branko Ivanković Mamić was named caretaker manager of Dinamo Zagreb by his brother Zdravko Mamić. This was the second time in only two months that he was appointed as interim coach, as he (together with Damir Krznar) had taken over the team from Dinamo's previous coach Kruno Jurčić after their 2-0 home defeat against FK Austria Wien in the Champions League play-off in August 2013. He ended his first match as interim coach with an away win against Slaven Belupo. A week later, Dinamo faced FK Austria Wien in the second leg of Champions League playoffs. In Vienna, Mamić and Krznar led Dinamo to a 3-2 win, failing to clinch a spot in the Champions League group stage in the last 10 minutes of the match, as Dinamo had a 3-1 lead. After sacking of coach Ivanković, Mamić was again appointed as interim coach. He chose former Dinamo Zagreb players, Damir Krznar and Igor Cvitanović, to be his assistants. In November 2013, after string of positive results, including an 0-0 match against PSV Eindhoven in Europa League, Mamić suffered his first defeat as Dinamo Zagreb coach, in away match against PSV Eindhoven. In December 2013, Mamić led Dinamo to one of their biggest Eternal Derby triumphs against Hajduk Split, when they won 5-0 in the Croatian Cup quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="5945959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945959" title="New immigrants in Hong Kong">
New immigrants in Hong Kong

Family reunification and Right of abode.
Immediately after the handover of Hong Kong back to Chinese rule, Hong Kong's Legislative Council passed an amendment to the Basic Law that would restrict immigration to children born outside of Hong Kong that were born to Hong Kong residents. The constitutionality of this amendment came to be challenged in court, and in January 1999, the Court of Final Appeal ruled against the amendment. This ruling immediately granted up to 300,000 people in mainland China the right of abode in Hong Kong, and it was estimated that within the next ten years, about 1.6 million people in mainland China would become eligible for right of abode in Hong Kong.
Immigration and Cross-border Families.
Hei Hang Hayes Tang (2003) gave the following account: after the first influx of refugee capitalists and workers from Mainland China in the late 1940s, Hong Kong experienced another influx in the late 1970s. The migrants of this second wave were mainly young male mainlanders who made their living by working in the manufacturing industry. Being less attractive in the eyes of Hong Kong local born women, many of these young mainlanders generally had to find spouses in Mainland China. Soon after the Mainland government opened its door for economic development and after the signing of Sino-British Joint Declaration in 1984, there was a massive relocation of industrial activities from Hong Kong to the Pearl River Delta. Such industrial relocation has accentuated the trend of marriage between Hong Kong working-class men and Mainland women (So, 2002). According to the General Household Survey 1991, some 95,200 Hong Kong residents who were married in Mainland China had spouses still in Mainland. It was estimated that 149,500 had children living in China and the total number of children was around 310,000 (Siu, 1996).
Family Reunification Process and Family Strategies.
For working-class newly arrived families, the family reunification process is typically long and difficult with a number of obstacles to overcome. There are complicated procedures and a long waiting time for getting a one-way permit. Therefore, cross-border family members need to formulate their own strategies for immigration and reunification. The families have to plan the ‘best’ time for reunification, decide who will take care of the children, and discuss where and in what school the children should receive their education (Ku, 2001). Rational and strategic use of family resources, including maximisation of family social capital is essential. Middle-class families tend to have an advantage in this process because of the financial capital and cultural capital they accumulated, but it is not the case for working-class newly arrived families. 
The various scenarios in the family reunification process affect the social relations in the family, and therefore impact on the utilisation of family resources as well as its capital accumulation. The scenarios could be:
1. The mother migrates first, and the children receive education and are taken care of by their grandparents, relatives or school in the Mainland;
2. The child migrates first, and leaves behind his/her mother and possibly also siblings to join the father in Hong Kong.
In the latter case, the father needs to take up the role of nurturing which was previously played by the mother. Such a social phenomenon may create tension in family functioning (So, 2002:20). Rao and Yuen (2001) suggest that psychiatric problems in newly arrived students may rise owing to the disruptions in family relations and changes in family ecologies. It is also claimed that home-school cooperation can hardly be established if the mother, who has arrived in Hong Kong, does not know Cantonese.
Influx of mainland women coming to Hong Kong to give birth.
In the 2001 case "Director of Immigration v. Chong Fung Yuen", the Court of Final Appeal held that a boy born in Hong Kong to two mainland parents neither of whom was a Hong Kong resident nevertheless was entitled to the right of abode. 
The number of children born to non-Hong Kong permanent residents in Hong Kong hospitals has increased almost 100 times from 2001 to the first 10 months of 2006. The number of babies born to mainland mothers soared to 20,000 in the first 10 months of 2006 from less than 9,000 in 2002. Thousands of women from the mainland come to Hong Kong to give birth because it entitles their babies to permanent residency there. The benefits include a free education and subsidised health care as part of Hong Kong’s British-inspired welfare policies. Hong Kong residents pay as little as $12.80 to give birth at a hospital because of extensive government subsidies.
In order to limit mainland mothers coming to give birth, starting Feb. 1 2007, pregnant women from the mainland have to pay $5,000 for their hospital care before they are even allowed to enter Hong Kong. Under the new release rules, immigration officers will be instructed to turn back any mainlander who appears to be at least seven months pregnant and has not paid.

</doc>
<doc id="5945976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945976" title="Fåberg">
Fåberg

Fåberg is a village and former municipality in Oppland county, Norway.
The parish of "Faaberg" was established as a municipality January 1, 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt). On January 1, 1964 Fåberg was incorporated into the neighboring municipality Lillehammer. Prior to the merger Fåberg had 13,381 inhabitants.
The district Fåberg contains the villages Fåberg and Jørstadmoen. Combined, they form an urban area with a population of 1,342.
The name.
The municipality (originally the parish) was named after the old farm Fåberg (Norse "Fágaberg"), since the first church was built there. The meaning of the first element is unknown, the last element is "berg" n 'mountain'.
Until 1921 the name was written "Faaberg".

</doc>
<doc id="5945982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945982" title="Krunoslav Jurčić">
Krunoslav Jurčić

Krunoslav "Kruno" Jurčić (; born 26 November 1969) is a retired Croatian professional footballer who is now a coach.
Club career.
He started his professional career at Dinamo Zagreb in 1988, before moving to Inker Zaprešić in 1991 and Uljanik Pula in 1993. He went on join Belgian side Beveren in 1995, but returned to Dinamo Zagreb after one season following Beveren's relegation from the top flight. He subsequently spent three seasons with Dinamo Zagreb, also playing for them in the group stage of the UEFA Champions League in 1998. He then went on to spend three seasons in Italy with Torino and Sampdoria, before returning to Croatia by signing with Slaven Belupo in 2002. He finished his career with Slaven in 2004.
National team.
He has been capped 21 times for the Croatian national team and also played three full matches at the 1998 FIFA World Cup finals, where Croatia won the bronze medals.
Managerial career.
Jurčić started his managerial career at Croatian First League side NK Istra 1961. In his first season as head coach NK Istra 1961 finished the season (2005/2006) in 6th place which was the best ever season result for the club. The following season, he was offered the head coaching position at Slaven Belupo. They finished the season in 2nd place on the table (best ever league position in club history) and qualified for UEFA Cup competition. He left the club in 2008 and went on to join the reigning Croatian champions and his former club, Dinamo Zagreb, on 5 March 2009. With Dinamo he won his first managerial titles by winning the 2008–09 and 2009–10 Prva HNL and Croatian Cup in 2009. On 19 May 2010 Krunoslav Jurčić resigned as the coach of Dinamo Zagreb.
He returned to Dinamo after Vahid Halilhodžić resigned in 2011 and remained manager until December of the same year, when he was fired after Zagreb's final group game of the UEFA Champions League against Lyon, having failed to pick up any points.
After appearing as a football pundit in various sports papers and during football matches broadcasting, Jurčić was included in Igor Štimac's staff that took charge of Croatia national football team after Euro 2012. In late November 2012 Jurčić once again returned to Dinamo Zagreb, replacing sacked Ante Čačić.
On 22 August 2013, Krunoslav Jurcic was sacked after Dinamo Zagreb lost 2-0 at home to Austria Vienna in the Europa League play-off round.

</doc>
<doc id="5945996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5945996" title="Battle of Northern and Eastern Henan">
Battle of Northern and Eastern Henan

During the Second Sino-Japanese War the Japanese 1st Army under Lt. General Kiyoshi Katsuki drove the Chinese forces of General Cheng Qian's 1st War Area out of Northern and Eastern Honan until they were stopped by the disastrous 1938 Yellow River flood caused by the diversion of the Yellow River by the Chinese Army into the Chia-lu and Huai Rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="5946000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946000" title="Alexandru Bădoiu">
Alexandru Bădoiu

Alexandru Nicolae Bădoiu (born 17 August 1981 in Pucioasa) is a Romanian football player, currently under contract at Jiul Petroşani.
Bădoiu started his career at FCM Reşiţa before moving to Jiul Petroşani, where he won promotion to the first league. He was transferred by FCU Politehnica Timişoara in the summer of 2006, for 400000 Euros, but returned in the winter of the same year to Jiul, for a fraction of that sum.

</doc>
<doc id="5946006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946006" title="Brian Sikorski">
Brian Sikorski

Brian Patrick Sikorski (born July 27, 1974 in Detroit, Michigan) is a former baseball relief pitcher.
Although Sikorski made his MLB debut in , he didn't play another game in the big leagues until . He played professional baseball in Japan for five years, until for the Yomiuri Giants.
The Cleveland Indians acquired Sikorski in a trade July 18, 2006, by sending right-handed pitcher Mike Adams to the San Diego Padres. On May 17, , Sikorski's contract was sold to the Tokyo Yakult Swallows. He signed to play for the Chiba Lotte Marines in . After two more seasons with the Marines, Sikorski signed a contract with the Saitama Seibu Lions to be the team's closer in 2010. Securing the closer spot for the first time in his Japanese career, Sikorski responded, as of August 29, 2010, he leads the Pacific League in saves with 30, and he did not blow a save until August 20 against the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters. Until the 2010 season, Sikorski's record for saves was 15; this was broken on May 25 against the Hiroshima Toyo Carp.
Sikorski attended Western Michigan University and obtained a degree in criminology. Brian was drafted in the fourth round of the amateur entry draft by the Houston Astros.
Like many pitchers, Sikorski is known for his strict adherence to his pre-pitching routine. Two of his most noticeable routines are how he vigorously swings his right (pitching) arm in a windmill-style circle, both forwards and backwards before throwing his warmup pitches. Also, after getting the third out of the inning, he sprints off the mound and jumps over the foul line on the way to his team's dugout, resulting in him usually being the first one in.

</doc>
<doc id="5946007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946007" title="Biri, Norway">
Biri, Norway

Biri is a village in the municipality of Gjøvik, Oppland county, Norway. It was formerly classified as a municipality.
The parish of Biri was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt). On 1 January 1910, the district Snertingdal was divided from Biri to form a municipality of its own, leaving Biri with 2,815 inhabitants. On 1 January 1964, Biri was incorporated into the neighboring municipality of Gjøvik. Prior to the merger, Biri had 3,274 inhabitants.
Biri was the center of several small villages including Biri Øverbygd, Udahlsroa and Klomsteinroa. This has traditionally been an agricultural and forestry community. The village of Biri had a population of 1,389 inhabitants as of 1 January 2009. It is located at Mjøsa Bridge on the west side of Mjøsa lake, between Lillehammer and Gjøvik. The Vismunda river, which drains into Mjøsa, has been an important lifeline.
Biri church ("Biri kirke") is a cruciform church dating from 1777. Built of timber, it has 450 seats. The church was erected after the original church burned down. In 1890 there was another major fire, this time at the Biri parsonage. The fire also destroyed church records for 1789-1814 and 1854-1877. In April 2007, major damage in the church led to an extensive rehabilitation. 
Biri Glassworks produced layer glass, windows and bottles. Production started in 1764 after it was created by Royal Norwegian charter. The operation went bankrupt in 1843 but was rebuilt in 1855. In the 1880s, it was closed.
Madshus is a Norwegian ski and ski-equipment manufacturer which is located at Biri. The first Madshus ski were produced by Martin Madshus in 1906 in a barn in Vardal near Gjøvik. The company was moved to Lillehammer in 1936, and then to Biri in 1972.
The name.
The Norse form of the name was "Biríð". The name is probably very old, and the meaning is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="5946013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946013" title="Montemarano">
Montemarano

Montemarano is a town and "comune" of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy. 
History.
The existence of the town is documented since the 11th century. During Norman times it was attacked by Ruggiero and completely destroyed. Later it became a fiefdom of Raona of Fragneto. Other important feudal lords were the Caracciolo, the Della Leonessa and the Della Marra.
Montemarano was also the seat of a Roman Catholic Diocese between the years of 1059-1818. [http://www.katolsk.no/utenriks/kronologi/italy_montemarano1059.htm Its first bishop, St. John of Montemarano[http://www.promontemarano.it/SanGiovanni.html], is honored with a statue in the town.
Festivals.
The most important event is the famous Montemarano Carnival with its known tarantella montemaranese, an ancient tradition of the place.
Economy.
The economy depends on agriculture, notably vineyards. One of the more famous wineries of Montemarano and the surrounding region is the Aminea winery. Aminea wines can be found in some American wine shops.

</doc>
<doc id="5946019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946019" title="Quebec general election, 2007">
Quebec general election, 2007

The Quebec general election of 2007 was held in the Canadian province of Quebec on March 26, 2007 to elect members of the 38th National Assembly of Quebec. The Quebec Liberal Party led by Jean Charest managed to win a plurality of seats, but were reduced to a minority government, Quebec's first in 129 years, since the 1878 general election. The Action démocratique du Québec, in a major breakthrough, became the official opposition. The Parti Québécois was relegated to third-party status for the first time since the 1973 election. The Liberals won their lowest share of the popular vote since Confederation, and the PQ won their lowest share since 1973 and their second lowest ever. Each of the three major parties won nearly one-third of the popular vote, the closest three-way split in Quebec electoral history until the 2012 election. Voter turnout among those eligible was 71.23%, a marginal difference from the previous general election in 2003.
This was the first time since the 1970s that a government was not returned for its second term with a majority.
Overview.
With just over a year left in the government's five year mandate, the Liberals called an election for March 26, 2007.
In August 2006, there were widespread rumours of an election to be held in the fall with speculation that Premier Jean Charest wanted to hold elections before a federal election would be held.
Benoît Pelletier, the minister responsible for electoral reform, had announced his plan to table two bills about election reform during the fall, possibly leading to a referendum on voting system reform to be held concurrently with the election. However, as of December 2006, this plan has been put off indefinitely due to strong resistance to the idea of proportional representation from within the Liberal Party.
Speculation grew that a provincial election would be held following the federal budget. It was thought that the federal Conservative government would present a budget that would address the perceived fiscal imbalance. This measure would help Charest argue that his government was more effective in getting concessions from the federal government than a PQ government would be. With polls showing Charest's Liberals ahead of the opposition for the first time in several years, speculation intensified that Charest would not wait until the federal budget to call a provincial election but call one in the winter to take advantage of both of these developments. Charest recalled the legislature early in order to table a provincial budget on February 20, 2007. On the same day, federal Minister of Finance Jim Flaherty announced that the federal budget would be tabled on March 19, clearing the way for Charest to set a provincial election for a week later in hopes of benefiting from Flaherty's budget. On February 21, Charest called the election for March 26.
Issues.
Charest wants to negotiate a solution to the problem of the fiscal imbalance between the federal and provincial governments with Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
André Boisclair, leader of the Parti Québécois, had said he would hold a referendum (or "popular consultation", as in the party platform) on the issue of Quebec independence as soon as possible after an election win.
Multiculturalism, secularism and the place of cultural and religious minorities in Quebec were issues in this election. There was a large scale debate over "reasonable accommodation" towards cultural minorities, and a few political leaders expressed their views on the question. Mario Dumont, leader of the Action démocratique, took a clearer position on the question than the others, calling on the majority to protect some elements of national identity and values such as gender equality, and suggesting that a Quebec Constitution be written, in which the privileges cultural minorities are to be given would be clarified.
Results.
The overall results were:
List of candidates.
The results in each riding (electoral division) were:
Cabinet members and party leaders are in bold type.

</doc>
<doc id="5946024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946024" title="Marco Negri">
Marco Negri

Marco Negri (born 27 October 1970 in Milan) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a striker for Cosenza, Perugia, Rangers, Bologna and Livorno.
Career.
Rangers manager Walter Smith bought Marco Paulo Negri from Perugia for £3.5 million in 1997. He was rewarded with instant success, as Negri scored 23 goals in his first ten league games. His low-key celebrations were noteworthy - often he felt the need only to exchange a handshake with other players and showed little exuberance.
Negri easily topped the goal charts in that first campaign, with 32 league strikes. His scoring run was brought to an end on suffering a serious eye injury, attributed to a squash match with Sergio Porrini. Back training after his eye injury, Negri suffered from further injuries. After that first season Negri only played three more first team games, and he sat out the whole of one campaign. Rangers then loaned him to Vicenza and the striker returned to Ibrox injured. Eventually he was sold to Bologna, in February 2001.
His record at Bologna reads two substitute appearances in two years, so it would appear that his attitude to the game remained the same. He apparently did start working with a famous sports clinic in Italy with a view to regaining full fitness and at that time, Ivano Bonetti held talks with Negri about a return to Scotland as replacement for Claudio Caniggia at Dundee.
After Bologna, Negri dropped into Serie B with Livorno but they released him after a few months. In 2004, the player had a trial at Derby County, although he wasn't offered a contract.

</doc>
<doc id="5946026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946026" title="People Capability Maturity Model">
People Capability Maturity Model

The People Capability Maturity Model (short names:People CMM, PCMM,P-CMM) is a maturity framework that focuses on continuously improving the management and development of the human assets of an organization. It describes an evolutionary improvement path from ad hoc, inconsistently performed practices, to a mature, disciplined, and continuously improving development of the knowledge, skills, and motivation of the workforce that enhances strategic business performance.
The People Capability Maturity Model (People CMMI) is a framework that helps organizations successfully address their critical people issues. Based on the best current practices in fields such as human resources, knowledge management, and organizational development, the People CMM guides organizations in improving their processes for managing and developing their workforces. The People CMM helps organizations characterize the maturity of their workforce practices, establish a program of continuous workforce development, set priorities for improvement actions, integrate workforce development with process improvement, and establish a culture of excellence. Since its release in 1995, thousands of copies of the People CMM have been distributed, and it is used worldwide by organizations, small and large. First published in book form in 2001, it is in print in several editions worldwide, and a second edition was published in July 2009.
Description.
The People CMMi consists of five maturity levels that establish successive foundations for continuously improving individual competencies, developing effective teams, motivating improved performance, and shaping the workforce the organization needs to accomplish its future business plans. Each maturity level is a well-defined evolutionary plateau that institutionalizes new capabilities for developing the organization's workforce. By following the maturity framework, an organization can avoid introducing workforce practices that its employees are unprepared to implement effectively.
The People CMM has been published in book form in numerous editions around the world.
Structure.
The People CMM document describes the People CMM, the practices that constitute each of its maturity levels, and information on how to apply it in guiding organizational improvements. It describes an organization's capability for developing its workforce at each maturity level. It describes how the People CMM can be applied as a standard for assessing workforce practices and as a guide in planning and implementing improvement activities.
Version 2 of the People CMM has been designed to correct known issues in Version 1, which was released in 1995; to add enhancements learned from five years of implementation experience; and to integrate the model better with CMMI and its IPPD extensions. The primary motivation for updating the People CMM was the error in Version 1 of placing team-building activities at Maturity Level 4. The authors made this placement based on substantial feedback that it should not be placed at Maturity Level 3, as it had been in early review releases. Experience has indicated that many organizations initiate formal development of workgroups while working toward Maturity Level 3. Thus, Version 2 of the People CMM initiates process-driven workgroup development at Maturity Level 3. This change is consistent with the placing of integrated teaming activities at Maturity Level 3 of the CMMI-IPPD.

</doc>
<doc id="5946031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946031" title="Xerox Phaser">
Xerox Phaser

Xerox Phaser is the brand name for a line of color and monochrome printers produced and sold by Xerox. Some Phaser printers use Xerox Solid Ink which takes advantage of 2400 FinePoint technology. Phaser printers were originally manufactured and marketed by Tektronix, of Wilsonville, Oregon.
The Acquisition of the Tektronix Color Printing and Imaging Division by Xerox.
Xerox acquired the Tektronix Color Printing and Imaging Division, including the Phaser brand, in 2000. The Phaser brand has become a key component of Xerox's office product portfolio, and the company continues to expand the product line. 
One of the more important aspects of the acquisition of the Tektronix divisions is that Xerox decided to keep the Tektronix staff and support services, as Tektronix is a well known name for high-performance and high-quality printers. This was a very important move for Xerox since Tektronix had a very good marketing campaign, attending all major tradeshows, and had excellent customer service.
The Phaser 7700 Series.
The Xerox Phaser 7700 Series of Color Laser Printers use the VxWorks Operating System on its 20GB PATA IDE Hard Drive (For Example, The 7700GX Series Includes an IBM 20GB Model #:IC25N020ATCS04-0 Xerox P/N: 650-4198-02). 
The 7700 Series is a Wide Format Duplex Capable toner based printer capable of printing up to 12x18 page sizes. The average 8.5x11 Letter size speed is 23 pages per minute. ([http://www.office.xerox.com/printers/color-printers/phaser-7700/])

</doc>
<doc id="5946032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946032" title="Petar Krpan">
Petar Krpan

Petar Krpan (born 1 July 1974) is a Croatian retired footballer who played as a forward.
Club career.
Born in Osijek, Krpan started his career with hometown club NK Osijek, and moved to Sporting Clube de Portugal in 1998, being scarcely used during his one 1/2-season spell. In January 2000, staying in Portugal, he left for União de Leiria and played for the club until the 2001 summer.
Krpan then returned to Croatia and played one season apiece for Osijek, NK Zagreb and HNK Hajduk Split, before returning to Leiria for 2004–05. He was an important offensive element during the campaign as his team barely avoided relegation from the first division, notably scoring in a 1–1 home draw against F.C. Porto.
In 2005, Krpan once again moved back to his country by joining HNK Rijeka, where he spent one season before moving to second division side NK Inter Zaprešić. In 2007–08 he dropped down another level and joined NK Grafičar Vodovod, returning to his hometown and retiring from football after one year, aged 34.
International career.
In 1998 Krpan won three international caps for the Croatian national team – all as a second-half substitute – his debut being on 6 June in a friendly match with Australia, in Zagreb.
He was a member of the bronze medal-winning squad at the 1998 FIFA World Cup where he made one appearance, playing the last 15 minutes of the round-of-16 match against Romania (1–0).

</doc>
<doc id="5946034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946034" title="Henry of Segusio">
Henry of Segusio

Henry of Segusio, usually called Hostiensis, (c. 1200 – November 6 or 7, 1271) was an Italian canonist of the thirteenth century, born at Susa (Segusio), in the ancient Diocese of Turin. He died at Lyon.
Life.
He gave himself up to the study of Roman law and canon law at Bologna, where he seems to have taught, and to have taken his degree "utriusque juris". He taught canon law at Paris, and spent some time in England, whence King Henry III sent him on a mission to Innocent IV.
Later he became Provost of Antibes, and chaplain to the pope and was soon promoted to the See of Sisteron (1244), afterwards to the Archdiocese of Embrun (1250). He became Cardinal Bishop of Ostia and Velletri on May 22, 1262, whence his name Hostiensis. His health forced him to leave the conclave which, after the Holy See had been vacant for three years, elected Gregory X.
Works.
As a canonist Hostiensis had a great reputation. His works are:
A work on feudal law has also been attributed to him, but without foundation.
Hostiensis on Papal "Plenitudo Potestatis" (Fullness of Power).
For Hostiensis the law as well as all political authority were derived from God. Because of this all princes “exercised authority by divine mandate.” Civil law was divine because the emperors who created that law were placed in authority by God. Despite this, however, civil law was inferior to canon law.
The reason for this is that the pope’s authority was even closer to the divine than that of secular princes. Because the pope was the vicar of God he acted on God’s authority, from which he (the pope) derived his own authority. Thus, whenever the pope acted "de iure" he acted as God. Therefore canon law, since it was promulgated by the pope, was established by God. This is because canon law was based on the bible, and God had given his vicar, the pope, the authority to interpret that text. Thus canon law was divine not because it came directly from God, but because of the end it sought (the spiritual well-being of Christians) and because of the dignity of the Pope, from which the canon law emanated.
Hostiensis believed that while the pope should follow positive law he was not bound by it. Thus the pope could not be tried for any crime, except that of heresy, in which case “the pope could be subject to the 'ecclesia' (the Church)." For any other violation of law the pope could be judged by no one save God. Further, except in the event that a mortal sin would result, the pope was to be obeyed in everything he commanded, including violations of positive law, since the pope was above that law. The only exception to this was if the pope’s command violated the conscience of the one being commanded, in which case the one being commanded should not obey.
Similarly, Hostiensis believed that the pope could grant exemptions even from divine law ("mandates of the Apostles and rules of the Old Testament"), so long as that exemption did not lead to a mortal sin, violate the faith, subvert the faith, or endanger the salvation of souls. The pope had great authority indeed, he could even "change squares into circles.
According to Hostiensis the pope was imbued with the authority of the two swords (Lk 22:36-38), interpreted as spiritual and temporal power. The spiritual was superior to the temporal in the following three aspects: “in dignity, for the spirit is greater and more honourable than the body; in time, for it was earlier; and in power, for it not only institutes the temporal power but also has the authority to judge it, while the Pope cannot be judged by any man, except in cases of heresy.” The pope entrusted temporal authority to the emperors but retained the right to reclaim that authority “in virtue of the ‘plenitudo potestatis’ which he possesses as the vicar of Christ.” Indeed, the temporal power of the pope was so complete that Hostiensis considered it a mortal sin for a temporal ruler to disobey the pope in temporal matters.
This view of papal authority in temporal matters also applied to the kingdoms of non-Christians. For Hostiensis all sovereignty had been taken away from non-Christians and transferred to the faithful when Christ came into the world. “This translation of power was first made to the person of Christ ho combined the functions of priesthood and kingship, and this sacerdotal and kingly power was then transferred to the popes.” Non-Christians were thus subject to Christians but could maintain sovereignty over their lands so long as they recognized the church as superior. If non-believers failed to recognize the lordship of the Church, however, sovereignty could be taken away from them by the pope and transferred to Christian rulers.
Hostiensis’ influence lasted well into the seventeenth century. His thought played an especially central role in Spanish theories of empire during the age of discovery. Both Juan Lopez de Palacios Rubios and Fray Matias de Paz, who were recruited by King Ferdinand of Spain in 1512 to help legitimate Spanish title over the New World, based their justifications of Spanish sovereignty over the New World on Hostiensis’ ideas on papal temporal sovereignty.
In literature.
He is mentioned in the "Paradise" (12.82-85) of Dante's "Divine Comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="5946035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946035" title="Brian Sweeney">
Brian Sweeney

Brian Edward Sweeney (born June 13, 1974 in Yonkers, New York) is an American professional baseball pitcher. He pitched for Team Italy in the 2012 World Baseball Classic.
Sweeney graduated from Archbishop Stepinac High School in White Plains in 1992. After making his major league debut with the Seattle Mariners in , Sweeney moved to San Diego in and then signed with Japan's Hokkaido Nippon Ham Fighters.
He signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners and has reported to Tacoma Rainiers on Thursday April 15, 2010.
On June 15, 2010, he was called up to replace Ian Snell, who was designated for assignment.
On November 3, 2010, Sweeney was claimed off waivers by the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Sweeney signed a minor league contract with the New York Mets on May 5, 2011. On January 27, 2012, he signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners.

</doc>
<doc id="5946036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946036" title="Jon Dough">
Jon Dough

Jon Dough was the stage name of Chester Anuszak (November 12, 1962 – August 27, 2006), an American pornographic actor who worked steadily from 1985 to 2006.
Early life.
Dough grew up in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. Dough attended Albright College in Reading, Pennsylvania, graduating in 1985 with a degree in Biology.
Career.
After graduating from college, Dough was introduced to working in porn by his brother, who posed for gay magazines. His first film was a short loop he made for Lance Kinkaid in 1985.
In 1999, Vivian Valentine received a black eye after being hit by Jon during the filming of Anabolic Video's "Rough Sex"; however, she has said: "I have no regrets or bad feelings about it".
As Dough or one of his other performing aliases, he was a veteran of nearly 1,100 adult videos and had directed 71 titles, according to the IAFD. One of his most noteworthy achievements was participating in a gangbang with 101 women, becoming as well the first DVD published by the adult-magazine publisher "Hustler".
Personal life and death.
Dough's first marriage was to Deidre Holland, a pornographic actress, whom he later divorced. He remarried pornographic actress Monique DeMoan, with whom he had a daughter.
Dough died on August 27, 2006, in Chatsworth, California, of suicide by hanging. He was 43 years old. DeMoan discovered his body in a closet in their home.
DeMoan subsequently left the industry and is raising their daughter in an undisclosed location.

</doc>
<doc id="5946037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946037" title="List of members of the 77th West Virginia House of Delegates">
List of members of the 77th West Virginia House of Delegates

This List of members of the 77th West Virginia House of Delegates lists the members of the House of Delegates for the 77th West Virginia Legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="5946039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946039" title="Knowledge triangle">
Knowledge triangle

The knowledge triangle refers to the interaction between research, education and innovation, which are key drivers of a knowledge-based society. In the European Union, it also refers to an attempt to better link together these key concepts, with research and innovation already highlighted by the development of the Lisbon Strategy and, more recently, lies behind the creation of the European Institute of Technology (EIT).

</doc>
<doc id="5946067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946067" title="Marijan Mrmić">
Marijan Mrmić

Marijan Mrmić (born 6 May 1965 in Sisak) is a retired Croatian football goalkeeper who is now a coach. He is currently the goalkeeping coach for both NK Varaždin and the Croatian national football team.
Club career.
He started his career at Mladost Suhopolje in 1983 and moved to Dinamo Vinkovci in 1988. He left the club in 1993, when it was already renamed to Cibalia, and moved to Varteks Varaždin. In 1996, he left Varteks for Turkish club Beşiktaş Istanbul and spent two seasons there before eventually returning to Varaždin in 1998. By the end of his playing career, he also had a short spell with Belgian club Charleroi, but made only seven league appearances for the club and returned to Varteks, where he finished his playing career in 2000 and continued to work for the club as the first assistant coach as well as the goalkeeping coach.
International career.
Between 1995 and 1999, Mrmić won a total of 14 international caps for Croatia, mainly being the national team's second-choice goalkeeper during the period.
He made his international debut on 11 June 1995 in a 1–0 defeat to Ukraine in Kiev during the UEFA Euro 1996 qualifying, coming on as a substitute for Dubravko Pavličić in the 27th minute, following a red card to Tonči Gabrić. He made his second appearance in the qualifying on 3 September 1995 in a 7–1 win at home to Estonia, coming on as a substitute for Dražen Ladić in the 29th minute.
Prior to the UEFA Euro 1996 finals, he appeared in three friendly matches, also playing the full 90 minutes in a goalless draw against England at Wembley. During the finals, he was Croatia's second-choice goalkeeper, with Dražen Ladić being the first choice, and made his only appearance in their final group match, a 3–0 defeat to Portugal.
He went on to make three appearances in the 1998 FIFA World Cup qualifying, which included playing the full 90 minutes in the second leg of the playoffs against Ukraine. He was also part of the 22-man squad that won the bronze medals at the 1998 FIFA World Cup finals, but did not make an appearance during the tournament.
In January 1999, he won his only international cap for Croatia B in a friendly match against France B. He also continued to be Croatia's second-choice goalkeeper during the UEFA Euro 2000 qualifying. His only appearance in the qualifying came in a 2–1 win at home to Malta on 21 August 1999. It eventually turned out to be his final international appearance, as he retired from international football two months later, following Croatia's failure to qualify for the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="5946080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946080" title="Koltsovo, Novosibirsk Oblast">
Koltsovo, Novosibirsk Oblast

Koltsovo () is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Novosibirsky District of Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, located about kilometers northeast of Akademgorodok and southeast of Novosibirsk's center. Population: 15,795; . Total area: 18,8 sq.km.
Koltsovo is a Science town (Naukograd) of the Russian Federation.
History.
The history of Koltsovo began in 1974 and is inseparably linked with the history of the State Research Center of Virology and Biotechnology VECTOR.
The settlement, initially established as a home to an institute for research of especially dangerous viruses, was named after a famous Soviet biologist, cytologist, and geneticist Nikolai Koltsov.
On January 17, 2003, Koltsovo was granted "naukograd" (science town) status, which it is to retain until the end of 2025. The status is granted to the cities with high concentrations of scientific research and production capabilities. Koltsovo received its status by Russian President order no.45 of January 17, 2003.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Koltsovo is subordinated to Novosibirsky District. As a municipal division, Koltsovo is incorporated separately as Koltsovo Urban Okrug.
Science and business.
Since its creation Koltsovo has been developing as a center of biotechnology, molecular biology, and virology. For instance, Koltsovo’s Institute Vector is one of two places in the world which is an official repository of smallpox. The second smallpox store resides at the Center for Diseases Control and Prevention in Atlanta, Georgia.
The science-driven business of the Science town has always been nurtured by research conducted by Vector specialists. The first wave of commercialization of Vector developments took place in 1990s and was sustained by the Vector director Lev Sandakchiev. A number of research spin-offs were created at that period, including Vector-Medica, Vector-Best, Vector-Bialgam, ImDi, which are currently among the most prominent innovation enterprises in Koltsovo.
The research conducted in Koltsovo includes such top-notch developments, such as vaccines against breast cancer, hepatitis A and A+B, therapeutic HIV Vaccine and vaccine against pandemic H1N1 influenza; test-systems for early diagnostics of cancer, infectious diseases, TORCH-infections, zoonosis infections, hepatitis C, as well as dangerous deathly viruses such as Ebola, Marburg, Machupo, Lassa, dengue and yellow fever.
Koltsovo also has a number of companies active in functional food production, such as liquid probiotics with 100% content of bifidumbacteria, muesli enriched with probiotics, products based on pure extracts of pine and fir, different types of food supplements.
Not only virology and biotechnology in different aspects attract attention of researchers from Koltsovo. Koltsovo is a home to a large IT company Center of Financial Technologies, software developer for financial, healthcare and public sectors, known for its creation of the Russian payment system Zolotaya Korona.
Koltsovo has an infrastructure for science-driven business, including:
In 2013 the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation has adopted the creation of a joint BioPharma and IT cluster in Novosibirsk region with the BioPharma centered in Koltsovo.
In 2014 35 companies of Koltsovo, as well as biotech companies from Akademgorodok and Berdsk have created a non-profit partnership BioPharm as an instrument for fostering cooperation and interests protection.
Society and economy.
Koltsovo is the least populated naukograd in Russia, but it takes the lead among other naukograds in tax revenue, volume of produced innovation products, residential construction, and birth rate. 
Koltsovo is located in a picturesque place, surrounded by coniferous and birch trees. The apartment buildings are beautifully alternated by green plantations. The unique location of the Science town, its vicinity to Novosibirsk and the adjacent science center Akademgorodok, create a special ambiance where tranquility is combined with energy from business and social life. Since 2006 in Koltsovo 4 new neighborhoods have been constructed and the 5th is planned to be built in the next 5 years. It provides solid population growth as well as high birth rate in Koltsovo. 
Koltsovo has a high-level medical complex, including a recently refurbished policlinic with newly opened center for rehabilitation for kids with cerebral palsy, schools, including a boarding school with specialisation in biotechnology, kindergartens, recreation centers, a recently refurbished art school, trading centers, drug stores, market, cafés, and a hotel. Proximity to nature allows residents to enjoy outings. Koltsovo Park offers, among others, downhill skiing in winter and fishing and horse riding in summer. Koltsovo has a stadium, refurbished in 2008, with running tracks, tennis court, football and volleyball fields. The social life thrives with guest performances of Novosibirsk theaters and concerts. The Youth Parliament, which implements social projects, was organized by students living in Koltsovo.
International cooperation.
Koltsovo actively develops international cooperation. The Science town is often visited by business and scientific delegations from European and Asian countries, such as Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, China, Thailand and others. Koltsovo business often sets on company missions abroad, to countruies like Finland, Greece, Germany and others. The international cooperation is sustained by Municipality of Koltsovo and Innovation center Koltsovo.

</doc>
<doc id="5946081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946081" title="Dormansland, Surrey">
Dormansland, Surrey

Dormansland is a large village and civil parish with a low population approximately one mile south of Lingfield in Surrey, England. It was founded in the 19th century and is bordered on the east by the county of Kent and on the south by West Sussex and East Sussex, the only area of the county which borders East Sussex. The nearest town is the large town of East Grinstead, immediately across the West Sussex border.
Geography.
Dormansland is a rural and semi-rural village of a largely cleared, flat area of the Weald save for the woodlands covering most of Greathed's private park, which is in Dormansland and scattered woodlands of Dormans Park, a housing estate toward the southern border. It is a large civil parish approximately one mile south of Lingfield. It is a recent village relative to the average age of an English village, and is bordered on the east by Kent and on the south by West Sussex and East Sussex, the only area of the county which borders East Sussex. The nearest town is the large town of East Grinstead, immediately across the West Sussex border which adjoins Dormans Park.
The Prime Meridian passes through the parish, just west of its centre. London is centred north.
History.
The earliest known settlement in the parish was at Dry Hill, dating from approximately 500BC. The camp lay at the junction of trackways from the north and east.
A hamlet of Lingfield derived from Richard Derman who is recorded owner of part in 1435, with 'Dermannysland' appearing in the manorial rolls in 1489. Beacon Heath in the south of the parish, on a slight knoll, is said by tradition (which the Victoria County History says is 'probably true') to have been the site of a fire beacon. The east of the parish includes a large, partly farmed 'park and garden' as it is listed by English Heritage, around a listed building (at Grade II architecturally), Greathed Manor, built as Ford House in 1862, according to its inscription for the 'Ford' family. Robert Kerr, its architect, was principally a house designer in the mid-late 19th century, a co-founder of the Architectural Association and author of "The English Gentlemen's House".
An interim period of many years saw the hamlet referred to as Bellagio or Bellaggio until the late 19th century. Until the enclosure (privatisation) of the Lingfield Commons in 1816, Dormansland consisted of a few farms and cottages. A Baptist Chapel was built in 1796, and a National School in 1851. By the opening of the Dormans railway station in 1884 the village had most of its modern layout, a small village quantity of 'villas and bungalows' having been constructed from 1880 until 1885.
The church of St John the Evangelist was built in 1883 to a design by Arthur Blomfield and consecrated in 1884. The ecclesiastical parish was created from part of the Lingfield parish the next year. In the following century small housing estates (principally Locks Meadow) were built on farmland in the parish, close to the existing development to create a nucleated village.
The civil parish was created from part of the Lingfield in 2000 and is on a larger basis than its ecclesiastical parish.
Localities.
Dormans Park.
The Dormans Park Estate has its origins in the late 19th century when the land was bought by the Bellaggio Estate Company. The new railway station made the area easily accessible from London. The estate grew steadily during the early 20th century subject to mutual restrictive covenants to keep large plots in a wooded setting. Dormans Park was added to the parish in 1921. Current residents include Tom Cruise, Peter Andre, and Teletubbies creator Anne Wood.
Young Epilepsy.
Young Epilepsy (formerly The National Centre for Young People with Epilepsy) is within the definition of Dormansland.
Demography and housing.
The average level of accommodation in the region composed of detached houses was 28%, the average that was apartments was 22.6%.
The proportion of households in the civil parish who owned their home outright compares to the regional average of 35.1%. The proportion who owned their home with a loan compares to the regional average of 32.5%. The remaining % is made up of rented dwellings (plus a negligible % of households living rent-free).
Local government.
Most local services are divided, depending on their type, between Tandridge District and Surrey County Councils. Additional local facilities are provided or maintained by the civil parish council, which provides for instance the village hall.

</doc>
<doc id="5946085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946085" title="AX architecture">
AX architecture

AX (Architecture eXtended) was a Japanese computing initiative starting in around 1986 to allow PCs to handle double-byte Japanese text via special hardware chips, whilst allowing compatibility with software written for foreign IBM PCs. It was developed by a consortium including Sony, Hitachi, Sharp, Oki, Casio, Canon, Kyocera, Sanyo, Mitsubishi, etc. but notably excluding NEC, Toshiba and Fujitsu (who were the market leaders and hence the 'opposition').
To display Kanji characters with sufficient clarity, AX machines had JEGA screens with a resolution of 640x480 rather than the 640x350 EGA standard prevalent elsewhere at the time. Users could typically switch between Japanese and English mode by typing 'jp' or 'us', which would also invoke an IME enabling the input of Japanese characters.
AX later came to be superseded by IBM's DOS/V, which accomplished the same goals purely in software thanks to advances in typical PC capabilities such as memory, speed, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5946086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946086" title="Ulmus lanceifolia">
Ulmus lanceifolia

Ulmus lanceifolia Roxburgh, ex Wall. [http://www.plant.ac.cn/dan_tu/8/6856.htm], occasionally known as the Vietnam Elm, is a very large tree endemic to a wide area of southern Asia. Its range extends southeast and eastwards from Darjeeling in the Himalaya, through Bangladesh, southern China, Myanmar (formerly Burma), Thailand, Laos, Vietnam and on discontinuously into Indonesia, straddling the Equator in Sumatra and Celebes.
Description.
"Ulmus lanceifolia" can reach a maximum height of 45 m, placing it on a par with the English Elm, but with pendulous branches; the bark of the trunk exfoliates in thin scales. The leaves, borne on wing-less branchlets, are narrow, generally lanceolate, < 10 cm long by < 3.5 cm broad, and thick. The tree is deciduous in the north of its range, where it can occur at altitudes of up to 2500 m, but evergreen in the tropics. Given the latitudinal range, there is inevitably a substantial variation in its flowering time, beginning in October in the north, but advancing to February - March in the south. The obovate samarae are 12–30 mm long by 11–24 mm broad.
Pests and diseases.
"U. lanceifolia" was found to be among the least suitable elms for feeding and reproduction by the adult elm leaf beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola" and feeding by the Japanese Beetle "Popillia japonica" [http://www.bioone.org/doi/full/10.1603/0022-0493%282001%29094%5B0445%3APOTCEU%5D2.0.CO%3B2 in the USA.
Cultivation.
The species is not known to survive in Europe. There were plans to send cuttings from specimens growing at the U S National Arboretum in Washington, D.C. to the new Ulmatum in the Netherlands, however these trees appear to have succumbed to the American winter. Specimens introduced to the Netherlands from the Himalaya by Heybroek in the 1960s also perished.
Accessions.
None known.

</doc>
<doc id="5946092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946092" title="Carrier Air Wing (video game)">
Carrier Air Wing (video game)

"This article is about the game. For the naval unit, please see Carrier Air Wing."
Carrier Air Wing, released in Japan as , is a 1990 side scrolling shooting game released for the CP System arcade hardware by Capcom. It is the spiritual sequel to "U.N. Squadron", released during the previous year. As with the original, players chose any one of three different jet fighters and battle their way through ten enemy-packed stages. Other ideas carried over from U.N. Squadron include the shop, which allows players to buy weapon and shield upgrades for their jet fighter between stages, and the energy bar, which is replaced by a "fuel bar" which starts full at the start of each stage and decreases as time passes with some fuel lost each time the plane is damaged.
Plot.
During the decade of the nineties, many things in the world have changed. Growing cooperation between old rivals and friendships between the superpowers of the globe were examples of such occurring changes in political and economical scenarios of the world, but this fragile peace was not to last for long: in the year 1997, the fictional Middle Eastern country "Rabu" built several weapons of mass destruction, such as ICBM's, tactical nuclear bombs, and even a satellite-based tactical laser weapon, able to strike anywhere in the world.
With such weaponry in hand and benefiting from several terrorists over the world, Rabu was ready to declare war on mankind and aspire to their dream of global conquest.
An emergency call arrives to the U.S. government when, in 1999, Rabu strikes Tokyo, Japan with its extensive weaponry. The Americans decide to fight back against Rabu, and the USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70) slips out to sea carrying three of the finest Navy fighter pilots in the world: Rick Ford, Mark Olson, and James Roy, launching them on a campaign to remove the threat of Rabu and bring peace and freedom back to the world.
The greatest air war in human history is about to begin...

</doc>
<doc id="5946115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946115" title="Daniel Šarić">
Daniel Šarić

Daniel Šarić (born 4 August 1972 in Rijeka) is a former Croatian footballer who played as a right wingback. His name is sometimes spelled as Danijel Šarić.
Born in Rijeka, Šarić started his professional career at local club NK Rijeka back in 1989. He went on to move to Spanish club Sporting de Gijón in 1993 and subsequently returned to Croatia by signing with Dinamo Zagreb in 1995. After five years with Dinamo, he went on to move abroad once again by signing with Greek club Panathinaikos for the 2000-01 season. He stayed at Panathinaikos until the summer of 2003 and then returned to his home town by signing a four-year contract with NK Rijeka. He retired in July 2007 after the contract expired.
Šarić was also an almost regular member of the Croatian national team between 1997 and 2002. He won a total of 30 international caps, but failed to score any goals. His only major tournament was the 2002 FIFA World Cup, where he appeared in all of the Croatian team's three group matches and was a starting player in two of them.

</doc>
<doc id="5946119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946119" title="Danijel Šarić">
Danijel Šarić

Danijel Šarić may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946125" title="List of schools in Scotland">
List of schools in Scotland

The list of schools in Scotland is divided into several articles:

</doc>
<doc id="5946128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946128" title="Southern Cross Healthcare (United Kingdom)">
Southern Cross Healthcare (United Kingdom)

Southern Cross Healthcare (Group plc) was a private provider of health and social care services, predominantly through the provision of care centres for elderly and some younger people. The group was the largest provider of care homes and long term care beds in the United Kingdom, operating over 750 care homes, 37,000+ beds and employing around 41,000 staff. Following rapid expansion financed by the sale of leases of its homes, its shares fell 98% from early 2008 to early 2011, reducing its market value from £1.1bn to around £12m. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and a constituent of the FTSE Fledgling Index.
History.
The company was founded in 1996 by John Moreton, who was its chairman and chief executive until 2002. By 2002 "...it had 140 homes, was the third-largest of its kind in Europe and was heading for the stock market". In August 2002, the management backed by West Private Equity and Healthcare Investments Limited, acquired Southern Cross through an £80m management buy-out. 
In September 2004, a secondary buy-out of the business by the management together with Blackstone Capital Partners followed, for £162m. Blackstone then acquired care home owner NHP (Nursing Home Properties) for £564m, which saw a competition investigation by the Office of Fair Trading. In November 2005, it also took over the Ashbourne Group of care homes, comprising 10,000 beds in 193 homes, for £85m.
Blackstone reorganised the business under a sale-and-leaseback strategy. Southern Cross Healthcare became a pure operating company, renting care homes from a number of companies, including NHP which became a pure property company. NHP was subsequently sold to investors.
In July 2006, the company was floated on the London Stock Exchange, entering the FTSE 250 Index in September.
Closure.
In early 2011 the company was in crisis, as it increasingly found its annual rent bill (over £240m on its 750 properties) unaffordable, having sold leases before the 2008 financial crisis to fund expansion. With public spending cuts leading to fewer referrals (and a drop in occupancy rates from 92% to 84%), it was forced into negotiations with its landlords for rent reductions and appealed to the government for support. In early June 2011 it was announced that the company had made its own decision to withhold 30% of rent owed to avoid mass care home closure. Experts warned of a possible collapse into administration. Its shares had already fallen 98% from early 2008 to early 2011, reducing its market value from £1.1bn to around £12m.
By July 2011, attempts to rescue the company had failed, and all care homes were being taken over by their landlords. The largest landlord, NHP, owning 250 Southern Cross homes, hired Chai Patel to transfer management HC-One, a company set up by his old consultancy Court Cavendish. The former CEO, James Buchan, waived his severance pay.
Media criticism focussed on the split from the landlord entity, as the sale and leaseback strategy implemented by Blackstone Group had crippled Southern Cross with an unsustainable business model. Blackstone denied responsibility, stating that the company had been in good order when it sold it five years previously.
Orchid View inquest.
Late in 2011, two staff at the company's Orchid View care home in Copthorne, West Sussex, were arrested on suspicion of ill-treatment and neglect of residents.
The case had come to the notice of the authorities due to a whistleblower. A coroner's ruling in 2013 found that 19 deaths at Orchid View were unexplained, but stated that under Southern Cross' former management the home was "mismanaged and understaffed", and rife with "institutionalised abuse". A Serious Case Review is under way.
Managers closed the home in 2011; it has since been renamed and reopened under new management.

</doc>
<doc id="5946133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946133" title="Robert Etheridge, Junior">
Robert Etheridge, Junior

Robert Etheridge (23 May 1847 – 4 January 1920) was a British palaeontologist who made important contributions to the Australian Museum.
Etheridge was born in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England, the only son of the palaeontologist, Robert Etheridge and his wife Martha, "née" Smith. He was educated at the Royal School of Mines, London, under Thomas Huxley, and was trained as a palaeontologist by his father.
In 1866 Etheridge came to Australia, working under Alfred Richard Cecil Selwyn on the Victorian geological survey until it was terminated in 1869, and returned to England in 1871. Two years later he was appointed palaeontologist to the geological survey of Scotland, and in 1874 obtained a position in the geology department in the Natural History Museum at South Kensington. While there in co-operation with P. H. Carpenter he compiled a valuable Catalogue of the Blastoidea. In 1878–1880 with H. Alleyne Nicholson, Etheridge published a "Monograph of the Silurian Fossils of the Girvan District in Ayrshire".
Etheridge returned to Australia in 1887 and was given a dual position as palaeontologist to the geological survey of New South Wales and the Australian Museum at Sydney. While in England he had much correspondence with his friend Dr Robert Logan Jack who had sent him many fossils from Queensland. From 1881 they worked together and in 1892 appeared "The Geology and Palaeontology of Queensland and New Guinea", by Robert L. Jack and Robert Etheridge, Junior, an elaborate work with many plates and maps. Etheridge founded "The Records of the Geological Survey", and published many papers on the fossils of the older strata. 
On 1 January 1895 Etheridge was appointed curator of the Australian Museum, and in his hands the collection was much enriched and better displayed, and he initiated the "Records of the Australian Museum". As he grew older he enlarged his interests to include ethnology. He wrote much on the manners and customs of the aborigines and gathered together a remarkable collection of native work for his museum. He also extended the usefulness of the museum by having popular science lectures and demonstrations for visitors. He died suddenly of pneumonia on 4 January 1920. His wife predeceased him and he was survived by two sons. 
Etheridge wrote a large number of scientific papers, around 350 were published. A list of his papers will be found in the "Records of the Australian Museum", vol. XV, pp. 5 to 27. He was awarded the Wollaston Fund by the Geological Society of London in 1877, shared the 1895 Clarke Medal with Robert Logan Jack (awarded by the Royal Society of New South Wales). Etheridge was also awarded the von Mueller medal by the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science in 1911. Numerous species of animals, both fossil and recent, were named in his honour, and his name was also given to a goldfield in Queensland, a peak in the Kosciusko plateau, and a glacier in Antarctica.

</doc>
<doc id="5946134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946134" title="Centralwings destinations">
Centralwings destinations

This is a list of domestic and international destinations of Centralwings, a now defunct Polish airline:
Africa.
Egypt
Spain
Europe.
Bulgaria
Croatia
Czech Republic
France
Germany
Greece
Ireland
Italy
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Spain
United Kingdom
Middle East.
Israel

</doc>
<doc id="5946160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946160" title="Broughton, Edinburgh">
Broughton, Edinburgh

Broughton is an ancient feudal barony, today within the City of Edinburgh, Scotland that was once known for its witchcraft.
Ancient Barony.
The feudal barony of Broughton in the 16th and 17th centuries was in the hands of the Bellenden family, who had made their money in the legal profession. Sir John Bellenden of Broughton, Knt., (d. October 1, 1576) who was present at the Coronation of King James VI in 1567, possessed the barony of Broughton, with the additional superiorities of the Canongate and North Leith, having therein nearly two thousand vassals, according to Sir John Scott of Scotstarvet, writing in 1754. Broughton passed to his son, Sir Lewis Bellenden, Knt., (d. August 27, 1591) Lord Justice-Clerk and a Lord of Session, who is cited as one of the Ruthven Raiders and ultimately to William Bellenden, 1st Lord Bellenden of Broughton (d. September 6, 1671).
Edinburgh.
Scattered houses on the farmlands which originally made up Broughton eventually gave way to more general housing in the century prior to the formation of Edinburgh's New Town which adjoined the parish of Broughton. Its modern borders are defined, approximately, as being Leith Walk in the south east, Broughton Street in the south west, Broughton Road in the north west and McDonald Road in the north east. Moving clockwise from south east, Broughton is bordered by Greenside and Calton, the New Town, Canonmills, and Pilrig.
Broughton's main thoroughfare is Broughton Street. The street has many independent speciality shops.
Broughton is today at the centre of Edinburgh's "pink triangle", an area of the city with a number of gay bars and clubs.
The "Broughton Spurtle: Broughton's Independent Stirrer" is a community newspaper for Broughton [http://www.broughtonspurtle.org.uk/]. It has been running since February 1994.
Broughton High School was formerly located in Broughton, but is now located further west in Comely Bank. The Scottish poet Hugh MacDiarmid undertook part of his formal education at Broughton High. Schools still located in Broughton include Drummond Community High School, Broughton Primary School and St Marys RC Primary School.
The Scottish folk band Silly Wizard were based for some time in a flat located at 69 Broughton Street. Phil Cunningham, member of Silly Wizard and younger brother of the band's founder, Johnny Cunningham, still lives in Broughton.
Gayfield Square Police station, which is featured in the Inspector Rebus stories written by Edinburgh-based writer Ian Rankin, is located on Gayfield Square in the south east of Broughton.
Edinburgh's first traffic lights were installed in Broughton Street in 1928.
Broughton is served by Edinburgh Trams at the York Place tram stop.

</doc>
<doc id="5946162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946162" title="Nikola Jurčević">
Nikola Jurčević

Nikola Jurčević (born 14 September 1966) is a retired Croatian football player who is now a coach.
He played for clubs Dinamo Zagreb (before 1988), in Belgium with R. Antwerp F.C. (1988–1989), NK Zagreb (1989–1991), in Austria with SV Austria Salzburg (1991–1995 and 1997–1999), and in German Bundesliga with SC Freiburg (1995–1997). He played for the Croatia national football team (19 matches/2 goals) and was a participant at the UEFA Euro 1996.
Jurčević worked as an assistant coach for the Croatian national team, assisting his former international teammates Slaven Bilić and Aljoša Asanović.

</doc>
<doc id="5946164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946164" title="Rules for Radicals">
Rules for Radicals

Rules for Radicals: A Pragmatic Primer for Realistic Radicals is the late work of community organizer Saul D. Alinsky, and his last book, published in 1971 shortly before his death. His goal for the "Rules for Radicals" was to create a guide for future community organizers to use in uniting low-income communities, or “Have-Nots”, in order to empower them to gain social, political, and economic equality by challenging the current agencies that promoted their inequality. Within it, Alinsky compiled the lessons he had learned throughout his personal experiences of community organizing spanning from 1939-1971 and targeted these lessons at the current, new generation of radicals. 
Divided into ten chapters, each chapter of "Rules for Radicals" provides a lesson on how a community organizer can accomplish the goal of successfully uniting people into an active organization with the power to effect change on a variety of issues. Though targeted at community organization, these chapters also touch on a myriad of other issues that range from ethics, education, communication, and symbol construction to nonviolence and political philosophy. 
Though published for the new generation of counterculture-era organizers in 1971, Alinsky's principles have been successfully applied over the last four decades by numerous government, labor, community, and congregation-based organizations, and the main themes of his organizational methods that were elucidated upon in "Rules for Radicals" have been recurring elements in political campaigns in recent years.
Inspiration for "Rules for Radicals".
The inspiration for "Rules for Radicals" was drawn directly from Alinsky’s personal experiences over the course of his career as a community organizer. It was also taken from the lessons he learned from his University of Chicago professor, Robert Park, who taught him to see communities as “reflections of the larger processes of an urban society”. The methods he developed and practiced across the country were placed directly into the book as a guide on future community organizing for the new generation of radicals emerging from the 1960s. 
Alinsky believed heavily in collective action as a result of the work he did with the C.I.O and the Institute for Juvenile Research in Chicago where he first began to develop his own, distinct method of community organizing. Additionally, his late work with the Citizens Action Program (CAP) provided some of his most whole and conclusive practices in organizing through the empowerment of the poor, though not well-known. Saul Alinsky understood community structure and the impoverished and the importance of their empowerment as a successful element of community activism and used both as tools to create powerful, active organizations. He also used shared social problems as external antagonists to “heighten local awareness of similarities among residents and their shared differences with outsiders”. Ironically, this was one of Alinsky’s most powerful tools in community organizing; to bring a collective together, he would bring to light an issue that would stir up conflict with some agency to unite the group. This provided an organization with a specific “villain” to confront and made direct action easier to implement. These tactics as a result of decades of organizing efforts, along with many other lessons, were poured into Rules for Radicals to create the guidebook for community organization.
Themes.
In "Rules for Radicals", several themes persist throughout Alinsky’s lessons to future community organizers. The most notable is his use of symbol construction to strengthen the unity within an organization. Often, he would draw on loyalty to a particular church or religious affiliation to create a firmly structured organization with which to operate. The reason being that symbols by which communities could identify themselves created strongly structured organizations that were easier to mobilize in implementing direct action.Once the community was united behind a common symbol, Alinsky would find a common enemy for the community to be united against. 
The use of common enemy against a community was done to promote another theme of "Rules for Radicals", nonviolent conflict as a uniting element in communities. Alinsky would find an external antagonist to turn into a common enemy for the community within which he was operating. Often, this enemy would be a local politician or agency that had some involvement with activity that was causing detriment to the community. His goal was to unite a group through conflict with an external antagonist. Once the enemy was established, the community would come together in opposition of it. This management of conflict heightened awareness within the community as to the similarities its members shared as well as what differentiated them from those outside of their organization. The use of conflict also allowed for the goal of the group to be clearly defined. With an established external antagonist, the community’s goal would be to defeat that enemy, whether it be a politician, policy, or opposing agency. 
Symbol construction helped to promote structured organization, this allowed for nonviolent conflict through another strong element in Alinsky’s teaching, direct action. Direct action created conflict situations that further established the unity of the community and promoted the accomplishment of achieving the community’s goal of defeating their common enemy. It also brought issues the community was battling to the public eye. Alinsky encouraged over-the-top public demonstrations throughout "Rules for Radicals" that could not be ignored, and these tactics enabled his organization to progress their goals faster than through normal bureaucratic processes. 
Lastly, the main theme throughout "Rules for Radicals" and Alinsky’s work was empowerment of the poor. Alinsky used symbol construction and nonviolent conflict to create a structured organization with a clearly defined goal that could take direct action against a common enemy. At this point, Alinsky would withdraw from the organization to allow their progress to be powered by the community itself, not by Alinsky. This empowered the organizations he worked with to create change for whatever issue they were battling. Symbol construction, nonviolent conflict, direct action, and empowerment of the poor were the main themes of Alinsky’s work in organizer, and whether reading "Rules for Radicals", or examining his work directly, they can be distinctly observed within every community he organized.
Criticisms.
Despite the effective nature of the lessons passed down in "Rules for Radicals", Saul Alinsky has received some criticism for the methods and ideas he presented within his primer. First, it has been noted that much of his instruction has only been effective in urban, low-income areas. This has led some social scientists, such as Robert Pruger and Harry Specht, to criticize his broad statement that "Rules for Radicals" is a tool for organizing all low-income people. Further, his use of artificially stimulated conflict has been criticized for its ineffectiveness in areas that thrive on unity. In fact, in several Chicago areas in which he worked, his use of conflict backfired, and the community was unable to achieve the policy adjustments they were seeking. 
Much of the philosophy of community organization found in "Rules for Radicals" has also come under question as being overly ideological. Alinsky believed in allowing the community to determine its exact goal. He would produce an enemy for them to conflict with, but the purpose of the conflict was ultimately left up to the community. This idea has been criticized due to the conflicting opinions that can often be present within a group. Alinsky’s belief that an organization can create a goal to accomplish is viewed as highly optimistic and contradictory to his creation of an external antagonist. By producing a common enemy, Alinsky is creating a goal for the community, the defeat of that enemy. To say that the community will create their own goal seems backwards considering Alinsky creates the goal of defeating the enemy. Thus, his belief can be seen as too ideological and contradictory because the organization may turn the goal of defeating the common enemy he produced into their main purpose.
"Rules for Radicals" has received the same criticism often leveled at Communistic and Socialistic theory, that being, that it is a "movement without a moral". In that sense of amorality, his philosophy is pragmatic, akin to Legal realism and Utilitarianism.
Legacy.
The scope of influence for "Rules for Radicals" is a far-reaching one as it is a compilation of the tactics of Saul Alinsky. It has been many direct influences in policymaking and organization for various communities and agency groups, as well as indirect influences found in politicians, activists educated by Alinsky and the IAF, and other grassroots movements.
Direct Impact.
Despite his passing in 1971, Alinsky’s influence has carried through time to help spawn the creation of numerous other organizations and policy changes since his death. "Rules for Radicals" was a direct influence that helped to form the United Neighborhood Organization which came to prominence in the early 1980s. Its founders Greg Galluzzo, Mary Gonzales, and Pater Martinez were all students of Alinsky’s who carried the tactics he left in his primer forward in organizing Chicago neighborhoods. The work of UNO helped to vastly improve the hygiene and sanitation situations for southeastern Chicago as well as to improve education standards there as well. Additionally, the founders of Organization of the North East in Chicago during the 1970s also applied Alinsky’s principles to organize multiethnic neighborhoods in order to give the area greater political representation. 
The teachings found in "Rules for Radicals" have also been dispersed by many of Alinsky’s students who not only undertook their own community organizing endeavors, but also taught numerous other grassroots movements the tactics they had been taught. Direct students of Alinsky’s such as Edward T. Chambers took the lessons of "Rules for Radicals" to help form the Industrial Areas Foundation, the Queens Citizens Organization, and the Communities Organized for Public Service. The most notable of these is the IAF which served as a teaching ground for many community organizers based on Alinsky’s tactics. Another student of Alinsky’s, Ernest Cortez, rose to prominence in the late 1970s in San Antonio while organizing Hispanic neighborhoods. His use of congregation-based organizing received much acclaim as a popular method of Alinsky’s by utilizing “preexisting solidary neighborhood elements, especially church groups, so that the constituent units are organizations, not individuals.” This congregation-based organizing and symbol construction was taught to him by Edward Chambers and the IAF during his time studying under both.
The methods and teachings of "Rules for Radicals" have also been linked to the Mid America Institute, the National People's Action, the National Training and Information Center, the Pacific Institute for Community Organizations, and the Community Service Organization.
Later Influence.
Additionally, the methods taken from "Rules for Radicals" have also been prevalent in modern American politics. Barack Obama’s most recent primary campaign was noted for featuring strong elements of Alinsky’s organizing techniques. The use of congregation-based organizing has been linked to Jesse Jackson when he was organizing his own political campaign. 
The book is the same book our President has and also Hilary Clinton often recommends people to read when they are asked what book influence their lives too

</doc>
<doc id="5946165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946165" title="Gold pentafluoride">
Gold pentafluoride

Gold(V) fluoride is the inorganic compound with the formula Au2F10. This fluoride compound features gold in its highest known oxidation state. This red solid dissolves in hydrogen fluoride but these solutions decompose, liberating fluorine. 
The structure of gold(V) fluoride in the solid state is centrosymmetric with hexacoordinated gold and an octahedral arrangement of the fluoride centers around each gold center. It is the only known dimeric pentafluoride; other pentafluorides are monomeric (P, As, Sb, Cl, Br, I), tetrameric (Nb, Ta, Cr, Mo, W, Tc, Re, Ru, Os, Rh, Ir, Pt), or polymeric (Bi, V, U). In the gas phase, a mixture of dimer and trimer in the ratio 82:18 has been observed.
Gold pentafluoride is the strongest known fluoride ion acceptor, exceeding the acceptor tendency of even antimony pentafluoride.
Synthesis.
Gold(V) fluoride can be synthesized by heating gold metal in an atmosphere of oxygen and fluorine to 370 °C at 8 atmospheres to form dioxygenyl hexafluoroaurate:
This salt decomposes at 180 °C to produce the pentafluoride:
Krypton difluoride is primarily a powerful oxidising and fluorinating agent. It can oxidise gold to its highest-known oxidation state, +5:
KrFAuF decomposes at 60°C into gold(V) fluoride and gaseous krypton and fluorine:

</doc>
<doc id="5946204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946204" title="Lancashire Amateur League">
Lancashire Amateur League

The Lancashire Amateur Football League is an English association football league founded in 1899. Currently the league consists of eight divisions – Premier, One, Two, Three, Four, Five, Six and Seven. The Premier Division is at level 13 in the English football league system. 
The top two teams from each division are promoted to the next division up and the bottom two teams are relegated to the next division down. Two teams from the same club are generally not permitted to compete in the same division.
About the League.
The Lancashire Amateur Football League (more commonly known as the LAL) was founded in 1899 and consists of approx. 40 Clubs who run in the order of 100 teams. These clubs are situated throughout the old boundaries of Lancashire & Cheshire; stretching from Preston in the North, Southport in the West, Rochdale and Oldham in the East and Lymm in the South. 
The League's Premier League has "feeder league status" within the FA Pyramid scheme for Referees. The Executive Committee and League Council are elected by clubs in membership of the League. Although clubs running a minimum of two teams are preferred, the League will consider applications for clubs running one team provided they match the League's standards expected for discipline, ground & facilities, fair play and standards of organisation/administration. The League has a strict policy of monitoring the discipline record of players (using a points system) and players whose conduct has not been considered acceptable are subject to their registration being withdrawn.
Member club Old Boltonians play on what has been recognised as the oldest football ground still in use in the world.
Current member clubs.
The member clubs for the 2013–14 season are as follows

</doc>
<doc id="5946207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946207" title="Otto Perutz">
Otto Perutz

Otto Perutz (27 July 1847, Teplice, Bohemia - 18 January 1922, Munich Germany) was an Austrian-German chemist.
From 1872 to 1876 Perutz was director of "Bayerische Aktiengesellschaft für chemische und landwirtschaftlich-chemische Fabrikate" (Bavarian Corporation for Chemical and Agrochemical Products Inc., later Süd-Chemie AG) in Munich-Heufeld.
In 1880 he founded his own firm "Otto Perutz Trockenplattenfabrik" in Munich. He developed a method for the industrial production of Eosin-Silver-Plates which had been invented by Hermann Wilhelm Vogel and Johann Baptist Obernetter. This was crucial to develop colour photography. In 1896 "Perutz-Plates" were used for radiography for the first time.
Perutz sold his firm in 1897. He was member of the supervisory board of "Bayerische Aktiengesellschaft für chemische und landwirtschaftlich-chemische Fabrikate" from 1902 until his death in 1922. The "Perutz-Photowerke" became part of Agfa in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="5946209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946209" title="Elvis Brajković">
Elvis Brajković

Elvis Brajković (born 12 June 1969) is a retired Croatian football player.
He played for several clubs, including NK Rijeka, 1860 München (Germany), Hellas Verona F.C. (Italian Serie A in 1996–97), Hajduk Split, NK Pomorac and HNK Sibenik. He also played for the Mexican teams Santos Laguna (Torreón, Coahuila) and Atlante (Mexico City) where he figured two matches as captain in the Summer 2000 season. From 2005–06 he played in the Croatian third division for Velebit Benkovac, and is currently playing for Primorac Biograd, also in third division.
He played for the Croatia national football team (eight matches/two goals) and was a participant at the 1996 UEFA European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5946229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946229" title="Seamew">
Seamew

Sea mew, seamew or (obsolete spelling) seamewe may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5946239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946239" title="2006 ICC EAP Cricket Trophy (One day)">
2006 ICC EAP Cricket Trophy (One day)

The 2006 ICC EAP Cricket Trophy was held in Brisbane, Australia from 27 June – 2 July 2006, functioning as the East Asia-Pacific regional final for the 2011 Cricket World Cup and EAP qualification tournament for the inaugural ICC World Cricket League, Division 3. Hosted by Queensland Cricket, the 50-over competition was held at the Peter Burge Oval of the Redlands Cricket Club, located on Wellington Point in southeast Brisbane.
Affiliate nation Cook Islands, plus Associates Japan and Fiji made up the three-team field. Japan and Cook Islands advanced from the six-team 2005 ICC EAP Cricket Cup for fledgling cricketing nations. Fiji were inserted into the latter stage of regional qualifying rather than playing in the EAP Cricket Cup because they were the second-best team (and only other Associate) in the region during 2007 World Cup qualifying. (In fact, fellow EAP region Associate Papua New Guinea defeated Fiji in the WCQS Division 2 repechage competition, earning the final berth into the 2005 ICC Trophy.)
Each team faced the others twice in a double round-robin format, for a total of six matches and four per team. Fiji rolled to easy victories, racking up the maximum of 8 points, while the Japanese and the Cooks split their matches to finish with one win apiece. (Cook Islands finished second based on a higher net run rate.) The closest match was the rain-shortened third match where Japan, chasing 74, rallied from a 5-over total of 14/3 to defeat the Cook Islands on the Duckworth-Lewis method.
Fiji advanced as the East Asia-Pacific region representative in Division 3 of the 2007 World Cricket League.
2011 World Cup implications.
The three-team tournament determined the East Asia-Pacific representative for Division 3 of the 2007 World Cricket League. (One representative from each International Cricket Council Region qualifies for Division 3, the bottom division of the WCL, which will begin play in the early part of the year.)
Qualification for the 2011 Cricket World Cup was and is the ultimate goal of regional and WCL matches, since Division 3 teams can gain promotion up to 2009's World Cup qualifying tournament (or "Division 1") through WCL Division 2. The top teams from Division 2 advance to the 2009 qualifier. Lower teams in Division 2 will return to Division 3 in 2009 without having to advance through the 2008 regional qualifiers to earn a third-division slot.
WCL play is the primary route into the 2011 Cup for non-Test playing nations. (The 2009 WCQ tournament replaces the 2005 ICC Trophy, the qualifying system for the 2007 version, as the pathway to the World Cup.)

</doc>
<doc id="5946241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946241" title="Shirdley Hill railway station">
Shirdley Hill railway station

Shirdley Hill was a railway station in the village of Shirdley Hill, Lancashire, on the Liverpool, Southport and Preston Junction Railway. Situated on Renacres Lane, the station opened on 1 November 1887 and was the only station on the Barton Branch to have a level crossing instead of a road bridge. The "Altcar Bob" service operated through Shirdley Hill from July 1906.
The station closed to passengers on 26 September 1938, though the line remained open for goods traffic until 21 January 1952. Tracks from to Shirdley Hill were left in place until 1964 for the storage of excursion coaches.
Nothing remains of the station, with the site now occupied by a road named Shaws Garth, just off Renacres Lane. The road is named in memory of the last stationmaster, Thomas Shaw, and a plaque marks the location of the station. The plaque reads: ""Site of Shirdley Hill Railway Station on the Southport-Downholland Branch Line. Closed to passengers 1938 and to goods traffic 1952. Stationmaster Thomas Shaw.""

</doc>
<doc id="5946246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946246" title="Kurenai (song)">
Kurenai (song)

History and summary.
"Kurenai" was first released on X's June 1985 live demo tapes, which were titled "Live" and "Endless Dream". The lyrics were entirely in Japanese, while the next version, released on their April 1988 debut album "Vanishing Vision", was entirely in English and began with an intro played by hide on guitar. A flexi disc included within the June 1988 issue of "Rockin' f" magazine, contained "Kurenai (Original Japanese Version)". It begins with an intro played by Yoshiki on piano and contrary to the title, was mostly in English. The version on 1989's "Blue Blood" begins with an orchestrated piece, then the guitar intro, and is mostly in Japanese, with only the opening lyrics in English. Only a few months later, the single version was released, although very similar to the recording on "Blue Blood", it does not have the orchestrated intro.
"Kurenai" is one of X Japan's signature songs, exemplifying the band's trademark mix of speed metal, ballad and symphonic elements, it is played at nearly all of their concerts, often accompanied by the stage being lit in red light and the band pausing during the last third in order to let the audience sing the chorus on their own. The single version features that specific bit of a live performance added after the studio recording, hence the title being written as " Kurenai + Your Voice" on the back of the single's case. The B-side is a live recording of the song "20th Century Boy", originally by British rock band T. Rex. The live material from both songs was recorded on June 10, 1989 at Hibiya Yaon.
Commercial performance.
It reached number 5 on the Oricon chart, and charted for 39 weeks. In 1989, with 133,090 was the 74th best-selling single of the year, and in 1990, with 176,450 was the 67th best-selling single, being certified Gold by RIAJ.
Cover versions.
"Kurenai" was covered by Brazilian power metal band Shaman, on the Japanese edition of their 2010 album "Origins". It was also covered by Matenrou Opera on the compilation "Crush! -90's V-Rock Best Hit Cover Songs-", which was released on January 26, 2011 and features current visual kei bands covering songs from bands that were important to the '90s visual kei movement. It is also a playable song in the music video games ', ', and "Taiko no Tatsujin Plus".

</doc>
<doc id="5946249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946249" title="Merton Beckwith-Smith">
Merton Beckwith-Smith

Major-General Merton Beckwith-Smith DSO MC MA (11 July 1890 – 11 November 1942) was a British Army officer during the First and Second World Wars.
Career.
Early career.
Beckwith-Smith was born on 11 July 1890, and educated at Eton and Oxford. In 1910 he was commissioned into the Coldstream Guards. He served with the Guards throughout the First World War, eventually becoming a staff officer in the Guards Division.
On 14 March 1918 he married Honor Dorothy Leigh. They had two sons and two daughters. His son Major Peter Merton Beckwith-Smith served in France, North-west Europe and Palestine during World War II.
One of his granddaughters, Anne Beckwith-Smith became principal lady in waiting and assistant private secretary to Diana, Princess of Wales.
In 1930 Beckwith-Smith transferred to the Welsh Guards; he commanded the 1st Battalion from 1932 to 1937. After this he held various district commands in India before the outbreak of the Second World War.
Second World War.
In 1940 he was given command of the 1st Guards Brigade, part of the British Expeditionary Force sent to France in 1939/1940. After the retreat from Dunkirk Beckwith-Smith was given command of the territorial 18th (East Anglian) Infantry Division which he trained in preparation for duty overseas.
In a training exercise against the 2nd Infantry Division the 18th Division won, the reward being the first posting overseas for the division.
In early 1942, after many weeks at sea, Beckwith-Smith's division was landed at Singapore. Japanese forces invaded Singapore Island on 8 February. Because of the defensive strategy implemented by the Allied commander, General Arthur Percival, most of the 18th Division saw little or no action. Percival surrendered the 80,000 British Commonwealth troops at Singapore on 15 February, including Beckwith-Smith and his division. In August 1942 he was moved to Formosa (now Taiwan) along with General Perrcival and all the senior officers from Singapore.
On 11 November 1942 Major-General Merton Beckwith-Smith died at Karenko Camp of Diphtheria as a prisoner of war. In the spring of 1946 the Imperial War Graves Commission (now the CWGC) exhumed all the Taiwan POW remains and re-buried them in the Sai Wan Bay War Cemetery in Hong Kong. Many years later his grave was identified by Jack Edwards on the request of Diana, Princess of Wales. He is buried in Sai Wan War Cemetery in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="5946256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946256" title="Igor Cvitanović">
Igor Cvitanović

Igor Cvitanović (born 1 November 1970 in Osijek) is a retired Croatian football striker.
He is currently the 2nd all-time goalscorer of the Croatian First League with a total of 126 goals, and also scored 122 domestic league goals for Croatian club Dinamo Zagreb, 117 of which were in the Croatian First League. He also played for the Croatian national team.
Club career.
Cvitanović started his professional career at Dinamo Zagreb in 1989, appearing in 10 Yugoslav First League matches and scoring five goals for the club in the league during his first professional season. He was subsequently loaned to Varteks Varaždin during the inaugural season of the Croatian First League in the spring of 1992, making 21 appearances and scoring nine goals in the league before returning to Dinamo Zagreb the following summer.
Between 1992 and 1997, Cvitanović spent five and a half seasons playing for Dinamo Zagreb and became the top goalscorer of the Croatian First League in two consecutive seasons, scoring 19 goals in 1995-96 and 20 goals in 1996-97.
In 1995, he had agreed terms with Middlesbrough in the Premier League, but the £1million transfer fell through on 2 December 1995 after the Department of Employment refuse to issue him with a work permit.
He also scored 27 league goals in the 1993-94 season, but was at the time overtaken in the goalscoring charts by his then teammate Goran Vlaović, who scored 29 league goals that season. Cvitanović also scored nine goals in 14 league matches in the autumn of 1997, before moving abroad to Spanish side Real Sociedad at the beginning of the year 1998. He scored a total of 104 goals in domestic league competitions for Dinamo Zagreb before leaving the club, becoming their most successful goalscorer of all time.
He failed to find much success with the Spanish side, scoring only three goals in 29 La Liga appearances before returning to Dinamo Zagreb in 1999. In 2002, he left Dinamo Zagreb to spend a season with Japanese side Shimizu S-Pulse and then returned to Croatia to spend one more season with Osijek in 2003-04, before retiring from playing.
International career.
Cvitanović made his international debut for the Croatian national team on 22 October 1992 in a friendly match against Mexico in Zagreb. On 17 August 1994, he netted a brace for Croatia in a friendly match against Israel in Tel Aviv to score his first international goals. Cvitanović was also part of the Croatian squad at the UEFA Euro 1996 finals in England, where he did not play any matches. In the qualifying stages for the tournament, he only made one appearance as a stoppage-time substitute.
He went on to make six appearances in Croatia's qualifying campaign for the 1998 FIFA World Cup, but was dismissed from the team's training camp a few weeks before the beginning of the finals due to differences of opinion between him and coach Miroslav Blažević. He briefly returned to the team in the spring of 1999, making further six appearances in friendlies, with his last international match being against Korea Republic on 19 June 1999 at the Korea Cup in Seoul. He scored his last international goal in Croatia's first match at the same tournament, against Egypt on 13 June 1999. He finished his international career with 29 caps and four goals.

</doc>
<doc id="5946271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946271" title="Sandringham Hotel">
Sandringham Hotel

Sandringham Hotel may refer to a number of establishments:

</doc>
<doc id="5946286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946286" title="Dubravko Pavličić">
Dubravko Pavličić

Dubravko Pavličić (28 November 1967 – 4 April 2012) was a Croatian footballer who played as a central defender.
Club career.
Born in Zagreb, Socialist Republic of Croatia, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Pavličić started playing professionally for local NK Dinamo, being irregularly used over the course of three seasons. He developed into a top division player with NK Rijeka, helping it to two sixth-place finishes and one fourth in the newly founded Prva HNL; in the 1993–94 Croatian Cup, he scored the game's only goal in the second leg of the final, albeit in an eventual 1–2 aggregate loss.
In the 1994 summer, Pavličić moved to Spain and signed for Hércules CF, in Segunda División, winning promotion to La Liga in his second year, and netting a career-best six goals in 38 games in the following season, which nonetheless ended in relegation, with the player scoring in both games against FC Barcelona (3–2 win at the Camp Nou and 2–1 success at home). He stayed in the top level with UD Salamanca, dropping down a division in 1999.
In the 2000 off-season, 32-year old Pavličić signed for Racing de Ferrol – division two – retiring at the end of the season. He settled in the nation subsequently, also playing amateur football in the Alicante area.
International career.
Pavličić played for Croatia for five years, gaining a total of 22 caps. His debut came on 8 July 1992 in a 1–3 friendly loss with Australia in Adelaide, and he was selected for the squad that appeared at UEFA Euro 1996, playing two group stage games (one minute against Turkey, full match against Portugal) in an eventual quarter final exit.
Previously, Pavličić was a member of the highly-talented Yugoslavia under-20 team that won the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship in Chile, playing all the games in the tournament.
Death.
Pavličić died of pancreatic cancer on 4 April 2012 in Elche, aged 44.

</doc>
<doc id="5946287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946287" title="Palladium(II) nitrate">
Palladium(II) nitrate

Palladium(II) nitrate is a red-brown solid that is strongly oxidizing (both the palladium(II) cation, Pd2+, and the nitrate anion, NO3−, are strongly oxidizing) and may liberate noxious fumes upon reaction with reducing agents. It is a skin and respiratory irritant. It is normally stable at room temperature, but decomposes at higher temperatures.
Preparation.
Palladium nitrate may be prepared by dissolving palladium oxide hydrate in dilute nitric acid followed by crystallization. The nitrate crystallizes as yellow-brown deliquescent prisms. Alternatively, the compound may be obtained by reacting palladium metal with nitric acid.

</doc>
<doc id="5946292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946292" title="Pieter de Coninck">
Pieter de Coninck

Pieter de Coninck (died 1332 or 1333) was a weaver from Bruges well known for his role in the events surrounding the Battle of the Golden Spurs. He was not the head of the weavers' guild as is popularly believed (mostly because he was portrayed as such in the novel "The Lion of Flanders" by Hendrik Conscience). Together with Jan Breydel, a butcher, he was in the forefront of the popular uprising that led to the Battle of the Golden Spurs. Right before that battle he was knighted together with two of his sons. 
Before the Battle of the Golden Spurs began he was seen by the city government of Bruges as a dangerous agitator and was imprisoned in June 1301. He was freed by the people of Bruges. Afterwards, the "Leliaarts", a political faction supporting French rule, took over control of the city. Jacques de Châtillon, the then appointed governor of County of Flanders, entered Bruges with a small force and de Coninck was banished.
Urged on by John I of Namur, de Coninck restored his authority in Bruges in December 1301. He tried to align the people of Ghent on the same side but failed. On 1 May 1302 he was one of the leaders of a gang of rebels who took the castle of Sijsele and Male. At Male, the rebels killed the entire French garrison. De Châtillon responded by again marching on Bruges with a force of 800 men, and again expelling de Coninck from the city. De Châtillon marched into the city with his army fully clad and battle-ready (against established agreements with the city magistrates) The people of Bruges, fearing bloody preprisals, and in order to protect themselves helped de Coninck to enter the city with his followers during the night. On 18 May 1302, during the so-called Bruges Matins or ""Brugse Metten"", nearly all the French present in Bruges and their "Leliaart" supporters were killed. De Châtillon barely managed to escape.
After the Bruges Matins, de Coninck was one of the leaders of the Bruges militia that cleared the coastal area from "Leliaart" insurgents and French stragglers. After they failed to take the besieged castle of Cassel, they marched onto Kortrijk (Courtrai) where a Flemish makeshift army was gathering to stop a French army under the command of Robert II of Artois. This battle, won by a motley alliance of Flemish and Namur petty nobles and many commoners, was later famously called the Battle of the Golden Spurs.
In 1309, together with Jan Breydel and Jan Heem, he led a new uprising in Bruges, this time against the adverse effects (for Flanders) of the peace of Athis-sur-Orge (1305). In 1321 he again took part in an uprising in Bruges. As a punishment all his possessions were confiscated and sold.
Pieter de Coninck was married twice. He died in 1332 or 1333. Together with Jan Breydel he has a statue on the market of Bruges. It was put up in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="5946303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946303" title="Talbot Mercer Papineau">
Talbot Mercer Papineau

Major Talbot Mercer Papineau, MC (25 March 1883 – 30 October 1917) was a lawyer and soldier from Quebec, Canada.
Born in Montebello, Quebec, he was the son of Louis-Joseph Papineau (grandson of the Patriote leader Louis-Joseph Papineau). However, Papineau was brought up a Protestant and had American roots. His mother, Caroline Rogers, was born in an influential family from Philadelphia. His upbringing was mainly in English. He was educated at the High School of Montreal and at McGill University. In 1905, he was one of the first Canadians to receive a Rhodes Scholarship, and subsequently studied law at Brasenose College, Oxford. He also played ice hockey for the Oxford Canadians. Returning to Montreal in 1908, he started practising law. 
In August 1914, he enlisted with Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry and was commissioned a lieutenant. Through an exchange in newspapers in 1916 he argued with his cousin, the anti-imperialist nationalist leader Henri Bourassa, over support for the war and the British Empire. Papineau's letter to Bourassa would eventually be published in "The Times" of London. He was awarded the Military Cross for his actions in Belgium and he eventually rose to the rank of major. He was hit by a shell and killed during the Battle of Passchendaele near Ypres on October 30, 1917. His body was never identified, and he is commemorated at Ypres (Menin Gate) Memorial.
In 1937 his mother presented an award in his honour to be presented annually by the Debating Union of his alma mater, McGill University.
He was one of the four Canadians featured in the book "Tapestry of War: A Private View of Canadians in the Great War" by Sandra Gwyn.
Papineau was portrayed by Justin Trudeau in the CBC movie "The Great War".

</doc>
<doc id="5946304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946304" title="List of Grimsby Town F.C. players">
List of Grimsby Town F.C. players

This is a list of notable footballers who have played for Grimsby Town. Generally, this means players that have played 100 or more league matches for the club. However, some players who have played fewer matches are also included; this includes players that have had considerable success at other clubs.
"Players are listed in alphabetical order. Appearances and goals are for league matches only; wartime matches are excluded. Substitute appearances included."
"As of 1 November 2008."

</doc>
<doc id="5946306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946306" title="Kamaal/The Abstract">
Kamaal/The Abstract

Kamaal/The Abstract is the third studio album by American hip hop artist Q-Tip, released September 15, 2009, on Battery Records. Recorded in 2001, the album is a departure from his solo debut album "Amplified" (1999). "Kamaal/The Abstract" is an eclectic fusion album that features Q-Tip rapping, singing, and exploring his jazz musical influences. The album contains introspective and life-related lyrical themes.
The album was originally planned for release in 2002 as the follow-up to "Amplified". However, it was shelved by Q-Tip's record label at the time, Arista, who doubted its commercial potential. It eventually leaked onto the Internet, while the distribution of promotional copies led several publications to run reviews of the album.
After its official release in 2009, the album debuted at number 77 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 6,000 copies in its first week. Upon its release, "Kamaal/The Abstract" received positive reviews from most music critics.
Music.
An eclectic fusion album, "Kamaal/The Abstract" serves as a departure from Q-Tip's debut album "Amplified" (1999), which is more mainstream-oriented in its style and production approach. The album has Q-Tip rapping, singing, and exploring his jazz influences. While it contains elements of hip hop, pop, and rock music, the album's improvisational sound is generally rooted in jazz and funk. The album's songs mostly feature loose arrangements that provide space for improvisation. Its instrumentation is characterized by electric piano, flute playing, deep organs, guitar-fuelled grooves, and improvised solos. On its musical style, music critic John Bush wrote that "Kamaal/The Abstract" "pays homage to the last gasp of organically produced mainstream pop in the '70s and '80s, paying a large compliment to Prince and Stevie Wonder".
The album has been compared by writers to soul and funk-oriented albums such as D'Angelo's "Voodoo" (2000), André 3000's "The Love Below" (2003), and Prince's "Musicology" (2004), as well as the hip hop/neo soul work of the Soulquarians collective. In his book "To the Break of Dawn: A Freestyle on the Hip Hop Aesthetic" (2007), music writer William Jelani Cobb cited "Kamaal/The Abstract", along with The Roots's "Phrenology" (2002), Mos Def's "Black on Both Sides" (1999), Common's "Electric Circus" (2002), and the work of Jill Scott and Erykah Badu, as a "genre-bending" effort at musical expansion of hip hop.
Lyrics.
"Kamaal/The Abstract" contains introspective lyrical themes. Opening with the album's only rock chord, the opening track "Feelin' It" is one of the album's few tracks with him rapping and it contains one verse about common life experiences and hassles. It introduces Q-Tip on his way to a recording studio, during which he is stopped by a police officer who profiles him: "This profiling cop with his profiling ass / Figured the best thing he could do was find a cat to harass. / The little kitten was me, not that one in the tree / The black one with the promise and the wish to be free". The lyrics are based on an experience that Q-Tip had with a policeman. John Murph of "Jazz Times" interpreted the song's verse as a metaphor for Q-Tip's struggles for absolute creative freedom without resulting in critical backlash. Tiny Mix Tapess Brendan Mahoney interpreted the "profilin' cop" in the song as "another mundane and too-predictable distraction in a world full of them".
Songs such as "Blue Girl" and "Heels" demonstrate Q-Tip's female-identified perspective on "Kamaal/The Abstract". "Do U Dig U?" has philosophically minded lyrics that deal with existential detachment. "Barely in Love" concerns the powerful nature of love with lyrics about two lovers that are together based on physical attraction. The album's closing track, "Even If It Is So", is an ode to single parenting and discusses a hard-working mother.
Release and promotion.
Q-Tip began recording for the album after being signed to Arista Records by record executive Clive Davis. However, he was left to lobby the progressive project to Arista's new administration after Davis left the label. Originally scheduled for an October 23, 2001 release date, and later pushed back to April 23, 2002, the album was shelved by Arista, doubting its commercial potential. It was originally set to be released with the title "Abstractions", which served as the title for the album's promo LP (2001). Q-Tip later said in an interview for "The Village Voice":
Q-Tip was upset over the album's shelving and felt that although Reid did not know how to market it, his label released OutKast's "Speakerboxxx/The Love Below" in 2003: "are the kinds of sounds that are on "Kamaal the Abstract". Maybe even a little more out [than OutKast. "Kamaal" was just me, guerrilla". While it did not receive an official release, advanced promotional copies made their way into the public, leaking to the Internet.
In 2006, Q-Tip announced that he was in negotiations to regain control of the album from Arista/BMG and planned on officially releasing it in 2007. On July 1, 2009, Jive Records announced that it would release the album through its Battery imprint. The U.S. compact disc release was issued with the bonus track "Make It Work", and the double LP release was that song and "Damn You're Cool". "Barely in Love" was released on September 1, 2009, as the album's first single. "Kamaal/The Abstract" subsequently debuted at number 77 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 6,000 copies in its first week. It also peaked at number 32 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, at number 12 on the Independent Albums, and at number 17 on the Top Rap Albums chart.
Critical reception.
"Kamaal/The Abstract" received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 78, based on 13 reviews. Amid "Kamaal/The Abstract"s original planned release, promotional copies had been distributed and several publications ran reviews of the album. Allmusic writer John Bush considered it superior to Q-Tip's debut album "Amplified". Slant Magazine editor Sal Cinquemani called the album "a genre-defying blend of nü-jazz, '70s soul, rock, and funk". Despite writing that it does not reach its potential, Karen R. Good of "Vibe" perceived it as a progression from "Amplified" and described it as "closer to the rooted, love-sexy album we, the people, expect from the musicologist". "Entertainment Weekly"s David Browne called the album "one of the most head-scratching albums ever made by a prominent rapper", commenting that it "feels like a worthy experiment abandoned halfway through; it doesn't end so much as nod off". Nathan Rabin of "The A.V. Club" wrote that the album "sounds like the sort of disc that gets rappers released from their contracts … it's invigorating to listen to a relaxed and playful Q-Tip follow his muse ever further off the beaten path". "Blender" complimented Q-Tip's musicianship and gave the album four out of five stars.
"The New Zealand Herald" gave the album four out of four stars upon the album 2009 release, noting that Q-Tip "came up with something timeless then – and nine years on it sounds fresh, inventive and cosmic", and adding that the album has a "unique coolness to it and it still sounds ahead of its time in 2009". However, Robert Christgau named it "dud of the month" in his consumer guide for MSN Music, in which he wrote that most of the tracks are musically incomplete and, "in the narrow sense of rhythm tracks, the beats have some ass to them, but as music they revert to fusion kitsch whenever the artiste sees an opening". Pitchfork Media's David Drake commented that ""Kamaal the Abstract" is not a great record by any means. But it is an interesting one, a unique effort by an artist struggling to mesh and hip hop", viewing that "each track is a loose framework of unfulfilled promise". William Grant of Drowned in Sound viewed that it "seems a bit aimless at times", but ultimately praised its diverse sound and gave it an eight out of 10 rating. Dave Heaton of PopMatters commented that the album is "mainly about feeling. There’s no storytelling meat to the songs, less wit, not much of Q-Tip’s creative approach to language. It’s mostly about riding the groove, and that Q-Tip does well".
Track listing.
All tracks were produced by Q-Tip.
Personnel.
Credits for "Kamaal/The Abstract" adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="5946308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946308" title="Riseholme, Lincolnshire">
Riseholme, Lincolnshire

Riseholme is a small village in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated approximately north from the city and county town of Lincoln.
Riseholme Park.
Riseholme is the site of the rural science campus of the University of Lincoln (often referred to as Riseholme Park), and the home of Riseholme College, the University of Lincoln's main Further Education department.
Riseholme Park campus covers more than of land, and includes woodland, deer parks,and a lake. At the centre of the campus is Riseholme Hall, former home to multiple Bishops of Lincoln.
The college provides courses in small animals, forestry and abouriculture, equine (horses), horticulture and agriculture. 
In 1994 Princess Anne opened a new residential training college for the Inland Revenue (HM Revenue and Customs), Lawress Hall, at Riseholme Park.
The college has two farms, one on the main site at Riseholme, and one in the nearby village of Nettleham (Lodge Farm, Nettleham). 
Facilities include an AstroTurf pitch, rugby and football pitches, fishing, halls for corporate events and outdoor activities.

</doc>
<doc id="5946312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946312" title="Mitre Sports International">
Mitre Sports International

Mitre is a British sportswear and equipment supplier based in England, owned by Pentland Group. Established in England in 1817, Mitre is the world's oldest manufacturer of footballs. Mitre currently uses the Mitre Delta V12 Football in competitive professional matches. This includes the League Cup, the Football League and the Football League Trophy.
History.
In 1817 Benjamin Crook opened his tannery in Huddersfield, England, giving his own name to the company he founded. By 1949 the name changed to "Mitre", producing footballs and rugby balls for clubs all over the world and in 1959 Mitre expanded into cricket, soft leather and bags. Sports footwear followed a year later.
Manchester United's prominent footballer Denis Law became the first official Mitre spokesman in 1964, and two years later Mitre went on to become the Official ball supplier for the English Football Association, and for the next forty years the FA Cup Final was to be played with a Mitre ball.
Muhammad Ali wore Mitre in his 59th professional fight against Leon Spinks in New Orleans and Stuart Pearce wore Mitre football boots in 1977. Mitre was also the official ball supplier to the 1987 Rugby World Cup, jointly hosted by Australia and New Zealand. In 1992, Mitre became the official ball supplier to the newly formed FA Premier League, introducing its synthetic footballs instead of leather balls which had been used previously. In 2003 the Mitre ball was used in The Netball World Championships held in Jamaica. The England national netball team also appeared at the tournament wearing Mitre apparel.
In 2000 Mitre arrived to Argentina signing deals with several Primera División clubs. Newell's Old Boys, Estudiantes de La Plata, Unión de Santa Fe, Belgrano de Córdoba, Arsenal de Sarandí and Chacarita Juniors were the first teams wearing uniforms by Mitre.
Football star and UNICEF goodwill ambassador George Weah teamed up with Mitre in 2004 to donate 5,000 footballs to underprivileged children in Liberia and 5,000 footballs to Iraqi children. Another endorsee joined Mitre in 2006, when Australian cricketer and record breaking test wicket-taker, Shane Warne, was signed to wear Mitre footwear and protection.
Then, in 2007, Mitre launched its new revolutionary Revolve football to the Football League, where each club played with its own club coloured and badged ball. This was the first time this had happened. Mitre also re-entered the apparel markets with kit deals with Ipswich Town and Huddersfield Town FC. In the year of 2008, Mitre signed All Black player Luke McAlister to be the figurehead of its rugby range. The same year, the company signed an agreement with the El Salvador national football team to be its exclusive uniform provider
In 2009 Mitre expanded its business in South America becoming the official uniform provider of many teams of the Chilean league. In June 2011, Mitre extended its deal with the Scottish Premier League to be the official ball supplier until 2015.
Products.
The following chart contains all the product lines by Mitre.
Sponsorships.
The following is a list with teams, associations and players that wear uniforms and equipment provided by Mitre:
Football.
Associations.
Mitre provides its official balls for the following football associations:
Netball.
Mitre provides its official balls for the following netball association and players:
Rugby.
The company sponsors the following players:

</doc>
<doc id="5946313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946313" title="History of professional wrestling in the United States">
History of professional wrestling in the United States

Professional wrestling in the United States, until the 1920s, was viewed as a legitimate sport. This view did not endure into the 1930s, as wrestling became identified with modern theatrics, or "admitted fakeness" ("kayfabe"), moving away from being a showcase for true competition. The scripted nature of the art has made critics view it as an illegitimate sport, particularly in comparison to boxing, mixed martial arts, amateur wrestling, and the real sport itself, wrestling. No major promoter or wrestler denies that modern professional wrestling has predetermined match outcomes.
Through the advent of television in the 1950s and cable in the 1980s, professional wrestling began appearing in powerful media outlets, reaching never before seen numbers of viewers. It became an international phenomenon with the expansion of the World Wrestling Federation. Throughout the 1990s, professional wrestling achieved highs in both viewers and financial success during a time of fierce competition among competing promotions, such as World Wrestling Federation, World Championship Wrestling, and Extreme Championship Wrestling.
The nature of professional wrestling changed dramatically to better fit television, enhancing character traits and storylines. Television also helped many wrestlers break into mainstream media, becoming influential celebrities and icons of popular culture. In the United States, in the First Golden Age of Professional Wrestling in the 1940s–1950s, Gorgeous George gained mainstream popularity, followed in the Second Golden Age in the 1980s–1990s by Ric Flair, Hulk Hogan, Shawn Michaels, Bret Hart, Sting, The Undertaker, Stone Cold Steve Austin, The Rock, Kurt Angle, and Chris Jericho. 
Beginnings (1860s to 1940s).
Carnival days.
Professional wrestling, in the sense of traveling performers paid for mass entertainment in staged matches, began in the post-Civil War period in the late 1860s and 1870s. During this time, wrestlers were often athletes with amateur wrestling experience who competed at traveling carnivals with carnies working as their promoters and bookers. Grand circuses included wrestling exhibitions, quickly enhancing them through colorful costumes and fictional biographies for entertainment, disregarding their competitive nature. Wrestling exhibits during the late 19th century were also shown across the United States in countless "athletic shows" (or "at shows"), where experienced wrestlers offered open challenges to the audience. It was at these shows, often done for high-stakes gambling purposes, that the nature of the sport changed through the competing interests of three groups of people: the impresarios, the carnies, and the barnstormers.
Impresarios were the managers who chose how a wrestler could gain fame and interest among the fans, creating personas and improvising matches to make them more interesting. Carnies, who traveled and wrestled at these events, used tricks to protect their money and reputations during competitions, devising little-known and often dangerous wrestling moves, called "hooks." Hooks are illegal in conventional amateur wrestling, but have high rates of success against even the most athletic and experienced of competitors, essentially removing rules from professional wrestling. In addition, some spectators capable of beating the carnies roamed the country to compete in open challenges, setting side bets to make money. The barnstormers competed as traveling wrestlers did and often cooperated with the carnies to stage the matches, providing enormous profits for both sides in betting. Through the interest in money-making among the three groups, wrestling became a business-oriented entertainment venue, distinguishing itself further and further from its authentic amateur wrestling background.
Wrestling performers were arranged in a pyramid hierarchy of fame and money, based strictly on athletic talent. The lowest were the journeymen, young performers with promise and some skill, but who relied mainly on showmanship to gain fans. The actual wrestlers, called "shooters" because of their ability to "shoot", or fight real matches competitively, were more successful and less common. At the top were the elites, or the hookers, named for their ability to use arcane wrestling hooks to inflict damage and serious injury on the competition without much effort. Wrestlers considered themselves among a select group, and often kept the fact that their sport was commonly faked—to an extent—in high secrecy. They used a jargon of their own (often shared with carnies) to communicate so the audience would not understand them, including the word "kayfabe."
"Farmer" Burns-Frank Gotch era.
During the late 19th century-early 20th century, wrestling was dominated by Martin "Farmer" Burns and his pupil, Frank Gotch. Burns was renowned as a competitive wrestler, who, despite never weighing more than 160 pounds during his wrestling career, fought over 6,000 wrestlers (at a time when most were competitive contests) and lost fewer than 10 of them. He also gained a reputation for training some of the best wrestlers of the era, including Gotch, known as one of America's first sports superstars.
Gotch, regarded as "peerless" at his peak, was the first to actually claim the world's undisputed heavyweight championship by beating all contenders in North America and Europe. He became the world's champion by beating European wrestling champion Georg Hackenschmidt, both in 1908 and 1911, seen by modern wrestling historians as two of the most significant matches in wrestling history.
The popularity of wrestling during the early 20th century was highest in the Midwest, where ethnic European communities, many of them German, Polish, Czech, Hungarian, Greek, and Scandinavian in ancestry, continued to carry on fighting styles practiced in their home nations. At this time, during the late 19th century, and early 20th century, the majority of wrestling was still competitive, and it was immensely popular. In fact, wrestling's popularity was second only to baseball from 1900 to the early 1920s, launching trading cards and competitive wrestling programs in colleges, high schools, and athletic clubs, legacies that have endured to the present day.
Wrestling's popularity experienced a dramatic tailspin in 1915 to 1920, becoming distanced from the American public because of widespread doubt of its legitimacy and status as a competitive sport. Wrestlers during the time recount it as largely faked by the 1880s. It also waned due to Gotch's retirement in 1913, and no new wrestling superstar emerging to captivate the audience's attention.
Expansion (1920s to 1930s).
Following the retirement of Frank Gotch, professional wrestling - except in the Midwest where legitimate wrestlers such as Michigan's "Poison Ivy" took on all comers at State Fairs - was losing popularity fast < Detroit News Archives, 1925-30>. Media attention focused on the illegitimacy of wrestling instead of its athleticism, and without a superstar like Gotch, no major personality reached a wide fanbase. In response, three professional wrestlers, Ed Lewis, Billy Sandow, and Toots Mondt, joined to form their own promotion in the 1920s, modifying their in-ring product to attract fans. The three were referred to as the "Gold Dust Trio" due to their financial success. Their promotion was the first to use time-limit matches, "flashy" new holds, and signature maneuvers. They also popularized tag team wrestling, introducing new tactics such as distracting the referee, to make the matches more exciting.
The Trio's lasting legacy, and perhaps their greatest innovation within professional wrestling, was the use of a regular group of wrestlers for a packaged show. Rather than paying traveling wrestlers to perform on certain dates and combining wrestlers in match-ups when they were available, they decided to keep wrestlers for months and years at a time, allowing long-term angles and feuds to develop. This was the key to their success; they were able to keep wrestlers from their competition, and were able to have regular wrestling cards. Their business succeeded quickly, gaining popularity for its freshness and unique approach to wrestling; a traveling stable of wrestlers. The Trio gained great popularity nationwide during their best years, roughly 1920 to 1925, when they performed in the Eastern territory, acquiring fans from the highly exposed big cities.
The Trio was dealt a severe blow by Stanislaus Zbyszko, when he beat the rookie Wayne Munn for their world heavyweight championship, against the original booking. Munn, who had been recruited to wrestling and pushed to the level of champion in only a few months, was the Trio's new star and main attraction. Zbyszko was supposed to lose to Munn, but refused to follow along, beating Munn so decisively and thoroughly that the referee awarded him the title to prevent a riot. In addition, Zbyszko quickly dropped the title to Joe Stecher, a rival of Ed Lewis, making the situation worse for the Trio.
Stecher, although an able hooker, was afraid of losing his championship, refusing to wrestle many contenders as a result. This made it impossible for the Trio to retrieve it. They responded by calling the Munn-Zbyszko match illegitimate, and reinstated Munn as champion, but quickly had him drop it to Lewis. This left two champions, Ed Lewis and Joe Stecher, who were regarded as the dominant wrestlers of the period. Stecher and Lewis agreed to a unification match years later, in 1928, when Stecher gave in and lost the title to Lewis. By this time, the Zbyszko double-cross had already caused irreparable damage, detracting from the Trio's dominance over the wrestling industry. In addition, the build-up of Munn followed by such a humiliating loss had devalued his title and credibility as a major wrestling superstar permanently.
Growth of wrestling promotions.
In March 1887, the Evan Lewis defeated Joe Acton for the American Catch-as-Catch-Can championship in Chicago. Soon, every wrestling promotion had created its own championship, which was considered each company's pride and glory. As promotions were attempting to become nationally renowned, acquiring rival championships marked victory.
In the 1930s and 1940s, small wrestling promotions had fierce competition with each other, often stealing talents and "invading" enemy companies to win over fans. With inter-promotional matches occurring nationwide, the promotions were vying for dominance. In 1948, wrestling reached new heights after a loose confederation was formed between independent wrestling companies. This was known as the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA). In the late 1940s to 1950s, the NWA chose Lou Thesz to unify the various world championships into a single "World Heavyweight" title. Thesz's task was not easy, as some promoters, reluctant to lose face, went so far as to shoot title matches to keep their own champions popular with the fans.
Television era (1950s to 1970s).
Following the advent of television, professional wrestling matches began to be aired nationally during the 1950s, reaching a larger fanbase than ever before. This was a time of enormous growth for professional wrestling, as rising demand and national expansion made it a much more popular and lucrative form of entertainment than in decades previous. This was called a "Golden Age" for the wrestling industry. It was also a time of great change in both the character and professionalism of wrestlers as a result of the appeal of television. Wrestling fit naturally with television because it was easy to understand, had drama, comedy and colorful characters, and was inexpensive for production. From 1948 to 1955, each of the three major television networks broadcast wrestling shows; the largest supporter being the DuMont Television Network.
Gimmick characters.
Gorgeous George became one of the biggest stars during this period, gaining media attention for his outrageous character, which was described as flamboyant and charismatic. Already popular among wrestling fans, he became renowned after comedian Bob Hope noticed his performance in the Hollywood Legion Stadium in 1945 and 1946, and began to use him for jokes on his radio station. The publicity brought many people into wrestling events, bringing his stardom to a high point where promoters and television stations alike were paying generously for his performances.
Gorgeous George's impact on wrestling has been interpreted in many ways, demonstrating how fast television changed the product from athletics to performance. His legacy was the enormous change in wrestling personas he inspired. Before him, wrestlers imitated "ethnic terrors" (Nazis, Arabs, etc.), but his success birthed a more individualistic and narcissist form of character. He was also among the first to use entrance music.
Television changed the on-screen product in many other ways as well. Originally, the impact of television was not well planned for during this period. Promotional spots, which are now used as pre-match rants by wrestlers to warm up the crowds, were often used for simple greetings and welcomes to the local crowds, missing in-ring personality boosts and character skits during this period. No one would discuss promos before shooting them, and promoters usually would not spend time helping wrestlers in front of the camera.
Competitiveness compromised.
Professional wrestlers themselves began to change. As popularity grew during the mid-1950s, many more wrestlers joined the ranks of the business, and the number of professional wrestlers over 2,000, far more than ever before. Many new wrestlers began fresh without notions of athletic sportsmanship that was popular in competitive arenas, however; they began with dreams of becoming televised superstars. This proved especially true as the product began to lose athletic talent, relying on blood and acrobatic performance.
Wrestling's competitiveness was degraded by television, a fact regarded by many in the business as a natural effect of television over competition. The New York wrestling office soon became dominant, as it refused to use competitive wrestlers, and instead focused on attracting televised entertainment. Perhaps the first of the more comic book-like characters known to professional wrestling today was Antonino Rocca. Comparatively weak in wrestling ability, his marketable personality and barefoot acrobatics attracted fans and made him a national superstar, especially popular among Italian and Hispanic fans. The New York Wrestling office used him to revive the promotion on television, and found him far easier to exploit than a more athletically skilled wrestler, enabling the office to negotiate wrestler contracts tremendously in its favor.
Moderate slowdown.
By the late 1950s, professional wrestling had lost its high ratings, and producers, realizing that they had overexposed it, soon dropped most wrestling shows from their lineups. The remaining televised wrestling promoters had small, local syndicated shows, which network producers placed as late-night fillers rather than signature programming. Promoters used localized television as a weapon for eliminating the competition by purchasing airtime from rival territories, effectively putting them out of business.
The NWA was the most dominant wrestling body in the 1950s, and a large number of wrestling promotions had been under its leadership. Many promoters, however, viewed it as a crooked tyrant, holding back innovative changes in the sport. It was during this time that several promoters found reason to leave the organization, managing to find niches in the United States. The most prominent of these were the American Wrestling Association (AWA), which became the most popular wrestling promotion during the 1960s, and the New York-based World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF), renamed WWF in 1979.
As a top wrestler in the 1950s, Verne Gagne formed his own promotion in the NWA in 1957, which soon became the lead promotion with Gagne winning the World Heavyweight Championship of Omaha. After unsuccessfully lobbying for a title match with the NWA Champion, however, Gagne broke away from the NWA in 1960, renaming his promotion the American Wrestling Association, and making it the dominant organization of the 1960s. Named the AWA World Heavyweight Champion soon after, Gagne was the top wrestler, and engaged in many feuds with heel wrestlers, most notably Nick Bockwinkel, and was the AWA's top draw until his retirement in 1981.
Bruno Sammartino carried the WWWF during the 1960s and 1970s. His brawling, power moves, and personal charisma helped him become the most popular American wrestler during this time period. During the period when MSG was the WWWF's primary arena, Sammartino headlined more Garden cards than any other wrestler (211), including 187 sellouts.
The AWA was no longer the top promotion after the WWWF rejoined the NWA. The AWA reached new heights, however, after powerhouse wrestler Hulk Hogan gained nationwide attention from starring in "Rocky III", and became a solid fan favorite. Despite Hogan being the AWA's top draw, Gagne would not let him be champion, believing technical wrestlers, like him and Nick Bockwinkel, should be the focus of a wrestling company. Since founding the AWA, Gagne had built the company off of technical wrestling. Hogan left in 1983, irreparably damaging the AWA.
In spite of all this, the NWA as a unit was still on top, and gained huge dominance through Georgia Championship Wrestling (GCW), becoming the first nationally broadcast wrestling program on cable television in 1979. It aired on the TBS network. By 1981, GCW became the most watched show on cable television.
Explosion (1980s – present).
1980s wrestling boom.
The 1980s represented professional wrestling's greatest period of televised entertainment, reaching widespread popularity among American youth, as well as producing some of its most spectacular characters. In comparison to the declining support of media outlets during the 1960s and 1970s, professional wrestling, notably the emerging World Wrestling Federation (WWF; abridged from WWWF in 1979), received great exposure through its reappearance on network television. The WWF expanded nationally through the acquisition of talent from competing promotions and, because it was the only company to air televised wrestling nationally, became synonymous with the industry, monopolizing the industry and the fanbase. The WWF's owner Vince McMahon revolutionized the sport by coining the term "sports entertainment" to describe his on-screen product, admitting to its fakery as well as enhancing its appeal to children.
The WWF became the most colorful and well-known wrestling brand to children because of its child-oriented characters, soap opera dramaticism and cartoon-like personas. Most notable was the muscular Hulk Hogan, who marked the 1980s with his "all-American" persona. His sheer size, colorful attire, charisma and extravagance made his main events into excellent ratings draws. By January 1984, Hogan's legions of fans and his dominant role in the industry was termed "Hulkamania." Hogan sold out arenas all across the United States and earned the WWF millions of dollars, making it the number one entity in all of professional wrestling; moments after Hogan defeated the Iron Sheik for the WWF Title, Gorilla Monsoon famously proclaimed "Hulkamania is here."
Around this time, faces and heels became a generally more obvious and important part of wrestling. 'Gimmicks' were more popular, and it widely became a popular sport again. Wrestling was generally seen more as a form of fun and entertainment, however, than an official sport. It was more about building up face/heel feuds such as Roddy Piper/Hulk Hogan and going into a big blow off match, which people loved. The WWF broke its way into mainstream entertainment and regularly brought in celebrities such as Muhammad Ali.
The "Rock 'n' Wrestling Connection" was a period of cooperation and cross-promotion between the WWF and elements of the music industry. The WWF attracting a degree of mainstream attention with Cyndi Lauper joining in 1984 and WWF personalities appeared in her music videos. Hogan gained mainstream popularity for appearing in the film "Rocky III", reaching to an even greater level of celebrity. In 1985, "Hulk Hogan's Rock 'n' Wrestling", an animated television series starring the character of Hogan, expanded Hogan's young fanbase.
Meanwhile, the NWA's renowned and highly successful territory system was slowly dying, with Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP) becoming the center of the entire NWA. While the WWF had their major stars at almost all of their shows, the NWA could only manage to have a few of its stars at one show at a time, so as to promote the product in every territory. After the WWF gained huge dominance with Wrestlemania, Crockett responded to the success of the WWF and successfully acquired time slots on TBS, and would continue to buy out NWA promotions between 1985 and 1987 as well. The advent of nationwide television also weakened the system. Wrestlers could no longer travel to a new market and establish a new persona, since fans there already knew who they were. Meanwhile, McMahon took advantage of this phenomenon by purchasing promotions all over the continent, in order to produce a widely popular nationwide television program and make the WWF the only viewing choice.
To counter the NWA's primary supercard, Starrcade, the WWF created its flagship show, WrestleMania, available on 135 closed-circuit networks. The show was a huge success with Hogan, who won in the main event, going on to appear on the cover of "Sports Illustrated". After the swimsuit issue, it was the magazine's best seller, and following WrestleMania, four WWF programs were among the ten most watched shows on cable television. Professional wrestling began to become mainstream, thanks, in large part, to the appeal of Hulkamania among children. Large television networks also took wrestling into their weekly programming, including "Saturday Night's Main Event", premiering on NBC in 1985, the first wrestling show to air prime time since 1955. ESPN also began airing professional wrestling for the first time, first airing Pro Wrestling USA shows—which were created as an alliance between the NWA and AWA in 1984, in an effort to counter the national success the WWF was gaining—and later AWA shows, after Pro Wrestling USA fell apart by 1986. The WWF also became an international success too.
WrestleMania III, with a reported record attendance of 93,173 people, is widely considered to be the pinnacle of the period. The first episode of "WWF The Main Event" is the highest rated professional wrestling television show to date, with a 15.2 rating and 33 million viewers. Both had a main event featuring Hulk Hogan battling André the Giant for the WWF Championship. Following WrestleMania III, the WWF added to its franchise and created both the Survivor Series, to counter-programming against Starrcade directly on PPV, and the Royal Rumble, to counter-programming against the Bunkhouse Stampede originally on the USA cable networks before transitioning to pay-per-view in subsequent years. The NWA responded by creating Clash of the Champions on TBS to compete against WrestleMania IV.
Wrestling promotions across the United States feared being forced into bankruptcy by the WWF. They began to unify and conglomerate under more centralized leadership rather than continue independently. Competing promotions aired better talent and attempted to regain their audiences. In late 1987, Continental Wrestling Association wrestler and co-promoter Jerry Lawler had also joined the AWA, and helped establish a relationship between the AWA and CWA, which was formally an NWA territory, that would be somewhat of a revival of Pro Wrestling USA. In 1988, the struggling World Class Wrestling Association (formerly known as World Class Championship Wrestling until it withdrew from the NWA in 1986) and Continental Wrestling Federation (known as Continental Championship Wrestling until it was bought out in 1988) would also take part in this alliance, which agreed to unify the WCWA and AWA Heavyweight Titles at Superclash III. Superclash III was not a success, however, and the second Pro Wrestling USA alliance soon fell apart. CWA co-promoter Jerry Jarrett then bought out the WCWA and renamed the unified company as the United States Wrestling Association (USWA). Jerry Lawler also took his AWA Title to Jarrett's promotion, and the belt was renamed as the USWA Heavyweight Title. The AWA was able to create a new belt, but the end of 1990, company profits had dwindled so badly that the company went out of business. NWA President Bob Geigel also withdrew from the NWA by December 1987, and attempted to revive his Heart of America Sports Attractions as a national promotion known as World Wrestling Alliance, but would go out of business by 1989.
After WrestleMania III, Crockett also acquired the Universal Wrestling Federation—which broke from the NWA in 1986—and would also establish a second office in their old Dallas headquarters. To fight the WWF's control of the industry, JCP took the NWA's pay-per-view names and used its best talent to draw ratings. Crockett was unable to beat McMahon, who took big bites out of Jim Crockett Promotions by successfully airing the 1987 Survivor Series and 1988 Royal Rumble on the same nights as Starrcade 1987 and the 1988 Bunkhouse Stampede PPV cards. This left him with no viable option other than selling out to media mogul Ted Turner, who renamed the promotion World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and continued to challenge McMahon's monopoly of the industry. Turner promised a more athletic approach to the product, making Ric Flair the promotion's marquee wrestler and giving young stars big storylines and championship opportunities.
Monday Night Wars (1990s).
During the early 1990s, the growing WWF was being hindered by competing brands and nagging legal troubles. The largest troubles came from WCW, which competed for fans and dominated the industry during the years of 1997 to 1998. The WWF was forced to change itself to overcome its competition, remodeling itself with added bloodshed, violence, and more profane, sexually lewd characters. This new "Attitude Era" quickly dominated the style and nature of wrestling to become far more teen-oriented than ever before, and made the WWF regain its status as wrestling's top company.
The image of WCW changed when Eric Bischoff was appointed Executive Vice President of WCW in late 1993. He signed former WWF stars and departed from their focus on in-ring action in favor of the WWF's approach. The WWF began to suffer immediately and started building new stars. The Monday Night Wars began in 1995, when WCW started "WCW Monday Nitro", a show that ran directly against "WWF Monday Night Raw". While starting fairly even, the war escalated in 1996 with the formation of the heel stable, the New World Order. They helped WCW gain the upper hand when they became the most powerful group in professional wrestling. WCW also came up with more legitimate, edgy storylines and characters over the WWF's cartoon style.
While the WWF and WCW rivalry was brewing a third promotion was growing in prominence. NWA Eastern Championship Wrestling renamed itself "Extreme Championship Wrestling" (ECW) and left the NWA. ECW adapted a hardcore style of wrestling, and it exposed the audience to levels of violence rarely seen in wrestling. The unorthodox style of moves, controversial storylines, and intense bloodthirst of ECW made it immensely popular among many wrestling fans in the 18- to 25-year-old demographic. Its intense fanbase, albeit a small constituency, reached near-cultism in the late 1990s and inspired the "hardcore style" in other wrestling promotions, namely WWF and WCW.
In 1998, the WWF gained momentum with the start of The Attitude Era. McMahon recast himself as the evil boss, known authoritatively as "Mr. McMahon". While an interesting character, it was McMahon's realistic feud with Stone Cold Steve Austin which made the company finally dominate its competition. This was probably among the best of McMahon's storylines, and it came at a time when Bischoff was losing his vigor in WCW's affairs. The WWF gained infamy for its more sexually explicit, profane, and violent characters. Austin was the top superstar in the company, portraying an anti-hero tough guy who regularly defied his boss; The Rock became a star for his cocky persona, his many catchphrases and attractive charisma; Mankind gained popularity for enduring extreme pain, performing dangerous stunts renowned among the industry today; and the stable D-Generation X was famous for its adult themes. Through the collective success of these characters, the company had finally refocused itself in the 18-25 demographic.
By the start of 1999, both shows were consistently getting ratings of 5.0 or higher, and over ten million people tuned in to "Raw" and "Nitro" every week. Wrestling continued to grow, as wrestlers made the mainstream media. From November 1998, the momentum was in the WWF's favor for the remainder of the Wars, with "Raw" dominating "Nitro" in the ratings. WCW continued its decline as their main eventers were in their 40s or pushing 40 and younger talent were never given the chance to be elevated to main event status. Their attempts at improving failed to turn the ratings tide, with "RAW" getting double the amount by 2000.
WWE's dominance (2000s-present).
In 2001, the WWF (renamed "World Wrestling Entertainment" to avoid a copyright dispute with the World Wildlife Federation in 2002 and simply "WWE" in 2002) became the dominant company in the global professional wrestling industry with the end of its two leading competitors, WCW and ECW. ECW was in dire financial straits earlier that year and Heyman filed for bankruptcy on April 4, 2001. WCW continued to lose more money and finally ended on March 23, 2001 with McMahon buying out, after more than 15 years in business and as the biggest threat to the WWF to date. This left professional wrestling fans with no alternative to WWF programming and led to some leaving the sport.
With a demand remaining for Southern-style, cruiserweight, strong style and hardcore wrestling that WWE was not fulfilling, new promotions attempted to offer an alternative to cater to this niche market. The most successful among these have been Total Nonstop Action Wrestling and Ring of Honor, both starting up in 2002. Other independent promotions like Chikara Pro, Combat Zone Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla also began to gain more exposure. To date, only TNA Wrestling has managed any success, gaining its own show Impact Wrestling on Spike TV and drawing major names like Hulk Hogan, Sting, Kurt Angle, Jeff Hardy, and Team 3D into its roster.
Controversies.
The WWF was investigated by the Federal Government in 1991 for a steroid scandal where, reputedly, steroid use was rampant among wrestlers and in McMahon's World Bodybuilding Federation. Large names, including Hulk Hogan, gained infamy when news of their long-time steroid use was revealed. In addition, a civil lawsuit involving sexual misconduct on the part of Pat Patterson in 1993 further weakened the company. This gained great criticism to the WWF, weakening its once "family-oriented" programming.
WWE gained national media coverage in 2007 for the Chris Benoit murder-suicide, hypothesized to be related to steroids and brain damage resulting from concussions. This incident, along with the death of Eddie Guerrero in 2005, made drug use and young deaths in the business a subject of intense controversy. The wrestling industry and the nature of the business were widely criticized for this and WWE was affected on the business-side, with the company's stock losing approximately $15 million in market value in the first week. Ratings also suffered for a short period, with "Raw" dropping 10% in total viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="5946327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946327" title="Smile (software)">
Smile (software)

Smile is a free Macintosh computer programming and working environment based on AppleScript. It features a number of production technologies and a natural fashion of having them work together. Smile is primarily designed for scientists, engineers, desktop publishers, and web applications developers, to help them produce faster and better work, automate frequent tasks, and control complex operations.
History.
The name of the first version of Smile, released in 1995, was SMILE (upper case), and some users still name it so. The acronym stood for "SMI, Limited Edition", where SMI itself stands for "Scriptable Measurements on Images". SMI is the name of the software that Satimage, a French company engaged in Machine vision technology, develops and uses to power the systems that they supply, automated real-time measurement and inspection systems for industrial plants.
SMI is really a core engine, written in C/C++, which alone does nothing: it requires an interface, and that interface's behavior is programmed in AppleScript, in scripts. SMI's core implements the key features of the software, and publishes them to AppleScript. SMI is designed to make development costs lower while maintaining a wide range of applications. Basically, Smile is just SMI, sans the real-time video processing features.
The need for 2D and 3D real-time visualization (of the measurements) gave rise to SmileLab. More recently, web-based control of facilities becomes a standard, and Smile is now also a web applications server - and a web browser.
Smile.
The technologies included in Smile:
SmileLab.
Smile provides an Aqua interface to make any data graph "manually", and libraries of commands to make graphs and process data by script (SmileLab can display at any moment the script corresponding to the user's action.)
Performances.
The mathematical commands are optimized, and versatile thanks to AppleScript. Graphical documents (PDFs, bitmaps, videos of 1D, 2D, and 3D graphs, and custom graphics) are of professional printable quality.
Computational extensions can be written in C or C++. Smile handles the most usual data file formats, and extensions for other file formats can be plugged-in.
Benefits.
Basically, the Smile system will appeal to those concerned with not doing the same thing twice. For instance, once a plot is finely tuned with custom settings, the user can view and save the (AppleScript) script to get exactly the same settings later. One single language, AppleScript, drives the computations, produces the graphics, schedules the actions, and handles the interfaces. So the script once saved may then be used in a variety of contexts.
Also, the Smile system benefits from a unique feature of AppleScript: live interaction with running codes. AppleScript – and thus, Smile – can interact with a program while it is running. This feature is a concern for scientists or engineers running long computations or computations involving large amounts of data, when stopping, dumping, then relaunching a program implies significant costs.
Smile Server.
Smile Server is a bridge between a CGI program and AppleScript. This works by Smile opening a server port. A specific cgi, included, makes an http request into a p-list (Apple's associative array XML format) and sends it to Smile Server on that port (specified in a configuration file). Asynchronous as well as synchronous behaviors are implemented, allowing Smile Server to be used as an alternate solution to .asp or .php to build dynamic sites, including AJAX-based web sites.
Smile also handles XML-RPC requests.

</doc>
<doc id="5946332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946332" title="Bounty Island">
Bounty Island

Bounty Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946340" title="National Library of China">
National Library of China

The National Library of China () or NLC in Beijing is the national library of the People's Republic of China. With a collection of over 31.1 million items, it is the largest library in Asia and one of the largest in the world. It holds the largest and diverse collections of Chinese literature and historical documents in the world.
The forerunner of the National Library of China, the Metropolitan Library (; "Jīngshī Túshūguǎn"), was founded on September 9, 1909 by the government of the Qing dynasty. It was first formally opened after the Xinhai Revolution, in 1912. In 1916, the library received depository library status. In July 1928, its name was changed to National Peiping Library and was later changed to the National Library.
History.
Background.
Early references to public libraries were by Lin Zexu in the "Sizhou Zhi" (; 1839) and Wei Yuan in the "Illustrated Treatise on the Maritime Kingdoms" (first ed., 1843), both of which were translations from Western books.
In the late nineteenth century, in response to several military defeats against western powers, the government of the Qing dynasty (1644–1912) sent several missions abroad to study western culture and institutions. Several members of the first Chinese diplomatic mission, which traveled to the United States, England, France, and other countries from 1868 to 1870, recorded their views of western libraries, noting that they attracted a large number of readers. Journalist Liang Qichao (1873–1929), who became a prominent exiled intellectual after the failure of the Hundred Days' Reform in 1898, wrote about the Boston Public Library and the University of Chicago Library, praising their openness to the public and the virtue of readers who did not steal the books that had been lent to them. , a member of another Qing mission sent abroad to study modern constitutions, noted the efficacy of book borrowing at the Library of Congress.
Foundation.
In 1906, the governor of Hunan province memorialized to the throne to announce he had completed preparations for the creation of a provincial library in Changsha. In 1908 and 1909, high officials from the provinces of Fengtian, Shandong, Shanxi, Zhejiang and Yunnan petitioned the court asking for permission to establish public libraries in their respective jurisdictions. In response, on 2 May 1909, the Qing Ministry of Education (Xuebu ) announced plans to open libraries in every province of the empire.
On 9September 1909 Zhang Zhidong, a long-time leader of the Self-Strengthening movement who had been viceroy of Huguang and was now serving on the powerful Grand Council, memorialized to request the foundation of a library in China's capital. Foundation of the library was approved by imperial edict that same day. The institution was originally called the Metropolitan Library or Capital Library (; "Jīngshī Túshūguǎn").
Philologist and bibliographer (1844–1919), who had overseen the founding of Jiangnan Library in Nanjing two years earlier, was called in to administer the new establishment. As in Jiangnan, his assistant Chen Qingnian took charge of most of the management.
A private proposal made by Luo Zhenyu in the early 1900s stated that the library should be located in a place protected from both fire and floods, and at some distance from noisy markets. Following these recommendations, the Ministry of Education first chose the Deshengmen neighborhood inside the northern city wall, a quiet area with lakes. But this plan would have required purchasing several buildings. For lack of funds, Guanghua Temple () was chosen as the library's first site. Guanghua Temple was a complex of Buddhist halls and shrines located near the northern bank of the Shichahai, but inconveniently located for readers, and too damp for long-term book storage. The Metropolitan Library would remain there until 1917.
Opening and history to 1949.
The Metropolitan Library opened to the public on August 27, 1912, a few months after the abdication of Puyi (r. 1908–12), the last emperor of the Qing dynasty. From then on, it was managed by the Ministry of Education of the Republic of China (1912–49). The day before the library's opening, its new chief librarian Jiang Han (江瀚: 1853–1935) argued that the Metropolitan Library was a research library and recommended the opening of a new library with magazines and new publications that could attract a more popular readership. In June 1913, such a Branch Library was opened outside Xuanwu Gate, and more than 2,000 books were transferred there from the main library. On October 29, 1913, because Guanghua Temple proved too small and inaccessible, the main library itself was closed, pending the choice of a new site.
The Library charged one copper coin as a reading fee, whereas the Tianjin Library charged twice as much and the Shandong public library charged three coins. At first, readers could not borrow books, but sometime before 1918 borrowing became allowed.
1949–1987.
After the People's Republic of China was officially established in October 1949 and Beijing became its capital, the National Beiping Library was renamed "Beijing Tushuguan" (lit., Beijing Library). In 1951, the Ministry of Culture declared that its official English name would now be National Library of Peking.
1987–present.
In October 1987, the Library moved to a modern building located north of Purple Bamboo Park in Haidian District. In 1999, it was officially renamed the "National Library of China".
Collections.
Overview.
The National Library of China's collection is the largest in Asia. Its holdings of more than 31.1 million items (by 2012) also make it one of the world's largest libraries. It houses official publications of the United Nations and foreign governments and a collection of literature and materials in over 115 languages. The library contains inscribed tortoise shells and bones, ancient manuscripts, and block-printed volumes. Among the most prized collections of the National Library of China are rare and precious documents and records from past dynasties in Chinese history.
The original collection of the Metropolitan Library was assembled from several sources. In 1909 the imperial court gave the library the only surviving complete copy of the "Siku Quanshu" ("Complete Books of the Four Treasuries"), an enormous compilation completed in 1782 that had been made in only four copies. That copy had been held at the Wenjin Pavilion of the Imperial Summer Resort in Chengde. On orders from the Qing Ministry of Education, the ancient books, archives, and documents of the Grand Secretariat were also transferred to the new library. So was the collection of the Guozijian or Imperial University, an institution that had been dismantled in 1905 at the same time as the imperial examination system. These imperial collections included books and manuscripts dating to the Southern Song (1127–1279). The content of three private libraries from the Jiangnan area were donated under the supervision of Duanfang, the viceroy of Liangjiang, and the Ministry arranged for the transfer from Gansu of what remained of the Dunhuang manuscripts. Finally, the court made great efforts to obtain rubbings of rare inscriptions on stone or bronze.
Services and facilities.
The North Area of the main library is open from 9am to 9pm on weekdays, and from 9am to 5pm on week-ends. The South Area has been closed for renovation since May 2011. The Children's Library and the Ancient Books Library are and closed on week-ends, and open from 9am to 5pm on weekdays.
As of 2013, the Library maintains 14 branch offices, the latest of which is at the China Youth University for Political Sciences.
Transportation.
The Main Library, located on Zhongguancun South Road in Beijing's Haidian District, can be accessed by bus or subway.

</doc>
<doc id="5946366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946366" title="Nobuyuki Kojima">
Nobuyuki Kojima

Nobuyuki Kojima (小島 伸幸, born January 17, 1966 in Maebashi, Gunma) is a retired Japanese football goalkeeper. He played for several J-League clubs, including Bellmare Hiratsuka, Avispa Fukuoka and Thespa Kusatsu. He played for the Japan national football team (4 matches) and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Career.
He started playing football when he was in the 5th grade and was converted to a goalkeeper at high school. After graduating from Doshisha University in 1988, Kojima joined Fujita Industries F.C. (current Shonan Bellmare) playing in the Japan Soccer League division 1. He became a regular starting member of the team in 1994. He had been playing for the club as an employee of Fujita Industries but turned professional in January 1995. 
His international debut came on June 6, 1995 against Brazil in the Umbro Cup. He was in the squad for the 1998 FIFA World Cup as the third GK but did not play any game in the tournament. 
At the end of 1998, Bellmare released their main players including Kojima as well as Wagner Lopes, Hong Myung-Bo, Kazuaki Tasaka and Yoshihiro Natsuka due to their financial problems. Kojima moved to Avispa Fukuoka. He further moved to Thespa Kusatsu in 2002 that played in the Gunma Prefectural League division 2. As a player - assistant coach, he was instrumental in the team's promotion to the Japan Football League, then J. League division 2. His last competitive game was against Consadole Sapporo on December 3, 2005 and he announced his retirement from the game in January 2006.
He is currently an advisor for Kusatsu. He also serves as a pundit for NHK. (as of February 2010)

</doc>
<doc id="5946367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946367" title="Francesco Parravicini">
Francesco Parravicini

Francesco Parravicini (born 31 January 1982) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Novara Calcio of Italian Serie B.
Football career.
Pro Sesto.
Parravicini started his career at Pro Sesto. During 2000–01 season Parravicini was signed by Treviso in co-ownership deal. The deal was renewed in June 2001. Parravicini became a member of Treviso first team in 2001.
Treviso.
Parravicini formally joined Treviso on 1 July 2001.
He made his Serie A debut against A.S. Livorno Calcio on 11 September 2005. Treviso was promoted due to Caso Genoa, the bankruptcy of Torino Calcio and AC Perugia.
In January 2006 Parravicini was sold to Fiorentina for €2.7 million, but loaned back to Treviso for the rest of the season. Treviso also signed William Viali outright, Gianni Guigou and Christian Maggio in temporary deals.
Palermo.
In May 2006, Parravicini was sold to Palermo from Fiorentina for €1.5 million as part of the deal of Mario Santana (€6.5 million). Fiorentina also retained half of the player's registration rights. He played 5 games in UEFA Cup, 1 in Coppa Italia and 8 in the Serie A, before move on loan to Parma.
Parma.
On 31 January 2007 he was loaned to Parma, with Maurizio Ciaramitaro returned to Palermo. On 11 February 2007 he played his first Serie A match for Parma against A.S. Roma.
In June 2007, Parma bought Parravicini outright from Palermo and Fiorentina for €1.9 million. Palermo and Fiorentina fifty-fithy the revenue. The deal also made Palermo only paid Parma €4 million cash for the signing of Mark Bresciano (€2.5M) and Fábio Simplício (€4.6M) in 2006, as Parma acquired 50% rights of Parravicini (€0.95M), Igor Budan (€1.25M) and Davide Matteini (€0.9M) from Palermo in 2007. (Before the deal Palermo still had €4,666,000 debt to Parma on 30 June 2007) Parma also signed Reginaldo from Fiorentina in 2007 for €4.5 million, thus along with Parravicini, counter-weight the signing of Sébastien Frey from Parma in 2006 for €5.6 million.
On 2 February 2009 the Parma F.C. player will play on loan for Atalanta until the end of the season; at the same time Parma have obtained from the Lombard club the loan of Antonino D'Agostino and Alessio Manzoni.
Siena.
In June 2009 he was sold to Siena for €2.5 million along with Reginaldo (50% rights for €2.5M), which Manuel Coppola (€3M) and Daniele Galloppa (50% rights for €5M) joined Parma in exchange. Parravicini signed a 4-year contract. On 15 July 2010 he was signed by Livorno.
Novara.
On 31 August 2012, Parravicini joined Novara. Laurent Lanteri also moved to Siena as part of the deal, thus no cash was involved. Both players were "valued" €1 million.

</doc>
<doc id="5946373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946373" title="Takami Itō">
Takami Itō

Biography.
Itō was born in Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. As a middle-school student, he was a classmate of Ken Hirai. He later graduated from Waseda University.

</doc>
<doc id="5946388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946388" title="Johan Pitka">
Johan Pitka

Johan Pitka, VR I/1, KCMG (born 19 February 1872, Jalgsema, Järva County, Estonia - disappeared September 1944, Läänemaa, Estonia) was a famous Estonian military commander from the Estonian War of Independence until World War II.
Early life.
Pitka studied at Käsmu, Kuressaare and Paldiski marine schools and became Captain. From 1889 to 1907 he commanded different ships. From 1904-11, he lived in Great Britain. After the start of the Russian Revolution in 1917, Pitka became active in society and started organizing returning Estonian soldiers who fought in the Russian Army during World War I. He was forced to go underground after communists sentenced him to death. After the start of the German occupation in 1918, Pitka started organizing the Defence League.
Estonian War of Independence.
In the Estonian War of Independence, the Defence League was one of the main forces of the Republic of Estonia, and at that time Pitka started organizing armored trains. The first one was ready 10 days after the start of the war, and the second became ready two weeks later. In total, five armored trains were built during the war, and they played a crucial role in the Estonian victory. Many called Pitka the "father of armored trains" for this.
Pitka also was the main organizer of the Estonian Navy. In December 1919 he became Commander-in-Chief of the navy and led it in all major operations including supporting the 1st Division in the capture of Narva from the Russian SFSR and supporting the 3rd Division by attacking Landeswehr naval fortifications at Riga. In September he achieved the rank of Rear Admiral. Pitka retired in November 1919.
Post-war life.
From Johan Pitka's role as a former merchant mariner and a representative of the Canadian Pacific Railway Co. he had learned about Canada’s attractions. Canada's immigration policies, availability of homesteading land, natural beauty, and the promise of new roads and a railway caused Pitka to establish a settlement in the Sowchea area of Fort St. James British Columbia. The Sowchea area is located across Stuart Lake from the Hudson Bay Co. fur trading post.
On April 3, 1924, the Estonian settlers arrived in Fort St. James whose population was about 50 caucasian inhabitants and 500 indigenous ones.The initial settlers were Pitka's family consisting of: Lady Mari-Helene Pitka, sons Edward and Stanley, daughters Saima and Linda and son-in law Lt. Aleksander Päären; families Andrekson, Rosin and Saar; Col. Steinman, Mr. Nilk and Mr. Pärtelson with wives; and Messrs. Kuusk, Olem, Puhm, Sulakatk, Vaimel, Unger and Wilmanson. They began homesteading on more than 300 hectares of land. The Estonian settlers were happy living with the Hudson’s Bay officials, the local Dakelh people and other residents. Though they tried growing crops, sheep farming, dairy farming and sawmilling, a sustainable existence proved elusive, largely because it was extremely difficult to get their goods to market given a change in the Provincial Government and a devaluation of the Canadian dollar during the depression. The delayed local development and frustrating access to markets caused all members of the group to move elsewhere or return to Estonia by 1932. Landmarks around Fort St. James still bear their name (e.g. Pitka Mountain, Pitka Bay, Pitka Bay Resort, Lind(a) Lake, Colony Point and Paaren’s Beach Provincial Park) In 2009 a monument honouring Pitka was unveiled in Fort St. James.
Upon return to Estonia some prosperous years followed for the Pitkas. Johan Pitka was one of the leaders of the League of Liberators for a short time but left the organization in 1932. In 1937 he was also a member of the National Constituent Assembly. After the Soviet occupation in June 1940, Pitka escaped from Estonia to Finland. In 1941 tragedy struck the Pitka family, their three sons were arrested by the Soviet occupiers and perished. In 1944 Pitka returned to Estonia to organize military resistance to fight for Estonia's independence. Pitka is thought to have died in a 1944 battle. Lady Pitka and her daughters with their husbands fled to Sweden in 1944, re-immigrated to Canada in 1948, settled in Vancouver, B.C. and are buried there.
Awards.
In January 1920 to give recognition to his activities during the Great War, the KCMG Knight Commander of St. Michael and St. George was awarded to him by England's King George V. The Estonian government valued his contribution by awarding him the Cross of Liberty I/1. Pitka is also recipient of the Latvian military Order of Lāčplēsis, 2nd class.
Writings.
Pitka was also a prolific author. He translated a book by Irving Cooper about fitness and health from English to Estonian in 1935 after he had returned from Canada. He also translated a spiritual work with a foreword by H.P. Blavatsky. Pitka wrote about his years commanding the barque "Lilly" and also wrote his other memoirs in four volumes that were edited by Evald Past.
Pitka, J., Minu Mälestused suure ilmasõja algusest Eesti vabadussõja lõpuni, Tallinna Eesti Kirjastus-Ühisus, 1921
Pitka, J. Teed töelisele tervisele, tõlgitud inglise keelest, autor Irving S. Cooper, koostõlkija Saima Smith, Eesti Ühistrükikoda, Tallinn, 1935
Pitka, J., Minu Mälestused I, Laevandus, Kiirtrükk, Tallinn, 1937
Pitka, J., Minu Mälestused II, Laevandus, Tallinn, Ilutrükk, Tartu, 1938.
Pitka, J., Minu Mälestused III, Laevandus, Tallinn, Ilutrükk, Tartu, 1939.
Pitka, J., Minu Mälestused IV, Orkaanis ja dûnglis, Vikerlane, Tallinn, Ilutrükk, Tartu, 1939.
Pitka, J., Väljavõtteid “Kuldsete õpetuste raamatust”, avaldanud H.P. Blavatsky, eestitatud J. Pitka, Eesti Ühistrükikoda, Tallinn, 1939.
Pitka, J., Minu Mälestused 1914-1920: Suure Ilmasõja algusest Eesti Vabadussõja lõpuni, Olion, Tallinna Raamatutrükikoda, 1993, ISBN 5450013221
Pitka, J. Teed töelisele tervisele, tõlgitud inglise keelest, autor Irving S. Cooper, koostõlkija Saima Smith, Nebadon, Ühiselu, Tallinn, 1994
Pitka, J., Kuldsed aasta “Lillyga”, Mats, Tallinna Raamatutrükikoda, 1998, ISBN 9985510399
Death.
Pitka returned from Finland to Estonia in spring 1944. In September 1944 the Germans were retreating, and Jüri Uluots organized a new Estonian government headed by Otto Tief. Pitka organized the last defence of Tallinn against the advancing Red Army. The circumstances of his death remain unknown. Several stories relate his death either to a battle against a Soviet tank group or perishing on the stormy Baltic Sea when trying to make his way to Sweden aboard one of the last small boats fleeing the country.
References.
2.Admiral Johan Pitka
3.Exhibition 2007: Admiral Pitka - 135
4.Pinn, Voldemar. "Admiral Pitka elu ja surm: raamat mehest, kel Eestimaal kaheksa hauda". Tartu: 1993.
5.Kaevats, Ülo, et al. 2000. "Eesti Entsüklopeedia 14". Tallinn: Eesti Entsüklopeediakirjastus, ISBN 9985-70-064-3

</doc>
<doc id="5946390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946390" title="Riseholme College">
Riseholme College

Riseholme College is a rural science college of Further and Higher Education in Lincolnshire. 
It is a part of Bishop Burton College and is based at Riseholme near Lincoln, with a smaller campus at Holbeach in southern Lincolnshire. Its third campus at Caythorpe Court near Grantham closed in September 2002.
It was known as the Lincolnshire School of Agriculture before being renamed in 2007.
History.
The school began life as "Riseholme Farm Institute" in 1949, becoming, in 1966, the Lindsey College of Agriculture. In 1980, the Lindsey college merged with its counterparts in the parts of Holland and Kesteven, and the combined county-wide college of agriculture was taken over by De Montfort University in 1994, before transferring to the University of Lincoln in 2001.
About.
The college is a Centre of Vocational Excellence for land-based business and environmental management. Courses include animal management, equine science, forestry and arboriculture, and horticultural studies. The Holbeach campus is itself a CoVE, in food manufacturing technology.
Riseholme Park College.
Riseholme Park is the "university of Lincoln's" agricultural campus housing live stock along with regular household pets, exotics and equines. The campus is situated in the surrounding rural country side just a few miles off Lincoln city centre and boasts three separate halls of residence, a student bar and extensive equine, agricultural, horticultural and animal learning facilities.
The picturesque Old Hall, positioned in front of the lake and completed in 1744 could be described as the landmark of the 200 hectare grounds of both broadleaf woodland and agricultural land.
The Equine Unit.
The Equine unit was opened in 2002 and its facilities include two indoor American barns housing up to 30 horses, two outdoor arenas, an indoor arena, horse walker, AI facilities, Tread Mill and a DIY yard for students. The campus also has a successful Cleveland Bay breeding programme their main stallion being their own home bred Lindon Principle whom two of the Queens mares have been put in foal to.

</doc>
<doc id="5946402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946402" title="Dynasty Wars">
Dynasty Wars

Dynasty Wars, released in Japan as , is a side-scrolling beat-'em-up arcade game released in 1989 by Capcom, based on a Japanese manga "Tenchi wo Kurau" and a reenactment of the battle between the Kingdom of Shu and the Yellow Turban rebels. Each of the two players can assume the roles of one of the four Chinese generals riding on horseback from the Three Kingdoms period in an attempt to smash the rebellion.
Gameplay.
The players' goal is to wipe out the Huang Ching, the organization responsible for the unrest of the Han Dynasty and later defeat the tyrant Dong Zhuo, and up to two players can fight side by side to accomplish this goal. This game always scrolls to the right. Players must be able to survive the rebel hordes to reach and kill the rebel general in each stage to free the province.
Players can use three buttons: to attack left, attack right, or use special tactics. In the arcade version, inserting more coins increases the maximum life of the player. In an RPG style, completing stages and collecting yellow orbs increase the experience points of the player in order to level-up, where he gains more vitality and use stronger weapons. These weapons are upgraded for every 3rd blue orb collected. In-game treasure increases player score, and food packs replenish vitality.
There are 4 selectable characters, each with their own varying amounts of attack power and initial vitality. Aside from unique weaponry, each character also has a unique partner character during a certain special attack. For every 3 blue orbs collected, the player's weapon improves, depending on his current level range.
There are a total of eight stages (called rounds), corresponding a province in reference to the historic battles in the novel.
Conversions.
Home computer versions for the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC and Commodore 64 were developed by Tiertex and published by U.S. Gold in 1990. The ZX Spectrum version was received with mixed reviews; "Your Sinclair" awarded 80%, highlighting the detailed graphics and horse-mounted theme of combat, but "CRASH" rated it only 44%, criticizing the monochrome graphics, juddering scrolling and dull gameplay.
NEC Avenue produced a PC Engine version of Tenchi o Kurau, which was released exclusively in Japan in 1994. The PC Engine version was released as a CD-ROM² title, and is a faithful conversion, although suffers from smaller sprites and pauses during gameplay. As it is CD based, it benefits from an extensive intro and in-game cut scenes.
Trivia.
Pony Canyon / Scitron released a limited-edition soundtrack album for this game (Strider Hiryu : G.S.M. Capcom 2 - D25B1001) on 21/05/1989.
The man at the game's epilogue is Cao Cao (Akkhila-Orkhan). The Dynasty Wars 2 mentioned at the end of the game is actually the 3-player beat-'em-up Warriors of Fate. Though supposedly killed, Li Pu (Lu Bu aka Temujin-Khan) is Cao Cao's righthand and you have to kill him before the final battle with the evil warlord Cao Cao.

</doc>
<doc id="5946410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946410" title="USS Warbler">
USS Warbler

USS Warbler is a name the U.S. Navy has used more than once in naming its ships:

</doc>
<doc id="5946421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946421" title="Nordbygda">
Nordbygda

Nordbygda may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5946427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946427" title="Takeshi Okada">
Takeshi Okada

International career.
Okada played 24 games and scored one goal for the Japan national football team between 1980 and 1985.
Coaching career.
He coached Japan at the 1998 FIFA World Cup, later Consadole Sapporo (1999–2001) and Yokohama F Marinos (2003–2006).
Okada was named Japan's head coach in December 2007 to replace Ivica Osim, who suffered a stroke. He was succeeded in 2010 by Alberto Zaccheroni.
Okada gained worldwide attention for leading Japan to ninth place finish in the FIFA World Cup 2010. He was commended for turning his Japanese team of young, inexperienced unknowns into a slick passing, talented squad of youngsters.
He signed a contract with Chinese Super League side Hangzhou Greentown on 14 December 2011. He extended his contract for two years in the end of 2012 season. However, he resigned from Hangzhou on 5 November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5946428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946428" title="Holy Corner (Ghent Béguinage)">
Holy Corner (Ghent Béguinage)

The Belgian city of Ghent has three béguinages: the "Old Saint Elisabeth", known in English as the Holy Corner, the new Saint Elisabeth béguinage in the Ghent suburb of Sint-Amandsberg and Our Lady Ter Hoyen in the Lange Violettenstraat. The Saint Elisabeth béguinage was named after Elisabeth of Hungary also known as Saint Elisabeth of Thuringia.
Location.
Holy Corner is a protected urban heritage site. It is now a largely urban neighbourhood in the northeast of Ghent, close to the Rabot (originally a Spanish fortification, now a Ghent neighbourhood as well), between the Burgstraat and the Begijnhoflaan.
Holy Corner can easily be reached by general transport. Since its newest addition is the Russian Orthodox church, it is notable that tram 4, the quickest connection from Ghent railway station, has as its final destination the Ghent neighbourhood of Moscou.
History.
In the 13th century, a number of devout, unmarried and lay women, who had been helping the Cistercian sisters with their medical work, were given their own premises by Countess Joanna of Constantinople, daughter to Baldwin IX of Flanders, who also helped with the construction of the Hospital in Lille named after her (L'hospice de la Comtesse Jeanne, built in 1236).
The béguinage constructed in 1234, and soon named after Saint-Elisabeth who was canonized in 1236, grew into a little town of its own, with a church, a "Grootjuffer" house, an infirmery (with its own chapel), 18 convents, a big laundry meadow (used by the beguines who took in laundry of rich Ghent inhabitants) and a large orchard.
During the French Revolution, the city of Ghent acquired the property rights to the béguinage (on the legal provision of having to subsidize and maintain it). This actually happened to all church property in Belgium, but as the béguinage was not solely an area used for religious activities, the city of Ghent repeatedly tried to incorporate it in new development, as Ghent was experiencing the effects of the Industrial revolution and needed cheap housing for its increasing working force.
After a number of beguines voluntarily settled in a new béguinage at Our Lady Ter Hoyen, the conflict between the Saint Elisabeth béguinage and the town administration dominated by the liberal party became intense. Thanks to financial sponsoring by the Duke of Arenberg (also known as the Prinz von Recklinghausen) in two years' time (1872–1874) a new béguinage was built at the then still independent village of Sint-Amandsberg. On September 29, 1874, more than 600 beguines left Ghent for Sint-Amandsberg, in carriages provided by the Ghent Roman Catholic aristocracy.
After 1874.
After the departure of the beguines, the béguinage became a social housing area. There was less investment in infrastructure and accommodation and the area became a prime example of urban decay.
However, in the 20th century, some voices started to be heard that clamoured for the preservation of this unique urban site. Thanks to this, both private enterprise and the town of Ghent started to invest more into local housing, and from 1984 on the neighbourhood even began to feel the effects of gentrification. As often, artists were the first to come here: Constant Permeke, Albert Servaes and Frits Van den Berghe all once lived at Van Akenstraat, 7 (but not simultaneously).
In English, the neighbourhood is widely known as "Holy Corner". The name was originally coined by the former local Church of England vicar, Cameron Walker, who was of Scottish descent, and who with this name may have hinted at Holy Corner in Edinburgh. At the time, the neighbourhood was the location of four churches of four different nominations: the Roman Catholic Saint Elisabeth Church, which was originally the béguinage church, the Orthodox Church of Saint Andrew, the Protestant Rabot Church and the Saint John's Anglican Church. The four churches share an Ecumenical Whitsun walk. Though the area has been largely gentrified, on Sunday mornings practically every European and African language can be heard in its streets, since many Russians, Greeks, Ukrainians, Romanians, Serbs, Ethiopians, ... come to worship at the Orthodox Church, the Anglican church attracted lots of Africans (and some other Christian foreigners who do not understand Dutch, the vernacular of the other three churches in the neighbourhood) and the Protestant church has Dutch, Africans and some East Europeans among its worshippers. However, in the summer of 2008, the Anglican church moved to the neighbouring Theresianenstraat, just outside Holy Corner.

</doc>
<doc id="5946436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946436" title="Nordbygdi">
Nordbygdi

Nordbygdi may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5946450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946450" title="Ulmus pseudopropinqua">
Ulmus pseudopropinqua

Ulmus pseudopropinqua Wang & Li, occasionally known in the USA as the Harbin Spring Elm, is a small deciduous tree found only in Heilongjiang, the northeasternmost province in China. The tree has not been studied comprehensively, and it has been speculated it may be a natural hybrid of "Ulmus davidiana" var. "japonica" and "Ulmus macrocarpa". 
Description.
Regarded as a handsome tree, "U. pseudopropinqua" grows to a height of 10 m. The wing-less twigs bear small ovate to subovate dark-green leaves, < 5.5 cm long by 2.5 cm broad considered similar to those "U. davidiana" var. "japonica". The wind-pollinated apetalous flowers are produced on second-year shoots in April; the variably-shaped samarae < 25 mm long by 20 mm wide ripen in June. 
Pests and diseases.
Resistant to Dutch elm disease, and feeding by the Japanese Beetle "Popillia japonica" [http://www.bioone.org/doi/full/10.1603/0022-0493%282001%29094%5B0445%3APOTCEU%5D2.0.CO%3B2 in the USA.
Cultivation.
The species is one of a range of rare Chinese elms currently under evaluation as landscape plants at the Morton Arboretum, Illinois. One example is known to grow in the UK, but is not known to have been introduced to continental Europe or Australasia. There are no known cultivars of this taxon, nor is it known to be in commerce beyond the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="5946460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946460" title="John Rudling">
John Rudling

John Rudling (1907–1983) was an English actor active on both stage and screen who was perhaps best known for playing the butler Brabinger in the popular BBC sitcom "To the Manor Born".
Biography and Television roles.
Rudling was a member of the company at York Theatre Royal for many years who also appeared in a number of TV programmes such as "The Invisible Man" in 1959, "Porridge" in 1975, "Wodehouse Playhouse", "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin", "The Liver Birds" and "The Two Ronnies". His final TV appearance was in 1982 in Ronnie Corbett's sitcom "Sorry!".

</doc>
<doc id="5946462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946462" title="Holbeach Technology Park">
Holbeach Technology Park

Holbeach Technology Park is the food science campus of the University of Lincoln, situated on "Park Road" at Holbeach in the south of the county of Lincolnshire. It is a part of the University's Riseholme College.
History.
During the 1990s, it was owned by De Montfort University, known as the Holbeach Campus and part of the Lincolnshire School of Agriculture. A Centre of Vocational Excellence in food manufacturing technology, the campus was re-opened on November 2 2004 by John Henry Hayes, the MP for South Holland and the Deepings. It is situated close to Spalding, which is the site of many food processing companies that make ready meals, such as Premier Foods.
Facilities.
The single building on the small campus, named Minerva House after the University's emblem [http://www.lincoln.ac.uk/home/identity/why.htm], contains teaching rooms, a Learning Resource Centre, food testing labs and 'business incubation' units occupied by local technology companies.
A second building dedicated to food manufacturing technology is planned for 2008. It hosts local business training events.
Curriculum.
Its curriculum includes short food safety courses for industry, ESOL for the area's large migrant worker population, and GCSE food science courses for local schools – as well as degree courses up to PhD level. Some students are based in local food companies on Knowledge Transfer Partnership schemes In 2008, it [http://www.spaldingtoday.co.uk/communitynews/Taste-of-success-for-Holbeach.4097988.jp introduced a new Sensory Evaluation course for food tasters.

</doc>
<doc id="5946464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946464" title="The Fire and the Wind">
The Fire and the Wind

The Fire And The Wind is the final album of the New Zealand Heavy metal band Demoniac, the only one to be recorded following their relocation to London. The black metal sound of the previous two albums was almost completely eschewed on this recording, with only vocalist Behemoth's shrieking vocals alluding to the genre. The music is otherwise very similar to Dragonforce, the band Heimdall and Shred would go on to form after Demoniac's split.
The note progression in the DragonForce song "Soldiers of the Wasteland"'s first sung portion is very similar to the note progression from 2:26 to 2:45 in the song "The Eagle Spreads Its Wings".(1)

</doc>
<doc id="5946473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946473" title="Müllrose">
Müllrose

Müllrose "(Lower Sorbian: Miłoraz, historical Polish: Miłoradz)" is a town in the Oder-Spree district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the Oder-Spree Canal, 15 km southwest of Frankfurt (Oder). A part of the city is located in the Schlaube Valley Nature Park, named after the Schlaube, a 20 kilometres long river.
Overview.
Müllrose is also situated at the northern bank of the Großer Müllroser See, a lake between Müllrose in the north and the municipality Mixdorf in the south. The lake covers an area of 1,32 km². The watermill Müllrose was first mentioned in a document in 1275 and is still in use today.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5946475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946475" title="Skare">
Skare

Skare or Skarde is a village in Odda municipality in Hordaland county, Norway. The village is located about straight south of the town of Odda and about northwest of the village of Seljestad. The village sits at the junction of Norwegian National Road 13 and European route E134. Skare Church is located in the village. The village has a population (2013) of 320, giving the village a population density of . The Espelandsfossen waterfall lies about north of the village, just off the side of the National Road 13.

</doc>
<doc id="5946476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946476" title="Bare-knuckle">
Bare-knuckle

Bare-knuckle means without gloves, bandages or any other protection for and/or dangerous 'arming' (such as a knuckle-duster) of the knuckles, a larger part or even the whole hand. It refers specifically to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946485" title="Ølensvåg">
Ølensvåg

Ølensvåg (or Ølsvågen) is a village in Vindafjord municipality, Norway. It previously belonged to Ølen municipality. Its population is 380.

</doc>
<doc id="5946489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946489" title="Münchenbernsdorf">
Münchenbernsdorf

Münchenbernsdorf is a town in the district of Greiz, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated approximately 16 km southwest of Gera.
Geography.
Münchenbernsdorf is located southwest of Gera, the second largest city in Thuringia. The town is nestled on the gentle slopes of a hilly basin from where the creek named Görlitzbach originates. This stream flows northeastwards past Münchenbernsdorf's municipal neighborhoods, or villages, of Kleinbernsdorf, Kananda, and Schöna on its way to its mouth that opens into the Weisse Elster river, just north of Gera. The basin represents the more western part of the Weisse Elster watershed in this area. Within 2 kilometers west of Münchenbernsdorf, one finds the eastern watershed for the Saale river near the village of Tautendorf. A small branch of the Görlitzbach starts north of the town but is dammed to form several ponds. The larger pond (in German: "Mahlteich") is used as an outdoor natural swimming pond in the summer. The run off from these ponds eventually flows into the Görlitzbach at Kleinbernsdorf.
Neighboring Municipalities.
Surrounding Münchenbernsdorf are the following towns (clockwise from the north): Lindenkreuz, Saara, Hundhaupten, Bocka, Harth-Pöllnitz and Lederhose, all located in the administrative district of Greiz, as well as Renthendorf and Tautendorf in the Saale-Holzland district.
Municipal Subdivisions.
Other than Münchenbernsdorf proper, there are the following municipal subdivisions, in order of their location downstream from Münchenbernsdorf along the Görlitzbach:
History.
The community was likely founded in the second half of the 12th century. A document dated August 17, 1251 from the lord protector (Vogt) of Weida (Weida, Thuringia) first mentions Münchenbernsdorf as a locality. The Partition of Leipzig of 1485 ceded the settlement to the Ernestiner nobility line. Then in 1571, it became part of Saxony. To punish the Kingdom of Saxony for its allegiance to Napoleon and France, the Vienna Congress of 1815 granted certain tracts that included Münchenberndorf to the Grand Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, then ruled by Grand Duke Charles Augustus (in German: "Carl August"). In the late 1800s and early 1900s, the community prospered economically through the introduction and growth of carpet factories, permitting the acquisition of town privileges (in German: "Stadtrecht") in 1904. The town of Münchenbernsdorf itself is a member and seat of the Münchenbernsdorf (Verwaltungsgemeinschaft) (administrative municipality community) since March 9, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="5946496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946496" title="Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti">
Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti

Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti (BET) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946500" title="Arenys de Mar">
Arenys de Mar

Arenys de Mar (, "arenys" being Catalan for "sands (of a seasonal creek)", and "de mar" for "by the sea" as opposed to Arenys de Munt, "sands up hill") is one of the main municipalities of the comarca of Maresme, Barcelona Province, Catalonia, Spain. It is situated on the coast between Caldes d'Estrac and Canet de Mar, about 40 kilometres (25 miles) northeast of Barcelona. , it had a population of 14,688.
Arenys' harbour was for many years the only existing port on the north coast of Barcelona. The beaches, framed by hills which run right down to the sea, give a preview of the neighbouring Costa Brava.
Main sights.
The beaches at Arenys are large, and are formed by the coarse grained sand (Platja del Cabaió). 
Sights include the parish church of Santa Maria, with a Baroque reredo, built in 1704 by the sculptor Pau Costa. Along Church Street are the Marés Museum of Lace-making and the Mollfulleda Museum of Mineralogy, forming the Arenys de Mar Museum. Some of the defense towers built to protect against pirates, are still conserved.
Arenys cemetery is an example of Mediterranean marine cemetery. It is oriented westward, on top of the Turó de la Pietat.
Economy and culture.
Arenys is the capital of the county district. Fishing and related industries are the principal economic activity of the town. Two industrial zones are being developed under public and private promotion. Agriculture has gone down in the last years, but the cultivation of fruits and vegetables is still thriving.
The fishing and the various related industries which have grown around the harbour move a considerable part of the economic activity of the town. The harbour is the most important one in the Maresme and has practically the whole fishing fleet of the region. A fish auction takes place every afternoon when the boats return. There is ample space in the port reserved for yachts. During the summer, many sailing boats anchor here on their Mediterranean journey. The shipyard is still an important local industry.
The Riera (the dry uncovered river bed) is the commercial centre and the hub of all local activities. The market, an Art Nouveau building, remains open every morning as well as Friday afternoons. Inside, it is bustling with people and constant activity. On Saturday mornings, the commercial hustle takes itself to the Riera in the form of a weekly street market. Two village festivals are held in honour of Saint Zeno (9 July) and Saint Roch (16 August), and a big fair is celebrated on Saint John's Day (24 June).
Arenys de Mar possesses a grammar school, an agricultural school for chicken farming, a school of music and various schools where the old craft of lace-making is taught.
Transportation.
Arenys is to Barcelona by the N-II road or the A-19 highway. The district train (C-1 line) covers the distance to Plaça de Catalunya, in the centre of Barcelona, in 50 minutes. The road B-511 communicates with the highway A-7 (exit Sant Celoni) through Collsacreu. The Montseny massif is quite close, while the Natural Parks of Montnegre and the Corredor are just round the corner. Girona is away, and for a trip to Montserrat you need little more than an hour. Barcelona International Airport is away, that of Girona-Costa Brava, .
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5946506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946506" title="Munderkingen">
Munderkingen

Munderkingen is a town in the district of Alb-Donau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is situated on the Danube, 9 km southwest of Ehingen, and 31 km southwest of Ulm.

</doc>
<doc id="5946511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946511" title="Pelican Lake">
Pelican Lake


</doc>
<doc id="5946514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946514" title="Pietro Accardi">
Pietro Accardi

Pietro Accardi (born 12 September 1982) is an Italian footballer who plays for Empoli. His usual position is at left back but he also plays at centre back.
Biography.
Palermo.
Born in Palermo, Sicily, Accardi started his senior career with Serie C1 side Marsala. In 2000, he left for Franco Sensi's Palermo and played 2 seasons in its youth teams. In although Maurizio Zamparini took over the club in 2002 and bought several players from Venezia his previously own, Accardi secured a place in starting line-up at the start of 2002–03 Serie B season and won promotion to Serie A in 2004.
He also received several call-up from Italy U21 Serie B team for training sessions from 2002 to 2004. He was pulled out from squad by injury before the match against Belgium U21. 
But in 2004–05 Serie A season, the club signed Fabio Grosso and Accardi worked as the understudy of Grosso.
Sampdoria.
In 2006–07 Serie A season, Palermo sold both Grosso and Accardi. Accardi (€2M), along with midfielder Massimo Bonanni (50% for €2M) and central back Christian Terlizzi (50% for €1.5M) moved to Sampdoria, which as the piece-weight to sign midfielder Aimo Diana (€5M) and left-back Marco Pisano (€4M).
Accardi immediately became one of the starting XI for the Genoa based club. He was injured in the 2007–08 UEFA Cup 2nd qualifying round. whin ruled him out until November.
Sine 2009–10 Serie A season he lost his place in starting line-up to Reto Ziegler.
After the Doria relegated to Serie B and the departure of Ziegler, he re-took the starting place.
Empoli.
On 22 September 2012, he joined Empoli until summer 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5946515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946515" title="Lindow Woman">
Lindow Woman

Lindow Woman, also known as Lindow I, is the name given to the partial remains of a female bog body, discovered in a peat bog at Lindow Moss, near Wilmslow, northwest England, on 13 May 1983 by commercial peat-cutters. The remains were a skull fragment, with soft tissue and hair attached.
Police were called to investigate. For some years, a local man, Peter Reyn-Bardt, had been under suspicion of murdering his wife in the 1950s, and of disposing of her body. Thinking that the skull fragment came from his wife's body, Reyn-Bardt confessed to her murder, and was sent for trial at Chester Crown Court in December 1983. Carbon-14 dating of the skull fragment returned a date of 1740 ± 80BP (c.AD250). Reyn-Bardt was convicted of his wife's murder, even though no trace of her body was found.
In 1984 the same bog yielded Lindow Man, the most extensive bog body yet found in England.

</doc>
<doc id="5946525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946525" title="Pattie Coldwell">
Pattie Coldwell

Pattie Coldwell (14 May 1952 – 17 October 2002) was a British TV presenter and journalist.
Born in Clitheroe, Lancashire, she attended Clitheroe Royal Grammar School for Girls before working as a secretary and starting in local television (Granada TV) as a reporter and presenter. She progressed to nationally networked programmes, such as "Nationwide", "Open Air", "Loose Women" and, on BBC Radio 4, "You and Yours". Her premature death resulted from brain cancer at the age of 50; she had had breast cancer previously. After her first divorce, her partner for several years was the historian and broadcaster Michael Wood. She later remarried in 1998, and is survived by him, as well as her daughter Dannie (b. 1992), from her first marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="5946535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946535" title="Tina Davidson">
Tina Davidson

Tina Davidson (born 30 December 1952) is an American composer.
Background.
Davidson was born in Stockholm, Sweden in 1952, and was raised in Oneonta, New York and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She received her BA in piano and composition from Bennington College in 1976 where she studied with Henry Brant, Louis Calabro, Vivian Fine and Lionel Nowak. 
She founded the Philadelphia Chapter of the American Composers Forum and served as its director from 1999-2001. She was president of the New Music Alliance, a national organization, which has been responsible for the New Music America Festivals. She organized a nation-wide festival entitled "New Music Across America," which ran in 18 cities in the U.S., Canada, and Europe. In 1992 she wrote a widely circulated article on women in music for Ms Magazine. She was a South Central PaARTners' Arts in Education Fellow.
She lives in central Pennsylvania in the historic town of Marietta with her husband and family.
Career.
Over her twenty-five-year career, Davidson has been commissioned by well known ensembles such as National Symphony Orchestra, OperaDelaware, Roanoke Symphony, Women's Philharmonic, Orchestra Society of Philadelphia, VocalEssence, Concertante, Kronos Quartet, Mendelssohn String Quartet, Cassatt Quartet, and public television (WHYY-TV). Her music has been widely performed by many orchestras and ensembles, including The Philadelphia Orchestra, American Composers Orchestra, Florida Symphony, St. Paul Chamber Orchestra, Harrisburg Symphony, Relâche, and Orchestra 2001.
She has been acclaimed for her authentic voice, her “vivid ear for harmony and colors” (New York Times) and her works of “transfigured beauty” (OperaNews). She writes “real music, with structure, mood, novelty and harmonic sophistication – with haunting melodies that grow out of complex, repetitive rhythms” (Philadelphia Inquirer) that is both “intellectually rigorous and deeply moving” (Star-Tribune).
Long-term residencies play a major role in Davidson’s career. As composer-in-residence with the Fleisher Art Memorial (1998–2001), she was commissioned to write for the Cassatt Quartet, Voces Novae et Antiquae, and members of the Philadelphia Orchestra. She also created the city-wide "Young Composers" program to teach inner city children how to write music through instrument building, improvisation, and graphic notation. She was composer-in-residence as part of the innovative Meet the Composer "New Residencies" with OperaDelaware, the Newark Symphony and the YWCA in Delaware (1994–97). During this residency, she wrote the critically acclaimed full-length opera, "Billy and Zelda", as well as created community partner programs for homeless women, and with students at a local elementary school.
The recipient of numerous prestigious grants and fellowships, Davidson was the first classical composer to receive a $50,000 Pew Fellowship, the largest such grant in the country for which an artist can apply. She has been awarded four Artist's Fellowships from the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts, CAP grants from the American Music Center and numerous Meet the Composer grants. Her work, "Transparent Victims" was selected by the American Public Radio as part of the International Rostrum of Composers, held at the UNESCO headquarters in Paris.
Ms Davidson’s music can be heard on Albany Records, CRI, Mikrokosmik, Callisto, Innova and Opus One recording labels. Her first solo compact disc, "I Hear the Mermaids Singing," was released on CRI's Emergency Music label. Her second solo disc "It is My Heart Singing," was released on Albany Records (2006) and includes three works for string quartet performed by the Cassatt Quartet. The Cassatt Quartet also recorded her string quartet, "Cassandra Sings" for CRI. In June 2002, WHYY-TV released her piano trio, "Bodies in Motion" on CD and DVD formats as a part of their documentary, “Thomas Eakins: Scenes from Modern Life.” Her work, "Antiphon for the Virgin", performed by VocalEssence Ensemble Singers, was released by St. Patrick Guild on compact disc in October 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5946540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946540" title="Lyrita">
Lyrita

Lyrita is a classical music record label, specializing in the works of British composers.
Lyrita began releasing LPs in October 1959 as Lyrita Recorded Edition for sale by mail order subscription. The founder of the company, Richard Itter (5 April 1928 - 1 March 2014) of Burnham, Buckinghamshire, was a businessman and record collector. Having heard many poor records, he determined to make only good ones.
Lyrita concentrated on the work of United Kingdom composers. At first this consisted of the piano music of Arnold Bax, Gordon Jacob, E.J. Moeran and Michael Tippett amongst others. The earliest recordings were made in the music room of Itter’s home. Itter was responsible for the engineering, production, and editing of the recordings. If he managed to sell 100 copies Itter was able to break even. RCS.2 was the first catalog number, and Gordon Jacob wrote a composition specifically for this album, "Elegy for Piano and Cello", to fill out the programme on the disc.
In time, the bulk of Lyrita's catalogue became orchestral and symphonic works, including otherwise-neglected composers at that time, including William Alwyn, Malcolm Arnold, Arnold Bax, Havergal Brian, Frank Bridge, Arnold Cooke, Gerald Finzi, John Foulds, George Lloyd, Edmund Rubbra, Humphrey Searle and Cyril Rootham. Many Lyrita LPs became regarded as demonstration discs, suitable for showcasing the sonic qualities of high-end hi-fi equipment. Nearly all of Lyrita's recordings were produced by Decca Records and pressed by either Decca or Nimbus Records. When Decca joined PolyGram in 1980, the relationship with Lyrita ended.
The only non-British music to be recorded and issued on Lyrita was Brazilian piano music performed by Elizabeth Powell on RCS.22. Works by Paul Hindemith, Edward MacDowell and Francis Poulenc were also recorded but not issued.
Lyrita issued monaural records in the RCS series, and stereophonic records in the SRCS series beginning at SRCS.31 (which corresponded with monaural RCS.31). The stereo series ran to SRCS.131. Lyrita issues compact discs (CDs) in the SRCD series beginning with SRCD.200 and running through SRCD.332.
Lyrita's stereophonic LPs from the SRCS series were also issued in the U.S. by the Musical Heritage Society (1972–1977) and HNH (1978–1979). Lyrita began exporting their records to the U.S. in 1980. The first digital productions were made in June 1982, and LP production was discontinued in 1988.
In 1990 Lyrita began issuing CDs featuring a small selection of their back catalogue, a few newly recorded items, and recordings licensed from other sources. There was a 15-year hiatus during which attempts were made to persuade Itter to release the rest of the catalogue on CD.
In summer 2006 Wyastone Estate Ltd (proprietors of Nimbus Records) reached an agreement with Richard Itter to distribute the company's entire catalogue over an 18-month period. The first discs to appear would be those CD transfers which appeared in the 1990s; the remaining original analogue masters would subsequently be digitized and transferred to CD, making all of Lyrita's recordings available on CD for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="5946543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946543" title="The Icebound Land">
The Icebound Land

The Icebound Land is the third book in the "Ranger's Apprentice" book series written by Australian author John Flanagan. The book was released on 30 November 2005 in Australia.
Synopsis.
Will, the main character, is captured by the Skandians along with his friend, Evanlyn, in a big war in the previous book. The capturer, the Jarl Erak, takes them in as slaves. 
Meanwhile, Will's mentor, Halt, has sworn to save him from the Skandians, but the Ranger Corps forces him to stay back. Halt, however, is so desperate, he insults the King of his country, Araluen. The King and Halt are good friends, so in Halt's trial, the King takes pity on Halt. Instead of the normal punishment, which is to ban the defendant from the Araluen borders forever, he banishes Halt from the borders only for one year. Halt is banished from the Ranger Corps until the punishment is lifted, but that is just a minor problem for Halt. He then sets out to find his apprentice once more. Halt is determined to get to Skandia quickly, so he takes the quickest route: Gallica. There he meets Will's old friend, Horace. Horace is Will's childhood friend, and just like Will, Horace is an orphan. In Gallica, Horace and Halt tried to go as fast as they could, but they were stopped by a lot of inexperienced knights. Horace, being a warrior apprentice, takes on the fake name "The Oakleaf Knight". Horace beats all of them with ease without his grizzled companion, Halt, to step in. Horace's reputation grows until he is noticed throughout Gallica, which attracts the horrible knight, Deparnieux of Castle Montsombre. Deparnieux soon captures Horace and Halt. 
Meanwhile, when Jarl Erak, Will, and Evanlyn soon arrive in Skandia, Will and Evanlyn become slaves. Over the journey the Jarl had become quite attached to the two slaves and thinks they should be treated more respectfully than the normal slave should be treated. This goes for Evanlyn, which gets to work in the kitchen, but Will unfortunately gets the job of working the yard, the deadliest place for slaves to work. Will soon gets the attention from the older crowds, and one of them tricks him to get addicted to a deadly drug, warmweed.
Erak soon sees this and can't stand it. Will has been put into a daze, and doesn't remember anyone, including himself. He only responds to orders, which he does in an obedient manner. Erak and Evanlyn soon devise a plan to escape. Throughout Evanlyn and Will's journey to freedom, Evanlyn weans Will off the drug, and Will quickly regains his old self. The story ends as Evanlyn is hunting and sees a rider in furs astride a horse.
Characters.
Will Treaty – the protagonist of the series. He is a young apprentice ranger who is under Halt's guidance. He has learned much over the years and is very accomplished in all facets of the ranger skills. He has been part of numerous wars and conflicts. He recently escaped from Skandia and managed to successfully overcome a warmweed addiction. He was originally conscious of his small height and thin, wiry frame (because he wanted to be a knight before becoming Halt's apprentice) but has come to be proud of them as they suit his Ranger profession.
Halt – Will's teacher and mentor. He has done many things for the Kingdom over his years of service and is regarded as one of the best Rangers of the time. He appears grim and silent, embodying the Ranger stereotype that appears throughout the book, but he does have a caring side.
Horace – Horace was once Will's arch enemy; he always picked on Will because he wanted to be a Knight. Since he went to battle school he has learned many things and has become a close friend of Will's, accompanying him on some missions and attempting to save him when he and the King's Daughter, Cassandra (Evanlyn), were taken captive by the Skandians. Horace also gains the honor and valor of a knight, and is appalled to see anyone's disrespect or lack of chivalry.
Evanlyn – Evanlyn meets Will in "The Burning Bridge". Her real name is Cassandra and is the crown princess of the Kingdom of Araluen but keeps her identity a secret.
Erak – Jarl Erak is the captain of a Skandian raiding ship that captures Will and Evanlyn in the previous book. Erak takes Will and Evanlyn to a slave camp in Skandia and sells them. He does feel respect for the two young people and insists them being kept together and safe, but Evanlyn is sent to the kitchen and Will is put in the most dangerous job, the yard. To stay alive, Will takes warmweed and gets a dangerous addiction. Erak feels sympathy for him and help Will and Evanlyn escape to the mountains.
Deparnieux - Deparnieux is a Gallican warlord who plunders and pillages villages in Gallica. He serves as the real main antagonist of the book. He is able to torture people all he likes due to the fact that the Gallican king is too weak to do anything. Deparnieux is like the unofficial ruler of Gallica in a way. He owns a huge castle in the Gallican country side and he hangs cages up on it with people in them who have displeased him. When they die he doesn't bother to take them down. He uses it as a sign to put people and other warlords off. He also favours the colour black as a sign of his evil. When he hears that Halt and Horace are travelling through Gallica he challenges Horace to a duel but Halt stops it before anything happens. Later on he takes them hostage and he shows them how he punishes his people. Halt however is able to defeat and kill Deparnieux in a duel. Halt then burns the castle down.
Critical reception.
"The Icebound Land" was well received by reviewers. One review praised the fact that although Will is talented, he is not afraid to ask others for help when needed. The same reviewer also praised how, "the action is well paced and the writing style is engaging." On another review for the audiobook version, the vivid imagery was noted on how it provides great detail for the battle scenes. The review also praised the speaker John Keating, makes the production entertaining, and the cliffhanging conclusion is sure to have fantasy fans hoping for another installment.

</doc>
<doc id="5946551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946551" title="George Sylvain">
George Sylvain

George Sylvain (August 28, 1819 – February 25, 1891) was a Quebec businessman and political figure. He represented Rimouski in the 1st Canadian Parliament as a Conservative member.
He was born Michel-George Sylvain in Saint-Vallier, Lower Canada in 1819. He entered the forestry business working for the William Price Company at Montmagny and was later put in charge of a new operation at Bic. He also managed sawmills for the company along the lower Saint Lawrence. Sylvain served as lieutenant in the local militia and postmaster. He was mayor of Bic from 1855 to 1874 and from 1875 to 1876. He also served as Vice-Consul in the region for Norway and Sweden. In 1861, Sylvain was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Rimouski; he was reelected in 1863 and again after Confederation. In 1887, he was named Crown Lands agent and served in that post until his death at Rimouski in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="5946556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946556" title="John Watling">
John Watling

John, or George, Watling (died 1681) was a 17th-century English buccaneer. It was said that he would never plunder on the Sabbath and refused to allow his crew to play cards on this holy day.
John Watling is best known for making his headquarters on the island currently dubbed San Salvador and naming it Watling Island. It is believed to be the island "Guanahani," as named by the indigenous Lucayan people, which Christopher Columbus first saw in 1492 and renamed San Salvador. This is disputed by some. In 1925, the Bahamas officially named the island San Salvador after several scholars had argued that its features best matched Columbus' description of the island he visited.
Mutiny and taking charge.
In 1680–1681 John Watling sailed under Captain Bartholomew Sharp aboard the "Most Holy Trinity." Certain members of the crew were unhappy with Sharp. Each buccaneer had amassed a fortune under Sharp's leadership, but many had gambled all of their money away. Sharp had not gambled and wanted to retire with his fortune. On 6 January 1681 at Juan Fernandez, the crew mutinied and deposed Sharp, electing Watling as his successor. On the 12 January, three armed Spanish vessels approached Juan Fernandez, and Watling and his crew fled the port. They left behind a Mosquito Indian named Will (see for this castaway-story Will (Indian)) whom they were unable to find before departure. The buccaneers waited just out to sea, but the Spanish did not leave and so Watling slipped away on the night of 13 January.
Arica.
Several days later, the buccaneers decided to attack the rich Spanish settlement of Arica, Viceroyalty of Peru. They had attacked Arica previously but had not found any of the rumoured riches. A captured Indian warned Watling that Arica was heavily fortified, but Watling thought he was trying to trick them and shot him.
As it was four or five days' walk from the coast to Arica, and the 92 buccaneers had to carry their own water, they were exhausted when reaching the town. They tried to approach the settlement secretly, but were seen by the Spanish, who prepared their defense. On January 30 Watling split his men into two groups, one to attack the fort with hand grenades and the rest to attack the town. Upon seeing how heavily outnumbered the men were in the town, Watling soon sent all his forces there. The buccaneers repeatedly forced the Spanish to retreat, but, as they were outnumbered, the Spanish quickly retook territory they left. Finally the buccaneers conquered the town, and Watling turned back to the fort. The Spanish regained the settlement and surrounded Watling's men. Completely overwhelmed, the buccaneers fled, losing several men, including Captain Watling, shot during the retreat.

</doc>
<doc id="5946562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946562" title="Bo Giertz">
Bo Giertz

Bo Giertz (, b. 31 August 1905 on Öland, d. 12 July 1998 in Djursholm) was a thrice-widowed Lutheran theologian, novelist and bishop of the Gothenburg Lutheran Diocese from 1949 to 1970. By the time he became bishop, he was already quite well known in Sweden and elsewhere both as an author and as a pastor. He worked hard to promote western Swedish Pietism, an outlook that strongly resembled Neo-Lutheranism. Mostly it was a piety that took Scripture seriously, though not in a fundamentalist, literalist sense, and that centered Christian life on sacraments and prayer. Giertz's combination of pietist pastoral care with High Church Lutheran theology, which can also be noticed in his novels, gained for him a wide readership and made his novels as well as non-fiction books about Christian faith popular in Scandinavia. Giertz wrote more than 600 works but is known in the English-speaking world mostly for his book "The Hammer of God".
Biography.
Childhood.
Giertz was born in Räpplinge on Öland, an island off the east coast of Sweden. His father, Knut Harald Giertz, was a well-known doctor, the son of John Bernard and Augusta Giertz; for two years he taught surgery at Uppsala University. His mother, Anna Ericsson, was a daughter of Lars Magnus Ericsson, the founder of the Ericsson telephone company.
During his childhood his mother was agnostic and his father an atheist. Nevertheless, for the sake of tradition and custom, Giertz was baptized at 2 months of age shortly after his family moved to Uppsala. Giertz stated that his father eventually became Christian after attending the Sunday services that were obligatory in order for the teen-aged Bo and his siblings to be eligible for confirmation; although Giertz was now formally enrolled in the church, he remained an atheist, read widely from his father's library of atheist literature and argued with the pastor in favour of evolutionary biology.
His parents took his early education seriously. Every summer his father would hire a governess from Germany or England, and they were to speak to the children only in German or English, respectively. In 1917, despite the fact that World War I was still continuing, the 12-year-old Giertz was sent to a language camp in Germany. For several years after his return he did summer work for his father, assisting at Knut Giertz's surgical clinic and documenting the proceedings in Latin for the clinic's logbook.
Higher Education.
In 1924 Giertz graduated from the Norra Latin senior secondary school for boys in the Norrmalm district of Stockholm. In the hope that Giertz would follow his father as a surgeon, Knut Giertz encouraged him to enrol in medicine at Uppsala University. Perceiving a conflict between his atheism and his latent moral sense, and concerned at the immoral behavior he had observed among some of his atheist peers, he became involved with a Christian student association. After attending some lectures by Natanael Beskow, a non-ordained pacifist preacher who led "Förbundet för kristet samhällsliv" ("the Swedish association for Christian social life"), Giertz became convinced of the existence of God and the historicity of Jesus. Changing his plans and course of study at Uppsala, Giertz quit studying medicine and took up theology instead. Though very unhappy about this, his father accepted Giertz's choice but declared that if he were to switch majors again he was not to expect further financial help.
Meeting the Queen Consort.
During a semester abroad to study Etruscan archaeology in Italy with Axel Boëthius, an audience with Swedish Queen Consort Victoria left a deep impression upon him.
Born in Germany, the queen had moved to southern Italy, establishing a residence on the resort island of Capri, from where she would visit Sweden in the summers. The queen had met Knut Giertz when she had taken ill during a royal tour in Umeå; on that occasion the elder Giertz had accompanied the queen on the train back to Stockholm. They met again in 1927 as convalescents in Rome some time after Knut Giertz had himself developed a heart defect through having been infected by a patient he had been treating for streptococcus.
Having previously known of Bo Giertz through her connection with his father, the queen asked him during his audience if he desired to become a theology professor. According to Giertz, when he told her he only really wanted to be a pastor, she made him promise to be a "true pastor."
Theological study.
Returning to his studies in Uppsala, Bo Giertz was mentored by New Testament exegetics professor Anton Fridrichsen; he later declared that all his books had been written in an endeavour to disseminate what Fridrichsen had taught him, ideas which he believed to be in marked contrast, for instance, to the efforts of German theologian Rudolf Bultmann to demythologize Christianity of accreted concepts of angels, demons, miracles, heaven and hell — all of which Bultmann considered as significant barriers to people's understanding and accepting the inner message of Jesus. Bultmann had visited Uppsala shortly after Fridrichsen and Giertz had returned from Palestine, a trip Bo’s father had paid for, and which Giertz later described as part of the setting for his 1948 book "Med egna ögon" ("With My Own Eyes"). According to Giertz, Rudolf Bultmann treated Christianity as a philosophical system rather than a lived experience, and could not, therefore, appreciate Fridrichsen's explanation of how visiting Palestine and seeing people living and working much as they had during the earthly ministry of Jesus had deepened his understanding of scriptures and Christianity. 
Career.
Churchman and pastor.
After completing seminary training, Giertz spent three years as a travelling consultant for the Lutheran church’s high school student association. In those years from 1932 to 1935, during a time when Sweden was rapidly becoming more secular, he tried to visit every Swedish school to present Christian faith through lectures and debates. He spent considerable time away from home and wrote numerous articles, becoming embroiled in church politics.
Ordained in 1934, he served for a year as a vacancy pastor for two congregations. As pastor in Östra Husby parish, he was further influenced by the Pietism that had swept through that congregation 70 years earlier through the influence of revivalist author and preacher Carl Olof Rosenius. It is not as surprising as it might seem that Rosenius's influence was still felt; he had been a looming presence, for instance, in the household of artist David Wallin as he grew up in the same parish a generation earlier. Giertz, too, fell under his posthumous sway, to the extent that the Latin phrase "Verbum crucis Dei virtus" ("The message of the cross is the power of God", 1 Cor. 18) came to embody his work; it was later to be the motto he adopted as bishop.
During this time Giertz began to take seriously Schartauanism, a form of Pietism that had developed in western Sweden — teachings which had been greatly influenced by the works of Henric Schartau — and became inspired by Bokenäs vicar Gösta Nelson. By now he had come to feel that he was falling short of God's moral dictates; whereas he had previously thought forgiveness of sins grounded in faith alone to have been a "hopelessly naïve" position, he now came to embrace this doctrine of the western Pietists and to take solace in it.
Giertz was a pioneer on advocating regular celebration of Sunday Mass, something that was not usual in the Church of Sweden. He also exhorted ministers to follow his own practice of regular prayer according to the Divine office.
Author.
Giertz’s second vacancy pastorate was in Ekeby (Diocese of Linköping) in 1937. It was here that he wrote his first book "Kristi kyrka" (translated by Hans O. Andrae as "Christ’s Church").
Giertz’s first regularly assigned parish was in Torpa, where he served as assistant pastor from 1938 until his election as bishop in 1949. Here he authored many theological works including "Kyrkofromhet" ("Ecclesiastical piety", which was published with "Kristi kyrka" in 1939); "Den stora lögnen och den stora sanningen" ("The great lie and the great truth", 1945); "Kampen om människan" ("The Battle For Man", 1947); "Stengrunden" (“The Hammer of God”, 1941); and "Tron allena" (“Faith Alone”, 1943).
During much of his time in Torpa, the rest of Europe was enveloped in war. Though Sweden tried to maintain a neutral stance nationally, many men from his parish went, both during the 1939–40 Winter War and later in formal alliance with Germany during the so-called Continuation War to fight the Soviets in Finland. Prior to 1809 that country had belonged to Sweden, and it had then for 108 years been a vassal state of the Russian Empire as the Grand Duchy of Finland. Giertz supported the military campaign, sending money and materials and, after the Moscow Peace Treaty had ceded one-eleventh of Finland's territory to the Soviet Union, receiving Finnish refugees. During the latter part of Nazi Germany's occupation of Denmark his own home also became a safe house for members of the Danish resistance movement who were being hunted by the Nazis and had fled their country.
Family.
Giertz's brother was architect Lars Magnus Giertz (1908-2008). In 1932 he married Ingrid Sofia Margareta Andrén (known as "Ninni", b. 1908), a daughter of conductor and organist Adolf Andrén (1869-1936) and Ellen Borg. In 1942 Ingrid died of a blood clot in her lung shortly after giving birth to their fourth child, Martin. The couple had two daughters, Birgitta and Ingrid, as well as one other son, Lars. In 1945 he remarried to Elisabeth Margareta Heurlin (1919-1968). Fifteen years after Elisabeth's death, he married a third time, to Karin Lindén (1931-1996).
Bishopric.
It was unusual that one so young as Giertz (43) would be elected bishop. Until his election he had been just an assistant pastor of a small rural parish. Previous bishops had usually been head pastors of large parishes or university theologians.
During his time as bishop (1949–1970) he did not write many major works. As custom dictated, he wrote a "Herdabrev" (pastoral letter) that outlined his theological program. This “letter” was really a book-length text, in which he outlined the inheritance of the Church of Sweden from three different eras — the first being the early church or New Testament times, the second being the Reformation, and a third on 19th-century revival. In a chapter of this work with the English title “Liturgy and Spiritual Awakening”, he makes a case for the necessity of ancient liturgy in the life of the church. The work shows the importance Giertz put upon the word of God in scripture, sacraments and prayer.
As bishop, Giertz's service for Lutheranism in Sweden included working with unions, touring the parishes for which he was responsible, and ordaining other pastors and bishops. Abroad, he represented the Church of Sweden as second vice-president of the Lutheran World Federation. But Giertz was undoubtedly best known for his controversial stridency against the ordination of women. In 1958 the Church of Sweden voted to begin ordaining women; in strong disagreement with the modern consensus, Giertz responded immediately by organizing the group "Kyrklig samling kring bibeln och bekännelsen" ("Church coalition for the Bible and confession") and writing numerous articles defending his views in journals and newspapers.
Retirement.
After his official retirement as bishop in 1970, Giertz returned to the task of writing. His published works from this time of his life included "Riddarna på Rhodos" ("The Knights of Rhodes", 1972), a novel exploring the theology of the cross amidst the siege of Rhodes in 1522 and a two-volume devotional work, "Att tro på Kristus" and "Att leva med Kristus", published in English as “To Live With Christ.” He also retranslated the New Testament into Swedish, accompanied by 12 volumes of commentary (1976-1982).

</doc>
<doc id="5946563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946563" title="Pendergrass">
Pendergrass

Pendergrass is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5946569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946569" title="CARE diagnostica">
CARE diagnostica

CARE diagnostica is an Austrian health-care company which operates worldwide. It is a privately held company. The headquarters are located in Moellersdorf, near Vienna.
History.
CARE diagnostica was founded in 1982 by Johann Scheuringer. The company was initially known for producing reagents for clinical chemistry.
Product line.
In the 1980s, CARE diagnostica developed the fecal occult blood test, "hemoCARE". Its immunochromatographic successor, "immoCARE" was introduced in 1996. A "Helicobacter pylori" stool test, "helicoCARE direct", was introduced in 2006.
The company has also produced various health care and women's health tests for home use. It holds several patents.

</doc>
<doc id="5946589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946589" title="Weekly Markets in Munich">
Weekly Markets in Munich

The weekly markets in Munich, Germany, are an important source of food to the residents of the city. The population of the city is provided with groceries by 41 weekly markets, including farmers’ markets and organic-food markets on a daily basis. These markets can be found all over Munich.
History.
As it was too expensive to maintain permanent food markets (such as Viktualienmarkt) in some areas, the city authorities established markets that take place once or twice a week for a few hours or an entire day. The markets are supplied by mobile producers who provide the people of Munich with groceries, flowers and non-food products.
On 20 May 1969 the first weekly market was opened in Plettstraße (Neuperlach), followed by markets in Berner Straße (Fürstenried-Ost), Wellenkampstraße (Hasenbergl) and Graubündener Straße (Fürstenried-West).
The markets’ trial year went down well with Munich’s population and in 1970 responsibility was handed over to the administration of the Großmarkthalle (Great Market Hall).
In spring 1989, farmers’ markets began for a test period – under the patronage of the association of Munich’s weekly markets. Responsible for this market concept is the Bauernmarkt München e. V. (Munich’s Farmers Market Registered Society) founded by the Bavarian Farmers’ Organisation. In contrast to professional market vendors, stall-holders on farmers’ markets have to be small farmers and members of the Bauernmarkt München e. V.
In 1996 Munich’s first weekly organic market was opened on Pfanzeltplatz (Perlach). Usually organic food market are smaller than conventional weekly markets because each organic farmer offers a wider range of products than the highly specialised market vendors on conventional markets.
Administration.
The weekly markets are organized by the Wholesale Market Munich who, together with Viktualienmarkt, Elisabethmarkt, Pasing Viktualienmarkt, Wiener Markt and the Weekly Markets in Munich, is a municipal company run by the City of Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="5946591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946591" title="Paul Hall (footballer)">
Paul Hall (footballer)

Paul Anthony Hall (born 3 July 1972 in Manchester, England), is a retired English-born Jamaican international footballer. He is currently a coach at Conference National side Tamworth, during his career, Hall was a striker who could also play on the right wing.
Playing career.
Hall began his career as an apprentice at Torquay United, turning professional on 9 July 1990, although he had already made his league debut the previous season. He helped the Gulls to promotion via the play-offs, primarily playing as a winger, and made a total of 93 league appearances, before a £70,000 transfer to Portsmouth on 25 March 1993.
Hall was to spend five happy seasons with the Fratton Park outfit, and after some impressive displays Hall gained a call up to the Jamaica national football team to participate at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
After some impressive performances at the World Cup, Hall moved to Coventry City for a fee of £300,000. Within four months at Coventry he had been told by manager Gordon Strachan that he did not fit into his plans, but Hall chose to stay and fight for a place, turning down a move to Port Vale in late November 1998. On 18 February 1999, he joined Bury on loan, but again returned to Highfield Road to fight for a first team place. The following season chances were even sparser, with loan moves to Sheffield United on 17 December 1999 (scoring once against Grimsby Town), and to West Bromwich Albion on 10 February 2000, neither of which resulted in permanent deals. He scored once during his spell at Coventry against Southend United in the League Cup.
On 17 March 2000, Hall left Highfield Road, joining Walsall on loan until the end of the season, and in the summer joined the Saddlers permanently on a free transfer. He helped the club to gain promotion to the Football League First Division via the play-offs, but found himself out of manager Ray Graydon's plans for the 2001–02 campaign. Port Vale attempted to take him loan on 20 September, but were told by Walsall that only a permanent deal would suffice. The following week, he was offered a trial at Queens Park Rangers, but again returned to Walsall. On 10 October 2001, he finally left the Bescot Stadium, joining league newcomers Rushden & Diamonds on a free transfer, playing alongside fellow former Torquay forwards Scott Partridge and Duane Darby.
Hall spent three seasons with Rushden & Diamonds, making 112 appearances and scoring 26 goals. In the Third Division play-off final, Hall scored a superb solo goal straight from kickoff after Cheltenham scored. When financial problems forced Rushden to offload several players, he signed for Tranmere Rovers where he played 55 times and scored 13 goals.
For the 2005–06 season Hall signed on a free for Chesterfield, for whom he was the top scorer with 15 goals in 47 league and cup starts. On 4 June 2007, Hall returned to his former club Walsall. He scored once in his second spell at the club; a last minute winner against Hartlepool United.
On 11 January 2008, Hall and fellow Saddlers team mate, Danny Sonner both joined League Two strugglers Wrexham, however Hall's deal was only a loan deal. Hall scored his first goal for Wrexham on 9 March which was the opening goal in a 2-0 win at local rivals Chester City. Unfortunately for Hall he suffered an injury, and returned to Walsall. In July 2008, Hall signed for Conference South club Newport County under manager Dean Holdsworth. Hall's contract with Newport was cancelled in October 2008 by mutual consent. He joined Stratford Town of the Midland Football Alliance in November 2008.
In July 2010, Hall was named youth team coach at Mansfield Town, but left the club just two months later when financial trouble forced the club to shut down their youth team. He subsequently joined Spalding United as a player, and made his debut for the Tulips on 2 October 2010 in a 3-0 defeat. Hall returned to Mansfield on 19 November 2010 when he was hired as Duncan Russell's assistant manager. On 30 March 2011, Hall was registered as a player to help ease the injury crisis at Mansfield Town, after the club could only name three healthy substitutes in the match against Crawley Town the day before. Hall left his assistant manager role on 7 June 2011.
International career.
Although born and raised in England, Paul Hall was eligible to play for Jamaica because of family connections. He made his international debut for the "Reggae Boyz" in 1997, and helped Jamaica qualify for the 1998 World Cup. He subsequently started all three games in the World Cup. In total, he played 41 games and scored 15 goals for Jamaica.
Managerial career.
Paul Hall currently holds a UEFA 'A' coaching license. In 2009 Hall coached at Soleil College. In November 2010, he was named assistant manager at English Conference side Mansfield Town.
Hall joined up with Marcus Law at Conference National side Tamworth, and is helping with coaching the team, Hall lives local to the Tamworth area, and will pass on his experience to a young squad.

</doc>
<doc id="5946594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946594" title="Ars (slang)">
Ars (slang)

Ars ( '), or Arsim (the plural in Hebrew) is a derogatory Hebrew slang term for the Israeli stereotype of a low-class young man. The stereotype may also refer to attributes such as flashy jewelry and clothing. A woman fitting this stereotype is an "Arsit" (though this usually implies a certain manliness in the woman), the word formed by adding the Hebrew feminine ending "it" to the Arabic word "Ars" (, '). Another term used for women is "Freḥa" (פרחה), originally a female Moroccan first name popular in the 1950s and the 1960s, during the large immigration wave from Morocco to Israel. The Ars subculture traditionally was associated with young Jews of Middle Eastern origin, but in recent years has expanded to a broader range of ethnicities. In particular, "Freḥa" is used presently for intellectually shallow girls of all ethnicities, like bimbo or airhead in English.
The term is often considered offensive and racist towards Mizrahi youth, and is usually considered pejorative when said in person. Some criticize the term for stereotyping Mizrahi youth culture and for being inaccurate.
In Arabic the word "ars" has several meanings:‏
A long form used sometimes is arsawwat., although the Arabic plural of "Ars" is "Arsat".

</doc>
<doc id="5946595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946595" title="Pennock">
Pennock

Pennock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946598" title="Paul Hall">
Paul Hall

Paul Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946607" title="Penshurst Station">
Penshurst Station

Penshurst Station can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946608" title="Upon Appleton House">
Upon Appleton House

"Upon Appleton House" is a poem written by Andrew Marvell for Thomas Fairfax, 3rd Lord Fairfax of Cameron. It was written in 1651, when Marvell was working as a tutor for Fairfax's daughter, Mary. An example of a country house poem, "Upon Appleton House" describes Fairfax's Nunappleton estate while also reflecting upon the political and religious concerns of the time.
Background.
Nun Appleton Priory was a Cistercian religious house, until the Dissolution of the Monasteries. At that point, or shortly afterwards, it was acquired by the Fairfax family. One of the themes of the poem is a Protestant-slanted account of the circumstances under which Isabel Thwaites left the nunnery. She married William Fairfax of Steeton, in 1518, two decades before the Dissolution. Their son Sir Thomas Fairfax of Denton was a Member of Parliament; and his son was Thomas Fairfax, 1st Lord Fairfax of Cameron. The story of Isabel, released from wardship in the priory by legal order and William Fairfax's intervention, has not been verified independently of Marvell's account.
Thomas Fairfax, the dedicatee of the poem and son of the 1st Lord Fairfax, went to live as a newly married man with his father at Denton. The domestic arrangements were soon changed, however, and Thomas Fairfax the younger soon moved to Nunappleton (now Nun Appleton), the estate on which Appleton House was built.
Nun Appleton is just north of Ryther, a village south-south-west of York. Local geography enters the poem in the mention of Cawood Castle, within walking distance of Ryther to the east. Both the ruined nunnery and the castle (associated with the Archbishops of York, and in particular with John Williams) are contrasted in the poem with Appleton House.
Structure.
The poem is written in 97 stanzas, each of eight lines that are octosyllabic, in iambic tetrameters forming couplets. It has been analysed into six sections:
Dating.
"Upon Appleton House" was published posthumously in 1681. It is dated by internal evidence to the early 1650s, but the dates are tentative. Worden says it was probably written in the second half of 1651, or in 1652. Its production was certainly connected to Marvell's period as tutor to Mary Fairfax; this is taken to start after the middle of 1650. Since Marvell was back in London in late 1652, his period of tutor at Appleton House had ended by then.
Interpretation and influences.
Marvell was replying to the royalist epic poem "Gondibert" (1651) by William Davenant. The poem was influenced by works of Mildmay Fane, 2nd Earl of Westmorland and Constantijn Huyghens; it also draws on Antoine Girard de Saint-Amant, a poet whom Fairfax had translated.
There are numerous interpretations, including those of Abraham who sees the poem as a memory map (to regain Paradise), and Stocker, who sees it as an "epic in miniature" and reads closely the later sections for apocalyptic language relating to England as elect nation.

</doc>
<doc id="5946622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946622" title="Hot Shots (The Wire)">
Hot Shots (The Wire)

"Hot Shots" is the third episode of the second season of the HBO original series, "The Wire". The episode was written by David Simon from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Elodie Keene. It originally aired on June 15, 2003.
Production.
Title reference.
The bad package brought into the prison is referred to as 'hot shots' by an inmate. According to the glossary in William S. Burroughs's novel "Junkie", a hot-shot is a portion of drugs which has been spiked with poison, usually with the intention of killing a police informant or other undesirable. 'Hot shots' may also refer to Ziggy and Nick, who are trying to become part of the criminal world independent of Frank Sobotka.
Epigraph.
Officer Russell makes this statement in reference to the women involved in the illegal sex trade. This also refers to the eventual alliance of Omar, Dante, Tosha and Kimmy, as well as the refusal of the Atlantic Light's crew workers to speak to Bunk and Lester. In the show as a whole, it is an ironic quote, as the stevedore union's storyline shows that the power that unions once had has dwindled to almost nothing.
Credits.
Although credited, Domenick Lombardozzi, John Doman, Deirdre Lovejoy, Andre Royo and Sonja Sohn do not appear in this episode.
Plot.
Summary.
The Jane Does.
Detectives Bunk Moreland and Lester Freamon interview the crew of the container ship that brought the girls into port, but all pretend to speak no English. Frustrated, Bunk and Freamon lose their temper with the ship's lone black seaman (whom Bunk calls Kunta Kinte). The first mate is more forthcoming and admits that many of the crew asked for pay advances during the trip. He believed that they may have been gambling, but Bunk thinks they may have been spending it on the girls. He shows them the cabin and possessions of two crew members who jumped ship. He tells them that the crew members will speak English again but not in the police's presence. Furthermore he convinces Bunk and Freamon that if they bring in a translator, nothing will be said as the crew generally agrees not to inform on each other, as what happens below decks stays below decks. They then agree to let the ship go with little evidence and jurisdiction for interrogation.
The detectives later report back to Sergeant Landsman at the homicide unit. He berates them for letting the boat go. He asks Officer Russell about her status and tells her that she can wear plain clothes while she is detailed to the case. Later, Bunk and Russell try to trace the movements of the container in which the bodies were found and find that much of the paperwork has been falsified.
Officer McNulty visits the morgue and discusses the case with Frazier, the medical examiner. He learns that three of the girls had received breast implants in the same clinic in Budapest. Additionally, in the 24 hours before their death, seven of the girls had vaginal intercourse, two had anal intercourse, and six had oral sex. He visits the homicide unit with this information, but Russell, Freamon and Bunk have already come up with the same theory. They shatter McNulty's pride by beating him to everything he was about to say. McNulty and Russell agree that they do not want to see the girls remain unidentified and shipped out as medical cadavers.
Bunk, Russell and Freamon take the French addresses listed on the paperwork to the FBI, who confirm that they are false and give the detectives more information on the international vice trade. Later, McNulty joins Bunk and Russell in a bar. McNulty asks Russell about her children and learns that she is a single mother. They discuss their progress in the case and McNulty tells Bunk of his desire to put a name to the dead girl he pulled from the harbor.
Sobotka detail.
Major Valchek is informed of his missing surveillance van by a sergeant. It is seen being delivered to stevedores in Wilmington. Prez is annoyed that his commander in the detail will not authorize telephone monitoring on their target, Frank Sobotka, and that their investigation appears to have gotten a false start. Later at Valchek’s anniversary party, Prez tells him that the detail will move slowly under Lt. Grayson and that Lieutenant Daniels would have brought in a better case on the Barksdale detail if it had not been for the interference of acting commissioner Burrell.
Valchek is prompted to visit the detail offices when he receives photos of the missing surveillance van. He finds the detectives playing poker and the lieutenant missing. Enraged, Valchek tracks Burrell to the vestibule outside the city council chambers where he is awaiting the vote as police commissioner. Valchek regards the detectives that he has been sent as "a detail of humps." Burrell attempts to quiet Valchek, who then claims he'll tell the first district to vote against Burrell's nomination for commissioner in addition to other politicians he knows. Valchek then warns that Burrell's quest to become commissioner will be made uglier than he wishes for it to be unless he complies with his request for a real police detail. He then forces Burrell into assigning Daniels to the Sobotka detail, claiming he will use all of his city hall connections to make Burrell's life hell unless he cooperates.
Omar's crew.
Omar Little is back in town with a new boyfriend named Dante in tow. They stake out a stash house to potentially rip off. They are beaten to the take by Tosha Mitchell and Kimmy, fellow thieves. Omar tails them to their hideout and announces his return to Baltimore, taking their haul from them. Later, the two couples team up to scout out another stash house.
When Dante and Omar are alone, Dante shows a jealous side. Omar tries to convince him he is not interested in the women beyond business. Dante insists that Omar prove that his interests don't lie elsewhere, and the two kiss; however, when Dante claims that this is not enough, Omar teasingly pushes him out of bed. The four later hold up another stash house using Tosha to pose as a caring neighbor to the daughter of the man in charge.
McNulty.
McNulty visits Daniels in the evidence offices and they discuss their career misfortunes. McNulty is there to return the evidence on the Gant case and discusses looking for Omar at the request of ASA Nathan and Bunk. Daniels tells McNulty that he has put in for early retirement and plans to use his law degree to become a lawyer. McNulty learns that Kima Greggs is working in asset forfeiture and has reached the second year of her pre-law course. He doesn't think it's the right fit for Kima.
McNulty returns his sons to their home after spending the evening with them. Elena tells him that she is sending him a separation agreement. He receives the paperwork shortly afterwards.
Nick's money troubles.
Nick Sobotka has his hair cut by his girlfriend Aimee while their daughter Ashley sits nearby. She complains that their daughter is talking about their not living together in her classes at preschool. She wants them to move in together and he tries to reassure her that they will when they can afford it. At the docks, he complains about the lack of work and his position with Aimee to Ziggy. Ziggy tries to convince him to join him in the drug trade for a second time. Nick angrily rebuffs his offer, stating that the drug business is high risk for low return. Nick tells Ziggy he will think of something else.
Nick and Ziggy steal a container of cameras from the docks with the help of Johnny Fifty. Horseface is surprised to see Nick driving the container. They sell the cameras to George "Double G" Glekas, the warehouse manager and fence for the Greeks. Ziggy haggles up the cameras' selling price and angers Glekas by taking his photo with one of the cameras. Nick firmly demands a 20% share of the profits. Glekas agrees to 10% rather than the 8% because he likes Nick. Glekas checks the deal with Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos and tells him that although he thinks Ziggy is using drugs and is a 'malaka', they can trust Nick, as he is smart.
Union business.
Frank Sobotka meets with a checker named Ringo who is having trouble getting enough work to live on. When Ringo mentions he's contemplating a move to a different local, Sobotka sends Ringo to Delores's bar and tells him to order a shot and a beer on him. When Ringo arrives at the bar and uses Frank Sobotka’s name, Delores gives him a bundle of cash. Ziggy is there to see the exchange.
Sobotka attends a political evening at Father Lewandewski’s church with his lobbyist Bruce DiBiago. He is complimented on his presence by district seven councilman Bobby, who has promised his support. DiBiago pulls him aside and tells him that he needs to focus on the people who may not support them: John Carter, Lisa Tobin, and Clay Davis. In particular he says that Davis has taken $40,000 in contributions from them and has still not made any promises. Sobotka is outraged but is forced to make nice with Davis to court his support.
Prison blues.
Stringer, Country and Shamrock discuss shares as they tail CO Tilghman. Country asks why Stringer is selling his shares in phone companies and Stringer tells him that he saw Poot Carr with two phones — a sure sign that the market is saturated. Later, Tilghman meets with Butchie and they place bets on his dog catching rats. Afterwards, Tilghman buys a package of narcotics from Butchie. Country and Shamrock watch him receive the package and make the connection. On Avon's orders, Stringer contacts Butchie and asks him to supply Tilghman with a bad package the next time he comes to him for narcotics. Butchie is reluctant but agrees when Stringer uses Avon's name and promises compensation. Shamrock sits in Butchie’s bar as Tilghman picks up the package.
Stringer Bell visits Donette to ask her to visit D'Angelo at the prison. The two flirt throughout the discussion and once Stringer has delivered his message he and Donette kiss and undress each other.
D'Angelo is snorting heroin to get through his long prison sentence. He is also trading comics and working in the prison library with an inmate. Avon Barksdale visits D'Angelo and convinces him to lay off of the drugs for a few days. He tells him there may be a way to shave some years from their sentences.
Tilghman smuggles the package into the prison. D'Angelo honors his promise to stay clean, but several other inmates are poisoned from the heroin. As prison staff rush the inmates away on stretchers, Avon calmly reads a book.

</doc>
<doc id="5946628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946628" title="Pentwater">
Pentwater

Pentwater may refer to a community in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5946630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946630" title="Herb Lubalin">
Herb Lubalin

Herbert F. (Herb) Lubalin (pron. "loob'-allen"; March 17, 1918 – May 24, 1981) was an American graphic designer. He collaborated with Ralph Ginzburg on three of Ginzburg's magazines: "Eros", "Fact", and "Avant Garde", and was responsible for the creative visual beauty of these publications. He designed a typeface, ITC Avant Garde, for the last of these; this font could be described as a reproduction of art-deco, and is seen in logos created in the 1990s and 2000s.
Education and early career.
Herb Lubalin entered Cooper Union at the age of seventeen, and quickly became entranced by the possibilities presented by typography as a communicative implement. Gertrude Snyder notes that during this period Lubalin was particularly struck by the differences in interpretation one could impose by changing from one typeface to another, always “fascinated by the look and sound of words (as he) expanded their message with typographic impact.” After graduating in 1939, Lubalin had a difficult time finding work; he was fired from his job at a display firm after requesting a two dollar raise on his weekly salary, up from a paltry eight (around USD100 in 2006 currency). Lubalin would eventually land at Reiss Advertising, and later worked for Sudler & Hennessey, where he practiced his considerable skills and attracted an array of design, typographic and photographic talent that included George Lois, Art Kane and John Pistilli. He served with Sudler for twenty years before leaving to start his own firm, Herb Lubalin, Inc., in 1964 .
Private Practice.
"Eros Magazine" and "Fact Magazine".
Lubalin’s private studio gave him the freedom to take on any number of wide-ranging projects, from poster and magazine design to packaging and identity solutions. It was here that the designer became best known, particularly for his work with a succession of magazines published by Ralph Ginzburg: "Eros", "Fact", and "Avant Garde". "Eros", (Spring 1962 to issue four 1963) which devoted itself to the beauty of the rising sense of sexuality and experimentation, particularly in the burgeoning counterculture, it was a quality production with no advertising and the large format (13 by 10 inches) made it look like a book rather than a quarterly magazine. It was printed on different papers and the editorial design was some the greatest that Lubalin ever did. It quickly folded after an obscenity case brought by the US Postal Service. Ginzburg and Lubalin followed with "Fact", which the former largely founded in response to the treatment "Eros" received. This magazine’s inherent anti-establishment sentiment lent itself to outsider writers who could not be published in mainstream media; "Fact" managing editor Warren Boroson noted that “most American magazine, emulating the Reader's Digest, wallow in sugar and everything nice; Fact has had the spice all to itself.” Rather than follow with a shocking design template for the publication, Lubalin chose an elegant minimalist palette consisting of dynamic serifed typography balanced by high-quality illustrations. The magazine was printed on a budget, so Lubalin stuck with black and white printing on uncoated paper, as well as limiting himself to one or two typefaces and paying a single artist to handle all illustrations at bulk rate rather than dealing with multiple creators. The end result was one of dynamic minimalism that emphasized the underlying sentiment of the magazine better than “the scruffy homemade look of the underground press (or the) screaming typography of sensationalist tabloids” ever could. "Fact" itself folded in controversy as "Eros" before it, after being sued for several years by Barry Goldwater, the Republican presidential candidate about whom Fact wrote an article entitled “The Unconscious of a Conservative: A special Issue on the Mind of Barry Goldwater.” Goldwater was awarded a total of $90,000, effectively putting "Fact" out of business.
"Avant Garde".
Logo.
Lubalin and Ginzburg again turned one magazine’s demise into the creation of another, releasing "Avant Garde" six months later. The creation of the magazine’s logogram proved difficult, largely due to the inherent difficulties presented by the incompatible letterform combinations in the title. Lubalin’s solution, one which sought to meet Ginzburg’s hope for an expression of “the advanced, the innovative, the creative,” consisted of tight-fitting letterform combinations to create a futuristic, instantly recognizable identity. The demand for a complete typesetting of the logo was extreme in the design community, so Lubalin released ITC Avant Garde from his International Typeface Corporation in 1970. Unfortunately, Lubalin quickly realized that Avant Garde was widely misunderstood and misused in poorly thought-out solutions, eventually becoming a stereotypical 1970s font due to overuse. Steven Heller, one of Lubalin’s fellow AIGA medalists, notes that the “excessive number of ligatures [ . . . ] were misused by designers who had no understanding of how to employ these typographic forms,” further commenting that “Avant Garde was Lubalin’s signature, and in his hands it had character; in others’ it was a flawed Futura-esque face.” Regardless of ITC Avant Garde’s future uses, Lubalin’s original magazine logo was and remains highly influential in typographic design.
Page design.
"Avant Garde" (January 1968 to issue 14 summer 1971) also provided Lubalin with a large format of wide typographic experimentation; the page format was an almost square 11.25 by 10.75 inches bound in a carboard cover, a physical quality that, coupled with Lubalin’s layouts, caught the attention of many in the New York design scene. Often, the magazine would employ full-page typographic titles, which at the time was a largely new idea; in recent times, "Rolling Stone" art director Fred Woodward has used this method widely in his publication. Ginzburg, who held some experience as a photographer, gave Lubalin total control over the magazine’s look: “Herb brought a graphic impact. I never tried to overrule him, and almost never disagreed with him.” Other issues included a portfolio of Picasso’s oft-neglected erotic engravings, which Lubalin willingly combined with his own aesthetic, printing them in a variety of colors, in reverse, or on disconcerting backgrounds. Unfortunately, "Avant Garde" again caught the eye of censors after an issue featuring an alphabet spelled out by nude models; Ralph Ginzburg was sent to prison, and publication ceased with a still-growing circulation of 250,000.
"U&lc" magazine.
Lubalin spent the last ten years of his life working on a variety of projects, notably his typographic journal "U&lc" and the newly founded International Typographic Corporation. "U&lc" (short for "Upper and lower case") served as both an advertisement for Lubalin’s designs and a further plane of typographic experimentation; Steven Heller argues that "U&lc" was the first "Emigre", or at least the template for its later successes, for this very combination of promotion and revolutionary change in type design. Heller further notes, “In "U&lc", he tested just how far smashed and expressive lettering might be taken. Under Lubalin’s tutelage, eclectic typography was firmly entrenched.” Lubalin enjoyed the freedom his magazine provided him; he was quoted as saying “Right now, I have what every designer wants and few have the good fortune to achieve. I’m my own client. Nobody tells me what to do.”

</doc>
<doc id="5946632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946632" title="Thingspiele">
Thingspiele

A Thingspiel (plural "Thingspiele") was a kind of multi-disciplinary outdoor theatre which enjoyed brief popularity in pre-war Nazi Germany during the 1930s. A Thingplatz or Thingstätte was a specially-constructed outdoor amphitheatre built for such performances. About 400 were planned, but only about 40 were built between 1933 and 1939.
Here, the Volk would gather for völkisch meetings and to view theatre and propaganda presentations. A "Thing" was an ancient Nordic/Germanic gathering of the people, in an outdoor setting. The "Thing" sites were to be built as much as possible in a natural setting, incorporating rocks, trees, bodies of water, ruins, and hills of some historical or mythic significance.
The first officially designated Thingplatz was dedicated on 1 May 1934 in the Brandberge in Halle. 400 "Thing" sites were planned, but only approximately 40 were built. They were intended to be used for immersive multi-disciplinary theatre of a new type. As set out in a 1934 speech by Reich drama advisor Rainer Schlösser, the objective was "a drama that intensifies historical events to create a mythical, universal, unambiguous reality beyond reality." However, Hitler himself was not a big believer in the revival of ancient Germanic practices, and outdoor performances were not popular in the commonly cold and damp German weather. It proved impossible to build so many new theatres quickly, and playwrights also failed to write enough suitable works. Beginning in 1935, many existing and all new "Thing" sites were renamed to "Feierstätten" (festival sites) or "Freilichtbühnen" (open-air theatres) and they were used for performances of conventional plays and folk festivals such as those celebrating the summer solstice. One of the promoters of the movement died, and by 1937, when Joseph Goebbels officially withdrew support from the movement, it had already petered out. The one successful "Thingspiel" was Eberhard Wolfgang Möller's "Frankenburger Würfelspiel", which received its première at the Dietrich-Eckart-Bühne in Berlin in 1936 in association with the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Since the end of World War II many of these sites have come to be used as venues for outdoor rock concerts and other musical presentations as well as for theatre.
Completed theatres.
Official.
According to Rainer Stommer in his study of the Thing movement, the following official sites were completed (date is that of completion or dedication):
Unofficial.
Stommer lists the following theatres that were not officially sanctioned but are known to have been completed (with date of completion or dedication):
Others inspired by or used by the Thing movement but not listed by Stommer include:

</doc>
<doc id="5946640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946640" title="Darryl Powell">
Darryl Powell

Darryl Anthony Powell (born 15 November 1971) is a former professional footballer who made more than 350 appearances in the Football League and Premier League and played international football for the Jamaican national team. He usually played as a central midfielder.
The son of a Reggae musician, he was born in Lambeth, London and his career included spells at English clubs Portsmouth, Derby County, Birmingham City, Sheffield Wednesday and Nottingham Forest, as well as a stint at Colorado Rapids in the USA. Along with his Derby team-mate Deon Burton he was one of the "Reggae Boyz" playing for Jamaica in France 98.
Powell has also appeared as a guest on the beach soccer circuit, playing for the England national beach soccer team in an exhibition game in Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="5946641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946641" title="Marco Pisano">
Marco Pisano

Marco Giovanni Pisano (born 13 August 1981 in Rome) is an Italian footballer who plays as a left-sided defender for Venezia.
Career.
Pisano started his career at S.S. Lazio youth team. He joined Brescia of Serie B in January 2000, exchanged with Mauro Coppini. He was on loan to Serie C1 clubs in 2000–01 & 2001–02 season. He made his Serie A debut for Brescia on 20 October 2002, against Bologna F.C. 1909.
In summer 2004, he joined U.C. Sampdoria.
In summer 2006, Pisano was involved in a 5 men swap deal with Palermo: Palermo signed including Aimo Diana (€5M), and Pisano (€4M) in 4-year contracts; Sampdoria signed Massimo Bonanni (50% for €2M), left back Pietro Accardi (€2M) and Christian Terlizzi (50% for €1.5M) in return. Pisano replaced departed Fabio Grosso as left back.
In January 2008, Pisano along with Diana (tagged for €1.2 million), were transferred to Torino F.C., in temporary deal and definitive deal respectively. At the end of season Torino bought Pisano for €1.5 million.
During 2009–10 season, Ultras of Torino attacked the players during David Di Michele's birthday party. After the incident the players involved: Di Michele, Massimo Loviso, Riccardo Colombo, Aimo Diana, Pisano, Francesco Pratali, Paolo Zanetti were transferred to other clubs and only Rolando Bianchi, Matteo Rubin and Angelo Ogbonna were remained.
On 27 January 2010 Bari signed the left-back on loan from Torino, the midfielder Filippo Antonelli has gone the other way. However Pisano managed to play only one single game with Bari during his time at the club. Torino also received €120,000 for the loan as a subsidy to the wage of Pisano. ("premi di valorizzazione")
On 2 August 2010, Pisano signed for Parma for undisclosed fee (with Filipe Oliveira moved to Turin in temporary deal for €600,000), but Pisano made just 5 league appearances as his chances at left-back were restricted by Luca Antonelli in the first half of the season and Massimo Gobbi in the second.
In July 2011, Parma F.C. signed Raffaele Schiavi for €750,000 and sold Pisano to Vicenza Calcio for €150,000 in 3-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="5946672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946672" title="Country house poem">
Country house poem

A country house poem is a poem in which the author compliments a wealthy patron or a friend through a description of his country house. Such poems were popular in early 17th century England. The genre may be regarded as a sub-set of the topographical poem.
Examples.
The model for the country house poem is Ben Jonson's "To Penshurst", published in 1616, which compliments Robert Sydney, 1st Earl of Leicester, younger brother of Sir Philip Sidney on his Penshurst Place. The poem has many allusions, to Epiphanius, Martial, and Horace, amongst others, and begins with the following lines referencing Horace's Ode 2:18:
This poem was imitated in subsequent country house poems. Aemilia Lanyer's "Description of Cookham", however, had in fact been published earlier, in 1611, as a dedicatory verse at the end of her long narrative poem "Salve Deus Rex Judaeorum". In the "Description of Cookham", Lanyer pays tribute to her patroness Margaret Clifford, Countess of Cumberland, through a description of her residence as a paradise for literary women. The estate at Cookham did not actually belong to Margaret Clifford, but was rented for her by her brother while Clifford was undergoing a dispute with her husband.
"To Richard Cotton, Esq.," composed by Geoffrey Whitney in 1586, which describes Combermere Abbey using the metaphor of a beehive, may be the earliest example.
Other well-known instances of the genre include Andrew Marvell's "Upon Appleton House", which describes Thomas, Lord Fairfax's country house, where Marvell was a tutor between November 1650 and the end of 1652. The poem centres on Lord Fairfax's daughter Maria.
Thomas Carew also wrote two country house poems in the mould of "To Penshurst": "To Saxham" and "To My Friend G. N., from Wrest".
Even closer to the Jonsonian model is a poem by the oldest of the so-called "Sons of Ben", Robert Herrick, "A Panegyric to Sir Lewis Pemberton".

</doc>
<doc id="5946683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946683" title="Enrico Brizzi">
Enrico Brizzi

Enrico Brizzi (born in Bologna, November 20, 1974) is an Italian writer. He is best known for his debut novel "Jack Frusciante Has Left the Band", which is so far the only one translated into English (along with other 23 languages). It also inspired the same name Italian movie in 1996.
Brizzi then published "Bastogne", translated to French, German and Spanish, and five more novels for major Italian publishers; the most recent in 2005, "Nessuno lo saprà - Viaggio a piedi dall'Argentario al Conero", based on a real life experience of a trekking through Tuscany, Umbria and the Marches from the Tyrrhenian Sea coast to the Adriatic sea one.
In Italy, he's one of the most popular authors of his generation, and in 1999 he was elected with José Carreras, Ennio Morricone and seven other Italian celebrities to form "the ten quality judges' board" in Italy's biggest music event, the Festival di Sanremo.
In 2006 Brizzi walked (and biked) for three months from Canterbury to Rome along the ancient pilgrims' path known as Via Francigena. His reportage was published in issues 30-34 of the leading Italian weekly magazine "L'espresso".
In 2008 a new trip brought Brizzi from Rome to Jerusalem, walking in southern Italy on the ancient Via Appia, and in Israel on the Israel National Trail. His reportage was published in the Italian edition of "Condé Nast Traveler" monthly magazine.
Filmography.
Enrico Brizzi is credited along with director Enza Negroni, Massimo Canalini and Ennio Montanari as writer for the movie "Jack Frusciante è uscito dal gruppo" (Italy, 1996).
Discography.
Enrico Brizzi & Frida X, "Nessuno lo saprà. Reading per voce e rock 'n' roll band" (Black Candy records, 2006). 70 minutes audio CD from the 2005-2006 reading tour with the Italian band Frida X.

</doc>
<doc id="5946685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946685" title="Münzenberg">
Münzenberg

Münzenberg is a town in the Wetteraukreis district in Hesse, Germany. It is located 13 km north of Friedberg, and 16 km southeast of Gießen. The castle of Münzenberg is outside of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="5946687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946687" title="Exmoor Steam Railway">
Exmoor Steam Railway

The Exmoor Steam Railway is a narrow gauge steam railway and locomotive manufacturer, located at Bratton Fleming in North Devon.
gauge.
The railway was built by the Stirland family and first opened as a tourist attraction in August 1990. At this time the railway ran in a circuit from the main station at "Exmoor Central", trains descending on a large embankment before climbing back up through a spiral and tunnel. In 1996 a new station was opened at "Cape of Good Hope", which changed the line to an "end-to-end" layout. At the end of the 2001 season, the decision was taken to close the railway to the public and concentrate on building new steam locomotives and associated equipment. The railway remains in full working order, and work started in the winter 2008/9 on extending the railway. By mid-2010 an additional half a mile of track had been brought into use, with a very steep ascending and descending ruling gradients of 1 in 28.
Locomotives used regularly at Exmoor.
A number of other locomotives have run at Exmoor including Nos.293, 296 & 297 all now based at the Rudyard Lake Steam Railway
gauge.
During the 1990s, a number of gauge Beyer Garratt articulated locomotives from South Africa arrived on site and were displayed. One locomotive was sold to the Welsh Highland Railway in 2006, whilst another has been under long term restoration. Over the winter 2008/9 work started on constructing around 1/2 mile of gauge railway to run the Garratts on.
Engineering Works.
Since the railway opened, there has been a large workshop on site, which was used to build all the locomotives and equipment used on the railway. In 2001, the decision was taken to close the railway as a tourist attraction and concentrate on the manufacture of miniature and narrow gauge railway equipment.
Exmoor Steam Railway builds several new steam locomotives a year, as well as rolling stock and also advise on the setup and expansion of miniature and narrow gauge railways. Exmoor is a member of Britains Great Little Railways and has supplied locomotives to many other members who operate public miniature and narrow gauge railways.
References.
Don.Fifer The Heywood Society Journal No.56 Spring 2005

</doc>
<doc id="5946689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946689" title="Dr Foster Intelligence">
Dr Foster Intelligence

Dr Foster Intelligence is a provider of healthcare information in the United Kingdom, monitoring the performance of the National Health Service and providing information to the public. It is a joint-venture with the Department of Health and was launched in February 2006. It aims to improve the quality and efficiency of health and social care. It monitors the performance of the National Health Service and provides information to the public. In 2010, the Dr Foster 2010 Hospital Guide was launched in the Observer newspaper and on the BBC.
History.
In 2006, the UK Department of Health paid £12m for a stake in a new joint venture with Dr Foster, Dr Foster Intelligence. The following year, a House of Commons committee raised serious concerns about the legality of the acquisition, describing it as a “hole and corner deal".
The main people at the time were Tim Kelsey (Chair) and Jake Arnold-Forster (CEO). A 'gag deal' was negotiated in connection with whistle-blower Denise Lievesley's departure from the NHS Information Centre.
According to the Guardian, Lievesley "protested ... when a contract ... was awarded to Dr Foster without (in her view) proper procurement procedures. She was eased out of her job, with a gagging clause preventing her from telling her side of the story."
Criticism of Dr Foster acquisition.
In February 2007, the UK's National Audit Office published a report raising serious concerns about the joint venture. The National Audit Office was prompted to investigate by "a letter from an anonymous whistleblower who expressed concern about the legality of the joint venture". The report concluded that the Department of Health failed to go through proper procedures and could not show value for money from the acquisition.
The House of Commons Public Accounts Committee also released a highly critical report on the deal in June 2007. The Committee noted concerns that Dr Foster’s operation had been valued at between £10m and £15m, yet the DoH paid £12m for a 50% share of the joint venture company, Dr Foster Intelligence.
Committee chair Edward Leigh was reported as saying: “By pursuing its back room deal with Dr Foster LLP, the Department of Health failed in its duty to be open to Parliament and the taxpayer.” He added that Treasury guidance on joint ventures between public and private sectors was ignored – instead the deal was “handed to Dr Foster on a plate”.
Dr Foster Hospital Guide.
In January 2001, Dr Foster published its first Hospital Guide in the Sunday Times; it included mortality data using the Hospital Standardised Mortality Ratio (HSMR) for every hospital. This was the first time that such a comparative measure of quality had been published for a national health economy anywhere in the world and it revealed widespread variation in adjusted death rates between English hospitals.
The methodology was developed by Brian Jarman, director of the Dr Foster Unit at Imperial College, London. It prompted widespread media interest and stimulated a national debate over quality in healthcare.
The Dr Foster Hospital Guide is now published on an annual basis, and remains an important independent publication on quality in NHS hospitals. Its latest edition was published in November 2012 and it identified a number of underperforming hospitals in England and a higher risk of avoidable mortality at the weekends.
Dr Foster Unit at Imperial College London.
The Dr Foster Unit at Imperial College London was established in 2000 within the Division of Epidemiology, Public Health and Primary Care, part of the Faculty of Medicine at Imperial College London. The unit is funded through a grant from Dr Foster Intelligence and also receives funding from the Centre for Patient Safety and Service Quality (CPSSQ) and Centre for Infection Prevention and Management.
The Unit is now in its tenth year and is headed by Professor Sir Brian Jarman, Emeritus Professor of Primary Care, with Dr Paul Aylin, Clinical Reader in Epidemiology and consultant in Public Health, as Assistant Director.
Code of Conduct.
Dr Foster works to a code of conduct that prohibits political bias. This is monitored by an independent Ethics Committee chaired by Professor Alan Maynard from The University of York. In the event of a complaint, the committee reviews the work and adjudicates as to whether this should be upheld. The Ethics Committee also acts as a forum for people to come together to learn about health policy developments. Over the last few years it has hosted speakers including Andrew Lansley, the Secretary of State for Health and Sir Bruce Keogh, the NHS Medical Director, as well as running a series of debates and dinners that explore relevant health topics.

</doc>
<doc id="5946690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946690" title="Guqin notation">
Guqin notation

The notation of the guqin is a unique form of tablature for the Chinese musical instrument, with a history of over 1,500 years, still in use today.
History.
Written qin music did not directly tell what notes were played; instead, it was written in a tablature detailing tuning, finger positions, and stroke technique, thus comprising a step by step method and description of how to play a piece. Some tablatures do indicate notes using the gongche system, or indicate rhythm using dots. The earliest example of the modern shorthand tablature survives from around the twelfth century CE. An earlier form of music notation from the Tang era survives in just one manuscript, dated to the seventh century CE, called Jieshi Diao Youlan 《碣石調幽蘭》 (Solitary Orchid in Stone Tablet Mode). It is written in a longhand form called "wenzi pu" 〔文字譜〕 (literally "written notation"), said to have been created by Yongmen Zhou (雍門周) during the Warring States period, which gives all the details using ordinary written Chinese characters. Later in the Tang dynasty Cao Rou (曹柔) and others simplified the notation, using only the important elements of the characters (like string number, plucking technique, "hui" number and which finger to stop the string) and combined them into one character notation. This meant that instead of having two lines of written text to describe a few notes, a single character could represent one note, or sometimes as many as nine. This notation form was called "jianzi pu" 〔減字譜〕 (literally "reduced notation") and it was a great advancement for recording qin pieces. It was so successful that from the Ming dynasty onwards, a great many qinpu 〔琴譜〕 (qin tablature collections) appeared, the most famous and useful being "Shenqi Mipu" (The Mysterious and Marvellous Tablature) compiled by Zhu Quan, the 17th son of the founder of the Ming dynasty . In the 1960s, Zha Fuxi discovered more than 130 qinpu that contain well over 3360 pieces of written music. Sadly, many qinpu compiled before the Ming dynasty are now lost, and many pieces have remained unplayed for hundreds of years. 
Development.
Major changes in the tablature happened during the Qing period. Before, the recording of the note positions between "hui" were only approximations. For example, to play sol on the seventh string, the position the player must stop is between the 7th and 8th hui. The tablature of Ming times would only say "between 7 and 8" 「七八日(間)」 or for other positions "below 6" 「六下」 or even say "11" 「十一」 (when the correct position is slightly higher). During the Qing, this was replaced by the decimal system. The space between two hui were split into 10 'fen' 〔分〕, so the tablature can indicate the correct position of notes more accurately, so for the examples above, the correct positions are 7.6, 6.2 and 10.8 respectively. Some even went further to split one fen into a further 10 'li' 〔釐/厘〕, but since the distance is too minute to affect the pitch to a large degree, it was considered impractical to use. Some people argue that the old system is just as accurate as the new system when qin tuning theory is observed. Also, these old positions may actually conform to the rules of equally tempered music, with its pitches slightly flatter, such as in the case of 8 for 7.9 and 11 for 10.8. Another main property for this old system is that it requires the player to "feel for the note", just as one would do for any other fretless stringed instrument, be it erhu or violin, instead of relying solely on fixed positions (which pitches can change slightly depending on how the player tunes their qin).
Existing qinpu generally come from private collections or in public libraries throughout China, etc. Those that are available for public purchase are facsimile qinpu printed and bound in the traditional Chinese bookbinding process. More modern qinpu tend to be bound in the normal Western way on modern paper. The format uses qin notation with staff notation and/or jianpu notation.
Modern developments.
A number of efforts have been made to further develop qin tablature. A book by Wang Guangqi (王光祈) uses Roman and Arabic numerals to express the information provided by qin tablature. The qin player, Gong Yi, developed a format using staff notation combined with some tablature marks . Others have tried to write a computer program that will do this. Chen Changlin, a Beijing-based computer scientist and qin player of the Min (Fujian) School, developed the first computer program to encode qin notation from ancient tablature sources. 

</doc>
<doc id="5946693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946693" title="Children's Party at the Palace">
Children's Party at the Palace

The Children's Party at the Palace was an event organized by Peter Orton of Hit Entertainment and David Johnstone of DJI consult, held at Buckingham Palace Garden on 25 June 2006 in honour of the 80th birthday of Queen Elizabeth II. The event, which had the theme British children's literature, was attended by 2,000 children and 1,000 adults who were chosen through a national ballot. On arrival all guests received a purple hamper with snacks put together by Jamie Oliver. For the occasion, the palace grounds were transformed into scenes from children's books including places like the Hundred Acre Wood and 80 costumed characters and a model of the BFG sitting at a huge piano. The grounds also had an author's corner where authors like J. K. Rowling, Philip Pullman, Eric Hill and Raymond Briggs read from their books and signed autographs.
The Queen's Handbag.
The main attraction of the party was a pantomime-style play called "The Queen's Handbag", written by children's author and playwright David Wood OBE and directed by Sir Trevor Nunn, which was performed on a stage resembling Buckingham Palace and broadcast live on both BBC1 and the CBBC channel.
In the play, the villains of children's literature were angry to find out none of them had been invited to the party, so they decided to ruin the party for the goodies too. After multiple failed attempts, one of them manages to steal the Queen's Handbag. Without its contents, her reading glasses, the Queen won't be able to deliver her closing speech. Multiple scenes of the play, including a scene starring Harry Potter and his friends, were pre-recorded and played on large video screens. The play ended with a rendition of "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" by the entire cast, led by the London company of the musical "Mary Poppins". Throughout the programme, the audience was kept up-to-date about the status of the missing handbag with reports from both BBC News and Crimewatch. The use of a fake newsflash caused complaints to be made to the BBC.
Harry Potter inset.
The Harry Potter sequence was a 2:55 long video clip filmed on the set of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix". The clip featured actors Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson and Matthew Lewis reprising their roles as Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger and Neville Longbottom, respectively, and their attempt to help find the Queen's lost handbag using their magical knowledge. A line of dialogue references a character named Peeves, who is a recurring character in the original Potter novels, but was omitted from the film adaptations.

</doc>
<doc id="5946703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946703" title="Perla">
Perla

Perla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946707" title="Perley">
Perley

Perley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946720" title="Valery Medvedtsev">
Valery Medvedtsev

Valery Alekseevitch Medvedtsev (or Valeriy) (; born July 5, 1964 in Izhevsk) is a retired Russian biathlete. 
He trained at the Armed Forces sports society in Izhevsk. At the 1988 Olympics in Calgary, Medvedtsev, competing for the USSR, won two silver medals in the 10 km sprint and the 20 km individual, and also gold medal in the relay. At the 1992 Olympics in Albertville he won a silver medal in the relay competition for the Team. In the World Championships, Medvedtsev has three relay medals gold from 1986 in Oslo, silver from 1987 in Lake Placid and silver from 1993 in Borovets. And he also has two individual gold medals from the World Championships, gold medals in the 20 km from 1986 in Oslo (Holmenkollen ski festival biathlon) and 1990 in Minsk. He also has one gold medal from the 10 km from 1986 in Oslo (Holmenkollen ski festival biathlon).

</doc>
<doc id="5946724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946724" title="Unicornuate uterus">
Unicornuate uterus

A unicornuate uterus represents a uterine malformation where the uterus is formed from one only of the paired Müllerian ducts while the other Müllerian duct does not develop or only in a rudimentary fashion. The sometimes called "hemi-uterus" has a single horn linked to the ipsilateral fallopian tube that faces its ovary.
Etiology.
The uterus is normally formed during embryogenesis by the fusion of the two Müllerian ducts. If one of the ducts does not develop, only one Müllerian duct contributes to the uterine development. This uterus may or may not be connected to Müllerian structure on the opposite site if the Müllerian duct on that site undergoes some development. A unicornuate uterus has a single cervix and vagina.
Associated defects may affect the renal system, and less common, the skeleton.
The condition is much less common than these other uterine malformations: arcuate uterus, septate uterus, and bicornuate uterus. While the uterus didelphys is estimated to occur in 1/3,000 women, the unicornuate uterus appears to be even more infrequent with an estimated occurrence of about 1/4,000.
Presentation.
Women with the condition may be asymptomatic and unaware of having a uniconuate uterus; normal pregnancy may occur. In a review of the literature Reichman et al. analyzed the data on pregnancy outcome of 290 women with a unicornuate uterus. 175 women had conceived for a total of 468 pregnancies. They found that about 50% of patients delivered a live baby. The rates for ectopic pregnancy was 2.7%, for miscarriage 34%, and for preterm delivery 20%, while the intrauterine demise rate was 10%. Thus patients with a unicornuate uterus are at a higher risk for pregnancy loss and obstetrical complications.
Rudimentary horn.
A unicornuate uterus may be associated with a rudimentary horn on the opposite site. This horn may be communicating with the uterus, and linked to the ispilateral tube. Occasionally a pregnancy may implant into such a horn setting up a dangerous situation as such pregnancy can lead to a potentially fatal uterine rupture. Surgical resection of the horn is indicated.
Diagnosis.
A pelvic examination will typically reveal a single vagina and a single cervix. Investigations are usually prompted on the basis of reproductive problems.
Helpful techniques to investigate the uterine structure are transvaginal ultrasonography and sonohysterography, hysterosalpingography, MRI, and hysteroscopy. More recently 3-D ultrasonography has been advocated as an excellent non-invasive method to evaluate uterine malformations.
Management.
Patients with a unicornuate uterus may need special attention during pregnancy as pregnancy loss, fetal demise, premature birth, and malpresentation are more common. It is unproven that cerclage procedures are helpful. 
A pregnancy in a rudimentary horn cannot be saved and needs to be removed with the horn to prevent a potentially fatal rupture of the horn and uterus.
Although it is unclear whether interventions before conception or early in pregnancy such as resection of the rudimentary horn and prophylactic cervical cerclage decidedly improve obstetrical outcomes, current practice suggests that such interventions may be helpful.

</doc>
<doc id="5946725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946725" title="Hard Cases">
Hard Cases

"Hard Cases" is the fourth episode of the second season of the HBO original series, "The Wire". The episode was written by Joy Lusco from a story by David Simon & Joy Lusco and was directed by Elodie Keene. It originally aired on June 22, 2003.
Production.
Title reference.
The title refers to the seeming impossibility of the cases the police have taken up: the fourteen homicides for Bunk, Beadie and Freamon as well as McNulty's attempt to identify one of the dead women.
A "hard case" is also defined as "a person who is persistently insolent or difficult to control", and may refer to the repeated issues McNulty, Greggs, and Daniels have with being kept from real police work. Along this same line, the title could also apply to Ziggy Sobotka as well as Horseface, who stubbornly refused to go downtown for questioning in connection with the Jane Does, reinforcing the front the Stevedores have against the Police.
Epigraph.
Greggs makes this statement about her inability to return to investigative work without becoming fully involved.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, Paul Ben-Victor, Deirdre Lovejoy and Seth Gilliam do not appear in this episode.
Plot.
Summary.
The Jane Does.
Detectives Bunk Moreland and Lester Freamon meet with Colonel William Rawls to discuss their progress. They tell him they need to look into how goods move through the port to understand what was happening with the container. Rawls tells them they should have held the ship in the docks and that they are his scapegoats if their investigation is not fruitful.
The detectives make their way to the docks anyway and try to get Thomas "Horseface" Pakusa to tell them more about the container. He hides behind his union representation and refuses to accompany them to their offices. Later, Beadie Russell shows them Delores's bar and they hassle both Horseface and Frank Sobotka. Frank is terrified of this new attention from law enforcement and vomits in the bathroom after learning the deaths were not accidental but homicidal.
Officer Jimmy McNulty continues to try to identify the girls. He uses the photo he matched to the girl he pulled from the harbor to identify her clothes in the evidence. He discovers a letter amongst them and has a foreign national translate it for him. He learns the girl's first name and a little about her family, and a vague reference to a priest at a church in her home country.
Sobotka detail.
Acting Commissioner Ervin Burrell meets with Lieutenant Cedric Daniels and offers him the command of the detail to stay with the department. Burrell appears anxious to appease Valchek, and attempts to talk Daniels into putting off his retirement from the department for a year, promising him a promotion in a few months that would boost his pension to a higher level. Daniels sees through Burrell's bluster about needing a capable investigator and gets Burrell to confirm that Major Valchek has asked for him by name. Seeing he is in a superior bargaining position, Daniels demands his own permanent major case unit if the investigation is successful, and the chance to pick his own people. Burrell agrees.
Daniels meets with Kima Greggs and persuades her to join the detail despite Cheryl's desire for her to work a desk job. Kima jokes, "I'll tell your wife if you tell mine," referring to the protest that their partners will have regarding the investigation. Cheryl and Kima's differences are brought to the fore when they are stuck behind a car of drunken frat boys and Kima cannot fight her impulse to arrest one of them. Daniels and Marla also have different outlooks on the detail's merits, and she storms out of dinner after he tells her about it. Kima gets the same reaction from Cheryl.
Colonel Rawls allows Daniels to take all of his choices except for McNulty. Rawls is still vengeful due to McNulty's acts of disloyal and insubordinate behavior during the Barksdale investigation, declaring that McNulty must drown or quit in order to leave the marine unit. Rawls comments that Daniels must be desperate to get out of evidence control to take a case involving the rivalry between Valchek and Sobotka. Daniels later meets with Valchek and he explains his premise for the investigation and drives him to the facility. Valchek also thanks Daniels for his mentoring of Prez and then describes the I.B.S. workers they are investigating as dishonest thieves. Thomas "Herc" Hauk and Greggs accompany them and are reunited with Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski. Valchek offers anyone from the Southeastern to Daniels and Herc reminds him that Carver is now there, but Daniels silently ignores Herc's implied suggestion that he recruit Carver. Daniels states that the detail needs to accrue at least a few drug busts by the harbor before adding to its number.
Omar.
McNulty is still getting pressure from Bunk and ASA Ilene Nathan to find Omar Little as a witness for the Marquis "Bird" Hilton trial. He spends a day cruising the West Baltimore streets, but the best he can come up with is Bubbles and Johnny shoplifting. He then gives them an ultimatum to either find Omar or go to jail on shoplifting charges.
Bubbles and Johnny later get stoned in a crack house and ask around about Omar. Kimmy, one of Omar's new crew, is also there asking about their next target and overhears Bubbles' inquiries. Omar sets a small trap for Bubbles with a scrap radiator and asks why he is asking for him.
Barksdale organization.
Stringer Bell meets with Cherry, the manager of his cut house. They discuss the poor quality of their latest package from Atlanta and Stringer orders Cherry to dilute it regardless.
The aftermath of the deaths from CO Tilghman's bad package sparks an investigation in the prison. Officer Reynolds suggests that they will likely get informants if they offer to shave years from prisoners' sentences. Avon Barksdale tries to convince D'Angelo to use the situation to their advantage and reduce their sentences. D'Angelo refuses to believe that Avon had nothing to do with the deaths of the inmates and tells his uncle that he no longer wants anything to do with his business.
Avon works with Maurice Levy, his attorney, to negotiate a reduction of his time until his first parole hearing to one year in exchange for information about the deaths. Despite the investigator's suspicion that Avon was directly involved and responsible for the bad package, the assistant district attorney bluntly tells him and the warden to take the deal they have in front of them. Once the deal is in place, Levy fingers Tilghman. The investigators discover the narcotics that Stringer had planted in Tilghman's car and arrest the CO as he protests that he'd been set up.
Nick's money troubles.
Nick Sobotka meets with his uncle Frank at the harbor at his behest. Frank knows that Nick stole the truck-load of cameras. Frank demands that Nick return the cameras, but Nick cannot because they have already been fenced. Frank and Nick argue about Frank's own illegal activities and Frank reminds his nephew that he is using the money he makes to save the dock industry.
Nick delivers his cousin Ziggy Sobotka's share to him at Delores's bar. He warns him not to flash the money around and lets Ziggy know that his father (Frank) knows they stole the truck. Nick spends the night with Aimee, but asks her to leave through the back so that his "decent" parents do not find out.
Ziggy cannot control his spending and buys a two thousand dollar leather coat. Nick and Ziggy meet with George "Double G" Glekas again and he asks them to acquire chemicals for him. Ziggy takes the list to Johnny "Fifty" Spamanto, their connection in the checkers, and he points them to a contact in another area. As Ziggy leaves, he is accosted by Maui, another checker, who intentionally spills coffee on Ziggy's new leather jacket and mocks him for stealing from the docks. Ziggy later gets his revenge by littering Maui's computer monitor with photographs of his genitals. Frank catches up with his son, cuffs him on the head, threatens to pull his card and sends him home.
To Aimee's surprise, Nick tells her that he has come into "some back pay" and suggests they look to buy a property in the neighborhood. He also talks to his mother having had a successful day's employment at the docks and goes to bring his father home for dinner. His father retired from the shipyards when they closed, and now spends much of his time drinking at the local pub and playing the horses. Nick asks his father if he misses the docks, to which he replies, "Wouldn't do no good." After a brief moment of levity, they head home to "tuna surprise" for dinner.
Reception.
Ratings.
The episode drew an average of 4.33 million viewers and was the fifth most watched program on cable television for the week ending June 22, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5946733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946733" title="Bicornuate uterus">
Bicornuate uterus

A bicornuate uterus or bicornate uterus (from the Latin "cornū", meaning "horn"), commonly referred to as a "heart-shaped" uterus, is a uterus composed of two "horns" separated by a septum. In humans, a bicornuate uterus is a type of uterine malformation, but in some other mammalian species, including rodents and pigs, it is normal.
Pathophysiology.
A bicornuate uterus is formed during embryogenesis. 
The fusion process of the upper part of the Müllerian ducts (Paramesonephric ducts) is altered. 
As a result the caudal part of the uterus is unitary while the cephalo (upper) part is bifurcated.
Classification.
There are many degrees of a bicornuate uterus.
There is a continuous range of the degree and location of the fusion of the Müllerian ducts (Paramesonephric ducts), and existence of a spectrum, rather than a fixed number of types corresponding to strict medical definitions.
Two processes that occur during the embryonic development of the Müllerian ducts - fusion and reabsorption - can be affected to different degrees.
This degree of fusion and reabsorption can determine the likeliness of a pregnancy reaching full term.
Epidemiology.
The occurrence of all types of Müllerian duct abnormalities in women is estimated around 0.4%.
A bicornuate uterus is estimated to occur in 0.1-0.5% of women in the U.S.
It is possible that this figure is an underestimate, since subtle abnormalities often go undetected. Some intersex individuals whose external genitalia are perceived as being male may nonetheless have a variably shaped uterus.
Effect on reproduction.
Pregnancies in a bicornuate uterus are usually considered high risk and require extra monitoring because of association with poor reproduction potential.
A bicornuate uterus is associated with increased adverse reproductive outcomes, such as: 
Previously, a bicornuate uterus was thought to be associated with infertility, but recent studies have not confirmed such an association.
Diagnosis.
It is possible to diagnose a bicornuate uterus using gynecologic sonography, specifically sonohysterography, and MRI. However, as there is no indication to do such procedures on asymptomatic women, the presence of a bicornuate uterus may not be detected until pregnancy or delivery. 
In a C-section (usually done due to malpresentation), the irregular shape of the uterus will be apparent.
Other less reliable diagnostic imaging methods include hysterosalpingography and hysteroscopy; these procedures are typically done during the course of an infertility investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="5946737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946737" title="Arcuate uterus">
Arcuate uterus

The arcuate uterus is a form of a uterine anomaly or variation where the uterine cavity displays a concave contour towards the fundus. Normally the uterine cavity is straight or convex towards the fundus on anterior-posterior imaging, but in the arcuate uterus the myometrium of the fundus dips into the cavity and may form a small septation. The distinction between an arcuate uterus and a septate uterus is not standardized.
Etiology.
The uterus is formed during embryogenesis by the fusion of the two Müllerian ducts. During this fusion a resorption process eliminates the partition between the two ducts to create a single cavity. This process begins caudally and advances cranially, thus an arcuate uterus represents an in the final stage incomplete absorption process.
Prevalence.
Most studies of uterine malformations are based on populations of women who have experienced a pregnancy loss and thus do not address the issue of the prevalence in the general population. A screening study by Woelfer at al. of women without a history of reproductive problems found that about 5% of women had an arcuate uterus when they defined an arcuate uterus any fundal protrusion into the cavity that had an apical angle of more than 90 degrees. Accordingly it was the most common uterine anomaly, followed by septate uterus (3%) and bicornuate uterus (0.5%).
Clinical presentation.
The condition may not be known to the affected individual and not result in any reproductive problems; thus normal pregnancies occur. Indeed, there is no consensus on the relationship of the arcuate uterus and recurrent pregnancy loss. Accordingly, the condition may be a variation or a pathology.
One view maintains that the condition is associated with a higher risk for miscarriage, premature birth, and malpresentation. Thus a study that evaluated women with uterine bleeding by hysteroscopy found that 6.5% of subjects displayed the arcuate uterus and had evidence of reproductive impairments. A study based on hysterosalpingraphic detected arcuate lesions documented increased fetal loss and obstetrical complications as a risk for affected women. Woelfer found that the miscarriage risk is more pronounced in the second trimester. In contrast, a study utilizing 3-D ultrasonography to document the prevalence of the arcuate uterus in a gynecological population found no evidence of increased risk of reproductive loss; in this study 3.1% of women had an arcuate uterus making it the most common uterine anomaly; this prevalence was similar than in women undergoing sterilization and lower than in women with recurrent pregnancy loss.
Diagnosis.
A pelvic examination will not reveal the condition. Investigations are usually prompted on the basis of reproductive problems.
Helpful techniques to investigate the uterine structure are transvaginal ultrasonography and sonohysterography, hysterosalpingography, MRI, and hysteroscopy. More recently 3-D ultrasonography has been advocated as an excellent non-invasive method to delineate the condition.
Management.
Many patients with an arcuate uterus will not experience any reproductive problems and do not require any surgery. In patients with recurrent pregnancy loss thought to be caused by an arcuate uterus hysteroscopic resection can be performed.
Differential diagnosis.
The major differential diagnosis is the uterine septum. The lack of agreement to separate these two entities makes it difficult to assess the results in the literature.

</doc>
<doc id="5946741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946741" title="List of schools in Wales">
List of schools in Wales

The following is a partial list of currently operating schools in Wales, United Kingdom. You may also find :Category:Schools in Wales of use to find a particular school. See also the List of the oldest schools in the United Kingdom.
The list is grouped by Principal areas of Wales - these may not be the same as the Local Education Authorities. 

</doc>
<doc id="5946745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946745" title="Mutzschen">
Mutzschen

Mutzschen () is a former town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 13 km east of Grimma, and 21 km northwest of Döbeln. With effect from 1 January 2012, it has been incorporated into the town of Grimma.

</doc>
<doc id="5946747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946747" title="Jack Frusciante Has Left the Band">
Jack Frusciante Has Left the Band

Jack Frusciante Has Left the Band () is Enrico Brizzi's debut novel. Brizzi wrote it at the age of eighteen and it was first published in 1994. The name "Jack Frusciante" is a deliberate modification of John Frusciante, the guitarist for the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
The novel, first published by independent Ancona-based Transeuropa, went out of print 15 times before the rights to it were sold to more solid publishers.
As of 1999, the novel had sold over one million copies in Italy and had been published in 23 countries throughout Europe, in the US, Japan, Korea and South America.
A film based on the novel was released in 1996, with Brizzi collaborating to the screenplay.
Plot.
"Jack Frusciante Has Left the Band" tells the story of the relationship between Alex, a 17 year old rebel, and Aidi, a girl who enters his life out of the blue one Sunday with a phone call. She asks about a poetry book and they end up talking about their projects and aspirations. Before they part she kisses him on the cheek. Alex falls for her, and later asks her to be his girlfriend. She begins behaving increasingly coldly to him until she states that she doesn't want any relationship because she'll be leaving for the States the following year and doesn't want to be in a long-distance relationship. Alex accepts her decision. Nonetheless, they maintain a relationship that, though not full-blown love, is stronger than mere friendship. Meanwhile, Alex takes a position in opposition to bourgeois society, rejecting the commonplace life that everyone expects him to be leading in the future ("a car, two children, a wife and a business consultant") and befriending Martino, the son of a rich family but an "outcast" like Alex himself.

</doc>
<doc id="5946749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946749" title="A. T. M. Shamsuddin">
A. T. M. Shamsuddin

A. T. M. Shamsuddin (born 1927) was a Bangladeshi author and communist.
Names.
Abu Taher Muhammad Shamsuddin was the name given by his family. Sometimes he uses Taher Shamsuddin and his pen name is Charubak.
Childhood.
He was born in Chittagong, southern part of Bengal, later Bangladesh. His mother died when he was three years old. His father, Ahmedur Rahman, was an employee of the Kolkata port commission and remarried. His stepmother, his mother's cousin, also died. A. T. M. Shamsuddin was raised in his maternal uncle's house.
Active politician.
Shamsuddin was active against British colonial power and was jailed. When studying in class nine, he was assistant secretary of Zila Muslim Chatraleague. He never graduated. Later, he was a strict communist and worked for the party while it remained underground. He joined the Pakistan Movement.
Editor.
Shamsuddin first joined the Weekly Ittefaq. In 1961, he joined Songbad as an assistant editor. He served as editor for Udayan, Jubobarta, Soviet Somikkha, Soviet Review.
Career in Soviet Embassy.
He worked at the Soviet embassy in Dhaka and was the general manager of the press information department. He retired after 21 years.
Personal life.
Shamsuddin did not marry, needing to support his large family. 
Works.
He wrote many satyr and adventure stories. In 1966, his first novel "Bonanir Buke" was published . Qazi Anwar Hussain inspired him and beginning in 1987, he wrote stories of Batamul in Rohosho Potrika. His first translation was "Hoja Nasiruddin".

</doc>
<doc id="5946757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946757" title="Kim Do-hoon">
Kim Do-hoon

Kim Do-Hoon (born 21 July 1970) is a former South Korean football player.
He played for several clubs, including Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors (1995~1998, 2000~2003), Vissel Kobe and Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma.
He played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
He received the title of top scorer in the Asian Club Championship (the older version of AFC Champions League) with 28 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="5946759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946759" title="P. B. Chatwin">
P. B. Chatwin

Philip Boughton Chatwin (1873—December 1964) was an architect in Birmingham, England.
From 1866 he worked with his father, architect J. A. Chatwin, and became his partner in 1897, in the firm Chatwin & Son.

</doc>
<doc id="5946765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946765" title="Eberle">
Eberle

Eberle is a Southern German diminutive form of the surname Eber, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5946766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946766" title="David Ben Hassin">
David Ben Hassin

Rabbi David Ben Hassin, Arabic David ibn Hasin, in French sources David Hassine (Meknes, 1727-1792) was a Moroccan Jewish poet. He is considered to be one of the greatest Jewish Moroccan poets. and one of the best known figures of Jewish liturgic poetry and his "piyyutim" were spread around the Sephardic world. He travelled to various communities in Morocco and also to Gibraltar, where his "piyyutim" were well received.
He is the author of "Tehila le David" ("Song of David"), a collection of liturgic poems and elegies which have inspired many Moroccan singers, and of "Mekoman chel zebahim" ("place of sacrifices"), a versification of the slaughter rituals practiced in the ancient Temple in Jerusalem. Some of his piyyut include his name in acrostic. Moses Edrehi (1855) records that he saw a manuscript of this work by Ben Hasin, "The Song of David," which was sent from Meknes to the leaders of the Moroccan Jewish community in London for publication.
He was also the author of several Bible commentaries, which unfortunately have not survived the times.

</doc>
<doc id="5946770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946770" title="Gianni di Parigi">
Gianni di Parigi

Gianni di Parigi is an 1839 "melodramma comico" ("opera buffa") in two acts with music by Gaetano Donizetti to a libretto by Felice Romani, which had previously been set by Francesco Morlacchi in 1818 and by Giovanni Antonio Speranza in 1836.
It is derived from "Jean de Paris", an 1812 opera by François-Adrien Boïeldieu with a libretto by Claude Godard d'Aucourt de Saint-Just, which had been performed in Naples in 1816.
Composition history.
According to Charles Osborne, the research of Swedish musicologist Anders Wiklund suggests that Donizetti may have begun composing the music for the opera between 1828 and 1830 for a projected performance in Naples which did not occur. It is established with certainty that Donizetti completed the score in 1831, intending it as a vehicle for the popular tenor Giovanni Battista Rubini, who had created the role of Percy in Donizetti's "Anna Bolena" on 26 December 1830, and to whom Donizetti presented the completed score in 1831. Apparently Rubini did not seriously promote it with opera managements, but somehow it was acquired by who became impresario of La Scala in 1836 and despite the protests of Donizetti produced it there in 1839.
Jeremy Commons, however, points out that Wiklund discovered that in Donizetti's autograph score in the Naples Conservatorio di Musica San Pietro a Majella the overture is clearly dated 1828. Commons notes that the opera's style fits better with florid operas of the 1820s such as "Gianni di Calais" than with the more romantic 1830s operas such as "L'elisir d'amore", and Wiklund suggests that Neapolitan elements in the opera indicate that it was composed in Naples where Donizetti was active in the 1820s. A further score of 1832, with some revisions by the composer (including the omission of the Neapolitan elements), is located in the Casa Ricordi archives in Milan. This may be the score which Donizetti presented to Rubini, who presumably passed it through the hands of Giovanni Ricordi to Merelli.
The sparkling overture includes a theme which is quite similar to that of Don Profondo's aria Medaglie Incomparabili from "Il viaggio a Reims" by Rossini.
Performance history.
The opera premiered on 10 September 1839 at the Teatro alla Scala in Milan, where it received twelve performances. There were seventeen further performances in 1845 at the Teatro Regio (Turin) and ten in 1846 at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples, but it was not staged subsequently until December 1985 in New York by the Vineyard Opera Shop, in a much reduced arrangement for piano, flute, clarinet and bassoon. It was revived by the Donizetti Festival in Bergamo in 1988 and 1991. A new production in 2010 at the Festival della Valle d'Itria at Martina Franca was revived by Wexford Festival Opera in October 2011.
Synopsis.
Pedrigo, an innkeeper from provence, is preparing his inn for the arrival of the Princess of Navarre who ordered her lunch and lodging in advance, but before her arrival comes a rich citizen from Paris, Gianni, who pays him as twice as much and gets hold of the place. To everyone's surprise, when the princess arrives she accepts the situation with good humor - and that's because she recognizes Gianni as King Philip de Valois's son. Finally both princess and prince (after taking off his disguise) fall in love and are prepared to get married.
Scores.
An autograph of the score is held at the Conservatorio di San Pietro a Majella in Naples. Since neither of the first two productions were supervised by Donizetti, it reflects changes made by other hands, which are evident from the differences in the two librettos and the presence of considerable non-autograph materials in the Naples score. There is also a score in the Ricordi Archives in Milan with significant autograph additions not found in the one in Naples.
References.
Notes
Cited sources
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="5946774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946774" title="Aiello del Sabato">
Aiello del Sabato

Aiello del Sabato is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy. Its name derives from the Latin "agellus" (meaning "field") and from the Sabato river, an affluent of the Calore Irpino.
Archaeological excavations have proven a human presence in the area from as early as the Roman era, and perhaps from the Palaeolithic Age. Aiello was however documented for the first time in 1045 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="5946786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946786" title="Altavilla Irpina">
Altavilla Irpina

Altavilla Irpina is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
History.
According to some scholars, it would coincide with the "Poetilia" mentioned by Vergil in his "Aeneid". The town had subsequently the names of Scandiano, Altacoda, Altacauda, sino until the current, deriving from the Norman Hauteville family.
Transportation.
It has a station on the Avellino-Benevento railway line
Distances to the main Italian cities :
<br clear=all>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5946788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946788" title="Andretta">
Andretta

Andretta is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. Andretta is twinned with the Town of Ramapo, New York.
Geography.
The little town, whose population was greatly reduced by emigration, rises on a high hill in the Apennines dominating the valley of the Ofanto river.
History.
The area has traces of settlement from the Bronze Age (1000 BC), as well as Samnite and Roman remains. The earliest historical mention however is in 1124, when it was ruled by the Norman Folleville; other lords were the Zurlo and Caracciolo families

</doc>
<doc id="5946789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5946789" title="Uterine septum">
Uterine septum

A uterine septum is a form of a congenital malformation where the uterine cavity is partitioned by a longitudinal septum; the outside of the uterus has a normal typical shape. The wedge-like partition may involve only the superior part of the cavity resulting in an "incomplete septum" or a "subseptate uterus", or less frequently the total length of the cavity ("complete septum") and the cervix resulting in a double cervix. The septation may also continue caudally into the vagina resulting in a "double vagina".
Etiology.
The uterus is formed during embryogenesis by the fusion of the two Müllerian ducts. During this fusion a resorption process eliminates the partition between the two ducts to create a single cavity. This process begins caudally and advances cranially, thus a complete septum formation represents an earlier disturbance of this absorption than the incomplete form. Causes for incomplete absorption are not known.
Prevalence.
Most studies are based on populations of women who have experienced a pregnancy loss and thus do not address the issue of the prevalence in the general population. A screening study by Woelfer et al. of women without a history of reproductive problems found that about 3% of women had a uterine septation; the most common anomaly in their study was an arcuate uterus (5%), while 0.5% were found to have a bicornuate uterus. In contrast, in about 15% of patients with recurrent pregnancy loss anatomical problems are thought to be causative with the septate uterus as the most common finding.
Clinical presentation.
The condition may not be known to the affected individual and not result in any reproductive problems; thus normal pregnancies may occur. However, it is associated with a higher risk for miscarriage, premature birth, and malpresentation. According to the classical study by Buttram there is a 60% risk of a spontaneous abortion, this being more common in the second than in the first trimester. However, there is no agreement on this number and other studies show a lower risk. Woelfer found that the miscarriage risk is more pronounced in the first trimester. 
The condition is also associated with abnormalities of the renal system. Further, skeletal abnormalities have been linked to the condition.
Diagnosis.
A pelvic examination may reveal a double vagina or double cervix that should be further investigated and may lead to the discovery of a uterine septum. In most patients, however, the pelvic examination is normal. Investigations are usually prompted on the basis of reproductive problems.
Helpful techniques to investigate a septum are transvaginal ultrasonography and sonohysterography, MRI, and hysteroscopy. More recently 3-D ultrasonography has been advocated as an excellent non-invasive method to delineate the condition. Prior to modern imaging hysterosalpingography was used to help diagnose the uterine septum, however, a bicornuate uterus may deliver a similar image.
An important category of septate uterus is the hybrid type a variant that may be misdiagnosed as bicornuate uterus when seen by laparoscopy Professor El Saman From Egypt was the first to describe this anomaly and warned gynecologist about this common misdiagnosis, whenever there is a uterine fundus depression on laparoscopy gynecologists should compare the depth of this depression with the depth of the dividing internal interface. Hybrid septate uterus benefit from hysteroscopic metroplasty under laparoscopic control.
Management.
A septum can be resected with surgery. Hysteroscopic removal of a uterine septum is generally the preferred method, as the intervention is relatively minor and safe in experienced hands. A follow-up imaging study should demonstrate the removal of the septum.
Tactile cold scissor metroplasty was described as a back technique for hysteroscopic challenges that interfere with proper visualization or uterine distention 
It is not considered necessary to remove a septum that has not caused problems, especially in women who are not considering pregnancy. There is controversy over whether a septum should be removed prophylactically to reduce the risk of pregnancy loss prior to a pregnancy or infertility treatment.
Differential diagnosis.
Other forms of uterine malformation need to be considered in the work-up for uterine septum. An arcuate uterus contains a residual cranial septum that is smaller than an incomplete septum but definitions between the two conditions are not standardized, - a cause for discrepancies in the literature.
A bicornuate uterus is sometimes confused with a septate uterus as in each situation the cavity is partitioned, however, in the former case the uterine body is cranially doubled (two uterine horns) while in the latter a single uterine body is present. The former represents a malformation of incomplete fusion of the Müllerian systems, and the latter of incomplete absorption. A hysterosalpingogram may not be able to distinguish between the two conditions. The differentiation, however, is important as a septum can be corrected by hysteroscopy, while a bicornuate uterus would be corrected by a metroplasty via laparotomy if necessary.

</doc>
