<doc id="5848528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848528" title="Fixed-focus lens">
Fixed-focus lens

A photographic lens for which the focus is not adjustable is called a fixed-focus lens or sometimes focus-free. The focus is set at the time of manufacture, and remains fixed. It is usually set to the hyperfocal distance, so that the depth of field ranges all the way down from half that distance to infinity, which is acceptable for most cameras used for capturing images of humans or objects larger than a meter. 
Rather than having a method of determining the correct focusing distance and setting the lens to that focal point, a fixed-focus lens relies on sufficient depth of field to produce acceptably sharp images. Most cameras with focus-free lenses also have a relatively small aperture, which increases the depth of field. Fixed-focus cameras with extended depth of field (EDOF) sometimes are known as full-focus cameras.
Concept.
In order to reach a minimal focal distance the aperture and the focal length of the lens are reduced (a slow wide-angle lens), to make the hyperfocal distance is small. This allows the depth of field to extend from infinity to a short distance. 
A disadvantage on this is the reduction of light that will reach the film or sensor through the small aperture. Therefore the lenses are usually not suitable for fast-moving objects which require short exposure times – see lens speed. The amount of collected light can be increased by opening the angle of view, which is achieved with an even shorter focal length resulting in a wide-angle lens. Telephoto lenses are not feasible at a reasonable lens speed.
The advantage of this design is that it can be produced very inexpensively, more so than autofocus or manual focus systems. The system is also effectively automatic; the photographer need not worry about focusing. It can also be more predictable than automatic systems.
Disadvantages include the inability to produce images as sharp as a lens that has been set to the best focal point for a given scene. Fixed-focus lenses are unable to produce sharp close-ups, or images of objects that are only a fraction of the hyperfocal distance from the camera which, depending on factors including the size of the camera, may be within 2.4 – 3.7 meters (8–12 feet).
Applications.
Fixed focus can be a less expensive alternative to autofocus, which requires electronics, moving parts, and power. Since fixed-focus lenses require no input from the operator, they are suitable for use in cameras designed to be inexpensive, or to operate without electrical power as in disposable cameras, or in low-end 35 mm film point and shoot cameras, or in cameras featuring simple operation. These are usually wide-angle lenses with fixed aperture, and cameras with these lenses generally use a viewfinder for composition.
Especially suitable are fixed-focus lenses for low-resolution CCD cameras as found in webcams, surveillance cameras and camera phones, because the low resolution of the image sensor allows a loose focusing on the CCD without noticeable loss of image quality. This makes a bigger circle of confusion and smaller hyperfocal distance. 
Special-purpose cameras such as the Agiflite 
are used for situations like aerial photography from aircraft. Because the ground is far from the camera, focus adjustment is not necessary. Light-field cameras use fixed-focus lenses, since the focus can be set when the picture is displayed. For 35 mm cameras, some superwide fixed-focus lenses have been made.

</doc>
<doc id="5848530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848530" title="Washes Whiter Than">
Washes Whiter Than

Washes Whiter Than is the third studio album by the Christian rock band Petra. It was released in 1979 amidst major line-up changes that saw all but one of the founding band members leave.
The album features a more mellow style when compared to the band's two previous efforts. Part of the reason for this is that the group wanted to get away from the controversy surrounding the hard rock style of their earlier releases. The softer material on this record achieved greater airplay on Christian radio stations than had their previous albums. This is also the first release to feature singer Greg X. Volz as an official band member. Musician Rob Frazier, who later went on to have a solo career, is also featured as lead vocalist in several of the songs, as well as playing most of the instrumentation together with founder Bob Hartman.
The album was reissued by Star Song Records on a 2-on-1 CD package together with 1981's "Never Say Die". The songs "(Couldn't Find Love) Without You" and "Magic Words" were cut from this edition to save space.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5848532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848532" title="Isis-Urania Temple">
Isis-Urania Temple

The Isis-Urania Temple was initially the first temple of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn. The three founders, Dr. William Robert Woodman, William Wynn Westcott, and Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers, were Freemasons and members of Societas Rosicruciana in Anglia (S.R.I.A.).
History.
In October 1887, Westcott wrote to Anna Sprengel, whose name and address he received through the decoding of the Cipher Manuscripts. A reply was purported to have been received with much wisdom, and honorary grades of Exempt Adept were conferred upon Westcott, Mathers and Woodman, as well as a charter to establish a Golden Dawn temple to work the five grades outlined in the manuscripts.
In 1888, the Isis-Urania temple in London was founded, in which the rituals decoded from the cipher manuscripts were developed and practiced. In addition, there was an insistence on women being allowed to participate in the Order in "perfect equality" with men, which was in contrast to the Societas Rosicruciana in Anglia (S.R.I.A.) and Masonry.
Towards the end of 1899, the Adepts of the Isis-Urania and Amen-Ra temples had become extremely dissatisfied with Mathers' leadership, as well as his growing friendship with Aleister Crowley. They were also anxious to make contact with the Secret Chiefs, instead of dealing with them through Mathers. Among the personal disagreements within the Isis-Urania temple, there were disputes between Florence Farr's "The Sphere", a secret society within the Isis-Urania, and the rest of the Adeptus Minors.
Separation.
After the Isis-Urania temple declared its independence, there were even more disputes, leading to the resignation of William Butler Yeats. A committee of three was to temporarily govern, which included P.W. Bullock, M.W. Blackden and John William Brodie-Innes. After a short time, Bullock resigned, and Dr. Robert Felkin took his place. During this time they fell into conflict with Annie Horniman which led to her leaving the order for good. In May 1903 Brodie Innes attempted to pass a new constitution in which he would become head of the order. He was opposed by a majority of the remaining members led by Arthur Edward Waite, Marcus Blackden and William Alexander Ayton. The Waite group proposed that the order should be reorganised and refocused in a mystical direction retaining control of the Isis-Urania temple, while those wishing to pursue active magical operations should separate. This led a minority under Felkin and Brodie-Innes, and including Yeats, to separate to form the Stella Matutina.
Independent and Rectified Rite of the Golden Dawn.
Waite, Blackden and Ayton were now the leaders of the order which they now named Independent and Rectified Rite of the Golden Dawn or the Holy Order of the Golden Dawn which aimed at exploring mysticism explicitly abandoning magical operations from the beginning. However Blackden and Ayton in fact took no active role leaving Waite in charge. Those who adhered to the reformed order included Arthur Machen, Algernon Blackwood, Pamela Colman Smith, and Isabelle de Steiger. The order also gained an active new member Evelyn Underhill in 1905. After Ayton's death, Col. Webber took his place. Waite continued his Isis-Urania Temple work during the years leading up to World War I and initially maintained a somewhat peaceful relationship with the Amoun Temple of the Stella Matutina though refusing contact with Alpha et Omega. 
The new temple, as Francis King notes, "abandoned all magical work, abolished examination within the Second Order and used heavily revised rituals designed to express a somewhat tortuous Christian mysticism. These revisions were carried out by Waite putting them into action in 1910, and have been described by King as "pompous and long windedness". Waite's alterations to the rituals were partially inspired by his investigations into the origins of the Cipher Manuscripts which began in 1908. Waite concluded that the manuscripts inconsistencies meant they could not reflect genuine ancient Egyptian traditions as had been claimed and in fact had been composed some time in the late nineteenth century. This led to a virulent new dispute between those who accepted Waite's findings and those who did not. These disputes brought Marcus Blackden out of seclusion to argue that the cypher manuscripts represented genuine ancient knowledge transmitted orally via the Egyptian fellaheen. This conflict led Waite to close the temple in 1914 and forming a new order, the Fellowship of the Rosy Cross in complete independence from the Golden Dawn and its offshoots, taking a number of members with him. While R. A. Gilbert backs Waite's explanation for the end of the order King speculates that real reason for the ending of the order was that a number of the Adepts had a strong dislike for Waite's new rituals.

</doc>
<doc id="5848535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848535" title="Choe Su-hon">
Choe Su-hon

Choe Su-hon (also Choe Soo-heon) was the vice foreign minister of North Korea who dealt principally with the DPRK's relations with the European Union. He was replaced in this role in 2005 by Kung Sok Ung. It is unclear what position Choe now holds. 

</doc>
<doc id="5848541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848541" title="2007 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification">
2007 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification

Qualification for the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup determined which 15 teams joined China, the hosts of the 2007 tournament, to play for the Women's World Cup. Europe had 5 qualifying berths, Asia 3.5 berths (including the hosts), North and Central America 2.5 berths, Africa 2 berths, South America 2 berths and Oceania 1 berth. The 16th spot was determined through a play-off match between the third-placed teams in North/Central America and Asia.
Africa.
The 2006 Women's African Football Championship functioned as a qualifying tournament. Originally, this tournament was scheduled to be held in Gabon, but due to "organisational reasons" Gabon withdrew from hosting the competition. 32 teams entered the African Championships and competed for the two available spots, but six withdrew during the qualifying session.
On 7 November 2006, and qualified by virtue of winning their semifinal matches.
Asia.
The 2006 AFC Women's Championship functioned as a qualifying tournament. The tournament was originally scheduled to be held in Japan, but after the Football Federation Australia moved from the Oceania Football Confederation to the Asian Football Confederation, the Australian team entered the qualifying series. They were awarded hosting rights in February 2006. The Championship took place between 16 July 2006 and 30 July 2006. Since , the host nation of Women's World Cup 2007, proceeded to the final, another finalist, and third-placed , were qualified for the World Cup finals. Fourth-placed qualified for a play-off match with , the third-placed team from the 2006 CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup.
Europe.
The 25 teams belonging to the First Category of European women's football were drawn into five groups, from which the group winners qualified for the World Cup finals. The qualifiers concluded on 30 September 2006 with , , , and qualifying.
North America, Central America & Caribbean.
The 2006 Women's Gold Cup acted as qualifier tournament for CONCACAF. The tournament finals took place between 19 November and 26 November 2006. USA and Canada received direct qualifying spots after contesting the final of the 2002 Gold Cup, while four other spots were determined through regional qualifying.
On November 22, 2006, and qualified by virtue of winning their semifinal matches, while qualified for a play-off match with after defeating Jamaica in the 2006 Gold Cup 3rd place match.
Oceania.
One spot was awarded to the winner of the 2007 OFC Women's Championship held 9 April through 13 April 2007 in Papua New Guinea.
South America.
The 2006 Sudamericano Femenino acted as qualifier for CONMEBOL. Originally, a women's football tournament at the 2006 South American Games in Buenos Aires would serve as qualifier tournament, but the South American Games committee scrapped football from the games, forcing the Argentine Football Association to organize a tournament on short notice.
On November 24, qualified by earning six points. qualified on November 26 by defeating Brazil and earning a total of 7, thus winning the tournament.
AFC-CONCACAF Play-off.
"Japan won 3-2 on aggregate and qualified for 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup."
Qualified teams.
The following teams qualified for the tournament:

</doc>
<doc id="5848543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848543" title="Ninja (disambiguation)">
Ninja (disambiguation)

A ninja was a secret agent or mercenary of feudal Japan specializing in unorthodox arts of war.
Ninja may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5848546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848546" title="Reflex finder">
Reflex finder

A reflex finder is a viewfinder system with a mirror placed behind a lens. The light passing through the lens is reflected by the mirror to a focusing screen, usually ground glass. The image formed on this ground glass can be observed directly, giving a "waist-level reflex finder," or through a redressing optical device (set of mirrors or prism) for eye-level viewing, giving an "eye-level reflex finder".
With a reflex finder, you can focus the image on the ground glass and frame your picture at the same time. It is common to find a device on the center of the ground glass to help precise focusing, for example a split-image or a microprism device. Today's reflex cameras usually incorporate autofocusing.
Reflex finders are found in:

</doc>
<doc id="5848556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848556" title="Inocybe">
Inocybe

Inocybe is a large, complex genus of mushrooms. Members of "Inocybe" are mycorrhizal, and some evidence shows that the high degree of speciation in the genus is due to adaptation to different trees and perhaps even local environments.
Description.
Typical mushrooms of the genus are any of various shades of brown, although some lilac or purplish species exist. Caps are small and conical, though flattening somewhat in age, generally with a pronounced raised central knob. The cap often appears fibrous or frayed, giving the genus its common name of "fiber caps". Many species have a distinctive odor, various described as musty or spermatic.
Classification.
Originally placed in the family Cortinariaceae (later shown to be polyphyletic), phylogenetic analyses suggests that the genus is better placed as the type genus of the family Inocybaceae.
Toxicity.
"Inocybe" species are not considered suitable for consumption, although in some underdeveloped countries certain species of "Inocybe" mushrooms are eaten. Many species contain large doses of muscarine, and no easy method of distinguishing them from potentially edible species exists. In fact, "Inocybe" is the most commonly encountered mushroom genus for which microscopic characteristics are the only means of certain identification to the species level. While the vast majority of "Inocybes" are toxic, seven rare species of Inocybe are hallucinogenic, having been found to contain psilocybin including "Inocybe aeruginascens" which also contains aeruginascine (N, N, N-trimethyl-4-phosphoryloxytryptamine).
Species.
There are hundreds of species of "Inocybe". Representatives of the genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="5848574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848574" title="Refugee Advocacy Service of South Australia">
Refugee Advocacy Service of South Australia

Refugee Advocacy Service of South Australia Inc. (RASSA) was a non-profit Community Legal Centre set up in 2002 to represent asylum seekers in the Federal Court of Australia. It has been de-funded and no longer exists.
History.
In April 2002, a group of lawyers from the Woomera Lawyers' Group set up and established the Refugee Advocacy Service of South Australia Inc.. The purpose of the center was to organise and centralise files for the vast number of asylum seekers who had sought, or were seeking, a judicial review of their original decisions in the Federal Court of Australia.
RASSA was originally conceived as a clearing house. However, it was not always able to locate appropriate solicitors. It often went on file as the instructing solicitor. Almost all of the work performed by the service or through the service was on a pro bono basis, with the exception of one employed legal officer or lawyer who worked part-time and one employed administrative officer. A group of lawyers, often comprising board members and other senior lawyers, reviewed each file to determine whether there was a prospect of a case being run. The legal officer and the board, who almost without exception were legally trained, would then seek out pro bono counsel to run the case.
RASSA's purpose was to provide legal representation for asylum seekers in the Federal Court of Australia and to assist asylum seekers in getting their cases remitted back to the Refugee Review Tribunal. RASSA's efforts were frustrated by the Commonwealth Parliament's inclusion of a privative clause into the Migration Act. This clause narrowly restricted the grounds of judicial review.
RASSA survived almost entirely on donations sent in from supportive members of the community or from fund raising events. RASSA was also awarded several grants. The centre also accumulated a number of cost orders which were donated by counsel when granted orders whilst acting for asylum seekers on behalf of the service.
The service was recognised as filling a major gap in legal services to a marginalised minority in a time of acute sensitivity in the Australian community to the issue of refugees.
Founding board members.
A number of South Australian lawyers contributed to assisting refugees (see for example Woomera Lawyers' Group). Some of these lawyers founded RASSA. The original founding board members, those who held office on the executive at various points throughout the first year, were:
Other major contributors.
The service was supported by a wide range of barristers and other people involved in the law. Other people who played a prominent part in the operations of RASSA included:
Activities.
The service provided free representation in the Federal Court of Australia to any detainee who had an arguable case. It represented hundreds of asylum seekers through the pro bono support of members of the South Australian profession. RASSA held fund raising and profile raising events throughout Australia.
It acted on a pro bono basis for refugees in a number of cases, including the following:
UN communications.
RASSA also represented a number of asylum seekers who petitioned the United Nations Human Rights Committee concerning breaches of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) by Australia. In this they had at least two successes, in which Australia was found to have breached the ICCPR by arbitrarily detaining nine men:
Recognition.
RASSA has been discussed in academic papers and covered in domestic and international media.
The service was awarded a special notice from Australian Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5848576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848576" title="2006 African Women's Championship">
2006 African Women's Championship

The 2006 Women's African Football Championship was originally scheduled to be held in Gabon, but due to "organisational reasons" Gabon withdrew from hosting the competition. Nigeria took over hosting rights, hosted the final tournament between October 28 and November 11, and won the tournament after defeating Ghana 1–0 in the final. South Africa's Portia Modise was named Player of the Championship.
Qualifying Tournament.
Eight teams make it through to the main tournament in Nigeria, and the teams played in a single-elimination tournament until eight teams remained for the finals.
First round.
Winners, in bold, progressed to the second round. Matches were played on 11 March and 12 March 2006 (1st leg), and 25 March and 26 March 2006 (2nd leg).
Second round.
Matches took place on 23 July and 6 August. The winners qualify for the final tournament in Nigeria, which will take place from October 28 to November 11.
Final tournament.
First round.
The finals will take place in Warri at Warri Township Stadium. There will be two groups, A and B, with a semi-finals and finals.
Group A.
Equatorial Guinea arrived at Murtala Mohammed Airport in a private chartered plane, which did not have clearance to land. The players were not allowed to disembark for three hours, and despite organising officials trying to remedy the situation, the Equatorial Guinea players apparently left for home, unhappy with the treatment they received by airport officials. However, their first match went ahead on time.
Final match.
25,000 people watched the match, which was described by the BBC as "a drab encounter". Both teams qualified for the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5848580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848580" title="Bucholz Army Airfield">
Bucholz Army Airfield

Bucholz Army Airfield is a United States Army airfield located on Kwajalein Island, Kwajalein Atoll, Marshall Islands. Its position is ideal for refueling during trans-Pacific flights, and the airport is available to civilians through Air Marshall Islands and United Airlines.
Since the entire Kwajalein Island is a military base, non-military passengers on commercial flights are transported to and from the neighboring island of Ebeye, the civilian population center of Kwajalein Atoll.
History.
Bucholz Army Airfield was initially built by the Japanese in 1943 as part of a large naval base. It came under heavy air attacks in late 1943 to neutralize the island. The atoll was assaulted by American forces on 31 January 1944. Employing the hard-learned lessons of the Battle of Tarawa, the United States launched a successful twin assault on the main islands of Kwajalein in the south and Roi-Namur in the north. The Japanese defenders put up a stiff resistance though outnumbered and under-prepared. The determined Japanese defense left only 51 survivors of an original garrison of 3,500.
After the seizure from the Japanese, Kwajalein was developed into a major American base and staging area for further campaigns in the advance on the Japanese homeland. After repairing and expanding the Japanese airfield, the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) moved Headquarters, Seventh Air Force from Nanumea to the airfield in April 1944, and moved the B-24 Liberator-equipped 11th Bombardment Group from Tarawa and 30th Bombardment Group from Abemama to Bucholz at the beginning of April. From Kwajalein, the heavy bombers struck at enemy targets in the Marshall Islands.
Along with the heavy bomber groups, the USAAF reassigned the F-5 (P-38 Lightning)-equipped 28th Photographic Reconnaissance Squadron to Kwajalein to fly long-range photographic missions over the Marshalls and reported directly to Headquarters, Seventh Air Force.
The USAAF combat units remained until fall, 1944 until being moved forwards into the Marianas, being assigned to airfields on Guam and Saipan. The United States then used Kwajalein as a maintenance and supply hub, supplying forward bases with supplies and equipment.
After the war, the United States used Kwajalein as a main command center and preparation base for Operation Crossroads and an extensive series of nuclear tests (comprising a total of 67 blasts) at the Marshalls' atolls of Bikini and Enewetak. Later, in the 1950s and 1960s, Bucholz became part of the Atomic Energy Commission Pacific Testing Area.
Although the Marshall Islands was officially granted independence from the United States, and became an independent republic in 1986, Kwajalein atoll is still used by the United States for missile testing and various other operations. Although this military history has deeply influenced the lives of the Marshall Islanders who have lived in the atoll through the war to the present, the military history of Kwajalein has made tourism almost non-existent and has kept the environment in relatively pristine condition. American civilians and their families who reside at the military installations in Kwajalein are able to enjoy this environment with few restrictions.
As of 2009, Bucholz Army Airfield is still operated by the United States Army. All civil and military operations require 24 hours' prior permission.

</doc>
<doc id="5848584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848584" title="List of University of Santo Tomas people">
List of University of Santo Tomas people

This is a list of notable students, professors, alumni and honorary degree recipients of the University of Santo Tomas, Manila. The following Thomasians were distinguished in various fields such as public service, religion, literary arts, commerce, medicine, among others. The list includes people who have studied at various levels in the university, from elementary up to postgraduate school.
Sportspeople.
The Royal and Pontifical University of Santo Tomas holds the most number of general championships in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines, 39 senior championships titles in 65 seasons. With a formidable athletic program in different sporting events, the University also takes part in various sports leagues such as Filoil Flying V League, Home and Away Invitational League, Collegiate Champion's League, Shakey's V-League and UNIgames; and it continues to produce top-caliber and world-class athletes for the RP National Team.
Noted honorary Thomasians.
Through the years, the University of Santo Tomas has conferred the title of Doctor "honoris causa" (honorary degree) upon exemplary men and women who have contributed to the development of Philippine society through a distinct mark of excellence and leadership in their own fields of endeavor.

</doc>
<doc id="5848586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848586" title="Azizah Y. al-Hibri">
Azizah Y. al-Hibri

Azizah Y. al-Hibri is a professor at the T. C. Williams School of Law, University of Richmond. She is a former professor of Philosophy, founding editor of "Hypatia: a Journal of Feminist Philosophy", and founder and president of KARAMAH: Muslim Women Lawyers for Human Rights. A Fulbright scholar, she has written extensively on issues of Islam and democracy, Muslim women’s rights, and human rights in Islam. She guest-edited a special volume on Islam for the "Journal of Law and Religion". Her recent articles include “An Islamic Perspective on Domestic Violence” ("Fordham International Law Journal", December 2003) and “Redefining Muslim Women’s Roles in the Next Century” (Democracy and the Rule of Law, "Congressional Quarterly", 2001). She was an advisor to the award-winning, PBS-broadcast documentary "" (2002), produced by Unity Productions Foundation. She is currently completing a book on the Islamic marriage contract in American courts. Al-Hibri is a member of the advisory board of various organizations, including the PEW Forum on Religion in Public Life, the Pluralism Project Harvard University, and Religion and Ethics NewsWeekly (PBS). She is also a member of the Constitution Project's Liberty and Security Committee. In June 2011, al-Hibri was appointed by President Barack Obama to serve as a commissioner on the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom.
Al-Hibri is the grandchild of Sheik Toufik El Hibri who established the first scout movement in the Arab world.

</doc>
<doc id="5848587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848587" title="Matt Kinney">
Matt Kinney

Matthew John Kinney (born December 16, 1976 in Bangor, Maine) is a former American professional baseball pitcher. He spent with the Saitama Seibu Lions of Japan's Pacific League. Kinney is a graduate of Bangor High School.
Career.
Kinney was drafted out of Bangor High School in the sixth round of the 1995 amateur draft by the Boston Red Sox. He was traded to the Minnesota Twins along with John Barnes for Orlando Merced and Greg Swindell in July 1998. Kinney made his MLB debut in with the Twins, going 2-2 with a 5.10 ERA in 8 starts. In , he had just a 4.64 ERA with the Minnesota Twins, but went 2-7 that year. He was traded in the 2002 off-season to the Milwaukee Brewers. In and with the Brewers, he combined for a 13-17 record. On August 6, 2004, Kinney was designated for assignment by the Brewers and was claimed off waivers by the Kansas City Royals. He made 11 relief appearances with the Royals that season. During the 2007- offseason, Kinney signed with the Saitama Seibu Lions, playing in Japan for a single season. Kinney returned to the United States in 2009 to play with the Fresno Grizzlies, the AAA affiliate of the San Francisco Giants.
Kinney gave up Barry Bonds' 660th home run, which tied Bonds with his godfather Willie Mays.
On August 24, 2010, while with the Triple-A Fresno Grizzlies of the Pacific Coast League, Kinney received a 50-game suspension after testing positive for an amphetamine, a banned performance-enhancing substance. Kinney took responsibility for the suspension but explained that the amphetamine in question was contained in Adderall, a drug he has been taking since 2005 to treat his attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and was taken for medical reasons, not to boost his on-field performance. The suspension came as a result of his forgetting to file the proper paperwork with Major League Baseball when he signed with the Giants earlier in the year.

</doc>
<doc id="5848589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848589" title="Hal Mitchell">
Hal Mitchell

Hal Dwane Mitchell (August 11, 1930 – November 27, 1993) was a professional American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the New York Giants. He played college football at the University of California, Los Angeles and was drafted in the fourteenth round of the 1952 NFL Draft. Mitchell was also the football head coach at Brigham Young University, where he compiled an 8-22 record.

</doc>
<doc id="5848592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848592" title="Never Say Die (Petra album)">
Never Say Die (Petra album)

Never Say Die is the fourth studio release of the Christian rock band, Petra. It was released in 1981. "The Coloring Song" was a radio hit for the band and sales were higher for this album than the previous. This album set the stage for Petra's success in the 80s and their next few albums duplicated much of the formula, as well as repeated the "guitar" theme on the album cover.
The album is the first to feature new members John Slick and Mark Kelly (keyboards and bass respectively).
StarSong Records later re-issued the album in a 2-CD package together with 1979's "Washes Whiter Than".
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Hartman, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5848605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848605" title="Robert Baird (clergyman)">
Robert Baird (clergyman)

Robert Baird (October 6, 1798 – March 15, 1863) was an American clergyman and author. He was born in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, near Pittsburgh, and graduated at Jefferson College in 1818 and at Princeton Theological Seminary in 1822. He taught at an academy at Princeton, New Jersey for five years while tutoring at the College of New Jersey and preaching occasionally. (In 1824, he helped to create the Chi Phi Society, a semi-religious, semi-literary organization, which ceased activity the following year when it merged with the Philadelphian Society.) In 1827 Baird became a New Jersey agent for the American Bible Society, distributing Bibles among the poor and laboring among destitute Presbyterian churches. His survey of educational deficiencies eventually led to the introduction of a system of public education in New Jersey.
In 1829 Baird became an agent for the American Sunday School Union and traveled extensively for the society. In 1835 he went to Europe, where he remained eight years, devoting himself to the promotion of Protestant Christianity in southern Europe and subsequently to the advocacy of temperance reform in northern Europe. On the formation of the Foreign Evangelical Society, since merged in the American and Foreign Christian Union, he became its agent and corresponding secretary. 
In 1842 while in Geneva, Baird wrote his "Religion in America", first published in Glasgow. Baird revised and expanded this work through several printings in the United States with the edition of 1856 being the most complete. Subsequently the history was translated into French, German, Dutch, and Swedish. In this work of almost seven hundred pages, Baird argued that revivalism was a positive feature of American religious experience. 
In 1846 Baird visited Europe to attend the world's temperance convention in Stockholm and the meeting of the evangelical alliance in London, and on his return he delivered a series of lectures on the "Continent of Europe." In 1862 he vindicated in London before large audiences the cause of the union against secession with vigorous eloquence. Among his other published works are a "View of the Valley of the Mississippi" (1832); "History of the Temperance Societies" (1836); "Visit to Northern Europe" (1841)" "Protestantism in Italy" (Boston, 1845); " Impressions and Experiences of the West Indies and North America in 1849" (Philadelphia, 1850), revised, with a supplement, in 1855; "History of the Albigenses, Waldenses, and Vandois." 
His works include: 

</doc>
<doc id="5848610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848610" title="Mauler (comics)">
Mauler (comics)

Mauler (an acronym for Mobile Armored Utility Laser-guided E-beam, Revised) is a name used by two fictional characters that appear in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The first version appears in "Daredevil" #167 (Nov. 1980) and was created by David Michelinie and Frank Miller. The second character first appears in "Iron Man" #156 (March 1982) and was created by David Michelinie; John Romita, Jr. and Pablo Marcos. 
Publication history.
The Mauler debuted in "Daredevil" #167 (Nov. 1980) although the character died the same issue. The armour was stolen and used by a petty criminal in "Daredevil" #176 (Nov. 1981) before it reappeared (being used by a mercenary) in "Iron Man" #156 (March 1982).
The character reappeared with the armour in "Marvel Team-Up" #136 (Dec. 1983) and "Spectacular Spider-Man" #122 (Jan. 1987) before it was retrieved by Iron Man in "Iron Man" #225 (Dec. 1987). Other significant appearances included "What If?" #8 (Dec. 1989); "Alpha Flight" #113 (Oct. 1992) and "Iron Man" Annual #16 (1995). The Mauler also featured briefly in "Civil War: War Crimes" #1 (Feb. 2007) and "Avengers: The Initiative" #13 (July 2008).
Fictional character biography.
Aaron Soames.
Aaron Soames, the first Mauler, was an elderly, former employee of Cord Conglomerate deprived of his pension benefits by a computer error. Soames stole the prototype suit of Mauler armor in the hopes of punishing Edwin Cord, who was indifferent to Soames' plight. Soames had two skirmishes with the hero Daredevil, and after humiliating Cord by symbolically erasing his existence as well by destroying his driver's license, credit cards and other means of personal identification (he did not intend to do him any actual harm), he was killed with advanced weaponry by Cord's men. Daredevil was one of the few mourners at Soames' funeral.
Turk Barrett.
The Mauler armor reappears when small-time criminal steals the armor and attempts to kill Daredevil. Barrett is defeated in seconds by Daredevil.
Brendan Doyle.
Later, Mercenary Brendan Doyle is hired by the now imprisoned Edwin Cord to steal the armor from Stark International (the company of Iron Man's alter ego Tony Stark) and destroy all records of the suit design and history. Although successful in stealing the suit, Doyle is prevented from reaching the records by former comrade Jim Rhodes, and decides to keep the suit. As a soldier for hire, Doyle battles the heroes Spider-Man and Wonder Man and encounters Spider-Man once again while trying to retrieve his infant son. Doyle reappears during the Armor Wars when the Mauler armour confiscated by the hero (who is tracking down technology based on his stolen designs).
Doyle eventually gains a new suit of Mauler armor and battles Canadian superhero team "Alpha Flight". Jim Rhodes briefly impersonates the Mauler. Doyle returns during the Civil War caused by the Superhuman Registration Act, and encounters superhero team the Avengers.
Brendan Doyle is later recruited by Mandarin and Zeke Stane to join the other Iron Man villains in a plot to take down Iron Man.
Mauler IV.
Roderick Kingsley later sold one of the Mauler armors to an unnamed criminal. Mauler IV is seen on Roderick Kingsley's side at the time when Hobgoblin (who was actually Roderick Kingsley's butler Claude) was leading his forces into attacking the Goblin King's Goblin Underground. After Hobgoblin was killed by Goblin King, Mauler IV was among the villains that defected to the Goblin Underground.
Powers and abilities.
The Mauler armor provides heavy protection from physical and energy-based attacks, boosts the wearer's strength and courtesy of turbines allows flight. In addition to internal life support systems, a laser cannon that doubles as an electron particle gun is mounted on the left arm. The right palm of the armor can also generate a high-frequency electric shock.

</doc>
<doc id="5848616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848616" title="Microsurgeon">
Microsurgeon

Microsurgeon can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5848631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848631" title="Edith Bliss">
Edith Bliss

Edith Bliss (28 September 1959 – 3 May 2012) was an Australian singer and television presenter.
She was born Eda Bliss in Brisbane, Queensland, and studied at the University of Queensland before moving to Sydney in 1979. There she initially worked as manager of an upmarket shoe store. In 1979, she reportedly accompanied a friend to provide moral support at a singing audition, and she was asked to also audition. She did, and won a contract with ATV Northern Publishing. Under the supervision of Chris Gilbey she began recording. Later that year she released her debut single "If It's Love You Want" on the Grundy Organisation "GO" label. She subsequently recorded two more singles, "Heart of Stone" and "Two Single Beds", before releasing the album "Sheer Bliss", in 1980. "If It's Love You Want", released in November 1979, was written by Allan Caswell and Brian Caswell.
On the verge of releasing a new single, written by Steve Kilbey of The Church, Bliss opted for a career in television. She was employed as a reporter on the children's series "Simon Townsend's Wonder World" which began in 1979. In 1984 Bliss and another reporter, Phillip Tanner, reported from Rome for "Wonder World".
Bliss later married "Wonder World" sound mixer, Mark Tanner; they had four children, Eden, Madison, Harrison and Lawson. In 2006, she appeared (under her married name) as a contestant on the final episode of game show "Wheel of Fortune", and won.
She also appeared on "Where Are They Now" on the Seven Network, for a "Wonder World" reunion in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5848639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848639" title="2007 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification (UEFA)">
2007 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification (UEFA)

In the UEFA qualification for the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup, the 25 teams belonging to the First Category of European women's football were drawn into five groups, from which the group winners qualified for the World Cup finals. The qualifiers begun on 9 July 2005 and concluded on 30 September 2006, with five teams qualified: Denmark, England, Germany, Norway and Sweden. Of these, the latter three had qualified for the 2003 World Cup, while Denmark and England qualified over France (second in England's group) and Russia (second in Germany's group).
Second Category.
Teams in this Category had no chance to qualify to the World Cup.
Group 6.
Armenia and Lithuania withdrew.
Group 7.
Azerbaijan withdrew.

</doc>
<doc id="5848645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848645" title="Moldovan Orthodox Church">
Moldovan Orthodox Church

The Moldovan Orthodox Church (; ) or Metropolis of Chișinău and All Moldova (Romanian: Mitropolia Chișinăului și a întregii Moldove; Russian: Кишинёвско-Молда́вская митропо́лия) is an self-governing church under the Russian Orthodox Church. Its canonical territory is the Republic of Moldova.
The Church of Moldova is the largest church in Moldova, with all Orthodox Christians in the country belonging either to the Moldovan Orthodox Church, or to the Metropolis of Bessarabia, a metropolitanate of the Romanian Orthodox Church. In the 2005 census in Moldova 3,158,015 people or 95.5% of those declaring a religion claimed to be Eastern Orthodox Christians.
The head of the Moldovan Orthodox Church is Metropolitan Vladimir (Canterean), who is a permanent member of the Holy Synod of the Russian Orthodox Church.
History.
It is believed that Orthodox Christianity was first brought to Romania and Moldova by the Apostle Andrew. Be that as it may, by the 1300s the Orthodox Church in Moldavia—today northeastern Romania, Moldova, and southwestern Ukraine—was under the authority of the Metropolitan of Galicia in modern-day western Ukraine. In 1391, however, the Patriarchate of Constantinople, which had jurisdiction over the region, elected a metropolitan for Moldavia specifically (Metropolis of Moldavia). By the 1400s this metropolitan was elected by the autocephalous Church of Ohrid, but following the abolition of the latter it returned to the jurisdiction of the Church of Constantinople. During this time, in the 1600s, the churches in Moldavia transitioned from using Slavonic to Romanian.
In 1812, the eastern half of Moldavia (renamed Bessarabia)—roughly corresponding to the Republic of Moldova and the Ukrainian district of Budjak—was annexed by the Russian Empire, which placed the Orthodox Church in this territory under the jurisdiction of the Russian Orthodox Church, which in 1813 established the Eparchy of Kishinev (Chișinău) and Hotin under Metropolitan Gavril (Bănulescu-Bodoni) to care for the region's Orthodox Christians. Orthodoxy in Bessarabia remained under the Russian Orthodox Church until the region's union with Romania in 1918, at which point the Eparchy of Kishinev, dependent on the Moscow Patriarchate, ceased its activity, while the Holy Synod of the Romanian Orthodox Church set up the Archdiocese of Chișinău.
In 1922, the Holy Synod of the Romanian Orthodox Church set up two more dioceses in Bessarabia—the Diocese of Hotin, seated in Bălţi, and the Diocese of the Cetatea Albă, seated in Ismail—and, in 1927, the Orthodox Church in Bessarabia was raised to the rank of the Metropolis of Bessarabia.
Following the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, the Soviet Union annexed Bessarabia and proclaimed Moldavian SSR. The Metropolis of Bessarabia was forced to interrupt its activity. In the same period of time, the Moscow Patriarchate of the Russian Orthodox Church established on the territory of the new soviet republic a new Diocese of Kishinev. In 1990, the Orthodox Church was raised to the rank of the Archdiocese.
A year after the independence from the USSR as the Republic of Moldova in 1991, the Russian Orthodox Church granted autonomy to the Orthodox Church in the new country, as the Moldovan Orthodox Church, and raised the rank of the Archdiocese to the Metropolis of Chișinău and All Moldova.
Structure and organization.
The Moldovan Orthodox Church claims exclusive jurisdiction over the Orthodox Church in Moldova, although this is contested by the Romanian Orthodox Church and its Metropolis of Bessarabia. The Church of Moldova currently consists of five eparchies or dioceses: Bălți and Făleşti under Bishop Marcellus (Mihaescu), Cahul and Comrat under Bishop Anatolius (Botnari), Chișinău under Metropolitan Vladimir (Canterean), Edineț and Briceni under Bishop Nicodemus (Vulpe), Tiraspol and Dubăsari under Archbishop Sabbas (Volkov), and Ungheni and Nisporeni under Bishop Peter (Musteata). As of 2010 the Church of Moldova had 1,231 parishes, 46 monasteries, 9 sketes, a theological academy, and two theological seminaries served by 6 hierarchs, 1,395 priests, and 107 deacons.
Since the grant of autonomy to the Moldovan Orthodox Church by the Moscow Patriarchate the Church has administered its local affairs through a local synod chaired by its primate, the Metropolitan of Chisinau and All Moldova, and consisting of the primate and the Church's eparchial or diocesan bishops.
Relations with the Metropolis of Bessarabia.
In the lead-up to the independence of Moldova, the Romanian Orthodox Church reactivated the interwar Metropolis of Bessarabia, granted it autonomy, and gave it authority over the Republic of Moldova and areas in southwestern Ukraine with Romanian populations. The Metropolis was started in 1992 by the Moldovan Orthodox Bishop of Bălți, Petru (Păduraru). In 2006, the Supreme Court of Justice of Moldova recognised the Autonomous Metropolis of Bessarabia, as "historical, canonical and spiritual successor of the Metropolis of Bessarabia which functioned until 1944 including".
The Metropolis of Bessarabia had 84 parishes in Moldova at the time of its organization, and is considered a schismatic organization by the Moldovan Orthodox Church and its mother, the Russian Orthodox Church. On the other hand, the Romanian Orthodox Church is in favour of a "peaceful coexistence and brotherly cooperation between the two Orthodox Metropolis depending on the two sister Orthodox Patriarchies".

</doc>
<doc id="5848652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848652" title="F. A. Dry">
F. A. Dry

F. A. Dry (born September 2, 1931) is a former American football coach. He was the head football coach for the University of Tulsa from 1972 to 1976. During his tenure there, he compiled a 31–18–1 record. After four straight Missouri Valley Conference championships Dry departed for Texas Christian University (TCU), where he compiled a 12–51–3 record.
Dry played football at Oklahoma A&M, now Oklahoma State University, from 1950 to 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="5848656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848656" title="Shotgun Messiah (album)">
Shotgun Messiah (album)

Shotgun Messiah is the self-titled first album from hard rock group Shotgun Messiah, released in 1989 on Relativity Records.
Personnel.
Additional musicians: Tord Jacobsson drums on "The Explorer".
Produced by Harry Cody and Tim Tim.
Assistant Producers & (1st) Engineers: Bill Freesh & Matt Olausson.
Studios: CCM, KMH, Can AM
Notes: The CD and Tape included a Shotgun Messiah Stencil.

</doc>
<doc id="5848659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848659" title="Claude de la Sengle">
Claude de la Sengle

Fra' Claude de la Sengle (1494 – 18 August 1557) was the 48th Grand Master of the Order of Malta, from 1553 his death. His successor was Fra' Jean Parisot de Valette.
A native Frenchman, de la Sengle, then Bailli of the French tongue of the Order, was heavily involved in the battles of the Knights against the Turkish corsair and Ottoman admiral Turgut Reis in the Mediterranean and in North Africa, and particularly in the struggles for Djerba and Tripoli.
De la Sengle had considerable impact on the military strengthening of Malta, notably by initiating in 1554 the development of the city of Senglea, which was later named after him and bears his coat of arms. He also expanded Fort Saint Michael into a major bastion and completed Fort Saint Elmo, which had been begun by his predecessor, Grand Master Juan de Homedes y Coscon.
De la Sengle died at Mdina on 18 August 1557 and was buried in the chapel of Fort St. Angelo. His heart was buried in the Church of the Annunciation, outside Rabat on Malta.

</doc>
<doc id="5848660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848660" title="Prescription (sovereignty transfer)">
Prescription (sovereignty transfer)

In law, prescription is the method of sovereignty transfer of a territory through international law analogous to the common law doctrine of adverse possession for private real-estate. Prescription involves the open encroachment by the new sovereign upon the territory in question for a prolonged period of time, acting as the sovereign, without protest or other contest by the original sovereign. This doctrine legalizes "de jure" the "de facto" transfer of sovereignty caused in part by the original sovereign's extended negligence and/or neglect of the area in question. 
Acquiring a piece of movable or immovable property by prescription is known as "acquisitive prescription" while losing property or a right is known as "extinctive prescription".

</doc>
<doc id="5848663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848663" title="Milnet.ca">
Milnet.ca

Milnet.ca is a website privately owned by former officer Mike Bobbitt which serves mainly as an online discussion group regarding the Canadian Forces.
The site has been in operation since 1993, but up until 2007 it went by the name Army.ca and CdnArmy.ca. The site offers two levels of membership for registered users. Free registration is mandatory to participate in forum discussions, while paid subscription provides access to a private forum as well as entitlement to a complimentary numbered Army.ca challenge coin and a t-shirt.
Overview.
The site consists of discussion forums, real time chat, information pages and a wiki for various topics relevant to the current Canadian military, as well as sections on current foreign militaries and historical information on the Canadian Army. The site has received passing mention in news articles in various media including radio, television, and print. and it is believed senior leadership of the Canadian Forces may monitor the site.
The site's proclaimed goal is to be a source of information regarding the Canadian Forces, and members of the Canadian Forces have declared themselves to be among the membership. 
Monitoring of army.ca by print and television journalists has become evident through their use of quotes from postings on the site, such as "The Hill Times", an independently-owned weekly newspaper covering Canadian federal politics and government. Army.ca also publishes its own editorial content, and has received guest editorials by former Canadian Liberal Member of Parliament Carolyn Parrish, and historian Dr Jack Granatstein.
Army.ca has been listed by Library and Archives Canada as a general research website and has been listed on the web site of the Canadian Museum of Civilization and Canadian War Museum among their listed reference sites for "Military and naval history - Canada." Army.ca has also been listed among other military websites by the online learning centre geometry.net
History.
The site originated in 1993 as The Canadian Army Home Page (Unofficial). For many years, the site was run as CdnArmy.ca, until the Army.ca domain was obtained. The most recent evolution of the site occurred in 2007 when it transformed into Milnet.ca, which actually consists of four similarly styled sites differentiated by colour schemes reflective of Canada's three environmental commands. The Milnet.ca family of sites consists of:
Registered users.
In May 2010 the site listed 25,900+ registered users, not counting deleted inactive accounts. Registration offers two abilities; to post messages to the forum, and to send private messages to other registered users. All site content available to regular registered users is also available to non-registered users. Approximately 11,600 of the over 25,900+ registered users have posted messages to the forum; and over 3,800 users have posted more than 10 times.
Official notice.
For a brief period, an official web forum established by the Canadian Army experienced difficulties maintaining a stable forum capability and on at least one occasion referred viewers to the army.ca forum as an alternative.
The level of activity by Canadian Forces members at Army.ca has been given passing mention in at least one professional publication, the "Canadian Army Journal". In his article "The Blogs of War", Major Andrew Godefroy, CD, PhD, speculated that "if only half of those registered at Army.ca were currently serving soldiers, it could suggest that as much as 13% of the total Army (regular force and reserve) might be members of just this one website." This was published at a time when Army.ca had 7993 registered members (though only about 50% of registered users have actively participated in the forums). The number of actual military users of the site has never been formally established, and due to the anonymous nature of participation there, such a determination is not likely to be made. It is known that large numbers of persons identifying themselves as civilians frequent the site.
The Army.ca forum was described as a "top-notch weblog" (sic) among "excellent discussion forums in Canada" by retired Commodore Eric Lehre while speaking to the Canadian House of Commons Standing Committee on National Defence and Veterans Affairs (SCONDVA) on October 20, 2005.
Resources.
Army.ca is an online source of current information on the Canadian Forces. Due to the participation of serving and retired military service personnel, inquiries to the site can receive advice based on personal experience and first-hand knowledge. The site's mission statement reads in part: "... Army.ca attempts to provide accurate and timely information of interest to serving and potential members of the CF, however any information obtained from this page comes "as is" and accuracy cannot be guaranteed." 
Although the site is under civilian ownership, participants are strongly encouraged to include their actual military experience and qualifications in their profiles. Posters are free to use pseudonyms, however, and there is a general agreement not to use rank to weight the merits of contributions. Arguably, this mixture of anonymity and accountability fosters the best conditions for a discourse free of the constraints of rank structure but allowing for military experience to be considered in considering the merit of individual contributions.
In particular, army.ca features resources for discussion of the recruiting process, trades in the Canadian Military (with specific separate boards for infantry, artillery, armour, engineers, communication and electronics, military police and support trades among others. Forum boards for posts on Navy and Air Force topics of interest, including sub-boards for individual services and Special Operations Command, are also maintained. There are also separate boards for current military news as well as domestic and international political discussions. A forum called "Radio Chatter" allows for free off-topic discussions.
A large variety of FAQs threads have been created for the convenience of new members, and the advanced search function enables effective searches for recent information of subjects within only those boards of the forum that may contain the most relevant responses.
Army.ca is also unique among Canadian military forums in being one of only a few to have a French language forum, in this case consisting of eight separate boards.
Relations with mainstream media.
Army.ca has on one occasion drawn negative attention to itself from a journalist of the mainstream (print) media. In March 2002, a poster claiming to be journalist David Pugliese felt obligated to register at the site in order to defend himself against what he saw as undue criticism and personal attacks by army.ca posters dubious about his writings on the highly secret Joint Task Force 2.
In September 2004, some forum posters expressed the belief that writer Scott Taylor had faked his recent capture in Iraq, other posters in the same thread balanced those comments with advice that there was no evidence to counter his claims.
At times, army.ca has also expressed official criticism of the media in general through the release of editorials as well as public comments by site administrators. For example, in July 2006 print articles reacting to the death of Corporal Tony Boneca in Afghanistan drew the ire of the site. An editorial by the site's Ruxted Group stated:
A forum moderator, responding to the site's own editorial, further stated:
Between May 17 and June 30, 2007, when an anti-war group in Quebec was distributing letters to soldiers at CFB Valcartier about to deploy to Afghanistan, encouraging them to desert, a lengthy discussion of the contents of the letter and the group's tactics ensued on Army.ca. The discussion also included postings from people claiming to be the organization distributing the letters. The National Post included some of the commentary in a story on June 12:
Security risks.
In September 2006, the Chief of the Defence Staff (Canada's highest ranking soldier) singled out web logs and internet forums as a significant potential security risk, fearing that "troops may be revealing sensitive details of military operations through their internet activities, potentially jeopardizing missions as well as the lives of personnel or their families." The CDS directed soldiers to clear any internet postings "however innocuous" with their chain of command. Posters at army.ca publicly inferred that the comments referred directly to their website, though the CDS did not name any specific blogs or sites. Army.ca is only one of many web forums to which Canadian Forces personnel have been known to post current information.
The Ruxted Group.
By 2006, a feeling that military matters were being poorly presented in the mainstream media led to the creation of the Ruxted Group – a semi-anonymous consortium that began to publish editorials at army.ca through which Ruxted invites responding commentary from the army.ca readership. Army.ca disclaims the Ruxted Group articles such that the ".. materials are provided "as is" and Army.ca assumes no responsibility for any typographical or other inaccuracies in the document... Reasonable efforts are taken by The Ruxted Group to ensure that the factual representations in the materials are accurate at the time the materials are submitted to Army.ca for publication. ” The Ruxted editorials to date have not drawn negative reaction from the mainstream media though some blogs, discussion sites and minor media outlets have made mention of the group’s work. 
In 2006 The Ruxted Group and Army.ca separated, although the two are still closely aligned a functional and practical division has allowed each organization to focus on its own area of expertise. The Ruxted Group maintains its focus on correcting public knowledge and perception about the Canadian military through the blog's editorial style.
The Ruxted Group ceased publication on its website in January 2009 after attracting few public comments to its editorials.

</doc>
<doc id="5848668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848668" title="Ian C. Thomas">
Ian C. Thomas

Ian C. Thomas (born 1963), aka Ian T., is a long-term Australian comics artist and cartoonist. He created Australia's first minicomic (in 1978), produced "Maelstrom" (1982) and contributed to the early Australian anthology "Reverie", as well as a comic strip in Melbourne newspaper "City Extra". 
Ian T's recent work has appeared widely in Australian comics, including "OzTAKU" ("Moth & Tanuki" black-and-white series), "The Ink" music comic, "Xuan Xuan", "Pirates", " Tango", literary journal "Going Down Swinging", and the books "Operation Funnybone", and "Beginnings" (2012). Among other comics, he drew Dillon Naylor's "Rock 'N' Roll Fairies" for "Total Girl" magazine (Sept. 2005-Aug. 2006) and a "Moth & Tanuki" color series for "Mania" magazine (Jan.-Summer 2007).
He is a professional member of the Australian Cartoonists' Association [http://cartoonists.org.au/portfolio/ian-c.-thomas].

</doc>
<doc id="5848688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848688" title="List of attractions in Ottawa">
List of attractions in Ottawa

The following is a list of attractions in Ottawa and surrounding area.
Permanent Attractions.
Notable Buildings and Private Areas.
Some of these places allow members of the public to visit, but are not completely open to everyone.
Map of major buildings.
A map of downtown Ottawa, including parts of Lower Town, Sandy Hill, and downtown Hull.<br>
Click on the stars to read articles on individual buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5848697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848697" title="Holcomb Observatory and Planetarium">
Holcomb Observatory and Planetarium

Holcomb Observatory and Planetarium is a part of Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana. A small observatory was built on the Butler campus on the east side of Indianapolis. The campus moved to the north side of Indianapolis in 1928 and the old observatory was torn down.
The telescope was reconditioned in the 1930s and remounted on the new campus, but sat unused until 1945. 
In 1953, benefactor James Irving Holcomb and his wife gave $325,000 for the construction of an observatory. In October 1954, a reflecting telescope was installed by J. W. Fecker, Inc. The observatory was built on a hill on the north end of the Butler University campus.
Planetarium equipment includes a Spitz A3P projector installed in 1981.
The telescope was refurbished over 7 years beginning in 1995 by AB Engineering of Fort Wayne, Indiana at a cost of approximately $100,000.

</doc>
<doc id="5848700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848700" title="Jim Holloway (climber)">
Jim Holloway (climber)

Jim Holloway (born 1954), an American, was one of the first of a new generation of boulderers for whom the sport was a lifestyle rather than a recreation. He began bouldering in the early 1970s in Boulder, Colorado, and in 1973 established his first notable route, "Just Right" (so named because it fit his very tall frame). In 1975 he put up "Trice" (aka: AHR - Another Holloway Route) – at today's grade of V11 or V12, exceptionally difficult for the 1970s.
John Sherman's V-System didn't come into existence for another fifteen years. In an effort to rate his routes Jim devised a personal variant on the old Gill B-System (which had only two or three levels of difficulty, depending upon one's interpretation of it). For Holloway, difficulty fell into three categories: JHE (Jim Holloway easy), JHM (Jim Holloway medium), and JHH (Jim Holloway hard). 
Holloway was one of the first boulderers to devote more than a few hours to creating a particular route. In the mid-1970s he began visiting Horsetooth Reservoir in Fort Collins, Colorado, where John Gill and his friend Rich Borgman had established a Dakota sandstone bouldering area. Gill's problems there, having been fashioned in a matter of minutes or hours, were far easier than the standards Jim was setting, clearly demonstrating the change in bouldering philosophy that was taking place. As an example, Holloway worked on creating a line directly up Gill's "Left Eliminator", which had been done from the side. Calling his project "Meathook", he worked the problem for "twenty days", during 1974 and 1975, before finally getting up. A challenging undercling on the fingertips was a key obstacle, and Jim used an artificial contrivance in his home – a simulator – to train for the move. Fifteen years later Wolfgang Güllich would use his "campus boards" in a similar way to train for "Action Directe". "Meathook" was perhaps V12 - for Jim, JHH - whereas most of the problems at Horsetooth were in the V3 to V7 range. 
In 1977, Holloway climbed "Slapshot", on Dinosaur Mountain near Boulder. This challenge may very well be unrepeated as of 2006.
Jim's bouldering companions during the 1970s included Jim Michaels, Bob Williams & John Gill - from whom he learned dynamic techniques - Pat Ament, Chris Jones, and Scott Blunk. Holloway stopped bouldering about 1980, and became involved in bicycle racing. 
Thirty-two years after its first ascent, Trice was finally repeated. On the 15th of November 2007 Carlo Traversi and Jamie Emerson made the 2nd and 3rd ascents of 'Trice' giving it the grade of V12 (or B2+ on the Gill-scale). The problem was further climbed by James Pearson and Daniel Woods in December 2007, by Dave Graham in January 2008, by Seth Allred in February 2008, and by Giovanni Traversi in March 2008. In October of 2008 after 4 days of effort Alex Puccio made the first female ascent (FFA) of Trice. She then repeated the problem twice for cameras, meaning she climbed Trice thrice. 

</doc>
<doc id="5848722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848722" title="Richard Thomas Baker">
Richard Thomas Baker

Richard Thomas Baker (1 December 1854 – 14 July 1941) was an Australian economic botanist, museum curator and educator.
Early life.
Baker was born in Woolwich, England, son of Richard Thomas Baker, a blacksmith, and his wife Sarah, née Colkett. The boy was educated at Woolwich National School and Peterborough Training Institution, later gaining science and art certificates from South Kensington Museum.
He was engaged as a senior assistant-master by the School Board for London in 1875 but resigned in July 1879 to emigrate to Australia.
Career in Australia.
Baker arrived in Australia in September 1879 and joined the staff of Newington College, Sydney, as science and art master in June 1880.
On 15 January 1888 Baker was appointed assistant curator to Joseph Henry Maiden at the Technological Museum, and in 1901 succeeded Maiden as curator and economic botanist. In 1902 Baker published an important work, "A Research on the Eucalypts especially in regard to their essential oils", prepared in collaboration with Henry George Smith, second and enlarged edition, 1920.
Baker published a small book, "Building and Ornamental Stones of New South Wales" (1908), and, again in collaboration with Henry Smith, another valuable piece of research, "A Research on the Pines of Australia" (1910). In 1913 "Cabinet Timbers of Australia" appeared, and in 1915 two more books "Building and Ornamental Stones of Australia", and "Australian Flora in Applied Art". An important work, "The Hardwoods of Australia and their Economics", was published with many illustrations in 1919. Baker retired from the Technological Museum on 30 June 1921. With H. G. Smith he published "Woodfibres of Some Australian Timbers" (1924).
Baker was lecturer on forestry at the University of Sydney 1913–1925, was a member of the Royal and Linnean Societies of New South Wales, and published over 100 papers in their journals. He was a member of the council of the Linnean Society 1897–1922. 
Later life and legacy.
Baker was awarded the von Mueller medal by the Australian and New Zealand Association for the Advancement of Science in 1921, and the Clarke Medal of the Royal Society of New South Wales in 1922. He collected both old and modern china and in 1938 joined the Royal Australian Historical Society. Baker died at Cheltenham, New South Wales on 14 July 1941 and was buried in Rookwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5848725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848725" title="Susanna Blunt">
Susanna Blunt

Susanna Blunt is a Canadian portrait artist who designed the most recent portrait of Queen Elizabeth II on the current Canadian coinage, which began in 2003. She was born in Harbin, China, the daughter of an English banker. Blunt started her studies at the Banff School of Fine Arts as a young teenager. After finishing high school she had a year of private lessons in Victoria, British Columbia. She moved to London, England and did four years of art school, then won a scholarship to the Royal Academy for another four years, during which she won several awards and a silver medal. 
The year before graduating she held her first one-woman show at the now-defunct Canadian Art Gallery in Calgary, Alberta, and then returned to England to complete the work for her diploma.
Teaching Career.
The following year she worked with Yoko Ono, assisting her with various art projects and was invited with David Hockney to jury a national art competition. She then moved to California and started a teaching career, living in the San Francisco Bay area for three years before returning to Vancouver, where she continued teaching in both private and public institutions, including three years on the faculty of the Fine Arts Department at the University of British Columbia.
Artwork.
She became known for her "trompe l'oeil" paintings and designed the optical illusion room for the Science World museum in Vancouver in 1988. Between 1991 and 1992, while living in France she took part in five shows, group and solo, winning an award in an international competition.
She is widely acclaimed by a large international clientele whose members have commissioned her to paint their portraits and collected her other works in the United States of America, England, Scotland, Belgium, the Netherlands, Sweden, France, Italy, Austria, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, South Africa and Australia. Among the well-known people she has painted are Toni Onley, painter, Vancouver; George Woodcock, author, Vancouver; Stanley Donen, film producer, Los Angeles; and Steven Isserlis, Cellist, London.
She was chosen in a nationwide competition by Gerda Hnatyshyn, wife of Governor General Ramon Hnatyshyn, to paint her portrait for Rideau Hall in Ottawa, Ontario. In 1997, she painted and personally delivered to Buckingham Palace a portrait of Prince Edward. 
Blunt was invited by the Canadian Mint to join eight other artists in a nationwide competition for a new portrait of Queen Elizabeth II to be used on Canadian coins. The Mint knew of her work, particularly the Hnatyshyn portrait mentioned above. Blunt created the image from a photograph of the Queen.
External links.
Most of this information is taken from her website. Used with permission.

</doc>
<doc id="5848727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848727" title="Muhammad (book)">
Muhammad (book)

Muhammad (ISBN 1-56584-752-0) is a secular biography of the Islamic prophet written by prominent French non-Muslim Islamic scholar Maxime Rodinson in 1961. It focuses on materialist conditions of emergence of Islam.
In Egypt, the book was in the middle of censorship controversies in 1998 and its publisher, the American University in Cairo had been forced to stop to publish it.

</doc>
<doc id="5848734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848734" title="Gabe">
Gabe

Gabe may refer to:
Gabe may refer to the surname:
Gabe may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5848752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848752" title="Clement Payne">
Clement Payne

Clement Osbourne Payne (1904 – 7 April 1941) was a Trinidad-born pioneer in the Caribbean trade union movement. By an act of Parliament in 1998, Payne was named as one of the ten National Heroes of Barbados.
Biography.
Payne was born in Trinidad in 1904 to Barbadian parents who moved back to Barbados when he was four years old. Payne attended Bay Street Boys' School, and subsequentlyworked for some years as a junior clerk. In 1927 he returned to Trinidad, where as an advocate of social justice he was involved with the growth of militant trade unionism.
In Bridgetown, capital of Barbados, in 1937, Payne led black Barbadians to resist the white planter class. He organized several public meetings and aroused the ire of the police and government. Payne was expelled from Barbados in July of that year on the basis that he had lied to enter the country. Payne was under the impression that he was a Barbadian citizen, not knowing that he was born in Trinidad to Barbadian parents. Authorities secreted Payne onto a boat in the early morning to Trinidad. After Payne was deported, four days of rioting ensued, during which stores were burned and looted and cars pushed into the sea. The police opened fire, killing 14 demonstrators and wounding 47. The rioting led to a Commission of Inquiry (the Moyne Commission) to investigate the situation in Barbados and other British West Indies colonies. The Moyne Commission determined that all of his charges against the island's rulers were accurate. In its report, it insisted on reforms that Payne had proposed, including the introduction of trade union legislation.
Payne died at the age of 37 in 1941.
Legacy.
The Clement Payne Movement is a leftist Barbadian political party named after Payne.
The Clement Payne Cultural Centre was set up in Barbados in 1989 to perpetuate his memory and to continue his work of enlightening Barbadians about their history and struggle. There is a Clement Payne Memorial Bust in Golden Square, Bridgetown.

</doc>
<doc id="5848754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848754" title="Tom Holmoe">
Tom Holmoe

Thomas Allen Holmoe (born March 7, 1960) is the current athletic director at Brigham Young University. He is a former college and professional American football defensive back and coach.
College.
Holmoe starred in both basketball and football at Crescenta Valley High School in La Crescenta, California. He accepted a football scholarship to Brigham Young University, where he played as a cornerback and safety from 1978-1982. As a sophomore in 1980, he led the Western Athletic Conference with seven interceptions, and went on to earn all-WAC honors as a senior in 1982. The Cougars won the conference championship in each of his four seasons at the school.
Professional.
Holmoe was drafted in the fourth round of the 1983 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers. He played seven seasons for the 49ers, winning Super Bowls with the team in 1984, 1988 and 1989, before retiring due to a knee injury.
Coaching.
After retiring from pro football, Holmoe entered the coaching ranks, having been urged by LaVell Edwards to return to BYU as a graduate assistant. In 1992, Holmoe accepted an offer from Bill Walsh to join his staff at Stanford University as the defensive backs coach. Holmoe remained at Stanford for two seasons, helping the Cardinal become the Pac-10 co-conference champions in 1992 with a 10-3 overall record, including a win over Penn State in the Blockbuster Bowl.
Holmoe then returned to the 49ers, serving as George Seifert's defensive backfield coach for two seasons, where he coached such players as Deion Sanders, Merton Hanks and Eric Davis. As defensive backfield coach, he won a fourth Super Bowl in 1994. In 1996, Holmoe joined the University of California, Berkeley staff as defensive coordinator under Steve Mariucci.
Following Mariucci's departure to the NFL in 1997, Holmoe was named his successor. Holmoe, by his own admission, was an unsuccessful coach. During his five-year tenure at Cal, he compiled a 16-39 record, including a 9-31 record in Pac-10 play and a 1-10 season in 2001, the worst in the Golden Bears' history. Holmoe went 0-5 against archrival Stanford and failed to reach a bowl game as head coach. Holmoe resigned at the end of the 2001 season.
Shortly afterward, the Bears were found guilty of major NCAA violations when it emerged that a professor retroactively added two football players to a class he had taught the previous spring in order to keep them eligible. Athletic department officials knew that the players were ineligible, but did not disclose it to anyone. As a result, the NCAA slapped Cal with five years' probation, stripped the Bears of their four victories from the 1999 season, banned them from postseason play in 2002 and took away nine scholarships over four years. When Jeff Tedford led the Bears to a 7-5 record in 2002, they were not allowed to play in a bowl game.
Athletic administration.
After resigning from Cal, Holmoe returned to Brigham Young to serve as Associate Athletic Director. In March 2005, he was appointed the 12th Athletic Director of the University, and the first to oversee both men's and women's athletics. Under his leadership, the Cougars have achieved enormous success, winning 14 conference championships in the 2006-2007 academic year alone. Holmoe has had particular success with his two most conspicuous coaching hires, BYU head football coach Bronco Mendenhall, who has led BYU's football team back to national prominence, and head men's basketball coach Dave Rose, who has returned BYU's men's basketball team to consistent Mountain West Conference championships and NCAA tournament appearances.
Personal.
Holmoe is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He lives in Provo, Utah, with his wife Lori and their four children. Holmoe's brother Steve, a physical education teacher and assistant football coach at Glendale High School, was a strong safety at UCLA before sustaining a career-ending injury.

</doc>
<doc id="5848756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848756" title="VAX Macro">
VAX Macro

VAX Macro is the computer assembly language implementing the instruction set for the line of CPUs designed to run the OpenVMS operating system created by Digital Equipment Corporation in 1977. OpenVMS now belongs to Hewlett-Packard.
The syntax, directives, macro language, and lexical substitution operators of VAX Macro previously appeared in Macro-11, the assembler for the PDP-11 series of computers. VAX Macro or, as it was also known, Macro-32, supported the VAX processors developed and manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation. It ran under the VAX/VMS operating system and produced object files suitable for the VAX/VMS linker. The Macro-32 assembler (and the linker) were bundled with the operating system. 
With the advent of the 64-bit Alpha AXP chip, VAX Macro essentially became VMS Macro. Macro-32 was supported on the Alpha architecture, but because the Alpha used a different instruction set, the Macro-32 assembly language no longer mapped to the native instruction set. Macro-32 under the Alpha architecture was actually implemented then as a compiler, compiling VAX assembly language into Alpha instructions. Unlike most compilers, however, Macro-32 for Alpha performed no optimization, retaining as much as possible the programmer's direct control over the generated code. 
The Alpha AXP chips introduced to the VMS world then the latest progression of the VMS Macro language, supporting the underlying RISC instruction set, and was called Macro-64.
A compiler from Macro-32 is available for Intel Itanium architecture A significant part of OpenVMS is written with Macro-32.

</doc>
<doc id="5848774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848774" title="Sunturion">
Sunturion

Sunturion is the name of two fictional characters that appear in comic books published by Marvel Comics. 
The first character, also called Arthur Dearborn debuted in "Iron Man" #143 (Feb. 1981) and was created by writers David Michelinie, Bob Layton, and penciler John Romita, Jr.. The second character, Mike Stone, first appeared in "Daredevil" #224 (Nov. 1985) and was created by writer Jim Owsley and penciller Dan Jurgens.
Publication history.
Arthur Dearborn debuted in a two part story in "Iron Man" #143 - 144 (Feb. - March 1981). The character later appeared in the main story featured in "Iron Man Annual" #9 (1987) and "Vibranium Vendetta", a storyline that ran through "The Amazing Spider-Man Annual" #25 (1991), "Spectacular Spider-Man" #11 (Dec. 1991), and "Web of Spider-Man Annual" #7 (1991).
Mike Stone appeared in one story in "Daredevil" #224 (Nov. 1985).
Fictional character biography.
The Roxxon Energy Corporation in conjunction with the Brand Corporation, their genetic research subsidiary, convert Roxxon employee Arthur Dearborn into a being of living microwave energy called Sunturion, who serves as crew and guardian for "Star Well I", a Roxxon solar satellite that orbits Earth and transmits microwave energy to the planet; the transformation was required as otherwise the cost of developing Star Well to provide for a full crew would have made the project too expensive, but as Sunturion Dearborn's personal requirements were fairly limited and he could do far more work than any normal man.
An accident on Star Well I results in the death of the entire town of Allentown, Iowa, and Iron Man arrives to investigate and meets with Dearborn. Learning that Dearborn is Sunturion, the pair prevent a meteor shower from damaging Star Well I. After discovering that Star Well I is in fact a Roxxon satellite, Iron Man locates and deactivates a self-destruct device when company director Jonas Hale learns of Iron Man's presence and attempts to destroy the satellite. Iron Man advises Sunturion that, despite his admiration for Dearborn's goals, the satellite is now evidence of Roxxon's criminal activities and must be confiscated. Sunturion attacks Iron Man as he disables the satellite, and during their battle Star Well I's core drifts into Earth's atmosphere. Sunturion apparently sacrifices himself to boost Iron Man's deflector beam, allowing the satellite to be harmlessly deflected into the Gulf of Carpentaria.
Roxxon later develops a suit of armor in an unsuccessful attempt to reform Dearborn. The armor is lost at sea, and is eventually found by truck driver Mike Stone while on a fishing trip in Florida. Stone uses the armor to take revenge on a former employer and encounters Daredevil. Lacking Dearborn's mutagenic modifications, Stone is absorbed by the armor, and dissipates into the atmosphere when Daredevil damages it.
Roxxon eventually re-integrates Dearborn's energy form, intending to use him against "Stratosfire", a former female Roxxon employee with abilities almost identical to those of Sunturion. Originally the corporate symbol for Roxxon (as Iron Man is for Stark International), Stratosfire turns against the company when a close friend is murdered for speaking with Tony Stark (Iron Man's alter ego). Sunturion locates Stratosfire and activates her "Zed Control": a Roxxon-implanted self-destruct device that dissipates Stratosfire's microwave energies and reverts Dearborn to his human form. 
Dearborn regains his powers as Sunturion during an encounter with Spider-Man, who is attempting to prevent the theft of a payload of the metal vibranium.
Dearborn learns that his energy form is starting to dissipate, and that he will soon die. After Roxxon refused to help (As it wasn't "cost-effective"), Dearborn attacks their facilities all over the world. In one attack, he encounters the Avengers, and finds his phasing abilities countered by Vision's own. After fleeing the scene, Dearborn is tracked down by Vision, and convinced to go to the Avengers for help. When the Avengers tell him they need more time to analyze his condition, he decides to return to his original plan. Attacking another Roxxon facility, he reveals to the Avengers that Roxxon is replicating the process that created him on others (without telling them of the dangers). After Vision destroys the equipment, Dearborn is convinced to return to Roxxon, who, no longer having the resources to make more Sunturions, have no choice but to try and cure him.
Powers and abilities.
Arthur Dearborn is a normal human who undergoes a mutagenic modification process that converts him into microwave energy. In this converted state Dearborn is capable of projecting microwave energy; creating force fields; teleportation; flight; and absorption of solar radiation to replenish his own energy.
The armor found by Mike Stone provides the wearer with abilities similar to those of Dearborn’s energy form. To power itself, however, the armor converts the wearer into microwave energy.

</doc>
<doc id="5848793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848793" title="Titans Tomorrow">
Titans Tomorrow

"Titans Tomorrow" is a storyline of a possible alternate future in the DC Comics Universe, from "Teen Titans" vol. 3 #17-19 (2005), by Geoff Johns and Mike McKone. The story arc has been collected as part of the "Teen Titans: The Future is Now" trade paperback.
The concept was revisited in the "Teen Titans" monthly title by writer Sean McKeever and artist Alé Garza in the "Titans of Tomorrow... Today!" storyline.
Titans Tomorrow.
While on their first date, Superboy and Wonder Girl are confronted by a wormhole that sends Superboy into the 31st century of the Legion of Super-Heroes. The trauma of time travel causes memory lapses for Superboy, and he cannot recall the exact moment of his departure. He spends five months in the future, fighting the Fatal Five Hundred before Saturn Girl uses her powers to figure out when Superboy was from.
Superboy re-emerges from the portal several seconds after he had left, wearing Superman's costume. He is followed by the Persuader; he and Wonder Girl hold off the Persuader in time to recruit the rest of the Titans for a trip to the future.
The Legion and Titans both end up in the time stream: the Legion is lost in time, due to the events of "Infinite Crisis", and the Titans travel ten years into their future.
The Titans emerge at Titans Tower in San Francisco. The Tower's security system allows access to past and present Titans through DNA screening; they are allowed access. The statue of the founding Titans has been replaced by one depicting the current team. The "Hall of Mentors" includes statues of Ares, Lex Luthor and Superman standing back-to-back, and a shattered statue of Batman.
The Teen Titans' arrival does not go unnoticed by the present Titans, and a fight ensues. Only the future Bart Allen remembers the trip through the time-portal and ends the hostilities. The future Titans are led by their Batman, an adult Tim Drake. After a discussion, the Titans agree to let the Teen Titans stay the night.
Tempted to learn of his future, Superboy seeks out his counterpart, only to find the team has captured Deathstroke and is engaged in torturing him: Superman has burned his arm off. After Superboy tells the other Teen Titans what he saw, they decide to leave the Tower and regroup elsewhere. The adult Titans try to stop them, but are only able to capture Robin.
Batman brings Tim to the Batcave and his cemetery; almost all of Batman's rogues and Bruce Wayne, Selina Kyle and Alfred Pennyworth are all buried there. The future Batman has killed most of his enemies, using the pistol that killed Bruce Wayne's parents. Unable to convince Tim that he is still a good guy, he decides to mindwipe the Titans, starting with Tim, and send them back in time.
The rest of the Teen Titans head to Keystone City, which has been transformed into a large Flash museum. They seek the cosmic treadmill, intending for Bart to use the machine to send them home. The device is missing. The team meet the heroic Titans East. 
The team decides that it might be best to disband the Titans upon their return to the present, but Cyborg 2.0 reveals that it was the team's disbanding that led to this dystopian future timeline. Cyborg reveals that Titans West turned the Western United States into a police state due to Dark Raven's malign influence. He formed Titans East as a resistance force against them, an act which split the United States into two countries.
The adult Flash is a double agent, secretly working with Titans East. He reveals that the treadmill has been moved to the Batcave, where the future Batman has also taken Robin. The Teen Titans and Titans East join forces to battle the Titans West. The fight is a stalemate, but the Teen Titans access the treadmill and escape to the past.
Titans of Tomorrow... Today!
A year after the events of "Infinite Crisis", the Titans of Tomorrow, which is now composed of Superman (Kon-El), Batman (Tim Drake), Wonder Woman (Cassie Sandsmark), Flash (Bart Allen), Red Devil (Eddie Bloomberg), and Martian Manhunter (M'gann M'orzz), travel from nine years in the future to the present day, with the intent of preserving their future. They take down the Justice League in order to ensure that their younger selves confront Starro and his band of brainwashed super-villains unassisted. 
The future versions of Bart and Conner, clones created by Drake, are less ethical than their younger selves once were. The future Batman tells Robin "to start making a real difference" at the end of issue 51; Robin informs him that "he will start making a real difference" and puts Batman's gun to his head. Batman argues that if Robin pulls the trigger, "he'll be condemning more lives" than he's supposed to save in the future, with no chance of Kon-El and Bart coming back. Batman also advises Robin to reject his feelings for Wonder Girl, because she's still in love with Superboy. Batman urges Robin to do what is right for the sake of the future. Thinking he may have gotten through to Robin, Batman leaves. Robin then contemplates killing Prometheus with Batman's handgun.
Blue Beetle battles the Flash, and after a difficult struggle, manages to defeat the speedster and rescue the Justice League. The League maintains their trust in the Teen Titans, and have faith that the Titans would never let that grim future come to pass. After the Justice League returns to the Watchtower headquarters, Red Devil arrives and reveals that he had killed Blue Beetle in the future. When he tries to kill him in the present, he is stopped by Ravager and Kid Devil.
Lex Luthor arrives with the rest of the future Titans, which includes adult versions of Cyborg 2.0, Animal Man (Garfield Logan), Aquawoman (Lorena Marquez), Dark Raven, Bumblebee, Flamebird (Bette Kane), Hawk (Holly Granger), Vulcan (Miguel Devante), Red Arrow (Mia Dearden), Zachary Zatara, Shining Knight (Ystina), Terra (Tara Markov clone), Starwoman (Courtney Whitmore), Prysm (Audrey Spears), Batwoman (Cassandra Cain), Black Ray (Ray Terrill), Toyman (Hiro Okamura), Hardrock (Ross Richman), Huntress (Charlotte Gage-Radcliffe), and Pandemic (Shyleen Lao). Luthor informs the Titans that their actions have changed the future for the worse. However, the teams are attacked by Starro, forcing them to work together.
Miss Martian battles her older self, and learns that the future Titan's immunity to fire is generated by a force field. Through a telepathic link, Miss Martian's future counterpart reveals the rationale behind the Sinestro Corps and their war to subjugate the universe. The horror of this mental vision causes Miss Martian to lash out, and she beheads her future self. Miss Martian finds Robin and takes him to a location that she says will remind him that what happens in the future is up to them and not the future team.
Blue Beetle idiscovers that he is the only non-Starro-controlled hero left standing after the main battle. Supergirl witnesses the Sinestro Corps amassing for their assault on Earth high above the planet. Blue Beetle frees Bart, who eventually retrieves one of Captain Cold's guns from the Flash Museum, with which he destroys Starro, freeing the Titans.
Wonder Woman tells Cassie that she is friends with Supergirl because she is mourning Conner, and that Kara will become bitter and jealous when he returns. Cassie is momentarily crushed when she realizes that the clone of Conner retains no memories of her time with him.
Robin again confronts Batman, but they are interrupted when Cassie arrives and informs Robin that the two clones remember nothing of their past. She kisses Robin, which alters Batman's memories. An enraged Conner arrives, stopped only by a Kryptonite-treated bullet fired from Batman's gun. As a result, all of the figures from the future fade away; the present-day Titans leave to take part in the battle against the Sinestro Corps. 
Eight years later, Tim Drake and Cassie Sandsmark are in a relationship. However, Tim is having an affair with M'gann M'orzz (Miss Martian), and the two collaborate with Lex Luthor in the development of clones of several fallen Titans, including Conner and Bart.

</doc>
<doc id="5848804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848804" title="Sumidagawa Fireworks Festival">
Sumidagawa Fireworks Festival

The Sumidagawa Fireworks Festival (隅田川花火大会, "Sumidagawa Hanabi Taikai") is an annual fireworks festival held on the last Saturday in July, over the Sumidagawa near Asakusa. Unlike fireworks displays in other parts of the world, the Sumidagawa Hanabi Taikai follows the Japanese tradition of being an intense competition between rival pyrotechnic groups. Each group tries to out-do the last, and the result is an incredible variety of fireworks, not just in different colors and patterns, but forming shapes as complicated as Doraemon, Pikachu, or kanji.
It is a revival of celebrations held in the Edo period, and annually attracts close to a million celebrants. Similar events are held at the same time of year at many other sites throughout Japan.
History.
The tradition of the Sumidagawa fireworks festival can be traced back to 1732, when fireworks were launched as part of festivals for the dead. The country was in an economic crisis, and the people suffered from famine and disease to a greater degree than normal. Thus, the rituals and celebrations in which the fireworks took part played multiple roles. These were mourning observances for the dead, as well as celebrations of life, and entertainment for the poverty-stricken masses.
Originally called Ryōgoku Kawabiraki (両国川開き), the display had become an established tradition by 1810, and rivalries began to emerge over control of each year's festival. The "Tamaya" (玉屋) and "Kagiya" (鍵屋) guilds of pyrotechnicians quickly became the two major rivals, initiating the tradition of the competition. Each guild would try to impress the onlookers, out-doing the other guild, in order to gain popularity and support. The number of onlookers steadily grew, and they began to shout out the names (see "yagō") of their favorite fireworks artists.
Though the Tamaya came to enjoy steady popularity over the Kagiya, a major fire broke out in 1843, and the official support for the guild evaporated. The fireworks festivals, if they were to continue, would be moved further from the city, to a more remote and thus safer location.
The tradition survived the upheaval of the Meiji Restoration in 1868, and continued nearly every year until it dropped off in the 1920s, and ceased entirely during World War II and for several decades afterwards. Finally, in 1978, the tradition was reinstated, and continues to this day.
The 2011 festival was postponed until August 27 in the wake of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.

</doc>
<doc id="5848814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848814" title="Yago">
Yago

Yago may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5848817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848817" title="Leland Palmer (actress)">
Leland Palmer (actress)

Leland Palmer (born June 16, 1940, Port Washington, New York) is an American actress, dancer, and singer who has appeared on stage, in motion pictures, and on television. She appeared on Broadway in "Bajour", "A Joyful Noise", "Hello, Dolly!", "Applause", and "Pippin". Palmer received two Tony Award nominations: in 1967 for featured actress in a musical (Miss Jimmie in "A Joyful Noise"), and in 1973 for actress in a musical (Fastrada in "Pippin").
Her U.S. television appearances include guest roles on "Love, American Style"; "Laverne & Shirley"; and "Rhoda". She was also a regular on Dinah Shore's summer variety television show, "Dinah and Her New Best Friends" in 1976. To motion-picture audiences, Palmer is known best for Bob Fosse's "All That Jazz" (1979), in which she played Audrey Paris, a character believed to be modeled on Fosse's wife, Gwen Verdon.
Palmer is known now as "Linda Posner." She was born Linda Palmer, and discovered many years later that the family name was really "Posner." Although she no longer performs, she occasionally works with theaters in California. She most recently served as choreographer of 42nd Street Moon-San Francisco's production of "Irma La Douce".
Cultural references.
In 1990 and 1991, the U.S. television series Twin Peaks featured a fictional, male character named Leland Palmer who was played by Ray Wise.

</doc>
<doc id="5848826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848826" title="Lucien Hubbard">
Lucien Hubbard

Lucien Hubbard (December 22, 1888 – December 31, 1971) was a film producer and screenwriter. He is best known for producing "Wings", for which he received the first Academy Award for Best Picture. Lucien produced and or wrote ninety-two films over the course of his career. He lived in the same house in Beverly Hills until the day he died; he was an avid polo player and would frequently ride out of the stables located, in those days, at the rear of his Hillcrest Road property, to Will Rogers' house in the Palisades; he also occasionally rode his horse to Paramount Studios where he had been elevated to president shortly after the Academy Award winning "Wings" which he produced, was released. This film helped director William A. Wellman's rise into major studio films.
Before coming to Los Angeles, he was night editor of "The New York Times". He had written five screenplays on the side and decided one day to travel to Hollywood to see if he could sell any of them; he sold three and in 1923, his career was launched. A film he loved was entitled "The Vanishing American" and it was the first film to portray the Indian in a favorable light; he received an award from the Cherokee nation for this film. He discovered and mentored many talents over the life of his career and was known as a very generous man with a sharp eye for good writers. He had two daughters, Betty and Janet and a brother, Harlan Hubbard, who became a renowned artist and writer, who advocated simple living.

</doc>
<doc id="5848832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848832" title="Jim Donnan">
Jim Donnan

Jim Donnan (born January 29, 1945) is a former American football player and coach and now a television analyst for college football and a motivational speaker. Attended High School in Burlington, North Carolina at Walter M. Williams High School He served as the head football coach at Marshall University (1990–1995) and the University of Georgia (1996–2000), compiling a career record of 104–40–1. His 1992 Marshall team won an NCAA Division I-AA national title. Donnan was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 2009.
In August 2012 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission charged Donnan with running an 80 million dollar ponzi scheme that preyed on former coaches and players. He was tried and found not guilty on all counts on May 14, 2014.
Playing career.
During his playing days as a quarterback at North Carolina State University, Donnan defeated his future team, Georgia, 14–7, in the 1967 Liberty Bowl. He was the ACC Player of the Year in 1967.
Coaching career.
Prior to working as a head coach, Donnan served as an assistant coach at several schools, including Kansas State University, University of Missouri, Florida State University, and the University of Oklahoma. Donnan was the offensive coordinator at Oklahoma from 1985–1989. From 1985–1988, he coached under Barry Switzer, a member of the College Football Hall of Fame and a Super Bowl winning coach. Donnan coached the legendary Oklahoma Sooner wishbone offense that helped the Sooners to three consecutive 11–1 seasons from 1985–1987, and a national championship in 1985. In 1986, the Sooners scored 508 points, which at the time was the second highest point total in the school's storied history, trailing only the Sooners 1971 NCAA record setting rushing offense that scored 534 points.
Donnan was head football coach at Marshall University, where he led the Thundering Herd to a 64–21 record from 1990 to 1995, including five consecutive 11-plus win seasons, four championship games, and the 1992 NCAA Division I-AA national football championship. He was named the Division I-AA Coach of the Year twice.
Donnan was then the head football coach at the University of Georgia from 1996 to 2000. He compiled a 40–19 record during his tenure. He was the first football coach in school history to lead Bulldog teams to four consecutive bowl victories. Under Donnan, the Bulldogs won the 1998 Outback Bowl, the 1998 Peach Bowl, the 2000 Outback Bowl, and the 2000 Oahu Bowl. Before the 1997 game against Mississippi State, Donnan drove a steamroller into practice and told his players they "were either going to be the steamroller or the pavement"; Georgia won the game, 47–0.
Donnan was fired by University President Michael F. Adams, against the wishes of athletic director Vince Dooley, in 2000 after the Bulldogs struggled to two consecutive eight-win seasons, and three consecutive losses against Georgia Tech. Donnan's inability to return the program to the national prominence of Dooley's era and to compete with longtime SEC Eastern Division rivals such as Tennessee and Florida, combined with certain off-the-field problems for players, are believed to be the reasons for his dismissal.
In May 2009, Donnan was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame for his coaching successes, primarily at Marshall.
Post-coaching career.
After coaching, Donnan worked as a college football analyst for ESPN.
In June 2011, Donnan and his wife, Mary filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the middle district of Georgia. The financial disclosures indicate the Donnans owed $8.25 million to GLC Limited, the same company that also filed for bankruptcy in the spring.
In July 2011, Donnan was accused in court documents of making millions of dollars from a Ponzi scheme involving GLC Limited.The federal documents filed in bankruptcy court in Ohio contend that Jim Donnan and his wife, Mary, attracted investments for GLC Limited. The documents claimed the Donnans made commissions for new investments. It claimed Donnan invested more than $5.4 million in the company and that his family ultimately made more than $14.5 million.
On August 16, 2012, Donnan was charged by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for orchestrating an $80 million Ponzi scheme. He was tried and found not guilty on all counts on May 16, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5848844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848844" title="Jaglan">
Jaglan

Jaglan (Jagla, Jangal, Jaglen, Jaglain, Jaglaranya, Janghala, Juglan, Juglaan) is a gotra of Jats. They are found in Rajasthan, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Punjab
Origin.
They have originated from Jangala people of the Mahabharata period. Other sources tell that Jaglan gotra started after place called Jagayadra. Their ancestor was named Jagga which gave the name to this gotra.

</doc>
<doc id="5848860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848860" title="Henry George Smith">
Henry George Smith

Henry George Smith (26 July 1852 – 19 September 1924) was an Australian chemist whose pioneering work on the chemistry of the essential oils of the Australian flora achieved worldwide recognition.
Smith was born at Littlebourne, Kent, England. He was educated at schools at Ickham and Wingham, and also had private tuition from the Rev. Mr Midgley, M.A. He went to Sydney in 1883 for health reasons, and in 1884 obtained a semi-scientific position on the staff of the Sydney technological museum. He began studying scientific subjects and chemistry in particular, in 1891 was appointed a laboratory assistant at the museum, and in the same year his first original paper was published in the "Proceedings" of the Linnean Society of New South Wales. He became mineralogist at the museum in 1895, and in the same year in collaboration with Joseph Maiden contributed a paper on "Eucalyptus Kinos and the Occurrence of Endesmia" to the "Proceedings" of the Royal Society of New South Wales. This was Smith's first contribution to organic chemistry; later on from 1898 to 1911 he lectured on this subject to evening students at the Sydney technical college. 
In 1896 he began his collaboration with Richard Thomas Baker with an investigation into the essential oils of the Sydney peppermint ("Eucalyptus piperita"). With Baker working on the botanical side and himself on the chemical, their studies resulted in a remarkable work, "A Research on the Eucalyptus especially in Regard to their Essential Oils" which was published in 1902. A revised edition of this work embodying later researches appeared in 1920. Another authoritative work of great value by these authors, "A Research on the Pines of Australia", was published in 1910. Smith had been appointed assistant curator and economic chemist at the Sydney technological museum in 1899 and held this position until his retirement in 1921. After his retirement he continued working with Baker and in 1924 they brought out another volume, "Wood-fibres of Some Australian Timbers". He died of heart disease at home in the Sydney suburb of Roseville 
From about 1914 Smith had been informally associated with the organic chemistry department of the University of Sydney, and he continued to work there after his retirement from the museum. In 1922 he was awarded the David Syme prize of the University of Melbourne for original research. He was president of the Royal Society of New South Wales in 1913, of the New South Wales branch of the Australian Chemical Institute in 1922-3, and of the chemistry section of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science at the meeting held in Wellington in 1923. He was the author of over 100 papers, 62 of which appeared in the "Proceedings" of the Royal Society of New South Wales, and others in the "Journal of the Chemical Society". 

</doc>
<doc id="5848863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848863" title="Philadelphia Tigers">
Philadelphia Tigers

The Philadelphia Tigers were a Negro League baseball team that played briefly in the 1928 Eastern Colored League before the circuit disbanded in early June. The Tigers, organized by Smittie Lucas, featured a few well-known east coast players, such as Bill Yancey, George Johnson, and McKinley Downs, but no real stars.
After the ECL fell apart, the Tigers struggled on as a marginal independent team into July before calling it quits.

</doc>
<doc id="5848873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848873" title="The Faiths of the Founding Fathers">
The Faiths of the Founding Fathers

The Faiths of the Founding Fathers is a book by historian of American religion David L. Holmes of the College of William & Mary. Holmes approaches the topic of the religion of the founders of the United States by analyzing their public statements and correspondence, the comments left by their contemporaries, and the views, where available, of clergy who knew them. 
The main thesis of the book is that the U.S. Founding Fathers fell into three religious categories:
The well-reviewed book is one of the first to question the assertions of secular historians that the founders were all Unitarians or Deists and of evangelical pastors that they were orthodox and sometimes born-again Christians who intended to found a Christian nation. Holmes tries to show that all three of the groups he names were present at every step of the founding of the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="5848896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848896" title="Jajra">
Jajra

Jajra is a gotra of Jats found in Nagaur district of Rajasthan and Bhopal district in Madhya Pradesh, India.
Jajra (Pronounced as 'Jajda') is also a Gotra of Gujar, Gaur Brahmins, mostly habituated in Bikaner Rajasthan.

</doc>
<doc id="5848903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848903" title="Evolutionary landscape">
Evolutionary landscape

An evolutionary landscape is a metaphor; a construct used to think about and visualize the processes of evolution (e.g. natural selection and genetic drift) acting on a biological entity ( e.g., a gene, protein, population, species). This entity can be viewed as searching or moving through a search space. For example, the search space of a gene would be all possible nucleotide sequences. The search space is only part of an evolutionary landscape. The final component is the "y-axis," which is usually fitness. Each value along the search space can result in a high or low fitness for the entity. If small movements through search space causes small changes in fitness are relatively small, then the landscape is considered smooth. Smooth landscapes happen when most fixed mutations have little to no effect on fitness, which is what one would expect with the neutral theory of molecular evolution. In contrast, if small movements result in large changes in fitness, then the landscape is said to be rugged. In either case, movement tends to be toward areas of higher fitness, though usually not the global optima.
What exactly constitutes an "evolutionary landscape" is confused in the literature. The term evolutionary landscape is often used interchangeably with adaptive landscape and fitness landscape, though other authors distinguish between them. As discussed below, different authors have different definitions of adaptive and fitness landscapes. Additionally, there is large disagreement whether it should be used as a visual metaphor disconnected from the underlying math, a tool for evaluating models of evolution, or a model in and of itself used to generate hypotheses and predictions. Clearly, the field of biology, specifically evolutionary biology and population genetics, needs to come to a consensus of what an evolutionary landscape is and how it should be used.
History.
Pre-Wright.
According to McCoy (1979), the first evolutionary landscape was presented by Armand Janet of Toulon, France in 1895. In Janet's evolutionary landscape, a species is represented as a point or an area on a polydimensional surface of phenotypes, which is reduced to two dimensions for simplicity. The size of the population is proportional to the amount of variation within the population. Natural selection (the influence of the exterior features) is represented by a vector. Unlink the evolutionary landscapes of those who would follow, in Janet's concept, natural selection pulls species toward the minima instead of the maxima. This is because the y-axis doesn't represent fitness but stability. One important aspect of Janet's evolutionary landscape (versus Wright's) is that the landscape changes as the environment changes.
Wrightian Landscapes.
Credit for the first evolutionary landscape typically goes to Sewall Wright, and his idea has arguably had a much larger audience and greater influence on the field of evolutionary biology. In his 1932 paper, Wright presents the concept of an evolutionary landscape composed of a polydimensional array of gene(allele) or genotype frequencies and an axis of fitness, which served as a visual metaphor to explain his shifting balance theory. Similarly to Janet, Wright felt the landscape could be reduced to two dimensions for simplicity. (This is one of the greatest criticisms, which are discussed below.) Populations are represented by areas, with the size of the area corresponding to the amount of genetic diversity within the population. Natural selection drives populations toward maxima, while drift represents wandering and could potentially cause a peak shift. Movement across the landscape represented changes in gene frequencies. This landscape was represented as a series of contour lines, much like a topological map; while selection kept or moved a biological entity to a peak, genetic drift allowed different peaks to be explored.
In 1944, Simpson expanded Wright's landscape to include phenotypes. Now, the landscape was a means of visualizing the "relationship between selection, structure, and adaptation." Unlike Wright, Simpson used the landscape to speak on both natural selection and genetic drift. Uphill movements are due to positive selection, and downhill movements are due to negative selection. The size and shape fo the peak indicated the relative specificity of selection, i.e. a sharp and high peak indicates highly specific selection. Another difference between Simpson's and Wright's landscapes is the level at which evolution is acting. For Wright, a population geneticist, only populations of a species were shown. In Simpson's figures, the circles drawn represent all of Equidae. The most important difference is that in Simposon's model, the landscape could vary through time while in Wright's model, the landscape was static. It is interesting to note that Wright reviewed Simpson's work ("Tempo and Mode in Evolution") and did not object to Simpson's use of evolutionary landscapes. In later writings, Simpson referred to peaks as adaptive zones. In a series of papers Russell Lande developed a mathematical model for Simpson's phenotypic landscape. Interestingly, Lande reconciled Wright's population level view with Simpson's use of higher taxomonic levels. Lande considers fitness peaks to be determined by the environment and thus represent ecological niches or adaptive zones for a population. Clusters of peaks inhabited by phenotypically similar populations can be viewed as higher taxonomic levels.
Molecular Era.
The concept of evolutionary landscapes changed once more as we entered the era of molecular evolution. It is claimed Maynard Smith (1970) is the first to visualize protein evolution as a network of proteins one mutational step away from others. However, for this to be true, there must be pathways between functional proteins. Acknowledging the work of Kimura, King, and Jukes (the neutral theory of molecular evolution), Maynard Smith realized the proteins along such pathways could have equal functionality or be neutral. In other words, not all moves in evolution are "uphill." In 1984, Gillespie adapted the concept of evolutionary landscapes to nucleotide sequences and so visualized the "mutational landscape" whereby all nucleotide sequences are one mutational step away from another, which is remarkably similar and yet fundamentally different from Wright's original concept. This conceptual shift, along with the development of vast computational power, has allowed evolutionary landscapes to move from being a simple visual metaphor to a working model of evolution. As one might expect, this has drawn heavy criticism and generated much research.
Criticisms.
One of the first criticisms (or at least difficulty) with evolutionary landscapes is their dimensionality. Wright recognized that true landscapes can have thousands of dimensions, but he also felt reducing those dimensions to two was acceptable since his point in doing so was to simply convey a complex idea. As a visual metaphor, this might be a valid reduction; however, the work of Gavrilets has shown that taking the high dimensionality of evolutionary landscapes into consideration may matter. In a high-dimensional framework, the peaks an valleys disappear and are replaced with hypervolume areas of high fitness and low fitness, which can be visualized as curved surfaces and holes in a 3-D landscape. While this does not affect visualization of the landscape per se (i.e. holes are equivalent to valleys), it does affect the underlying mathematical model and the predicted outcomes.
The work of Gavrilets, along with other issues, has prompted Kaplan (2008) to propose abandoning the metaphor of evolutionary landscapes (which he calls adaptive or fitness landscapes). Kaplan (2008) has 6 main criticisms of the metaphor: (1) it has no explanatory power, (2) its lacks a relevant mathematical model, (3) it has no heuristic role, (4) it is imprecise, (5) it confuses more than it explains, (6) and there is no longer a reason to keep thinking in 2D or 3D when we have the computational power to consider higher dimensionality. Others feel Kaplan's criticisms are not warranted because he (and others) want evolutionary landscapes to meet the standards of a mathematical model; however, the landscape metaphor is just that, a metaphor. It has heuristic value as a metaphorical tool allowing one to visualize and evaluate the common core of assumptions in an evolutionary model. . While Kaplan (2008) wishes to discard the idea of landscapes all together, Massimo Pigliucci is less drastic. He acknowledges four categories of landscapes: fitness landscapes, adaptive landscapes, fitness surfaces, and morphospaces. Fitness landscapes are those similar to what Wright (1932) proposed (called an adaptive and fitness landscapes below). Adaptive landscapes are the phenotypic landscapes proposed by Simpson (1944), and fitness surfaces are the phenotypic landscapes with Lande's mathematical models applied to them. Morphospaces, pioneered by Raup (1966), are phenotypic landscapes developed "a priori" using mathematical models onto which observed measurements are mapped. They lack a fitness axis, and are used to show the occupied areas within the potential phenotypic space. Pigliucci suggests we abandon Wrightian fitness landscapes. Adaptive landscapes and fitness surfaces can be used with caution, i.e. with the understanding they are not phenotypic versions of Wright's original concept and that they are fraught with potentially misleading assumptions. Finally, Pigliucci calls for further research into morphospaces due to their heuristic value but also their ability to generate understandable and testable hypotheses.
Types of Evolutionary Landscapes.
Adaptive Landscapes.
Adaptive landscapes represent populations (of biological entities) as a single point, and the axes correspond to frequencies of alleles or genotypes and the mean population fitness.
Fitness Landscapes.
Fitness landscapes represent populations (of biological entities) as clusters of points with each point representing a unique genotype. The axes correspond to the loci of those genotypes and the resulting mean population fitness.
Phenotypic Landscape.
Phenotypic landscapes represent populations of species as clusters of points with each point representing a phenotype. The axes correspond to frequencies of phenotypes and the mean population fitness. See the visualizations below for examples of phenotypic landscapes.
Phenotypic Plasticity Landscape.
Phenotypic plasticity landscapes depart from the other landscapes in that it does not use the mean population fitness. Instead, that axis represents characters (phenotypic traits) and other axes represent the underlying factors affecting the character.
Epigenetic Landscape.
Epigenetic landscapes are "used to describe modal developmental tendency and major deviations" with a "space of abstract variables." 
Morphospaces.
Morphospaces also lack a dimension of fitness. Instead, their axes are mathematical models of phenotypic traits developed "a priori" to observational measurements. Observational measurements are then mapped onto the resulting surface to indicate areas of possible phenotypic space occupied by the species under consideration. .
Applications to Genomics.
The increase of computational power and ease of sequencing has allowed for the concept of evolutionary landscapes to be taken from a purely conceptual metaphor to something that can be modeled and explored. This is especially true of the field of genomics. One good example is the research article "The Evolutionary Landscape of Cytosolic Microbial Sensors in Humans." In their study, Vasseur et al were interested in the evolution of the innate immune system; specifically, they wished to map the genetic diversity--the occupied evolutionary landscape--and patterns of selection and diversification--the movements made and being made along that landscape--of the nod-like receptor (NLRs) family of the pattern-recognition receptors (PRRs) that drive the innate immune response. These genes are responsible for detecting patterns/chemicals (e.g. chitin, oxidative stress) associated with invading microbes, tissue damage, and stress. To achieve this, they sequenced 21 genes from 185 humans and used several statistical methods to examine patterns of selection and diversification. The NLR family can be divided into two sub-families--the NALP subfamily and the NOD/IPAF sub-family. The authors found that the NALP family was under strong purifying selection and exhibited low genetic and functional diversity. They hypothesize this is because these genes have vital, non-redundant roles. Evidence in favor for this hypothesis comes from the independent discovery of rare alleles with mutations in two of the genes leading to a severe inflammatory disease and pregnancy complications. The NOD/IPAF family seems to have evolved under relaxed selection and exhibits a fair amount of genetic and functional diversity. The authors also found evidence of positive selection. The gene with the strongest positive selection was NLRP1, which has two haplotypes undergoing selective sweeps. The first haplotype is seven amino acids in strong linkage disequilibrium. This haplotype is global and seems to be moving toward fixation, which started in Asia and is still occurring in Europe and Africa. The second haplotype is restricted to Europe and is not in linkage disequilibrium with the global haplotype. Interestingly, this European haplotype carries with it a mutation associated with autoimmune diseases. The authors hypothesize another mutation in the haplotype is what selection is acting on and this deleterious mutation is simply hitchhiking along with it. 
The second example comes from a paper titled "Synonymous Genes Explore Different Evolutionary Landscapes." (This article is publically available; see the citation below.) The authors of this paper are broadly interested in the ability of a protein to evolve. They specifically wanted to know how synonymous substitutions affected the evolutionary landscape of a protein. To do this, they used a program called the Evolutionary Landscape Printer to design a synonymous version of the antibiotic resistance gene "aac(6')-IB". A synonymous protein has the same amino acid sequence but a different nucleotide sequences. Thus, a synonymous protein has the same function and fitness value but a different surrounding evolutionary landscape. Basically, this is a way to jump peaks without actually moving. The landscape of the original protein and the synonymous copy were explored computationally with Monte Carlo simulations and error-prone PCR. The PCR products were then inserted into competent E. coli cells and screened for novel antibiotic resistance. They found that the two proteins gave rise to very different novel phenotypes that, theoretically, are unreachable by the other. From their results, the authors concluded that synonymoud codons allow for a wider exploration of the local evolutionary landscape, and that their method increases the odds of finding an advantageous mutation, which is useful for predicting how a population might change and for designing better organisms for industry. 
External links.
Examples of Visualized Evolutionary Landscapes
Further Reading

</doc>
<doc id="5848920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848920" title="Violent New Breed">
Violent New Breed

Violent New Breed is the third and final album by Shotgun Messiah, released in 1993 on Relativity Records. Breaking from their previous albums, Violent New Breed featured a more industrial rock sound.
Personnel.
Produced, Arranged and Performed by Ulf "Cybersank" Sandquist and Shotgun Messiah (Harry Cody & Tim Skold.)
Recorded at Atlantis Studios, Stockholm.
Mixed by Stefan Glaumann at M.V.G. Studios, Stockholm.
Cover by Michael Lucero (?UC-Is-?U-Get) and Shotgun Messiah.

</doc>
<doc id="5848934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848934" title="Parviz Tanavoli">
Parviz Tanavoli

Parviz Tanavoli (born 23 March 1937 in Tehran) is an Iranian sculptor, painter, scholar and art collector. He has lived in Vancouver, Canada since 1989.
Tanavoli's work has been auctioned around the world leading to overall sales of over $6.7 million, making him the most expensive living Iranian artist.
Academic career.
Upon graduating from the Brera Academy of Milan in 1959, Tanavoli taught sculpture for three years at the Minneapolis College of Art and Design. He then returned to Iran and assumed the directorship of the sculpture department at the University of Tehran, a position he held for 18 years until 1979, when he retired from his teaching duties.
Exhibitions.
Since 1989 Tanavoli has lived and worked in Vancouver. His latest solo exhibition was a retrospective held in 2003 at the Tehran Museum of Contemporary Art. Prior to that he had held solo exhibitions in Austria, Italy, Germany, United States and Britain. Tanavoli has been in group exhibitions internationally. His work has been displayed at the British Museum, the Grey Art Gallery, New York University, the Isfahan City Center, Nelson Rockefeller Collection, New York, Olympic Park, Seoul, South Korea, the Royal Museum of Jordan, the Museum of Modern Art, Vienna, Museum of Modern Art, New York, Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, Hamline University, St. Paul and Shiraz University, Iran.
Influences.
He belongs to Saqqakhana group of artists who, according to the scholar Karim Emami, share a common popular aesthetic.[http://www.metmuseum.org/toah/hd/ciran/hd_ciran.htm] He has been influenced heavily by his country's history and culture and traditions, (he was once cultural advisor to the Queen of Iran) and has always been fascinated with locksmithing.
Politics and art.
In 2005, he created a small piece of sculpture called "Heech in a Cage" to protest the conditions of the American-held prisoners at Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and in 2006 began work on his piece to honour the victims of the Israeli-Lebanon war.
Bibliography.
Tanavoli has written dozens of publications, dating back over three decades. Among these are:

</doc>
<doc id="5848940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848940" title="List of mayors of Bedford, Nova Scotia">
List of mayors of Bedford, Nova Scotia

The Town of Bedford was incorporated in 1979. It remained separate until it was incorporated with the Cities of Halifax, Dartmouth and Halifax County into the Halifax Regional Municipality in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5848967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848967" title="Maha Ganapathi Mahammaya Temple">
Maha Ganapathi Mahammaya Temple

The Shirali Maha Ganapathi Mahammaya Temple is the Kuladevata Temple (family temple) to the Prabhus, Joishys, Bhats, Kamaths, Puraniks, Mallyas, Kudvas, Nayaks of the Gowda Saraswat community. The temple is located at Shirali in the Uttar Kannada district of Karnataka state. It is a five minute drive from Bhatkal. 
These families are referred to as the Kulavis of the temple. The temple was established by devotees who migrated from Goa about 400–500 years ago. The presiding deities are Shri Mahaganapati (Vinayaka) and Shri Mahamaya (Shantadurga). kasargod subray ramkamath and his son venkatesh kamath constructed the front portion of the templeand a sperate ganahomaroom. 
The deities were originally in Goa in the area called Golthi and Naveli. Golthi / Goltim and Naveli / Navelim are located in Divar Island, Tiswadi Taluka of Goa. On account of the hostile religious policies pursued by the Portuguese rulers around 1560, the devotees left Goa. Unable to take with them the idols, they invoked the ‘saanidhya’ or the presence of the deities in the silver trunk of Lord Ganesha and the mask of goddess Mahamaya. When they reached Bhatkal they were unable to construct a temple immediately and kept these two symbols in a shop belonging to a devotee. Later on they constructed a temple in Shirali, a few miles north of Bhatkal, where it stands to this day. The deities are also called Pete Vinayaka and Shantadurga as they are located in a "pete", which means a town in Kannada. The temple has a unique darshan seva called, "mali".
According to the Archaeological Survey of Goa, The idol of Mahaganapati and Mahamaya (also referred as Durgadevi and Shantadurga) were located in Ella - Tiswadi Goa along with Shri Gomanteshwar and its affiliates. During the Muslim invasion in Goa (13th century) the temple in Ella was destroyed and the images were transferred to Navelim and Goltim. Till the early 1500's the deities were worshiped on the island, following which they were prey to the horrendous Portuguese missionaries. The devotees had no choice but to transfer the images to Khandepar and from there to its final destination Khandola. During the zealous Portuguese missionary acts, many devotees fled Goa and and entered Karnataka. Traces of which, can still be found today. Along the way to Karnataka, families that settled in Karwar established a temple in Asnoti. For those who settled in Ankola, the sacred coconut of Shantadurga/ Durgadevi/ Mahamaya found no place at homes and was kept at the local temple to worship. Many years later the local deity came to be known as Shantadurga. Some families went far ahead from northern Karnataka to the south coast of Bhatkal, where they felt secure and thus, established a temple of Ganesha and Mahamaya. Today, the original 13th century idol of Ganesha of Ella/Navelim is still worshiped in Khandola. At a distance is the temple of Shantadurga brought from Goltim/Ella. The affiliates are Bhagavati and Ravalnath. 
Today the temple at Shirali conducts various pujas including Shasraganayaga, Rathotsav, Ganahoma and Sahasrachandikahavana. 
The Rathotsav or the Car Festival is celebrated by the temple on Margashira Shudda Navami (in November or December.) The important events during rathotsava include pete utsava of Mahaganapathi on Margashira Shudda Chauthi and Mahamaya on Margashira Shudda Ashtami, ratri utsava every night and okuli on Margashira Shudda Dashami.
Its is estimated that currently the Shirali Maha Ganapathi and Mahammaya temple has 125 Kulavis, with a total of 600 persons. Most Kulavis visit the temple annually, and many Kulavis living abroad visit the temple every time they visit India.

</doc>
<doc id="5848975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848975" title="Area code 785">
Area code 785

Area Code 785 was the result of a split from 913 on July 20, 1997. It covers most telephone exchanges in northern Kansas. It stretches from the Colorado state line on the west to the Missouri state line on the east, while excluding the Kansas City Metropolitan Area (913). The largest city (by population) covered by the area code is the state capital of Topeka.
History of area codes in Kansas.
When area codes were implemented in 1967 the southern half of the state (Dodge City, Emporia, Garden City, Wichita) would receive 316, while the northern half (Kansas City, Topeka, Lawrence, Manhattan, Salina, Hays) would receive 913. The north-south division is unusual for Kansas, a state which usually sees east-west geographic disputes. However, since all three of the state's largest cities--Wichita, Topeka and Kansas City--are in the eastern half of the state, the north-south divide was necessary.
This configuration remained in place for 30 years. However, by the mid-1990s, 913 was close to exhaustion due to the popularity of cell phones and pagers, as well as the rapid growth of the Kansas City area. Late in 1996, the Kansas Corporation Commission, which oversees telecommunications in the state, requested relief from the NANPA for the exchanges of area code 913. On February 12, 1997, the NANPA announced that most of the Kansas side of the Kansas City area would remain in 913, while most of the western portion of the old 913 territory would split off into the new 785 area code. 785 began its split on July 20, 1997; permissive dialing continued until October 3, 1998.
Boundaries of area code 785.
The boundary between 785 and area code 620, which covers southern Kansas outside of the Wichita metropolitan area, runs from west to east roughly following a path along K-4 and K-96. The code boundary dips along I-135 in McPherson County and continues east to just north of Emporia in Lyon County along the Kansas Turnpike. At this point, area code 785 reaches its easternmost boundary with the current boundary for area code 913, although a small portion of the northeast corner of Kansas across the Missouri River from St. Joseph, Missouri is part of 785.
The area code covers the entire counties of Anderson, Cheyenne, Franklin, Rawlins, Decatur, Norton, Phillips, Smith, Jewell, Republic, Washington, Nemaha, Marshall, Brown, Sherman, Thomas, Sheridan, Graham, Rooks, Osborne, Mitchell, Lincoln, Cloud, Ottawa, Clay, Riley, Pottawatomie, Jackson, Wallace, Logan, Gove, Trego, Ness, Rush, Ellis, Russell, Ellsworth, Saline, Dickinson, Geary, Wabaunsee, Shawnee, Osage, and Douglas, as well as portions of Atchison, Coffey, Jefferson, Morris and McPherson counties.
The counties of Linn, Miami, Johnson, Wyandotte, and Leavenworth remain wholly in area code 913.
One exception to this rule is the city of Elwood in Doniphan County, which retains the 913 area code while the remaining geographical balance of the county is under the 785 area code. This is because Elwood receives its dialtone from St. Joseph, Missouri which is covered by the Kansas City, Missouri LATA, located in area code 816. All bordering 816/913 rate centers have each other's area codes.

</doc>
<doc id="5848983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848983" title="Bunnell">
Bunnell

Bunnell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5848988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848988" title="Pequeños Gigantes">
Pequeños Gigantes

Pequeños Gigantes is a Colombian variety and kids drama TV show. In its subsequent seasons it had musical sections, short juvenile dramas, interviews, arts, drawing and singing contests.
Directed/created by Toni Navia and Jaime Santos. It was the school to major Colombian actors and singers back in the 1980s:
First season.
Gabriela Lizzette Duque Hiroshi.
Other seasons.
Adults
Kids

</doc>
<doc id="5848999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5848999" title="John A. Lynch, Sr. Memorial Bridge">
John A. Lynch, Sr. Memorial Bridge

The John A. Lynch, Sr. Memorial Bridge is a bridge on Route 18 in the U.S. state of New Jersey spanning the Raritan River. The bridge connects Piscataway Township on the north with New Brunswick on the south.
History.
Construction on the bridge had begun back in the late 1960s with the announcement of Route 18's upgrade to a freeway between New Brunswick and Middlesex, and by 1970, the bridge piers were in place. However, environmental concerns stalled the construction of the Route 18 freeway for almost a decade, and the piers stood unfinished until 1983 when the freeway and bridge were finally completed as far as River Road in Piscataway.
The bridge was originally known as the Raritan River Bridge, but was renamed in honor of John A. Lynch, Sr., the former State Senator from the district that included New Brunswick and Piscataway, a former mayor of New Brunswick, and the father and namesake of John A. Lynch, Jr., who held those positions at the time of the bridge's completion.

</doc>
<doc id="5849002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849002" title="Gordon Stick">
Gordon Stick

Gordon Malvern Fair Stick (17 July 1903 – October 1986) was a corporate executive and community leader in Baltimore, Maryland.
Gordon Stick was born in Nagoya, Japan to Estes Pearl Fair and Jacob Monroe Stick, a Lutheran minister and missionary. The family moved from Japan to Baltimore in 1913 .
After graduating from the Johns Hopkins University (where he was a classmate of Alger Hiss) he began his career as an investment banker and retired as Vice President of Sales for FX Hooper Company, Inc. in Baltimore .
Gordon Stick held leadership roles in numerous community and historical projects in Baltimore, including serving as chairman of the restoration committee for the "USS Constellation", curator of the Lacrosse Museum at Johns Hopkins University, president of the American College of Heraldry and Arms, and organizer of an historical naval reenactment of the War of 1812's battle at Fort McHenry. 
He served from 1972 to 1976 as American Grand Prior IV of the Sovereign Military Order of the Temple of Jerusalem . 
He died in October 1986 in Baltimore, aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="5849007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849007" title="Roy Wagner">
Roy Wagner

Roy Wagner (born 1938, Cleveland, Ohio) is a cultural anthropologist who specializes in symbolic anthropology. 
Background.
Wagner received a B.A. in Medieval History from Harvard University (1961), and a Ph.D. in Anthropology from the University of Chicago (1966), where he studied under David M. Schneider. He taught at Southern Illinois University and Northwestern University before accepting the chairmanship of the Department of Anthropology at the University of Virginia, where he currently teaches. He resides in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Contributions.
Wagner is one of the world's most influential anthropologists. He first conducted fieldwork among the Daribi of Karimui, in the Simbu Province of Papua New Guinea, as well as the Usen Barok of New Ireland. He was influential in creating the genre known as the New Melanesian Ethnography, which emphasizes creativity and innovation in cultures and how they understand the world.
His book "The Invention of Culture" (1975; 1981) is considered a classic of ethnography and theory, and has been translated into Japanese, Portuguese and Italian. His concepts of symbolic obviation, figure-ground reversal, analogic kinship, holography and fractality of personhood have been critical in the development of anthropological theory in the last few decades. Anthropologists influenced by Wagner include Marilyn Strathern, Jadran Mimica, James Weiner, and Eduardo Viveiros de Castro. 
Wagner is known for his eccentric teaching style and is loved by many of his students. 

</doc>
<doc id="5849026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849026" title="Weisberg">
Weisberg

Weisberg is a surname that may refer to:
See also Weisberger :
Origin
The name Weisberg originates from Eastern Europe. It derives from Weiss or Weiß (German word for "white") and Berg (German word for "mountain"). Families with this name are found in USA, UK, Europe and South America. Regions of migration were: Imperial Russia, Hungary, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth (including parts of present-day Lithuania, Belarus, Poland, Bessarabia, Kamenetz Podolsk, Ukraine).

</doc>
<doc id="5849038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849038" title="Crystal Springs Reservoir">
Crystal Springs Reservoir

Crystal Springs Reservoir is a pair of artificial lakes located in the northern Santa Cruz Mountains of San Mateo County, California situated in the rift valley created by the San Andreas Fault just to the west of the cities of San Mateo and Hillsborough, and I-280. The lakes are part of the San Mateo Creek watershed.
History.
The original name of the southern or Upper Crystal Springs Reservoir was Laguna Grande, which has a California Historical Marker ("NO. 94 PORTOLA EXPEDITION CAMP - The Portolà expedition of 1769 camped on November 5 at a 'laguna grande' which today is covered by the Upper Crystal Springs Lake.") located at Crystal Springs Dam on Skyline Boulevard, 0.1 mi south of Crystal Springs Road. The Laguna Grande place name is also shown on the 1840s diseño del Rancho Cañada de Raymundo and an 1856 plat of the Rancho de las Pulgas. Lower Crystal Springs Reservoir now covers the town of "Crystal Springs" which grew up around a little resort town of the same name, located just northwest of the present dam.
The two Crystal Springs lakes and San Andreas Lake used to be known as "Spring Valley Lakes" for the Spring Valley Water Company which owned them. The Spring Valley Water Company named the lakes, the Spring Valley Lakes, after the company. The original Spring Valley was between Mason and Taylor Streets, and Washington and Broadway Streets in San Francisco, where the water company started. When the company went south for more water, the Spring Valley name was carried south too.
Description.
The entire reservoir consists of two different reservoir lakes. 
The southern lake, Upper Crystal Springs Reservoir, was formed when a tributary, Laguna Creek (or "Lake Creek"), which joined Laguna Grande at the south end, was submerged by construction of an earthen dam (this was the first Crystal Springs Dam) in 1877. The old earthen dam became a causeway between Upper and Lower Crystal Springs Reservoirs when the latter was formed by Herman Schussler's 150 foot tall concrete Crystal Springs Dam, which dammed up San Mateo Creek to form the lower (northern) reservoir in 1888. The causeway is now crossed by Highway 92. Laguna Creek flows north through the Filoli estate and has tributaries that descend from the western slope of Edgewood County Park and the eastern slope of the Santa Cruz Mountains. In addition to Laguna Creek, Upper Crystal Springs Reservoir is fed by Adobe Gulch which descends from Cahill Ridge south of and parallel to Highway 92 into a wetland marsh then joins the reservoir at Adobe Point. 
The northern reservoir, Lower Crystal Springs Reservoir, is fed by San Mateo Creek and San Andreas Creek at its north end. It also receives water from Upper Crystal Springs Reservoir via tunnels beneath Highway 92. Below Crystal Springs Dam, lower San Mateo Creek receives limited flows from Lower Crystal Springs Reservoir and descends to the Bay. 
In 1924, culverts were built through Upper Crystal Springs Dam to hydraulically link Upper and Lower Crystal Springs Reservoirs.
Part of the water in the reservoirs comes from local precipitation and the rest is piped in from the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir in Yosemite National Park, as well as the Pilarcitos Creek watershed and Alameda Creek watershed. The entire reservoir was built and owned by a private company, in the form of the Spring Valley Water Company, and eventually was deeded under the ownership and protection of the city of San Francisco. This local protection has ensured the survival of important species in the area, and a set of trails in Crystal Springs Park allows many to enjoy the scenic beauty of the reservoir and the local wildlife. There are giant rainbow trout and bass in the lake. Due to decisions by the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission (SFPUC), Crystal Springs Reservoir is not open to public.
Flora and fauna.
A considerable biodiversity of flora and fauna exist in the vicinity of the reservoir, which is located within the California Floristic Province. Among these species are a number of rare and endangered species including "Acanthomintha duttonii" or San Mateo thornmint, "Hesperolinon congestum" (Marin Dwarf Flax) and "Eriophyllum latilobum" or San Mateo Woolly Sunflower.
A pair of Bald eagles ("Haliaeetus leucocephalus") built a nest in a Coast Douglas-fir ("Pseudotsuga menziesii var. menziesii") in March 2012. This is the first bald eagle nest in San Mateo County since 1915, almost 100 years ago. Although initially unsuccessful, they have returned to their nest in the northwest corner of the Lower Reservoir. In 2013, they successfully mated and the fledgling flew North after leaving the nest.

</doc>
<doc id="5849052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849052" title="Lou Graham (disambiguation)">
Lou Graham (disambiguation)

Lou Graham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5849059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849059" title="Khong Chiam District">
Khong Chiam District

Khong Chiam () is the easternmost district ("Amphoe") of Ubon Ratchathani Province of Thailand.
History.
The area of the district was the central district "Khwaeng" of "Mueang" Khong Chiam, which is now Si Mueang Mai district. On January 1, 1957 the three "tambon" Khong Chiam, Huai Yang and Pho Klang were split off from Khong Chiam to form the Ban Dan minor district ("King Amphoe"). On December 11, 1959 it was elevated to a full district.
On September 14, 1971 the district was renamed to Khong Chiam, while the former district Khong Chiam was renamed to Si Mueang Mai, as the historical center of "Mueang" Khong Chiam was located within this district.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Sirindhorn, Phibun Mangsahan and Si Mueang Mai. To the east across the Mekong river are the Laotian provinces of Salavan and Champasak.
Khong Chiam is the easternmost point of Thailand.
The Pak Mun Dam stops the Mun River before tributes the Mekong River in this district.
Also the Kaeng Tana and Pha Taem national parks are located in Khong Chiam district.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 50 villages ("muban"). The township ("thesaban tambon") Ban Dan covers parts of "tambon" Khong Chiam. There are further 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="5849071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849071" title="Peter Westergaard's tonal theory">
Peter Westergaard's tonal theory

Peter Westergaard's tonal theory is the theory of tonal music developed by Peter Westergaard and outlined in Westergaard's 1975 book "An Introduction to Tonal Theory" (hereafter referred to as "ITT"). Based on ideas of Heinrich Schenker (see Schenkerian analysis), Westergaard's theory is notable for:
Methodological foundations.
In keeping with Westergaard's characteristic "concern with fundamental methodological questions" (Peles 1997, p. 75), "ITT" begins with a discussion of what it is that a theory of tonal music consists of. The conclusion reached is that it is a "logical framework in terms of which we understand tonal music" ("ITT", p. 9)--the operative words being "we understand". Westergaard is thus seeking a theory about a certain kind of cognition, as opposed to one dealing with acoustics or neurophysiology. The argument he gives for defining the domain of inquiry in this way is essentially the following: on the one hand, the acoustics of music are already well understood, and in any case acoustical theories are of limited use in addressing the psychological aspects of the musical experience; on the other hand, while neuroscience may eventually be capable of addressing these latter aspects, it is not currently equipped to do so—a situation which is unlikely to change in the near future. Consequently, our best strategy is to address the psychological questions directly, more or less at the level of introspection ("ITT", pp. 3–7).
Such an approach, however, immediately raises the problem of developing a metalanguage for discussing tonal music: how do we accurately describe "what we hear"? Reasoning that the process of solving this problem will itself lead inevitably to substantive insights into how music is actually heard, Westergaard takes the construction of a metalanguage for tonal music as his task for the main part of the book ("ITT", pp. 7–9).
Outline of the theory.
Music is conceived of as consisting of discrete atoms called notes. By definition, these are (conceptual) units of sound that possess the following five attributes: pitch, onset time, duration, loudness, and timbre. The core of Westergaardian theory consists of the following two claims about notes (Peles 1997, p. 74; "ITT", p. 375):
Generative operations.
Every note is associated both with a particular pitch and a particular "time-span" (the interval of time between the moment when the note begins and the moment when it ends). Westergaardian operations on notes may be described as composite in nature: they consist of operations on time-spans, onto which operations on pitches are superimposed. (One can think of the time-span operations as accommodating the pitch operations.)
In accordance with the second fundamental claim of Westergaard's theory (see above), applying the operations to given notes should produce other notes that are understood by the listener as being derived from the given notes. One is thus obliged to deal with the question of "structural ambiguity": by what means can the composer ensure that the listerner understands the particular subordination relations that were intended? Describing potentially ambiguous situations, and the means of resolving them, is one of the major themes of Westergaardian theory, and this preoccupation is evident throughout "ITT".
Operations on rhythm.
Segmentation.
A time-span may be divided into smaller time-spans:
Delay.
The onset time of a note may be delayed to a later time-point:
Anticipation.
A note may be anticipated by another note whose time-span is conceptually subordinate to that of the original note:
Operations on pitch.
Rearticulation.
A note in a line may be split into a sequence of successive notes such that:
This process (along with its result) is called "rearticulation" ("ITT", p. 35). Although repeated notes may result from an anticipatory structure as well as one derived by segmentation ("ITT", p. 35), Westergaard does not use the term "anticipatory rearticulation", preferring instead to simply call such structures "anticipations".
Neighbors.
A "neighbor structure" is constructed from a rearticulation by:
The new note is referred to as a "neighbor" of the original two. Unlike the ordinary use of the word "neighbor", this relationship is not reciprocal ("ITT", p. 35).
"Incomplete neighbors" may be used to anticipate or delay a note:
Borrowing/Arpeggiation.
A note may be borrowed from another (conceptual) line:
The borrowed note need only be a member of the same pitch-class as the source; it does not have to be in the same octave:
Borrowings may of course be anticipatory:
N.B.: It is largely this operation which replaces harmony in Westergaardian theory (Peles 1997, p. 79).

</doc>
<doc id="5849076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849076" title="Tantely Andrianarivo">
Tantely Andrianarivo

René Tantely Gabrio Andrianarivo (born 25 May 1954 in Ambositra, Amoron'i Mania) was a politician in Madagascar. He was the Prime Minister of Madagascar from 23 July 1998 until 31 May 2002, under President Didier Ratsiraka.
During Ratsiraka's first period in office (the Second Republic), Andrianarivo served in the government as Minister of Industry, Energy and Mines.
Following Ratsiraka's victory in the 1996 presidential election, Andrianarivo became Deputy Prime Minister in charge of the Economy and Finance in the new government of Prime Minister Pascal Rakotomavo, named on February 27, 1997; he was one of three deputy prime ministers, along with Pierrot Rajaonarivelo and Herizo Razafimahaleo. Following parliamentary elections held in May 1998, he was named Prime Minister by Ratsiraka in July to replace Rakotomavo. During the 2002 election dispute between Ratsiraka and Marc Ravalomanana, which eventually led to Ratsiraka being forced into exile, Andrianarivo announced a state of emergency imposed by Ratsiraka following Ravalomanana's declaration that he was president on February 22. In the following months the two rival governments struggled for control of the island. On 27 May 2002, Ravalomanana's forces raided the prime minister's residence in Antananarivo — the last government building in the capital still under the control of the Ratsiraka government — and detained Andrianarivo; Ravalomanana's prime minister, Jacques Sylla, took over the residence. In response, Ratsiraka said he would not participate in planned talks until Andrianarivo was released.
Andrianarivo's trial began on December 22, 2003, and on December 24, he was convicted of embezzlement and usurping powers and was sentenced to 12 years of hard labor. He was also fined 42 billion Malagasy francs, about $7.6 million U.S. dollars: about $7.4 million to repay the allegedly embezzled money, and another $200,000 in damages. The prosecution argued that Andrianarivo was not legitimately the Prime Minister when he withdrew the money, and that he therefore did so illegally. Andrianarivo argued that, despite Ravalomanana's nomination of Sylla as Prime Minister, he remained legally Prime Minister until he was detained on 27 May 2002, due to the absence of a decree abrogating his nomination up to that point; he said that it had been necessary to withdraw the money for the payment of wages and other administrative purposes. According to Amnesty International, the trial was "marred by irregularities". His health was also said to be poor at the time. In Ravalomanana's 2003 end of the year speech, he revealed that Andrianarivo was allowed to seek medical treatment abroad.
On May 3, 2007, it was announced that about $2.3 million held by Andrianarivo in Switzerland was unfrozen and was again available to him, following a money laundering investigation that was closed due to lack of evidence. Andrianarivo was, however, required to pay for the cost of the investigation, which began in late 2003. The Malagasy government, which wanted the money, protested the Swiss decision.
In France, Andrianarivo met with former President Albert Zafy on June 11, 2007; Zafy had also met with Ratsiraka and former Deputy Prime Minister Pierrot Rajaonarivelo in the previous days. Andrianarivo and Ratsiraka met with Zafy again on June 25.

</doc>
<doc id="5849077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849077" title="UFC 52">
UFC 52

UFC 52: Couture vs. Liddell was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on April 16, 2005, at the MGM Grand Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States and Canada, and later released on DVD.
History.
Headlining the card were the coaches of The Ultimate Fighter, Randy Couture and Chuck Liddell. At the time, it was the highest-grossing UFC event ever at the live gate, with $2,575,450 in ticket sales. Dan "The Beast" Severn was inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame at this event.
The total fighter payroll for UFC 52 was $519,500.
The rematch bout between Matt Hughes and Frank Trigg for the Welterweight Title is current President of the UFC, Dana White's favorite match of not just UFC fights, but all MMA and boxing fights in general.
Fighter Payouts.
Randy Couture: $150,000 ($150,000 to fight; win bonus would have been $75,000)
Chuck Liddell: $140,000 ($70,000 to fight; $70,000 to win)
Matt Hughes: $110,000 ($55,000 to fight; $55,000 to win)
Matt Lindland: $20,000 ($10,000 to fight; $10,000 to win)
Renato "Babalu" Sobral: $20,000 ($10,000 to fight; $10,000 to win)
Georges St-Pierre: $18,000 ($9,000 to fight; $9,000 to win)
Frank Trigg: $14,000
Patrick Cote: $10,000
Mike Van Arsdale: $10,000 ($5,000 to fight; $5,000 to win)
Ivan Salaverry: $8,000 ($4,000 to fight; $4,000 to win)
Joe Riggs: $4,000
Travis Lutter: $4,000
Joe Doerksen: $4,000 ($2,000 to fight; $2,000 to win)
Travis Wiuff: $3,000
John Marsh: $2,500
Jason Miller: $2,000
Total Fighter Payouts: $519,500

</doc>
<doc id="5849084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849084" title="Zanesville Infants">
Zanesville Infants

The Zanesville Infants (1908-1909) was a short-lived baseball franchise located in Zanesville, Ohio, and affiliated with the regional Central League. The organization's name was intended to highlight that they were a new minor league club. The Infants proved tough competitors and were runner-ups in the league championship in 1909.
A ball club featuring many players who later formed the core of the Infants was established in Zanesville in 1907, when local investors purchased the Youngstown Ohio Works. The investors also offered a contract to the Youngstown, Ohio, club's ex-manager, Marty Hogan, a former major league outfielder. Although the Zanesville team failed in its bid to join the Ohio-Pennsylvania League, it secured a spot in the less prestigious Pennsylvania-Ohio-Maryland League. The Zanesville team disbanded along with the P-O-M League at the close of the 1907 season.
Hogan managed the Infants in the 1908 season but moved on to Lancaster, Pennsylvania, the following year, leading that team to its first championship in the Tri-State League. Meanwhile, the Zanesville team competed fiercely with the Wheeling Stogies, who took the Central League Championship with an 88-50 record. The Infants were runner-ups in the contest, closing the season with a 75-58 record. In July 1909, the Zanesville Infants earned a spot in baseball history when the team participated in the first electrified night game in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The event was made possible by inventor George Cahill, who provided his new portable lighting.

</doc>
<doc id="5849092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849092" title="Gouyen">
Gouyen

Gouyen (in Mescalero Góyą́ń, "the one who is wise") (c. 1857-1903), was a 19th-century Apache woman noted for her heroism.
Early life and education.
"Góyą́ń" (Gouyen) was born circa 1857 into Chief Victorio's Warm Springs Apache or "Chihenne" band of Chiricahua Apache. She married as a young woman.
Vendetta against the Comanche.
Gouyen's first husband was killed in a Comanche raid in the 1870s. She took heroic actions to avenge his death, which have become legendary in Apache oral history. She tracked to his camp the Comanche chief who scalped her husband. There she found the chief watching a victory dance around a bonfire, and he was wearing her husband's scalp from his belt.
Gouyen donned a buckskin puberty ceremony dress and slipped into the circle of dancers. She seduced the drunken chief to go with her to a secluded spot. After a struggle, she stabbed the Comanche to death with his own knife, scalped him, and took his beaded breechcloth and moccasins. Stealing a horse, Gouyen rode back to her camp. She presented her in-laws with the Comanche leader's scalp and clothing as evidence of her triumphant revenge.
Battle of Tres Castillos.
Gouyen was a member of Victorio's band during their final days evading U.S. and Mexican troops along the U.S.-Mexican border. On October 14, 1880, the group was resting at Tres Castillos, Mexico when they were surrounded and attacked by Mexican soldiers. Victorio and 77 other Apache were killed, and several taken prisoner. Only 17 Apache escaped, including Gouyen and her young son "Kaywaykla". Her infant daughter was said to have been killed in the attack.
Later life.
Gouyen married a second time, to an Apache warrior named "Kaytennae". He also escaped during the Battle of Tres Castillos. Afterward, "Kaytennae" was a member of Nana and Geronimo's band during the early 1880s. He and Gouyen escaped with Geronimo from the San Carlos Reservation in 1883.
During their maneuvers to evade capture, Gouyen saved Kaytennae's life by killing a man who was trying to ambush him. In 1886, Gouyen and her family were taken prisoner by the U.S. Army, along with others in Geronimo's band. They were held as prisoners of war at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, where she died in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="5849096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849096" title="Yangdong Folk Village">
Yangdong Folk Village

Yangdong Folk Village (Yangdong Village of Gyeongju) is a traditional village from the Joseon Dynasty. The village is located in Gangdong-myeon, sixteen kilometers northeast of Gyeongju, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea, along the Hyeongsan River. Mt. Seolchang stands to the north of the village. The village is designated as Important Folklore Materials No. 189 by the South Korean government.
The size, degree of preservation, numerous cultural assets, traditionalism, beautiful natural setting all contribute to the importance of Yangdong Village. It is also a fine example of the yangban (Korean aristocracy) lifestyle and Neo-Confucian traditions.
The village is listed by the South Korean government with UNESCO as a World Heritage site with Hahoe Folk Village in 2010.
Overview.
The village was founded by Son So (孫昭 1433-1484). The household of the Wolseong Son clan was placed on an auspicious site according to Korean theories of "pungsu" (geomancy). Son So and his wife, the daughter of Yu Bok Ha had a daughter who married Yi Beon of the Yeogang Yi family. The marriage produced one of the eighteen sages of Korea, Yi Unjeok. The village of Yangdon has continued since its auspicious beginning in the 15th century.
Although some of the village is unoccupied today, the overall the village has over 160 tile-roofed and thatched-roof homes built throughout the dense forest. Fifty-four historic homes over 200 years old have also been preserved. The village preserves folk customs as well as traditional buildings of traditional Joseon Dynasty architecture. Seobaekodang is the primary home of the Wolseong Son Family. Mucheomdang, is the primary house of the Yeogang Yi family. Hyangdan is National Treasure No. 412. Ihayangjeon and Simsujeong pavilions, and the Ganghakdang village school are also notable structures of the village as well as Gwangajeong and Sonsoyeongjeong. Tonggamsokpyeon, a book printed on movable metal type and National Treasure No. 283, is also located in the village.
A picture of the village as you enter it. 
Important folk materials at the village include: 
Other cultural properties include: 
The village follows the topography of the mountains and valleys and is shaped like an auspicious Hanja character. This arrangement has been carefully preserved. The homes of the Wolseong Son and Yeogang Yu clans, as well as their descendants' homes are located on the high ground of the mountains and valleys. The lower-class homes, characterized by their thatched roofs were built on lower ground. The village's organization highlights the severe social stratification characteristic of Joseon Dynasty society. Prince Charles visited Yangdong in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5849097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849097" title="Wise Woman">
Wise Woman


</doc>
<doc id="5849104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849104" title="Bertram Mackennal">
Bertram Mackennal

Sir Edgar Bertram Mackennal, KCVO (12 June 186310 October 1931), usually known as Bertram Mackennal, was an Australian sculptor, most famous for designing the coinage and stamps bearing the likeness of King George V. Signature: "BM".
Early life.
Bertram Mackennal was born in Fitzroy, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne, the second son of parents who were both of Scottish descent. His mother was Annabella, "née" Hyde, and his father was John Simpson Mackennal, a sculptor. John Mackennal provided Bertram his early training which was followed by studies at the school of design at the Melbourne National Gallery which he attended from 1878 to 1882. Marshall Wood, a visiting English sculptor, advised him to go Europe and promised employment. Mackennal left for London in 1882 to study at the National Gallery Schools, discovered Wood had died and shared a studio with Charles Douglas Richardson and Tom Roberts. In 1884 he visited Paris for further study and married a fellow student, Agnes Spooner.
Career.
On returning to England, Mackennal was appointed head of modelling and design at the Coalport Potteries, Shropshire early in 1886. In the same year he won a competition for the sculptured reliefs on the front of Parliament House, Melbourne, and returned to Australia in 1887 to execute these.
While in Australia, Mackennal obtained other commissions, including the figure over the doorway of Mercantile Chambers, Collins Street, Melbourne. Mackennal also met the visiting Sarah Bernhardt who strongly advised him to leave Australia and return to Paris. Mackennal borrowed money from Frank Stuart and arrived in Paris in 1891. In 1893 he had his first success when his full-length figure "Circe", now at the National Gallery of Victoria, obtained a "mention" at the Old Salon and created a good deal of interest. It was exhibited later at the Royal Academy where it also aroused great interest, partly because of the prudery of the hanging committee which insisted that the base should be covered. Commissions began flowing in, among them being the figures "Oceana" and "Grief" for the Union Club, Sydney. Two Melbourne commissions brought him to Australia again in 1901: the memorial to Sir William John Clarke at the Treasury Gardens, Melbourne, and the sculptures for the Springthorpe Memorial in Kew.
Mackennal returned to London, and among his works of this period were the fine pediment for the local government board office at Westminster, a Boer War memorial for Islington, and statues of Queen Victoria for Ballarat, Lahore, and Blackburn. In 1907 his marble group "The Earth and the Elements" was purchased for the National Gallery of British Art under the Chantrey Bequest, and in 1908 his "Diana Wounded" was also bought for the nation. This dual success brought Mackennal into great prominence, and he was elected an associate of the Royal Academy in 1909. He also designed the medals for the 1908 London Olympic Games.
In 1910 Mackennal designed the Coronation Medal for King George V and also won the important commission for the obverse design (the monarch's head) of the new coinage needed for the new reign from 1911, from which he developed the new design for the King's head on British postage stamps. This is certainly his most enduring design. His initials, B.M., can be seen on the truncation of the King's neck on the obverse of all British coins of George V. His next important work was the memorial to Thomas Gainsborough at Sudbury, which was followed by the memorial tomb of King Edward VII at St. George's Chapel, Windsor. Mackennal also sculpted statues of King Edward VII for London, Melbourne, Calcutta and Adelaide.
Mackennal was the first Australian artist to be knighted. He was created a Knight Commander of the Victorian Order in 1921 by H.M. King George V on the occasion of the unveiling of the London equestrian statue of King Edward VII. He was elected R.A. in 1922.
Late life.
Among Mackennal's later works were the nude male figure for the Eton War Memorial, the war memorial to the members of both houses of parliament in London, the figures of the soldier and the sailor for the cenotaph in Martin Place, Sydney, the bronze statue of King George V at Old Parliament House, Canberra, and the head of "Victory", presented to the Commonwealth by the artist, also at Canberra. He completed the Desert Mounted Corps memorial at the Suez Canal from the designs of Charles Web Gilbert a little while before his death. Sir Bertram Mackennal died suddenly from rupture of abdominal aneurysm at his house, Watcombe Hall, near Torquay, Devon on 10 October 1931; he was survived by Lady Mackennal and a daughter.
See also.
Visual arts of Australia

</doc>
<doc id="5849118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849118" title="Gloria Estefan albums discography">
Gloria Estefan albums discography

The album discography of the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan consists of twenty studio albums, nine compilations, and seven EPs (combining Estefan's releases with her band, the Miami Sound Machine, and her solo releases). With estimated sales of 100 million of records worldwide, she is the most successful female Latin crossover artist ever.
Although they had been recording since the mid-1970s, Estefan's breakthrough came when Miami Sound Machine released the single "Dr. Beat" in Europe in 1984. Though a major hit there, the band didn't make a commercial impact in the United States until the following year with the release of the single, "Conga", which became a signature-song for Estefan. Both of the corresponding albums ("Eyes of Innocence" and "Primitive Love") were credited to Miami Sound Machine. Their next album, 1987's "Let It Loose" (titled as "Anything For You" in Europe) was credited to Gloria Estefan and Miami Sound Machine. All further albums after 1989's "Cuts Both Ways" onwards were credited solely to Estefan herself, though Miami Sound Machine continues to be her backing band and perform with her live to the present day.
Estefan has also recorded many albums in Spanish, and her 1993 album, "Mi Tierra", is one of the most successful Spanish-language albums released in the USA. The album was also an international hit and became the first album in Spain to gain a Diamond certification (for sales in excess of 1 million copies).
Miami Sound Machine (1977–1989).
This section includes the discography for the band Miami Sound Machine, led by Estefan and Emilio Estefan Jr..
The band formed in 1977 and released a total of eleven studio albums, one compilation and two remix EPs. The first seven studio albums released by the group were entirely in Spanish. Their first English-language release was their 1984 album, "Eyes Of Innocence" which featured the European hit "Dr. Beat". Success in the United States came the following year with the release of the single "Conga", taken from the album "Primitive Love" which has since been certified Triple Platinum in the US.
By 1987, the group were credited as Gloria Estefan & Miami Sound Machine for the album "Let It Loose" (released in Europe as "Anything For You"). The album became the band's biggest seller, though no further releases were credited to Miami Sound Machine from 1991 onwards when Estefan effectively became a solo artist (though the band were credited on the inner cover of her 1989 album "Cuts Both Ways" before dropping their name in that same year.) Since the 1990s, the members of Miami Sound Machine continue to be credited individually as session musicians on Estefan's albums, and they continue to be her backing band during live performances.

</doc>
<doc id="5849119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849119" title="Embassy of Iceland, Ottawa">
Embassy of Iceland, Ottawa

The Embassy of Iceland in Ottawa provides Icelandic diplomatic representation in Canada. The embassy is also responsible for Iceland's relations with Belize, Bolivia, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Honduras, Panama, Peru, Nicaragua, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The Consulate General in Winnipeg, Manitoba, falls within the Embassy's jurisdiction. The Icelandic Trade Representative in New York serves as Trade Representative to Canada as well .
The embassy was established in May 2001 and is located on the 7th floor of Constitution Square Tower 1, an office building in the city's downtown.

</doc>
<doc id="5849125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849125" title="Oskar Panizza">
Oskar Panizza

Leopold Hermann Oskar Panizza (12 November 1853 – 28 September 1921) was a German psychiatrist and avant-garde author, playwright, novelist, poet, essayist, publisher and literary journal editor. He is best known for his provocative tragicomedy, "Das Liebeskonzil" ("The Love Council", 1894), for which he served a one-year prison sentence after being convicted in Munich in 1895 on 93 counts of blasphemy. Upon his release from prison, he lived for eight years in exile, first in Zürich and later in Paris.
His deteriorating mental health forced him to return to Germany, where he spent his last sixteen years in an asylum in Bayreuth. The scandal-ridden Panizza suffered more than any other German author under the repressive censorship imposed during the reign of Kaiser Wilhelm II.
Biography.
Early years.
Panizza was born in Bad Kissingen, northern Bavaria (Lower Franconia), to Karl (1808–1855) and Mathilde Panizza, née Speeth (1821–1915). Karl was descended from a family of Italian fishermen on Lake Como. Mathilde, herself a prolific writer under the pseudonym Siona, was descended from an aristocratic Huguenot family by the name of de Meslère. Oskar's four siblings were Maria (1846–1925), Felix (1848–1908), Karl (1852–1916) and Ida (1855–1922).
Religious friction between Oskar's parents began even before their marriage. When Oskar was two years old, his Catholic father died of typhoid. On his deathbed, Karl granted Mathilde permission to raise their five children in the Protestant faith, despite the fact that they had all been baptized Catholic at his insistence. It was only after years of struggling and several lost trials that King Maximilian II of Bavaria finally granted Mathilde permission to educate her children in the Protestant faith.
Mathilde Panizza was the proprietor of the Hotel Russischer Hof, purchased in 1850, a renowned establishment that catered to Russian nobility and other distinguished guests in the popular spa town. By his own and his mother's accounts, Oskar was a rebellious and difficult child. In 1863, the nine-year-old was enrolled in the Pietistic boarding school in Kornthal, Württemberg. In 1869 he transferred to the humanistic Gymnasium (school) in Schweinfurt. Two years later, Mathilde reluctantly agreed to allow her seventeen-year-old son to continue his studies in Munich, where he had to repeat the first year before he dropped out of school altogether to pursue a short-lived singing career.
From psychiatrist to poet.
After fulfilling his military service as a conscript in the Bavarian army, followed by a grave bout of cholera, Panizza returned to his old Gymnasium in Schweinfurt. There he finally received his "Abitur" degree at the advanced age of 24. Later in 1877 he enrolled at the Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich, where he completed his medical studies in 1880 with a dissertation on microorganisms in sputum. After some months in Paris pursuing his twin interests of psychiatry and poetry, he returned to Munich to become an assistant to Dr. Bernhard von Gudden, one of Germany's leading psychiatrists. During the two years that Panizza worked for Gudden, he was colleagues with Emil Kraepelin, who would later also become a renowned psychiatrist.
A turning point in Panizza's life came in 1883, when the thirty-year-old convinced his mother, who had profitably sold her hotel, to establish a trust that would provide him with an annual allowance of six thousands marks. With this financial backing, he abandoned medicine in 1884 and devoted himself exclusively to literary pursuits. While suffering a major depression that year, Panizza had discovered the curative and therapeutic value of writing. His first three volumes of poetry were rather crude constructions in jagged tetrameter, consciously inspired by Heinrich Heine: "Düstre Lieder" (1886), "Londoner Lieder" (1887) and "Legendäres und Fabelhaftes" (1889).
The Munich Moderns.
Panizza's first collection of fiction, "Dämmrungsstücke", appeared in 1890, received a modest amount of critical acclaim in the press and brought him to the attention of Germany's leading literary figures. By the end of 1890, the obscure psychiatrist had gotten to know most of the Munich "Moderns," as the young naturalists called themselves, including Frank Wedekind, Otto Julius Bierbaum and Max Halbe. The most significant of these was Michael Georg Conrad, editor of the influential journal "Die Gesellschaft" since 1885. The two Franconians became close friends, and from 1890 to 1896 Panizza published over forty articles in "Die Gesellschaft" on widely varied topics, ranging from theater reviews to theoretical considerations of prostitution.
Panizza became an avid member of the "Gesellschaft für modernes Leben" (Society for Modern Life), which Conrad founded in 1890 together with Detlev von Liliencron, Otto Julius Bierbaum, Julius Schaumberger, Hanns von Gumppenberger and Georg Schaumberg. One of Panizza's notable presentations was a lecture in 1891 titled "Genie und Wahnsinn" (Genius and Madness), which drew heavily on the work of Cesare Lombroso. Of particular interest even today are Panizza's discussions of hallucinations and model psychosis, hashish and the hallucinatory basis of religion.
With the publication in 1893 of "Die unbefleckte Empfängnis der Päpste" (The Immaculate Conception of the Popes), Panizza embarked on a path of militant anti-Catholicism. This work and a subsequent polemic, "Der teutsche Michel und der römische Papst" (The German Fool and the Roman Pope, 1894), were confiscated by the district attorney and banned from the German Empire.
Another 1893 book by Panizza, "The Operated Jew", is an antisemitic novel written from a medical perspective.
"Das Liebeskonzil".
The work that was to unalterably change his life was "Das Liebeskonzil" (The Love Council), which was published in Zürich in October 1894. Subtitled "A Heavenly Tragedy in Five Acts," it is set in 1495, the first historically documented outbreak of syphilis. In scenes alternating between heaven, hell and the Vatican, "Das Liebeskonzil" portrays the dreaded venereal disease as God's vengeance on his sexually hyperactive human creatures, especially those surrounding Pope Alexander VI (Rodrigo Borgia). The play was produced as "Le Concil D'Amour" in Paris in 1969 by The Théâtre de Paris. With 'scandalous' costumes by Leonor Fini the play won numerous awards, including the prestigious "Le Prix des Critiques" for Fini's costumes and sets.
Most shocking of all was Panizza's naturalistic depiction of the entities worshipped by Catholics: God appears as a senile old fool, Christ is dimwitted and weak, while a slutty Mary is the one firmly in control of negotiations with the devil. Satan's assignment is to develop a suitable punishment that will devastate sinners’ bodies but still leave their souls capable of salvation. Together with Salome, the devil fathers a beautiful woman, who will spread the poison (originally a "virus" in Panizza's manuscript) among unsuspecting humans.
Even though the work appeared in Switzerland, the district attorney in Munich charged Panizza with 93 counts of blasphemy in violation of §166 of the Imperial "Strafgesetzbuch" (Criminal Code). As a result, Panizza became an instant literary celebrity, with authors ranging from a teenaged Thomas Mann to Theodor Fontane, the 76-year-old dean of German letters, weighing in on one side or the other of the raging debate. In April 1895, Panizza was convicted after a one-day trial, for which had written an extensive literary defense. After several failed appeals, Panizza served his full 12-month sentence at the prison in Amberg, where he was released in August 1896.
Swiss Sojourn.
After serving his prison sentence, Panizza moved to Zurich, where he founded the journal "Zürcher Diskussionen", which dealt with all aspects of "modern life." Between 1897 and 1902, he published 32 issues of the journal, which contained mostly his own articles, often appearing under such pseudonyms as Hans Kirstemaecker, Louis Andrée, Hans Detmar and Sven Heidenstamm. Some of the more intriguing articles range from "A Psychopathological Discussion of Christ" to "The Pig in its Poetical, Mythological and Cultural-Historical Aspects."
Among the literary works published during his Swiss exile in 1898 were the political satire "Psichopatia Criminalis" and the historical drama "Nero". Throughout his Swiss sojourn, Panizza's mental health gradually began to deteriorate. His orthography also became more deviant, as his spelling grew progressively more phonetic.
At the end of 1898, Panizza was abruptly expelled from Switzerland after being declared an undesirable alien. The reasoning behind this expulsion remains unclear. Although there was a complaint against the author by a fifteen-year-old prostitute, Olga, who served Panizza as a photographic model, there were no charges filed. It may have been a heightened fear of foreign anarchists that led to his expulsion. At any rate, he once more packed up his belongings, including his extensive library of ten thousand books, and moved to Paris.
"Parisjana".
The six years Panizza spent in Paris were not nearly as productive as the preceding ones. By the end of 1899, he had completed 97 poems in tetrameter, which may be the most vitriolic anti-German verse written by a German poet in the nineteenth century. These poems appeared in the collection "Parisjana" (1899), the last book to be published by Panizza. He characterized this volume as a work "in which the author's personal opponent, Wilhelm II, is portrayed as the public enemy of mankind and culture." As a result of his libelous poetry directed against the Kaiser, Panizza was charged with lèse-majesté and his entire trust fund was impounded. When he could no longer pay the rent, he returned to Munich in April 1901 and turned himself in to the authorities.
After several months of incarceration, including extensive psychiatric examinations at the same institution where twenty years previously he had worked as a young doctor, Panizza was diagnosed with systematic paranoia. All criminal charges were dropped due to insanity, and he was free to return to Paris, where he lived for three more years.
Demise.
Panizza's progressive paranoia and auditory hallucinations propelled him back to Munich in 1904. After an unsuccessful suicide attempt, his failure to be admitted to the psychiatric clinic, and the refusal of his 84-year-old mother to even see him, in October 1904 he provoked his own arrest by striding down the bustling Leopoldstraße wearing only a shirt.
In 1905 Panizza was admitted to Herzogshöhe, an asylum for wealthy heart and circulatory patients on the outskirts of Bayreuth. After being declared mentally incompetent, he was placed under the tutelage of a brother and later Deacon Friedrich Lippert, who had befriended him during his imprisonment at Amberg. He spent the last sixteen years of his life in this institution, where he died of a stroke in 1921. He is buried in an unmarked grave in the Bayreuth municipal cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5849147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849147" title="Crystal Springs Dam">
Crystal Springs Dam

Crystal Springs Dam is a gravity dam constructed across the San Mateo Creek, impounding water to form the Lower Crystal Springs Reservoir in San Mateo County, California. It was among the first concrete gravity dams built in the western United States.
The structure was completed in 1888, and has survived both the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake — despite its location directly on the San Andreas Fault. The designer was Hermann Schussler, Chief Engineer of the Spring Valley Water Company. The dam was constructed by using large blocks poured separately, and allowed to set before adjoining blocks were poured. The unique feature of this dam is the fact that none of the horizontal or vertical joints match up. Schussler was also very demanding that the concrete be batched in the exact proportions of his mix design. Although this dam was erected about 100 yards east of the San Andreas fault line and was subject to severe shaking it survived relatively undamaged.
The dam has a road running over it and forms the trailhead of the popular Sawyer Camp Trail. Currently the dam is undergoing renovations. The dam is being raised to increase the water storage capacity of the reservoir as well as other changes. The roadway on top of the dam is closed.

</doc>
<doc id="5849161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849161" title="Jandu">
Jandu

Jandu is a Sikh surname.
Notable people.
Jaswinder Singh Jandu WV11

</doc>
<doc id="5849162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849162" title="List of shipwrecks in 1991">
List of shipwrecks in 1991

The list of shipwrecks in 1991 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="5849167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849167" title="Movie Surfers">
Movie Surfers

Movie Surfers is a Disney Channel mini-show, that appears in commercial-like form, where teenagers go behind the scenes of Walt Disney-related films. It started out as a TV special that would air when a new Disney movie came out. It was about teenagers communicating with each other via webcams and getting info about the movies. Now, it also appears as 5-minute segments after a Disney Channel movie or series ends.
In 1997 when the show began, Mischa, Lindsay, Alexis, and Marcus used the computer to surf the internet to go behind the scenes of upcoming movies. Starting in 2002, they began sitting in a screening room and talking to various actors and actresses of the movie and what inspired the movie. Since early 2005, there's been a brand new cast: Rose, who left early 2006 and was replaced by Stevanna, Josh, Jeryn, and Tessa. They still sit in a screening room but have branched out to do more interactive segments in which they might get to actually get in on some of the filming process themselves.
In 2009, Disney XD started airing "Movie Surfers". sometimes during commercial breaks..

</doc>
<doc id="5849173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849173" title="Brooke Dillman">
Brooke Dillman

Brooke Dillman (born Brooke Alley on August 22, 1966 in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American actress and comedian best known as a series regular maternal roles on the skit comedy "Blue Collar TV".
Career.
Dillman earned a degree in theater at the University of Missouri in 1988 and then headed for Chicago. While in Chicago, Dillman created several of her favorite characters in the local theater scene, including stints at the Factory Theatre and the Organic Theatre. She then moved to Los Angeles in 1998 and was featured in TV commercials prior to being cast as a regular on the variety series "The Wayne Brady Show".
Other roles followed, such as the weather-casting nun, Sister Brenda Trogman, in NBC's "Good Morning, Miami", a blind date for Michael Scott in the NBC's "The Office" episode "Chair Model" from season 4, and a recurring role on HBO's "Six Feet Under". Dillman has appeared in the feature films "National Lampoon's Barely Legal", "Larceny", "Pot of Gold", and "Superbad". After the final season of the sketch comedy TV series "Blue Collar TV", in which she was a regular cast member, Dillman reunited with "Blue Collar" comedian Larry the Cable Guy in his recent film "".
She also appeared on the YouTube comedy-mystery web series 'Where the Bears Are' in Episode 7 "A bear and Honey" on 23 Aug 2012 as 'Honey Garrett'.
She also has a recurring role in the Disney XD show "Kickin' It" as Joan, the security guard at the strip mall.
Dillman also played a role in Good Luck Charlie as Karen, Amy's boss.

</doc>
<doc id="5849175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849175" title="Viola Jimulla">
Viola Jimulla

Viola Jimulla (1878–1966) was the Chief of the Prescott Yavapai tribe. She became Chief when her husband, who was also a Chief of the tribe, died in an accident in 1940. She remained Chief until her death. She was known for improving living conditions, and for her work with the Presbyterian Church.
Biography.
Viola Jimulla was born in 1878 on the San Carlos Apache Reservation. She was named Sica-tuva, "Born Quickly," by her parents, Who-wah, "Singing Cricket" and Ka-hava-soo-ah, "Turquoise Bead in Nose." When attending Rice Indian School and the Phoenix Indian School she took the name Viola and her stepfather’s last name, Phelhame. 
In 1900 she went to live with her family in the vicinity of Prescott. In 1901, she married Sam “Red Ants” Jimulla, raised a family, and became an active part of the tribal community as well as the Prescott community. Viola added in her own energy and action to her husband’s quiet leadership. Her ability to care for and work with both the Indian and Anglo cultures would have a long lasting benefit for her tribe and for the greater Prescott area. In 1935, the Jimullas worked with local and national officials to set aside of land for the Prescott-Yavapai Indian Reservation. In the 1950s, the reservation was enlarged to . That same year Sam was appointed chief of the Prescott Yavapais by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and was officially elected chief by the tribe. 
Career as chief.
After Sam’s accidental death in 1940, Viola became Chieftess of the Prescott Yavapai Native American tribe. For twenty-six years, until her death on December 7, 1966, Viola guided her tribe with wisdom and kindness. Her leadership helped the Yavapais achieve better living conditions and more modern facilities than most other tribes. 
Jimulla's personal strengths and skills helped her people adapt and grow with the surrounding Anglo community. Although Jimulla formed a bridge between the two cultures, Anglo and Indian, she still honored the traditions of her tribe. Not only was Jimulla a great leader for her tribe, she was also influential in religious matters. She was the first Yavapai to be baptized into the Presbyterian Church. In 1922, she and others of her tribe revitalized the Yavapai Indian Mission to become the Presbyterian Mission. Jimulla served the mission as an elder, a Sunday School superintendent, and an interpreter. In 1950, she became a commissioner to the General Assembly of the United Presbyterian Church in Cincinnati where she made a speech on behalf of the mission. In 1951, the mission became an organized church and later, in 1957, it was reorganized as the Trinity Presbyterian Church which recognized the three founding entities – the new Presbyterians in Prescott, the founding church, and the Presbyterian Indian people.
Under Jimulla’s leadership, The Prescott Yavapai Tribal Council was formed to better ensure the people's voice in their own governing. Jimulla's descendents continued to guide her people. Two of her daughters, Grace Mitchell and Lucy Miller, became chieftess in the years following their mother's death. In 1986, Viola was elected to the Arizona Women’s Hall of Fame. A statue of Viola teaching basketry to a young Yavapai is in the lobby of the Prescott Resort and Conference Center. The young girl in the statue is her granddaughter Patricia McGee, who, in 1972, became tribal president.

</doc>
<doc id="5849196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849196" title="Chimera (Andromeda album)">
Chimera (Andromeda album)

Chimera is the third album by the progressive metal band Andromeda, released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5849200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849200" title="Frank Cotton">
Frank Cotton

Frank Stanley Cotton (30 April 1890 – 23 August 1955) was an Australian lecturer in physiology, specialising in the study of the effects of physical strain on the human body.
Early life.
Frank Stanley Cotton was born on 30 April 1890 at Camperdown, Sydney, New South Wales. He was the son of Australian politician Francis Cotton (1857-1942), and brother of Shackleton expeditioner and geology professor, Leo Arthur Cotton (1883-1963). Pioneer art photographer Olive Cotton was his niece. He attended Sydney Boys High School in 1904-08.
Inventions.
In 1940, whilst at the University of Sydney, Professor Cotton invented the "Cotton aerodynamic anti-G flying suit" (G-suit), which prevented pilots from blacking out when making high speed turns or pulling out of a dive. This was used extensively by pilots in the Allied air forces during World War II.
Cotton was also responsible for the ergometer, a machine to test the athletic potential of sportsmen and women. Cotton claimed through this machine to have discovered the swimmers Jon Henricks and Judy-Joy Davies. The Australian swimming coach, Forbes Carlile, began his career as an assistant to Cotton.
Later life.
On 23 August 1955, Frank Cotton died at Hornsby, New South Wales.
See also.
Sidney Cotton (believed to be related)

</doc>
<doc id="5849210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849210" title="William Rabun">
William Rabun

William Rabun (April 8, 1771 – October 24, 1819) was an American jurist and politician.
Rabun was a member of the Georgia House of Representatives and Georgia Senate in addition to serving as the 29th Governor of Georgia from 1817 to 1819.
He was born in Halifax County, North Carolina and moved with his parents to current-day Hancock County, Georgia around 1786. He died at his home in Hancock County and was originally buried in the Martin family cemetery; however, his grave was moved to the Powelton Baptist Church in Powelton, Georgia in 1985.
Rabun County, Georgia was named in honor of William Rabun.

</doc>
<doc id="5849211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849211" title="Paul Fried">
Paul Fried

Paul Fried may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5849214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849214" title="Abet Guidaben">
Abet Guidaben

Alberto "Abet" Guidaben (born 1952) is a former Philippine Basketball Association basketball player. He was part of the fabled Crispa Redmanizers ballclub that won two Grand Slams, in 1976 and 1983. He was a two-time Most Valuable Player awardee, in 1983 and 1987, joining a select few who are multiple winners of the award such as Bogs Adornado, Ramon Fernandez, Alvin Patrimonio, Benjie Paras, Danny Ildefonso, Willie Miller and James Yap.
Collegiate/Amateur Career.
He started his career with the Agoho (Mambajao, Camiguin Province) Pirates and the University of San Jose - Recoletos. Then in 1973, Guidaben became part of the Crispa team in the old Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association (MICAA). Later that year, he and Crispa teammate Adornado were named to the Philippine team that won the 1973 Asian Basketball Confederation (ABC) held in Manila. The two also played for the national team that played in the 1974 Mundo Basket (the World Championship) held in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
The Crispa-Floro duo were again in the national team skippered by Jaworski for the 1974 Asian Games in Teheran.
PBA career.
In the PBA, Guidaben was a "late-bloomer" with Crispa. During the league's early years, he played in the shadows of his more illustrious teammates like Philip Cezar, Atoy Co and Bogs Adornado. But slowly, his talent as a big man emerged and became one of Crispa's greatest assets. He was already a good rebounder but later developed a strong inside game complimented with accurate off-the-glass jumpers from the perimeter. He was also one of the earliest dunkers in the PBA making the slam dunk vogue in the league a decade before the arrival of highflyers like Samboy Lim, Paul "Bong" Alvarez, Vergel Meneses and Nelson Asaytono. Guidaben also had a great rivalry with Toyota's Fernandez which was considered a classic in itself. Known as the "Pride of Camiguin," Guidaben won MVP honors in 1983 while with Crispa and 1987 while with San Miguel Beer. Unfortunately, Guidaben wound up as a journeyman of sorts having played for eight teams. Aside from Crispa and San Miguel, he also dribbled for Manila Beer, Tanduay, Purefoods, Alaska Milk, Pepsi Mega and Shell Rimula X.
He finished his illustrious PBA career as the No. 2 leading scorer with 15,775 points (behind Fernandez' 18,996), No. 2 in total rebounds with 8,570, No. 2 in defensive rebounds with 6,197, No. 1 in offensive rebounds with 2,373 and No. 1 in games played with 1,081. He also had 2,284 assists, 340 steals and 922 blocks in 29,577:10 total minutes played (No. 3 behind Fernandez and Patrimonio). He finished with career averages of 14.6 ppg, 7.9 rpg, 2.1 apg, 77.6% FT (2,875/3,707), 53.1% FG (6,420/12,092).
PBA's 25 Greatest Players.
In 2000, he was named as one of the PBA's 25 greatest players of all-time in elaborate awards ceremonies that highlighted the 25th year anniversary of the league.
After his retirement, he went into the construction business.

</doc>
<doc id="5849217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849217" title="Janmeja">
Janmeja

Janmeja (also known as Jaymeja and Janmayjay) is the name for a gotra of Jats found in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.A branch of this gotra is located in village GOHARNI,near Shamli in Uttar Pradesh

</doc>
<doc id="5849221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849221" title="Fortescue, New Jersey">
Fortescue, New Jersey

Fortescue is an unincorporated community on the southern coast of New Jersey, in Delaware Bay. It has a population of about 400.
During the late 1970s and mid 1980s, Fortescue experienced the best fishing it had ever seen. Anglers were catching massive amounts of weakfish every summer. Fortescue is the self-proclaimed "weakfish capital of the world".
Fortescue is part of the Fortescue State Wildlife Management Area which is located in Downe Township, in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States, and makes up 1,160.52 acres.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Fortescue has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="5849240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849240" title="Charles Web Gilbert">
Charles Web Gilbert

Charles Marsh Web Gilbert (18 March 1867 – 3 October 1925) was a self-taught Australian sculptor renowned both within Australia and abroad.
Gilbert was born near Maryborough, Victoria. His father died when he was two months old, and his mother was left with three young children. Gilbert received a state school education but began to earn his living before he was 10 years old. Coming to Melbourne, he obtained a position at Parer's hotel where he eventually became a chef. It has been stated that the modelling of ornaments for wedding cakes first turned his thoughts in the direction of sculpture. He entered the national gallery drawing school in 1888 and attended for two and a half years, but never went on to the painting school. In the late 1890s he began to exhibit at the Yarra Sculptors' Society and the Victorian Artists' Society. Until 1905 his work was all in marble and when he began experimenting in casting in bronze he met with many difficulties and could find no one in Melbourne to help him. He persevered, became an excellent caster, and among others did portrait heads in bronze of John Mather, A. McClintock, John Shirlow, Hugh McCrae and Bernard O'Dowd. The last was acquired for the National Gallery of Victoria in 1913 under the Felton bequest.
In May 1914, encouraged and helped by an American resident of Melbourne, Hugo Meyer, Gilbert went to London and in spite of the war persevered with his work as he was well over military age . He exhibited at the Royal Academy where the sincerity of his work met with early appreciation, and in 1917 his marble head "The Critic" was purchased for the Tate Gallery through the Chantrey Bequest. He was nominated also for an associateship of the Royal Academy. He was then employed as a war artist by the Commonwealth government and made, for the war museum, many models of land over which the Australians fought. He returned to Australia in 1920 and completed the 2nd Division monument, which was afterwards unveiled at Mont St. Quentin in the presence of Marshal Foch.
His other war memorials include large and dramatic bronze sculptures of Australian soldiers in public streets in Broken Hill in New South Wales and the City of Burnside in South Australia, as well as those for the Melbourne University medical school and the Victorian Chamber of Manufacturers. Another important work was the group of three figures for the Flinders memorial which stands outside St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne. His next important piece of work was the Australian Memorial for Port Said. Gilbert had always been accustomed to doing everything for himself, and wore himself out carrying clay for the huge full size model and died suddenly on 3 October 1925. His first marriage was unfortunate and was dissolved. He married again while in London and left a widow with two sons and a daughter.
Gilbert is buried at Coburg Cemetery, Preston, Victoria. His grave is included in a self-guided heritage walk at the cemetery and information about his life and death are available on a sign posted at his graveside.

</doc>
<doc id="5849241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849241" title="North Carolina Highway 150">
North Carolina Highway 150

North Carolina Highway 150 (NC 150) is a primary state highway in the state of North Carolina. It serves the Foothills and Piedmont Triad areas of the state, connecting the cities of Shelby, Mooresville, Salisbury and Winston-Salem.
Route description.
NC 150 described from its eastern terminus to its western terminus:
Caswell, Rockingham, and Guilford counties.
NC 150 travels west from its eastern terminus at US 158 in rural Caswell County on a winding two-lane road into Rockingham County. Shortly after crossing the county line, NC 150 has a short mile-long concurrency with NC 87 through the unincorporated community of Williamsburg. NC 150 exits the concurrency to the south, crossing into Guilford County shortly thereafter. After turning right at a junction with NC 61, the two-lane route continues through the small community of Monticello before coming to an interchange with Future I-785/US 29. 
Slowing to a speed limit after the interchange, NC 150 enters the heart of Browns Summit, the first of three northern Greensboro suburbs the route passes through. After passing through a small road kink at a railroad crossing in Browns Summit, the route makes its way out of town and into a rural area. As NC 150 approaches Summerfield (another suburb), numerous housing developments can be seen on either side of the road. The route passes through Summerfield's center, sharing a short concurrency with US 220 northbound, a stretch, which may be upgraded to Future I-73 in the future. Continuing west again, NC 150 enters the final Greensboro suburb of Oak Ridge, where it passes by the Oak Ridge Military Academy at its intersection with NC 68. NC 150 continues on a southwest course out of Oak Ridge and Guilford County.
Forsyth County.
After Oak Ridge, NC 150 passes into Forsyth County on its way to Kernersville at the heart of the Piedmont Triad region. Entering the town from the northeast, NC 150 joins North Carolina Highway 66 through downtown. The NC 150 route switches onto the Business I-40/US 421 westbound freeway south of downtown. Continuing along the freeway, NC 150 crosses Salem Lake and enters the city of Winston-Salem. US 158 joins the concurrent routes for a short segment in downtown Winston-Salem, and exits at the Stratford Road interchange. NC 150 leaves the freeway at the Peters Creek Parkway exit. BB&T Ballpark is north of this interchange. Joining 4-lane Peters Creek Parkway southbound, NC 150 enters a commercial shopping district with numerous traffic signals. It passes by Marketplace Mall, crosses Silas Creek Parkway (NC 67), and has an interchange with I-40. NC 150 continues in a southbound direction, despite the route's east–west orientation, into Davidson County.
Davidson County.
After leaving Winston-Salem and Forysth County, the numerous shopping centers that aligned the road are replaced by housing developments. NC 150 becomes a two-lane road again as the highway continues southward (signed west) through the community of Arcadia. The highway passes through an interchange with US 64 and continues into the communities of Reeds and Tyro. Near the Churchland community, NC 150 takes an odd turn east, despite being signed west, toward I-85/US 29/70/52 to avoid crossing the Yadkin River. At I-85, NC 150's routing becomes unusual. The westbound NC 150 roadway merges onto I-85 southbound lanes and the routes are concurrent for about before NC 150 left exits with US 29/70 southward. Northbound US 29/70 and eastbound NC 150 enters I-85 northbound on the left and the NC 150 exit ramp is immediately on the right. Since it is nearly impossible for one traveling on NC 150 northbound to exit there, motorists are directed to the next exit, Clark Road, which returns to the main roadway using signs.
Rowan and Iredell counties.
Continuing on westbound NC 150, the route crosses the Yadkin into Rowan County along with US 29/70 on Wil-Cox Bridge while a new bridge is built. The three conjoined highways continue together through downtown Spencer, passing Spencer Shops, and split in downtown Salisbury. NC 150 heads due west once again toward Mooresville, crossing into Iredell County. 
Just outside Mooresville, NC 150 joins NC 152 for a short concurrency before splitting on a northern bypass route (Oak Ridge Farm Highway), skipping downtown Mooresville. After crossing NC 801 and NC 115, the highway enters a dense commercial shopping area along Plaza Drive. This stretch of road has witnessed massive growth in the early 2000s (decade) with the construction of numerous big box stores as a result of the growing popularity of nearby Lake Norman and the local NASCAR racing culture. As a consequence, NC 150 through western Mooresville was widened to a 4-lane boulevard in the early 2000s (decade). This developed area continues past NC 150's interchanges with US 21 and I-77. A few miles after crossing the Interstate, NC 150 returns to a two-lane road known as River Highway. The route enters the Lake Norman area, passing many businesses tailored to tourists, fishermen, and boating enthusiasts, before actually crossing the lake into Catawba County.
Catawba and Lincoln counties.
Immediately after crossing the only bridge across Lake Norman, Marshall Steam Station is visible on the right. NC 150 continues past the power plant through the lake-oriented communities of Terrell and Sherrills Ford, crossing over numerous tributaries of the lake/Catawba River. Shortly after meeting NC 16 at a four-way intersection, NC 150 crosses into Lincoln County. In Lincolnton, NC 150 and NC 27 join together for a two-mile (3 km) segment through a commercial district, splitting shortly after an interchange with the US 321 freeway. NC 150 continues southward, along with NC 155 and the business route of US 321, after the split east of downtown. Shortly outside the town, NC 150 splits from NC 155 and heads in a southwestly direction through Crouse and across the county line.
Gaston and Cleveland counties.
In Gaston County, NC 150 travels through central Cherryville, North Carolina, where it meets NC 274. After crossing into Cleveland County, the route travels through Waco and across a small part of Kings Mountain Reservoir. Shortly after crossing NC 180, NC 150 enters Shelby, where it joins US 74 Business westbound. In downtown, NC 150 switches roads to share NC 18 south out of town. Two miles after crossing the mainline US 74, NC 150 and NC 18 split. NC 150 heads due west to Boiling Springs, where the route turns due south across the Broad River to end at the South Carolina state line. SC 150 continues south across the line toward I-85 again and Gaffney, South Carolina.
History.
NC 150 was born around 1929 as a spur route from the first NC 15, which is now mostly part of US 29. Its first routing ran west from Salisbury to Mooresville. By 1931, the route was extended through Lincolnton to US 74 in Shelby. The highway previously linking Lincolnton and Shelby was designated as NC 206.
NC 150's massive extension east occurred in late 1939 or 1940, giving the route its current eastern terminus at US 158 and western terminus at the South Carolina state line. It was partially cosigned in parts with US 29/70/52, US 74, NC 18, and old alignment of NC 184. 
NC 150 underwent numerous realignments in the 1940s and 1950s in Winston-Salem with the construction of the new "parkways" (Silas Creek Parkway, Peters Creek Parkway, Corporation Parkway). Its alignment change in Kernersville, along with its extension along Peters Creek Parkway, occurred in 1994.
The segment of NC 150 through Mooresville was replaced with a northern bypass route in the late 1950s. In the 2000s (decade), NC 150 through Mooresville was widened to a four-lane boulevard, as was southern Peters Creek Parkway in southern Winston-Salem.
NC 150, once signed as North and South, was converted in 1982 to its current East and West signage and description.
Bannered routes.
Lincolnton alternate route.
North Carolina Highway 150A (NC 150A) was established in 1956 when NC 150 was rerouted onto new primary routing bypassing southeast of downtown Lincolnton; the old alignment became NC 150A. The route followed West Highway 150 to Riverside Drive, where it linked-up with NC 27. In concurrency, it goes through downtown area via Main Street and Court Square Drive before linking back with NC 150 at Generals Boulevard. In 1960, NC 150A was decommissioned, leaving NC 27 through most of it and downgrade for West Highway 150 (SR 1407).
Mooresville alternate route.
North Carolina Highway 150A (NC 150A) was established between 1950-1953 as a renumbering of NC 150 along McLand Street and Main Street through downtown Mooresville. Around 1955, NC 150 was completely removed from the downtown area and NC 150A was renumbered as NC 152.

</doc>
<doc id="5849242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849242" title="Anastasia Rodionova">
Anastasia Rodionova

Anastasia Rodionova (Pron: Rodi-o-nova) (; born 12 May 1982 in Tambov, Soviet Union) is a Russian-Australian professional female tennis player, and was the Australian No. 1 in doubles but has since been overtaken by Casey Dellaqua and Ashleigh Barty. She achieved her career high rank of #62 on 16 August 2010. She lives in Melbourne, Australia.
Representing Australia at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, Rodionova won the gold medal in both women's singles and women's doubles, and won the silver medal in mixed doubles.
She won the 2000 Russian Championships 18s in singles and doubles.
She was a finalist in Wimbledon 2003 in mixed doubles with Andy Ram.
Rodionova is an Official Ambassador for Guide Dogs Victoria since January 2009 and regularly visits puppies in training when home in Melbourne.
Biography.
Rodionova started to play tennis at age 7, but she was introduced to tennis much earlier. Her father Ivan was an amateur player so instead of toys, Rodionova had tennis balls in her pram. He coached her until 18 years old when she left Tambov, Russia and moved to Germany to practice for 3 years before returning to Moscow to live in 2003. She has resided in Melbourne, Australia since 2005. Rodionova's sister Arina has also been a professional tennis player since 2004.
Career.
2006–2007.
In 2006, after reaching the 2nd round in the 2nd tier tournament in Los Angeles, Rodionova entered the Top 100 WTA rankings for the first time in her career. At the US Open she became one of the leading players after making it to the 3rd round (her best result in singles at a Grand Slam tournament to date). This catapulted Rodionova to 81 in the world. In doubles with Elena Vesnina she also reached the WTA tournament final in Bangalore, India and she captured her 11th ITF title in Italy in partnership with her sister Arina Rodionova. 
In 2007 Rodionova played a whopping 28 WTA tournaments. At the Australian Open Grand Slam she reached the 2nd round but lost to world number 2 and eventual finalist, Maria Sharapova. In Miami's Tier 1 tournament Rodionova took more games off the eventual tournament champion Serena Williams in her 2nd round defeat than any other person in that tournament. In the Estoril Open, Portugal, Rodionova won her 2nd title in doubles with Andreea Ehritt-Vanc from Romania. Together they also made the finals in Morocco. In the 1st tier tournament in Los Angeles Rodionova made the semi-finals, partnering with Tatiana Poutchek. In Guangzhou, China Rodionova reached the singles semi-final but was unable to finish the match due to heat stroke. At the Tashkent Open, Rodionova once again teamed up with Tatiana Poutchek making the final, but lost in 3 sets to Ekaterina Dzehalevich and Anastasiya Yakimova. Rodionova ended the year ranked 78th place in singles.
2008.
Rodionova started the new 2008 season in New Zealand, but it began unsuccessfully as she was forced to retire in the opening round due to eye problems, where she was experiencing double vision. After a short-course of treatment in Melbourne, Rodionova began preparations for the Australian Open. There she played under the Australian flag for the first time and reached the 2nd round, losing to Katarina Srebotnik. ((cn)) In the next few tournaments of Pattaya, Doha and Dubai Rodionova struggled with her vision with three 1st round defeats in singles, but made a doubles semi-final with Arina at the Pattaya Open. Then success increased remarkably, resulting in her gaining several considerable victories over the multiple top 30 players. In India she defeated the number 20 in the world Sybille Bammer from Austria on the way to the quarter-final, where she went down to Serena Williams. She carried that confidence through the USA series, passing qualification in Miami and reaching the 2nd round and making the 3rd round in Charleston, losing to Jelena Janković.
May 2008 saw the beginning of a spate of injuries that significantly hampered the rest of her year, taking 1st round honours in tournaments that she would have otherwise performed much more brightly. Movement did not restrict her as much in doubles and she made quarter finals in a Moscow ITF, semi-finals in New Haven, 3rd round in the US Open, and semi-final in Guangzhou. However, it was clear that without major hip surgery, Rodionova's career would forever be handicapped so in September she underwent a specialised operation in Melbourne and spent the remainder of the year in rehabilitation. 
Rodionova underwent major hip surgery in September 2008 in Melbourne to treat an injury that she had carried since Wimbledon 2003.
2009.
Results were restricted significantly for the first half of the year while Rodionova strengthened her hip and built on-court fitness following the major hip operation in September 2008. She sustained a badly sprained ankle during 1st round singles at Los Angeles in July and was forced to retire. Rodionova represented Australia at the US Open and equalled her career best 3rd round in singles before returning home to Melbourne to receive intensive treatment on a heavily injured ankle and torn leg muscle. She withdrew from the tournament in Seoul to complete treatment and rejoined the WTA Tour in Tokyo, Japan. Rodionova's final tournament for 2009 was in Poiters, France and she ended her season ranked back inside the Top 100 at 97.
2010.
Rodionova started the year the Brisbane Open falling in qualifying but making the doubles final. Then played Sydney fell in the last round of qualifying to Kimiko Date-Krumm, At the Australia Open Rodionova lost to Kuznetsova 6–1 6–2, but partnered with Vera Dushevina to make the 3rd round of doubles, knocking off 5th Seeds Nadia Petrova and Sam Stosur en route. Rodionova then played numerous tournaments in Asia and Arab Emerates. Highlighted by a Quarterfinal showing at Kuala Lumpur, and 2nd round loses at Dubai and Pattaya City. Rodionova lost in qualifying at Indian Wells but qualified for the main draw of Miami.
In doubles, Rodionova and her sister Arina Rodionova reached the finals in the 2010 Malaysian Open. The Rodionova sisters defeated top seeds Yan Zi and Alisa Kleybanova in straight sets in the second round. However, in the finals, they lost to second seeds Zheng Jie and Chan Yung-Jan in a close two-setter and match tie breaker 7–6(4) 2–6 [7–10].
Rodionova's debut for the Australian Fed Cup team was in Kharkov, Ukraine on 24 April 2010, where she opened the tie with an emphatic win over Alona Bondarenko, coming back from losing the first 7 games, 0–6 6–3 7–5. This gave Australia a commanding 1–0 lead that set up Sam Stosur for 2 straight forward wins in her singles matches for a 3–0 defeat of Ukraine, securing Australia's place in World Group I for 2011. Rodionova also partnered with Rennae Stubbs to win the final rubber of doubles after Alicia Molik won her substituted singles match, giving Australia a decisive 5–0 victory in the tie.
In the French Open, Rodionova defeated Ekaterina Makarova in the first round 6–3 6–2. Then caused an upset in the second round by defeating the 22nd seed Vera Zvonareva 6–4 6–4. However she lost in the third round against fellow Australian Jarmila Groth 3–6 7–5 2–6.
At the Wimbledon Championships, Rodionova defeated Anne Keothavong 3–6 6–2 6–4 in the first round. She then upset the 19th seed Svetlana Kuznetsova in the second round 6–4 2–6 6–4 before falling to the 9th seed Li Na 1–6 3–6 in the third round.
Rodionova's next tournament was at the 2010 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters and Women's Open, where she entered as a qualifier, but lost in the first round to Vera Dushevina 2–6 6–7(7). However, in the doubles tournament, she partnered with Cara Black, as the 8th seed. They won their first round match against the Spanish pair Nuria Llagostera Vives and Arantxa Parra Santonja with a score of 6–3 6–4. In the second round, Rodionova and Black defeated Meghann Shaughnessy and Elena Vesnina 6–7(7) 6–1 10–6. Into the quarterfinals, they were defeated by the 2nd seeds Gisela Dulko and Flavia Pennetta.
Rodionova reached her career high singles ranking of world number 62 on 16 August 2010. Immediately following the Cincinnati Masters, Rodionova played her next tournament at the 2010 Pilot Pen Tennis tournament, where she entered as a qualifier. She defeated Tsvetana Pironkova in the first round 6–1 7–5, but lost to 6th seed Marion Bartoli 3–6 1–6 in the second round. In doubles, she paired with Cara Black as the fourth seeds. They lost in the first round to Anabel Medina Garrigues and Yan Zi 4–6 6–3 10–12.
At the 2010 US Open, Rodionova defeated Bojana Jovanovski in the first round. She fell to fellow Australian Samantha Stosur in the second round. In doubles, Rodionova continued her partnership with Cara Black as ninth seeds. The pair defeated alternative pair Alberta Brianti and Urszula Radwańska in the first round 6:2 6:3. In the second round, they defeated Alla Kudryavtseva and Darya Kustova 6:4 6:1. They defeated their German opponents Julia Görges and Anna-Lena Grönefeld 2:6 6:4 6:2 to advance to the quarterfinals, where they then defeated the 14th seeds Elena Vesnina and Vera Zvonareva in three sets. Black and Rodionova were finally defeated by 6th seeds Vania King and Yaroslava Shvedova in the semis. Advancing into the semifinals of a grand slam for the first time, Rodionova has reached her career-high doubles ranking of world number 28.
Following her US Open appearance, Rodionova returned home to Melbourne before flying to South Korea to compete in the 2010 Hansol Korea Open. She lost to former compatriot and 2nd seed Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in the first round, before failing to qualify for the 2010 Toray Pan Pacific Open.
Rodionova represented Australia at the 2010 Commonwealth Games as the top seed in singles, doubles, and mixed doubles (with compatriots Sally Peers and Paul Hanley, respectively). In singles, she received a bye into the second round, where she crushed Larikah Russell 6:1 6:3. Rodionova then defeated Heather Watson 6:0 6:2. She booked a spot into the final defeating her doubles partner Sally Peers 6:3 6:7 6:1. In the final after a good start Rodionova came close to defeat with growing Indian support for the home favourite Sania Mirza, but was able to win 6:3 2:6 7:6. In doubles, Peers and Rodionova won gold, beating compatriots Olivia Rogowska and Jessica Moore in an all-Australian final. In mixed doubles, Rodionova and Hanley encountered a tough first round match against Indian pair Nirupama Sanjeev and Rohan Bopanna but ended up winning 6:3 3:6 6:3. They followed up this win by beating Mhairi Brown and Jamie Murray 6:3 6:4, and following that, defeated Sarah Borwell and Ken Skupski, earning their place in the gold medal final match but went down to Scot's Colin Fleming and Jocelyn Rae 6:7 7:6 2:6. Rodionova ended the 2010 season with a ranking of 64 in the world.
2011.
Anastasia made her 2011 debut at the Brisbane International. She drew Bojana Jovanovski in the first round and lost in three sets. She continued her partnerships with Cara Black as they advanced to the semifinals before losing to Russians Alisa Kleybanova and Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 3:6 5:7. She was next granted a wildcard to play in the 2011 Medibank International Sydney where she lost to 8th seed and eventual champion Li Na. At the 2011 Australian Open, she played Flavia Pennetta in the first round and lost. Anastasia and Cara beat three doubles teams before losing to Nadia Petrova and Liezel Huber. In mixed doubles, she partnered with Mahesh Bhupathi and won 2 matches. They were unable to play in the quarterfinals due to an injury Bhupathi sustained in his men's doubles game.
Her next tournament is at the BNP Paribas Open, where she lost to qualifier and doubles partner Monica Niculescu in the first round. In doubles, Rodionova and Nicelescu lost to 1st seeds Gisela Dulko and Flavia Pennetta in the opener. Anastasia next played at an ITF $100,000+H event in The Bahamas, where she was the 7th seed. She drew Ukrainian qualifier Olga Savchuk in the first round, and ended up prevailing in a tough 3-set match, 6:4 6:7(3) 7:5. She lost to eventual champion Anastasiya Yakimova in the second round. In doubles, she partnered with her sister Arina, and lost to #2 seeds Edina Gallovits-Hall and Monica Niculescu in the first round. Anastasia's next tournament was the Sony Ericsson Open. She lost to Johanna Larsson in her first round match. In doubles, she partnered with Chuang Chia-jung and lost in the first round to wildcards Andrea Petkovic and Ana Ivanovic in three sets.
She began her clay court season at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston. She played Zuzana Ondrášková in the first round and won 4–6 6–1 6–2. This is Rodionova's first win in the 2011 WTA singles tour. In doubles, she partnered with Alla Kudryavtseva. They beat wildcards Shelby Rogers and Patty Schnyder in the opener. In the second round, they lost to eventual champions Sania Mirza and Elena Vesnina. Following the Family Circle Cup, Anastasia participated in Fed Cup and lost both singles matches to Lesia Tsurenko and Olga Savchuk. Her and Jarmila Gajdošová also lost their doubles match. Rodionova travelled to Portugal to compete in the Estoril Open. She played Alla Kudryavtseva and lost in three sets. In doubles, she paired with her sister and beat #3 seeds Yan Zi and Zhang Shuai. They were forced to withdraw from their quarterfinal match due to a left adductor injury Anastasia suffered beforehand. She then played at the 2011 Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open. As the 7th seed in qualifying, she breezed past compatriot Casey Dellacqua 6–4 6–2. She then lost to Nuria Llagostera Vives in the qualifying competition. In doubles, she is playing with Nadia Petrova. They beat Vera Dushevina and Tatiana Poutchek in the first round. In round 2, they lost to Sania Mirza and Elena Vesnina. Anastasia continued her clay court season by playing qualifying at the 2011 Internazionali BNL d'Italia as the 9th seed. She easily defeated Vania King 6–0 6–3. In the final round, she faced 2nd seed Zheng Jie and lost the first set; however, she ultimately won 3–6 6–2 7–5 in 2 hours and 17 minutes. In the first round of the main draw, Rodionova defeated Kazakh Yaroslava Shvedova 6–4 6–4. She is up against World No.1 Caroline Wozniacki in the second round. In doubles, Rodionova and Petrova advanced to the quarterfinals before losing. She then lost in the first round of the Brussels Ladies Open. At the French Open, she caused a major upset in the first round by defeating doubles partner and 26th seed Nadia Petrova in three sets. She is up against Romanian Edina Gallovits-Hall next. In doubles, Rodionova and Petrova are seeded ninth. They will play Alberta Brianti and Petra Martić. She is also competing in mixed doubles, with Mark Knowles. They lost the eventual champions Casey Dellacqua and Scott Lipsky in the first round.
Rodionova lost to Christina McHale in the first round of the Aegon Classic. At Wimbledon, she lost to Andrea Hlaváčková in the first round. In doubles, she continues her partnership with Nadia Petrova. They are currently playing in the quarterfinals.
Rodionova's first tournament back was the 2011 Bank of the West Classic, where she was defeated by Serena Williams in the first round in under 45 minutes. She partnered with Arina and lost in the quarterfinals in doubles. At the 2011 Mercury Insurance Open, she defeated Olga Govortsova in a tough three sets. She lost to 4th seed Peng Shuai in the second round.
She then qualified for the 2011 Western & Southern Open and had a great win over Polona Hercog with an amazing score 6–0 6–0 in first round but fell in the second round to Sharapova.
Then she qualified in New Haven winning 3 tough matches but had a tough task in the first round and lost to Bartoli.
Rodionova entered the 2011 US Open ranked World No. 97. She lost to Alla Kudryavtseva in the first round.
As a result of her not being able to defend her 2010 US Open points, Rodionova fell to No. 125 in the WTA rankings, her lowest ranking since 2009. She then lost in the first round of the 2011 Guangzhou International Women's Open. In doubles, she fell in the quarterfinals.
Anastasia showed a great form by qualifying in Tokyo. She lost only 3 games in total in both matches in qualifying, then she played a good match against Ivanovic but lost in 1st round. She reached quarterfinal in doubles with Irina Begu by beating polish doubles specialists in 1st round Jans/ Rosolska but lost to 2nd seeded Dulko/Pennetta.
Anastasia finished the season with a great run in singles in Linz reaching the quarterfinals and a week after getting into the Final of doubles in Kremin Cup in Moscow.
2012.
Rodionova began her 2012 season at the 2012 Brisbane International, where she fell in the second round of qualifying. She received a wildcard to play in the main draw of the 2012 Moorilla Hobart International. Anastasia defeated Gréta Arn in the first round, but fell to countrywoman Jarmila Gajdošová in three sets in the second round.
In the 2012 Australian Open, Rodionova lost to then-ranked World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki in the first round. She then competed at the 2012 PTT Pattaya Open. She easily advanced to the second round where she played 4th seed Maria Kirilenko. Rodionova was two points from winning the match before Kirilenko fought back to win the match in a final set tiebreak. She fared even better in doubles, winning the title alongside Sania Mirza. The doubles crown in Pattaya marks Rodionova's fourth WTA Doubles title. At the Premier 2012 Qatar Ladies Open, she did not play singles. Instead, she played in the doubles competition with Nuria Llagostera Vives, as the 5th seeds. They lost in the semifinals to Raquel Kops-Jones and Abigail Spears in three sets. She then fell in qualifying of the 2012 Dubai Tennis Championships, 2012 BNP Paribas Open, and 2012 Sony Ericsson Open. Rodionova then lost to Alizé Cornet in the second round of an ITF tournament.
Following this, she competed at the 2012 Family Circle Cup, a premier event on the WTA tour. As a direct entrant in the main draw, she defeated Melinda Czink in the first round before stunning World No. 27 Anabel Medina Garrigues in straight sets, in the second round. She was eventually beaten by 2004 champion Venus Williams in the third round 7–5 6–2. Despite the loss, this was Rodionova's best performance of the year thus far. Rodionova next tournament was the 2012 e-Boks Open in Copenhagen. She lost to Kaia Kanepi. She then traveled to Morocco to participate in the WTA's lone African event, the 2012 Grand Prix Sar de la Princesse Lalla Meryem. She suffered another defeat, this time to Chanelle Scheepers. She then lost in the qualifying rounds in Estoril. She continued her clay season, competing at the 2012 Mutua Madrid Open, where she qualified for the main draw, but lost in the first round to Czech Andrea Hlaváčková. This saw her ranking drop 14 spots to World No. 106. In Rome, she again qualified for the main draw before losing a disappointing match to in-form German Angelique Kerber 6–4, 5–7, 2–6. Rodionova then lost in the qualifying draw of the 2012 Brussels Open and in the first round of the main draw of the 2012 French Open.
Rodionova began her grass court season at the 2012 Aegon Classic. She won her first round match, scoring a patchy 7–6(3), −6, 6–1 win over World No. 466 Abigail Spears. She wouldn't progress much further, losing to Stéphanie Foretz Gacon in straight sets, in the second round. At the 2012 UNICEF Open, she lost in the first round of qualifying to former countrywoman Daria Gavrilova, as she retired late in the second set due to a neck injury. At the 2012 Wimbledon Championships, she was drawn against then-World No. 1 Maria Sharapova and lost 2–6, 3–6.
She started her hard court season at the Premier-level Rogers Cup in Montreal. She lost in the qualifying draw. Next, she played at New Haven, where she lost in the second round of qualifying to World No. 545 Sachia Vickery, after retiring 3–6 due to illness. Having tumbled down the rankings to a lowly No. 163, she entered the qualifying tournament of the 2012 US Open for the first time since 2009. She qualified for a place in the main draw by winning three consecutive matches against Tetiana Luzhanska, Caroline Garcia, and Verónica Cepede Royg. In the first round of the main draw, she drew American wildcard Julia Cohen and defeated her 6–3, 6–0. This was Rodionova's first Grand Slam Main Draw win in 16 months. However, she lost easily to Varvara Lepchenko 2–6, 2–6. In doubles, she paired with Galina Voskoboeva and lost in the second round of the tournament. In Mixed Doubles, she played with Jean Julien Rojer, and reached the quarterfinals before losing to eventual champions Ekaterina Makarova and Bruno Soares.
Then ranked World No. 130, Rodionova played World TeamTennis with the Washington Kastles alongside her sister Arina. Rodionova then competed at the Coleman Vision Tennis Championships in Phoenix, Arizona, as the fourth seed in singles. She suffered a disappointing three-set loss to World No. 477 Sachia Vickery for the second time in the season. She then played at a $50K tournament in Las Vegas. She lost in the semifinals to Lauren Davis, but won the doubles title with her sister. Rodionova then played at the 2012 Generali Ladies Linz, losing in the first round of qualifying to Jana Čepelová. Her final tournaments of the year included a first-round loss in Moscow to Alizé Cornet and a quarterfinal appearance at a $75K challenger in Ismaning. Rodionova ended the year ranked No. 134 in singles and No. 23 in doubles.
2013.
Rodionova began her 2013 season playing at the ASB Classic in Auckland. She lost in the second round of qualifying when she was forced to retire against Maryna Zanevska. In the doubles tournament, she partnered with relative-comeback Cara Black and defeated three seeded teams along the way, to win her 5th WTA doubles title. At the Australian Open, Rodionova was the 19th seed in qualifying, losing in the 2nd round of qualiyfing to Valeria Savinykh in three sets. It was the first time Rodionova failed to appear in the Main Draw of a Grand Slam since the 2009 Wimbledon Championships. In doubles, her and Cara Black lost in the third round to Nuria Llagostera Vives and Zheng Jie.
Rodionova continued on the WTA tour, winning her way through qualifying in her next two tournaments in Pattaya City and Doha. In Pattaya City, she won her first round match against Vania King before losing to 4th seed Sorana Cîrstea. In Doha, she defeated Zheng Jie 6-2 6-3 before losing to 4th seed Agnieszka Radwańska in the 2nd round. Rodionova then fell in the first round of Dubai qualifying to Ekaterina Bychkova.

</doc>
<doc id="5849246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849246" title="Dirty Sexy Knights in Paris">
Dirty Sexy Knights in Paris

Dirty Sexy Knights in Paris is the only major label album by alternative rock band Audiovent. It was released in 2002 on Atlantic Records. The album had two singles, "The Energy" and "Looking Down," both of which had marginally successful music videos. Audiovent toured with Saliva and Theory of a Deadman in promotion of the album.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics written by Benjamin Einziger/Paul Fried/Jamin Wilcox/Jason Boyd of Audiovent.
Japanese Bonus Track
13. "When I Drown (Piano/Strings Version)" – 4:36

</doc>
<doc id="5849256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849256" title="The Wharf Theatre">
The Wharf Theatre

The Wharf Theatre is a theatre in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. This theatre is part of the Sydney Theatre Company and located on Pier 4/5 of the former Sydney port facility in Walsh Bay at Dawes Point.
History.
In 1829, the first jetty in the area of Pier 4/5 was constructed and called ‘Pitman’s Wharf’. In 1919, work on Pier 4/5, is completed by H.D Walsh.
In 1979, the Sydney Theatre Company was searching for a home. Elizabeth Butcher, Administrator at NIDA, discovered the derelict finger wharves at Walsh Bay and proposed that Pier 4/5 be restored and become STC’s place of residence. Her recommendation was accepted by the Premier’s department. When the designing architect, Vivian Fraser, began work on the redevelopment of Pier 4/5 one of the major design issues was which end of the finger wharf to put the theatre. In keeping with the brief to do as inexpensive conversion as possible, the government architects did a feasibility study which put the theatre at the Hickson Road end of The Wharf. Fraser argued, on aesthetic grounds, that the theatre should be put at the sea end. Richard Wherrett, Artistic Director at the time, agreed with him and it was their opinion which prevailed. In Wherrett’s words “I liked the metaphorical notion that every time you went into the place to see a play, you went on some kind of journey”. Vivian Fraser’s re-development of Pier 4/5 officially opened by Premier Neville Wran in 1984.
Theatres.
The Wharf Theatre contains two theatres; Wharf 1 has 339 seats and Wharf 2 has 205 seats. From the street a 200 metre wooden walkway lined with framed posters of STC productions takes patrons through the history of the theatre. Large windows are open to the Sydney Harbour Bridge and the waters of the harbour. At the end of the building, The Wharf Restaurant, complete with east and west facing balconies, provide views of Luna Park and the North Shore skyline.
Approximately the size of 1.5 rugby fields, The Wharf cost $3.7 million to restore, and took the builders 56 weeks to refurbish. The influence of water is seen in the company’s logo and the use of blue as the company’s colour. 

</doc>
<doc id="5849269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849269" title="Davin Bush">
Davin Bush

Davin Bush (born October 5, 1977 in Miami, Florida) is a defensive halfback who most recently played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League in the 2007 CFL season. 
Bush was signed as a free agent by Winnipeg in 2007 after playing with the Saskatchewan Roughriders from 2001 to 2006. He was released by the Blue Bombers on January 30, 2008. He attended college at the University of Central Florida. His brother Devin Bush is a former safety in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="5849270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849270" title="Roy Roberts (baseball)">
Roy Roberts (baseball)

Leroy ("Roy," "Everready") Roberts was a pitcher in baseball's Negro Leagues from 1916 to 1934. He played for several teams, but was mostly associated with the Bacharach Giants. In 1921 he spent a season as the ace pitcher of the Columbus Buckeyes, leading the Negro National League in innings pitched and several other categories while compiling a 7-15 record. His primary pitch was the fastball.

</doc>
<doc id="5849282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849282" title="Ayda Field">
Ayda Field

Ayda Field (born Ayda Sabahat Evecan on May 17, 1979) is an American television actress. Ayda was born in Los Angeles, California, to a Turkish father and an American mother.
Early life.
She attended Harvard-Westlake School, where she graduated in 1997. Her father is Turkish and she is fluent in English, Turkish, and speaks French and Italian as well. She is the daughter of American movie producer Gwen Field.
Television career.
Field first became known on the NBC soap opera "Days of our Lives", but has subsequently specialised in comedy roles. She was a regular on "Blue Collar TV", guest starred in the sitcom Eve and appeared as Jeannie Whatley on NBC's "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip". On the Fox sitcom "Back to You" she played Montana Diaz Herrera (a.k.a. Sally Lerner), News 9's weather woman. She appeared in 10 episodes of Season One.
Field also joined the cast of a sitcom pilot, "Making It Legal", as a lawyer named Elise. ABC did not pick up the pilot. In June 2008, she was cast for the female lead on ABC's untitled David Kohan/Max Mutchnick comedy pilot, replacing Sarah Lafleur.
Personal life.
Field is married to British singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. They had been dating since May 2006 and living together since 2009. In November 2009 Williams proposed to Field during a live interview on Australian radio station 2Day FM but later said the proposal was a joke and they are not engaged. Later it was confirmed that they became engaged over Christmas. She and Williams wed at his home in Mulholland Estates in Beverly Hills on August 7, 2010. On 30 March 2012, Williams and Field announced they were expecting their first child together, a girl.
On September 18, 2012 the couple welcomed their first child, daughter Theodora Rose 'Teddy' Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="5849286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849286" title="Janu clan">
Janu clan

Janu or Janoo is a gotra of Jats found in Jhunjhunu, Bikaner, Jaipur, Churu and Sikar districts in Rajasthan, India.

</doc>
<doc id="5849311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849311" title="Summer Girl">
Summer Girl

Summer Girl is the fifth album by the San Jose, California rock band Smash Mouth released on September 19, 2006 on Beautiful Bomb Records. 
The album was released with the promo single "Story Of My Life". The "Story Of My Life" music video was filmed in an episode in Season 6 of the VH1 reality show "The Surreal Life".
"So Insane" was featured as the movie "Zoom"'s opening theme. "Everyday Superhero" was used on the soundtrack of "The Pacifier" and "Zoom" as well, and it was also used to advertise the CBS sitcom, "The King of Queens", when the show entered its final season. It was also heard in an America's Funniest Home Videos blooper compilation.
Track listing.
All songs written by Greg Camp except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="5849315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849315" title="Sugar (TV series)">
Sugar (TV series)

Sugar is a TV cooking show shown on Food Network Canada hosted by Canadian pastry chef Anna Olson. The official show description reads "Anna Olson satisfies sweet cravings with great dessert recipes and guides viewers from making to plating with presentation ideas to dress up any dessert."
Premiered in October 2002, "Sugar" is a half-hour show which specializes in desserts. Each episode has a theme ingredient. Host Anna Olson makes one simple dessert with the theme ingredient in the first part of the show. During the second and third part, she creates a more elaborate or decadent dessert with the same ingredient. During the last few minutes of the program called the "Switch-Up", Anna re-invents the first dessert with a few tricks and turns it into something more special.
"Sugar" aired for five seasons on Food Network Canada and its 151 episodes has been syndicated in 40 countries.
Episode list.
The following is a complete list of episodes from "Sugar".
Media releases.
DVDs.
Echo Bridge Entertainment, who acquired Alliance Atlantis International Distribution has started to release "Sugar" on DVD.
Books.
Two books have been derived based on recipes from the shows, published by Whitecap Books.

</doc>
<doc id="5849337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849337" title="Abura-akago">
Abura-akago

Sekien's accompanying notes describe it:
Sekien seems to have based this illustration on a story from the , in which an oil merchant from Ōtsu steals oil from a Jizō statue at the crossroads, and is punished posthumously by being transformed into a wandering ghost-fire.

</doc>
<doc id="5849338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849338" title="Western North Carolina">
Western North Carolina

Western North Carolina (often abbreviated as WNC) is the region of North Carolina which includes the Appalachian Mountains, thus it is often known geographically as the state's Mountain Region. It contains the highest mountains in the Eastern United States. Western North Carolina is sometimes included with upstate South Carolina as the "Western Carolinas", which is also counted as a single media market. The region covers an area of about , and is roughly the size of the state of Massachusetts. The population of the region, as measured by the 2010 U.S. Census, is 1,399,954.
The term Land of the Sky (or Land-of-Sky) is a common nickname for this mountainous region and has been more recently adopted to refer to the Asheville area. (Areas in the northwest portion of the region, including Boone and Blowing Rock, commonly use the nickname "The High Country", rather than "Land of the Sky") The term is derived from the title of the book, "Land of the Sky", written by Mrs. Frances Tiernan, under the pseudonym Christian Reid. The book often mentions the Great Smoky Mountains and Blue Ridge Mountains, the two main ranges that are found in Western North Carolina. The Asheville area regional government body, the Land-of-Sky Regional Council, utilizes the nickname.
Located east of the Tennessee state line and west of the Piedmont, Western North Carolina contains very few major urban centers. Asheville, North Carolina, located in the region's center, is the area's largest city and most prominent commercial hub. The Foothills region of the state is loosely defined as the area along Western North Carolina's eastern boundary; this region consists of a transitional terrain of hills between the Appalachians and the Piedmont Plateau of central North Carolina. The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians have a reservation situated in the Western North Carolina region, adjacent to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Subregions.
High Country.
The northern counties in Western North Carolina are commonly known as the state's High Country. Centered around Boone, the High Country boasts the area's most popular ski resorts, including Ski Beech, Appalachian Ski Mountain, and Sugar Mountain. The area also features many attractions, historical sites, and geological formations such as Linville Caverns, Grandfather Mountain, Blowing Rock, Tweetsie Railroad, Shatley Springs, and Mystery Hill. Education, skiing tourism, and Christmas tree farming are among this area's most prominent industries, although agriculture and raising livestock also remain important. The counties that make up the High Country are: Alleghany, Ashe, Avery, Mitchell, Watauga, Wilkes, and Yancey.
Tennessee Valley.
The westernmost part of Western North Carolina is part of the Tennessee Valley. Asheville is the major hub of far western North Carolina. In this area, there are a few hydroelectric projects managed by the Tennessee Valley Authority, including Fontana Dam. Tourism, especially outdoor ventures such as canoeing, whitewater rafting, camping, and fishing are extremely important to local economies in the area.
Foothills.
The Foothills is a region of transitional terrain between the Piedmont Plateau and the Appalachian Mountains, extending from the lower edge of the Blue Ridge escarpment into the upper Catawba, Yadkin, and Broad River valleys. The eastern slopes of the Blue Ridge drop sharply to the foothills section, going from 3500–4000 feet (1,000–1,200 m) at the top to only 1000–1500 feet at the base. The foothills region contains numerous lower peaks and isolated mountain ranges such as the South Mountains, Brushy Mountains, and Stone Mountain State Park. The foothills are divided into many small river and creek valleys that contain much of the region's population. Although no large cities are located in the foothills, the region does contain many small towns; the towns often developed around a single industry such as furniture or textiles. As these industries steadily moved to low-wage markets in Asia and Latin America since 1990, the foothills towns that depended upon them have often suffered from job and population loss; some of these towns are developing a new economy based on tourism and catering to affluent retirees who have settled in the region. Many farmers in the northern foothills are poultry farmers as well, and winemaking and vineyards are growing in popularity. Among the towns of the foothills region in North Carolina are Tryon, Columbus, Chimney Rock, Lake Lure, Forest City, Rutherfordton, Spindale, Mount Airy, Elkin, and Marion and the cities of North Wilkesboro, Wilkesboro, Hickory, Lenoir, and Morganton.
Higher education.
The region has three major public universities. Appalachian State University is located in Boone, and has 17,344 students. Western Carolina University is located in Cullowhee, and has 9352 students. UNC Asheville is located in Asheville, and has 3,595 students. All three are part of the UNC system. Several small, private colleges and universities are also located in the region. Mars Hill University is located north of Asheville. Founded in 1856, it is the oldest college or university in western North Carolina. Montreat College, affiliated with the Presbyterian Church, is located east of Asheville. Lees-McRae College, located in Banner Elk, is also affiliated with the Presbyterian Church. Warren Wilson College, located in Swannanoa, is noted for its strong pro-environment policies and social liberalism. Brevard College, located in Brevard, is affiliated with the United Methodist Church. Lenoir-Rhyne University, located in Hickory, is a private liberal arts university affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. Starting in 2012, Lenoir-Rhyne University has opened a Center for Graduate Studies in Asheville and offers master's level programs in Public Health, Nursing, Counseling and others.
Transportation.
Highways.
Interstates.
Three major Interstate highways cross the region: Interstate 40, which traverses east-west, Interstate 77, which runs north-south through the northeastern section of Western North Carolina, and Interstate 26, which traverses north-south (although it is actually an east-west highway and is signed as such). Interstate 240 is the only auxiliary interstate route in the region and it serves downtown Asheville.
U.S. Highways.
US 421, a multilane expressway, is the major highway in the northwestern part of the state. US 19, US 23, US 64, US 74, and US 441 are the major highways in the far western part of the region. US 321 runs north from Hickory to Watauga and Avery Counties before going into Tennessee.
Blue Ridge Parkway.
A National Scenic Byway, the Blue Ridge Parkway, runs through western North Carolina, ending near the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Railroads.
Two major class 1 railroads run through the region, CSX and Norfolk Southern. In addition, two tourist railroads also operate in the area, the Tweetsie Railroad theme park and the Great Smoky Mountains Railroad.
Airports.
Asheville Regional Airport (AVL), located southeast of the city of Asheville in Fletcher, also serves the area with non-stop jet service to Charlotte, North Carolina; Newark, New Jersey; George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston, Texas; Atlanta, Georgia; Orlando Sanford International Airport near Orlando, Florida; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Detroit, Michigan; O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, Illinois; and LaGuardia Airport in New York City. Non-stops to St. Petersburg–Clearwater International Airport in the Tampa Bay Area are set to begin in June 2013.
Economy.
Tourism is a major part of the economy in the area which contains half of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park as well as the Nantahala and Pisgah National Forests. There are also several lakes and dams scattered throughout Western North Carolina like Lake Lure and Fontana Dam. Many visitors travel to the region every summer and autumn from major cities like Charlotte, Atlanta and Knoxville, to escape the hot weather and see the leaves change colors. The timber industry is also a major economic sector.
Appalachian Regional Commission.
The Appalachian Regional Commission was formed in 1965 to aid economic development in the Appalachian region, which was lagging far behind the rest of the nation on most economic indicators. The Appalachian region currently defined by the Commission includes 420 counties in 13 states, including 29 counties in North Carolina. The Commission gives each county one of five possible economic designations— distressed, at-risk, transitional, competitive, or attainment— with "distressed" counties being the most economically endangered and "attainment" counties being the most economically prosperous. These designations are based primarily on three indicators— three-year average unemployment rate, market income per capita, and poverty rate.
In 2003, Appalachian North Carolina— which included all 24 counties of Western North Carolina and five counties in central North Carolina— had a three-year average unemployment rate of 6%, compared with 6.2% statewide and 5.5% nationwide. In 2002, Appalachian North Carolina had a per capita market income of $21,168, compared with $23,443 statewide and $26,420 nationwide. In 2000, Appalachian North Carolina had a poverty rate of 11.7%, compared to 12.3% statewide and 12.4% nationwide.
Only one North Carolina county— Graham— was designated "Distressed," while six— Cherokee, McDowell, Mitchell, Rutherford, Swain, and Yancey— were designated "at-risk." Forsyth County (which is normally grouped with central North Carolina) was the only county given the "attainment" designation, and four others— Buncombe, Davie, Henderson, and Polk— were designated "competitive." Most Western North Carolina counties were designated "transitional," meaning they lagged behind the national average on one of the three key indicators. Graham County had Appalachian North Carolina's highest poverty rating, with 19.5% of its residents living below the poverty line. Forsyth had Appalachian North Carolina's highest per capita income at $26,987. Watauga County's unemployment rate of 2.3% was lowest of all 420 counties in the Appalachian region.
Topography.
There are 82 mountain peaks between 5,000 to 6,000 feet (1,500-1,800 m) in elevation in western North Carolina, and 43 peaks rise to over . Among the subranges of the Appalachian Mountains located in western North Carolina are the Great Smoky Mountains, Blue Ridge Mountains, Great Balsam Mountains, Great Craggy Mountains, the Plott Balsams, and the Black Mountains. Mount Mitchell, in the Black Mountains, is, at , the highest point in eastern North America. Valley locations are typically closer to AMSL.
The French Broad River is the largest river in the region; others include the Little Tennessee River and Swannanoa River. The Eastern Continental Divide runs through the region, dividing Tennessee-bound streams from those flowing through the Carolinas.
Area.
Counties.
Western North Carolina generally consists of 26 counties, that when combined form a total regional area of roughly 11,000 square miles (28,000 km²). The region is roughly the size of Massachusetts. The counties commonly included in the region are as follows:
Cities and towns.
Western North Carolina communities in the region include:

</doc>
<doc id="5849339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849339" title="Russian Expeditionary Force in France">
Russian Expeditionary Force in France

The Russian Expeditionary Force was a World War I military force sent to France by the Russian Empire. In 1915 the French requested that Russian troops be sent to fight alongside their own army on the Western Front. Initially they asked for 300,000 men, an absurdly high figure, probably based on their assumptions about Russia's 'unlimited' reserves. General Mikhail Alekseev, the Imperial Chief of Staff, was opposed to sending any, though Nicholas II finally agreed to send a unit of brigade strength. The First Russian Special Brigade finally landed at Marseille in April 1916. A Second Special Brigade was also sent to serve alongside other Allied formations on the Salonika Front in northern Greece. In France, the First Brigade served with distinction until the outbreak of the Russian Revolution of 1917. With Brigade morale being sapped by political agitation, it was finally disbanded before the end of the year. However, some of the more determined formed the Légion Russe (French for "Russian Legion"), and continued to preserve a Russian presence in the west and, indeed, in the Great War itself, right up until the Armistice in November, 1918.
Before March 1917.
In December 1915 the French politician, Paul Doumer, on a visit to Russia, proposed that 300,000 troops fight in France in exchange for munitions. While the Russian High Command showed little enthusiasm for this proposal, Tsar Nicholas II supported it. General Alexeyev, the Russian chief of staff from August 1915, made an offer to send Russian troops to France, as long as Russian officers (operating under the French High Command) oversaw the Russian troops, and provided that the French Navy equip and transport them.
The 1st Russian Special Brigade formed in January, 1916 under the command of General Nikolai Aleksandrovich Lokhvitsky. It comprised the 1st and 2nd regiments, from Moscow and Samara respectively. Brigade personnel came mostly from reserve units, with the 1st regiment's troops mainly being factory workers and the 2nd's mainly being peasants, with a total of 8,942 men. It left Moscow on February 3, 1916 and arrived in Marseille on April 16 of the same year.
The 3rd, 4th and 5th Brigades soon followed. The 2nd and 4th Brigades arrived on the Salonika front in August and November 1916. The 3rd Brigade comprised mostly professional soldiers and reserve units formed in Yekaterinburg and Chelyabinsk; it left for France in August 1916.
General Aleksei Brusilov, commander of the Russian Southwest Front from March 1916 was responsible for the four Special Brigades, which contributed a total of 44,319 men to the Entente effort in western and southern Europe. The 6th, 7th and 8th Brigades never formed due to the outbreak of the Russian Revolution.
Approximately 450 Estonian troops also served with the REF, mostly in the 1st and 3rd Brigades. After February 1917 these troops wore small Estonian flags to distinguish themselves from their Russian allies.
On 23 April the 1st Special Brigade transferred to Châlons-sur-Marne area, overseen by General Henri Gouraud of the French Fourth Army. French President Raymond Poincaré, impressed by the camp, awarded General Lokhvitsky the Commander of the Legion of Honor. The 1st Brigade then re-deployed further east up the Marne valley between Suippes and Auberive at the end of June 1916.
By March 1917 the Special Brigades were in the Fort Pompelle region, and on April 16, 1917 the 1st Brigade took Courcy and the 3rd Brigade took Mount Spin, resulting in 4,542 men killed, wounded or missing in action.
The Cimitière Militaire Russe de Saint-Hilaire le Grand at Mourmelon-le-Grand in the Marne Department contains the graves of 1000 Russian officers and men. In 1937 a chapel was built here to commemorate all of the Russians who died on the Western Front.
There are also two Imperial Russian war graves in the Gouzeaucourt New British Cemetery, near Cambrai.
Mutiny.
After the October Revolution and subsequent withdrawal of Russia from the Allies, the Russian troops were looked upon with distrust and relegated to labor companies and internment camps, primarily at Camp Militaire, near La Courtine. The camp was divided into the 1st and 2nd Brigades.
The Russian soldiers in one of the camps began questioning why they were fighting for the French at all and mutinied. The other camp was still led by Russian officers (notably Colonel Gotua) and was used to help suppress the rebellious one. Finally the French, backed by a newly arrived Russian-manned 75mm field artillery regiment, shelled the rebellious camp, resulting in approximately 10 dead and 44 wounded, as well as an unknown number of dead and wounded shot by Gotua's camp. The survivors were at first sent to jail camps in North Africa and France, and after some months many were sent back to Russia, while a good number of the men integrated into French society.
Russian Legion.
The loyal men under Colonel Gotua demanded that they be allowed to fight and thus was formed the Russian Legion. It joined the French 1st Moroccan Infantry Division on December 13, 1917. The combined units fought around Amiens in March 1918 and on the road from Soissons to Paris in May 1918 with losses during this fighting accounted for nearly 85% of the Russian Legion's forces.
In July and August Russian volunteers, mainly veterans of the Expeditionary Force, meant that the Legion became first a Brigade and then a Regiment with a total of 2 infantry companies as well as a mortar unit. They were sent towards Laffaux. On September 12 the Regiment pierced three lines of fortifications despite heavy losses and were awarded a special flag by the Commander of the French Army, Marshal Ferdinand Foch as well as attracting more volunteers. By November 1, 1918 the Regiment had 564 men with a machine gun company and 3 infantry companies.
After the German withdrawal to the border the Moroccan Division, including the Russian Regiment, advanced upon Moyeuvre. The operation was halted by the signing of the armistice treaty on November 11. Near the end of 1918 the entire Russian Regiment was recalled and demobilized. Some Russians chose to remain in France, while others returned to revolutionary Russia. Among the latter was Rodion Malinovsky, the future Soviet Minister of Defence.

</doc>
<doc id="5849345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849345" title="Port Royal, Tennessee">
Port Royal, Tennessee

Port Royal is an unincorporated community on the border of Montgomery and Robertson counties, Tennessee. It is home to Port Royal State Park and is located at the confluence of the Red River and Sulphur Fork Creek.
History.
Port Royal is one of the earliest and was one of the most populous settlements outside of Nashville. The first settlers who arrived there were members of the Prince family and others who were coming from the "Old 96" (now Spartanburg) district of South Carolina. This was likely in 1784. Soon after the Tennessee County court held its first meeting nearby on Parsons Creek. In 1791, the Red River Baptist Church was founded at the mouth of the Sulphur Fork Creek. This church is thought to have been the only church for nearly during its first few years of use. This church is still active today in Adams, Tennessee.
In 1796, when the State of Tennessee was founded, five delegates from Tennessee County were selected to represent the county at the Tennessee Constitutional Convention in Knoxville. Four of the five were from the settlement that was to become Port Royal.
On October 25, 1797, the town of Port Royal was incorporated. It quickly became a thriving center of commerce for the upper Middle Tennessee and south central Kentucky area, due to its strategic location at the confluence of the Red River and the Sulphur Fork Creek. These streams meander through eastern Montgomery, Robertson and Sumner counties in Tennessee, and Logan County, Kentucky and drain nearly 975 square miles.
In the fall of 1838 the Cherokee removal to Oklahoma, enforced by the Indian Removal Act of 1830, crossed the Red River at Port Royal. A letter from Elijah Hicks to Principal Chief John Ross, tells of the stay at Port Royal. This is the only written record of this stopping place, but of the eleven detachments that were moved, it is known that eight of them followed the designated North Route that went through Port Royal. This event came to be known as the Trail of Tears.
By the mid-19th century, a principal stagecoach route had been located through Port Royal. This was, for a time, the main route to the west from the southeast. Newspaper articles from the mid-19th century mention Port Royal being on the "Great Road to the West". 
In 1842, the Tennessee Silk Manufacturing Company and Agricultural School was opened in Port Royal to train workers in manufacturing cloth from silk that was then being produced by area farmers. At his 1843 inauguration Governor James C. Jones wore a silk suit manufactured in Port Royal. The silk industry failed at Port Royal really before it even got started. One of the shareholders, A.D. Carden, left for Europe with all of the shareholders funds in order to purchase machinery but was never heard from again.
Port Royal continued to thrive until after the Civil War. The end of the Civil War brought severe economic depression to the South in general and Port Royal felt the effects strongly, resulting in many businesses ceasing operation. To further complicate things, the L&N Railroad had just come through Adams and Clarksville, and Guthrie, Kentucky, surrounding the town of Port Royal with railroad access on all sides. With such means of goods transportation available, river travel on smaller tributaries quickly became obsolete. Soon, all of the commerce and culture that the town had enjoyed for so long moved to other towns with railroad access.
By the early 20th century, Port Royal had become a small crossroads town and in 1941, when the post office closed, Port Royal was merely a small farming community. 
Noting the importance of Port Royal in the history of the State of Tennessee and the nation, the Tennessee Division of State Parks decided to acquire the land and preserve it in perpetuity. The small town is now known as Port Royal State Park. It is also an officially certified site on the Trail of Tears National Historic Trail.
Notable residents.
The 1940s all-female, integrated big band International Sweethearts of Rhythm was led by Anna Mae Winburn, who was born in Port Royal in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="5849347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849347" title="Jason French">
Jason French

Jason French (born April 7, 1978 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a former professional Canadian football slotback. He was drafted by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the second round of the 2001 CFL Draft. He played college football for the Murray State Racers.
College career.
French attended Murray State University for two years after transferring from Middle Georgia College. French was Murray State's third leading receiver. He had 31 catches for 547 yards and three touchdowns. During his senior season he caught 24 passes for 195 yards with a touchdown, making him the Racers' fourth leading receiver.
Professional career.
Saskatchewan Roughriders.
French was drafted by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the 2001 CFL Draft. During his rookie season he caught 12 passes for 197 yards. As a second year player, French was one of 13 wide receivers trying to make the Roughriders final roster. He played in 15 games in 2002 and recorded 16 receptions for 218 yards. French played in every game for Hamilton in 2003 and recorded his first career touchdown. For the season he had 37 catches for 385 yards with two touchdown. In 2004, French made a total of 13 starts with 10 coming at slotback and the other three at wide receiver. In week seven he had a career high with six receptions for 129 yards. Overall, French had 52 catches for 869 yards with four touchdowns. At the end of the season, French was nominated for the CFL's Top Canadian Award. French started 16 games and missed the other two due to injury. Arguably his best game came in week five when he had 11 catches for 118 yards with a touchdown. For the season he had 52 receptions for 601 yards and three touchdowns. In 2006, he started half of the Roughriders games and also played in both playoff games. French's season totals were almost cut in half with 28 catches for 335 yards and a touchdown.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
On June 24, 2007, French along with Thyron Anderson for Tad Kornegay. On August 13, 2007 in a game against the Edmonton Eskimos, fellow Murray State graduate Andrew Nowacki caught his first career touchdown pass. On Hamilton's possession following Nowacki's score, French caught a touchdown. The two touchdown catches for Nowacki and French came one minute apart. For 2007, a season in which French split time between Saskatchewan and Hamilton, he recorded 34 receptions for 417 yards and tied his career high with four touchdowns. In 2008, his final professional season he failed to record an offensive stat.
Personal.
During the offseason, French lived with his wife Amber in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="5849353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849353" title="UFC 51">
UFC 51

UFC 51: Super Saturday was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on February 5, 2005 (Super Bowl weekend) at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas, Nevada. The event was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United States and Canada, and later released on DVD.
History.
Loretta Hunt, news editor for Sherdog.com, reports, "I know for a fact the UFC was considering a female bout between Erica Montoya and the late Shelby Walker a few years ago." About this planned but never realized fight, "Big Dog" Benny Henderson Jr. asked Shelby Walker, "It has been rumored that you may fight Erika Montoya at UFC 51, is there any truth to those rumors?" Walker replied, "Yeah there is truth to those rumors, it has been talked about a lot and when I asked Dana White if he was going to put us on the show he said possibly, so that is where
it stands right now. I haven’t heard anything more from this but my biggest dream would be to fight in the UFC."
The event was also to be held in Japan, but UFC President Dana White moved it back to Las Vegas. Headlining the card were fan favorites Tito Ortiz and Vitor Belfort.
This was the last UFC event to feature a non-title matchup as the main event instead of an also-scheduled title fight on the same card. All future UFC events with title matches featured one as the main event.
The total fighter payroll for the event was $456,000.
Fighter Payouts.
Tito Ortiz def. Vitor Belfort
Pete Sell def. Phil Baroni
Andrei Arlovski def. Tim Sylvia
Evan Tanner def. David Terrell
Paul Buentello def. Justin Eilers
Mike Kyle def. James Irvin
David Loiseau def. Gideon Ray
Karo Parisyan def. Chris Lytle
Nick Diaz def. Drew Fickett
Total Fighter Payroll: $456,000

</doc>
<doc id="5849354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849354" title="MT Haven">
MT Haven

MT "Haven, formerly Amoco Milford Haven", was a VLCC (very large crude carrier), leased to Troodos Shipping (a company run by Lucas Haji-Ioannou and his son Stelios Haji-Ioannou). In 1991, while loaded with 144,000 tonnes (1 million barrels) of crude oil, the ship exploded, caught fire and sank off the coast of Genoa, Italy, killing six Cypriot crew and flooding the Mediterranean with up to 50,000 tonnes of crude oil. She broke in two and sank after burning for three days, and for the next 12 years the Mediterranean coast of Italy and France was polluted, especially around Genoa and southern France.
History.
"Amoco Milford Haven" was built by Astilleros Españoles S.A in Cadiz, Spain, the sister ship of "Amoco Cadiz", which sank in 1978. Launched in 1973, she worked various routes shipping crude oil from the middle east gulf. In 1987 she was hit by a missile in the Persian Gulf during the Iran-Iraq War. Extensively refitted in Singapore, she was sold to ship brokers who leased her to Troodos Shipping, for whom she ran from Iran's Kharg Island to the Mediterranean.
Accident.
On 11 April 1991, "Haven" was unloading a cargo of 230,000 tonnes of crude oil to the Multedo floating platform, seven miles off of the coast of Genoa, Italy. Having transferred 80,000 tonnes, she disconnected from the platform for a routine internal transfer operation, to allow oil to be pumped from two side-holds into a central one.
In later testimony, First Officer Donatos Lilis said: "I heard a very loud noise, like iron bars beating against each other. Perhaps the cover of a pump had broken. Then there was an awful explosion." Five crewmen died immediately, as fire broke out and oil started leaking from the hull as the plates overheated. As the fire engulfed the ship, flames rose 100m high and, after a series of further explosions occurred, between 30-40,000 tons of oil poured into the sea.
The Italian authorities acted quickly, with hundreds of men fighting a fire which was difficult to access, and distributing more than six miles of inflatable barriers, submerged a metre below the surface, around the vessel to control the spillage. On day two, MT "Haven" was to be towed close to the coast, in a bid to reduce the coastal area affected and make intervention easier. As the bow slipped beneath the surface, a steel cable was passed around the rudder and tugs applied towing pressure. But it was quickly clear that the ship had broken her back, and the bow section came to rest in 450m of water. On 14 April, the 250m-long main body sank a mile and a half from the coast, between Arenzano and Varazze.
Shipwreck.
After the wreck was declared safe, a mini sub diver found that the stern section had grazed a rocky spur, though fortunately not hard enough to open any new holes in the hull, and come to rest at an angle on the flat, sandy seabed. He reported that most of the remaining 80,000 tons of crude had burnt or was at the surface. Most of the oil on the surface could be sucked up, and what remained below was in a solid state. For the next 12 years the Mediterranean coast of Italy and France was polluted, especially around Genoa and southern France.
"Haven" is the largest shipwreck in the sea and lies at a depth of 33 to 83m off the coast of Genoa. It is a popular tourist attraction with deep sea divers.
Court case.
Background and allegations.
At the centre of the case was the allegation that Lucas and Stelios had kept their vessel, the Troodos-owned Cyprus-flagged "Haven", in such disrepair that she exploded. According to news items it is also alleged that the tanker was scrapped after being hit by an Exocet missile during the Iran–Iraq War and should not have been put back into operation. Prosecutors had asked for seven-year sentences for manslaughter against both father and son. Christos Dovles, former director of the shipping firm for whom prosecutors had sought a sentence of two years and four months.
Charges.
Lucas and Stelios, faced charges of the manslaughter of the six killed, extortion and intimidating and attempting to bribe witnesses. Both denied the charges and pleaded not guilty.
Outcome.
Lucas and Stelios were later acquitted after three retrials (of which 2002 was the last) and much controversy, with subsequent appeals and demands for compensation also thrown out. Stelios was quoted after the trial: "My main comment is to ask why it took so long to clear innocent people of these terrible charges."
Reception.
Italy's Environment Ministry under-secretary said he was "greatly embittered" by the verdict, saying, "The victims, the relatives and the marine environment that were all seriously damaged are left without convincing answers."
The Italian president of the World Wildlife Fund, Grazia Francescato, said in a statement that she was disgusted with Stelios' conduct. She drew similarities with the Moby Prince disaster, an unrelated collision in which 140 people died on a ferry just off the nearby city of Livorno, and the acquittal of four men on charges of manslaughter.
NUMAST, the union that represents merchant officers, described the acquittal as "depressing", a sentiment also expressed by the International Transport Workers' Federation. Only by making ship owners accountable for the state of vessels under their control would substandard ships be eliminated, Andrew Linington, head of communications at NUMAST said. "Even when ship owners were clearly linked with a ship that did not meet acceptable standards it seems no action will be taken," Linington said.

</doc>
<doc id="5849376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849376" title="Area code 620">
Area code 620

Area Code 620 was the result of a split from 316 on February 3, 2001. Area code 620 covers most telephone exchanges in southern Kansas. 620 stretches from the Colorado border to the east, to the Missouri border, while excluding the Wichita Metropolitan Area (316).
The permissive dialing period for 620 ended on November 3, 2001. The most populous cities covered by the area code are Dodge City, Garden City, and Hutchinson.
Boundaries of area code 620.
The boundary between area codes 620 and 785 runs from west to east roughly following a path along K-4 and K-96. The code boundary dips along I-135 in McPherson County and continues east to just north of Emporia in Lyon County along the Kansas Turnpike, where the boundaries of area codes 620, 785 and 913 meet. Area code 620 shares its northern boundary with area code 913's southern boundary, ending south of the Kansas City metropolitan area. 
All of Sedgwick County, along with parts of Butler and Harvey counties remain in area code 316.

</doc>
<doc id="5849383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849383" title="Peter Oldring">
Peter Oldring

Peter Oldring (born in Drayton Valley, Alberta) is a Canadian voice actor and comedian.
Biography.
In addition to performing with The Second City improv group in Toronto and Los Angeles, Oldring has appeared on Canadian television. He was also a regular cast member of the redneck-themed sketch comedy series "Blue Collar TV". Feature film roles include "", "Focus" and "Lost and Delirious". He has a starring role in "Intern Academy". He also played Farrah Fawcett's gay assistant in the television movie "Hollywood Wives". Oldring also appeared in the series "Doc" and The WB's "D.C.", as well as in the television movie "The Ricky Nelson Story". Oldring voices Ezekiel, Tyler, Cody and Topher in "Total Drama". Oldring also starred in the 2007 film "Young People Fucking". In 2011, he was cast as "Lonnie" in the Disney XD show "Kickin' It". He had a supporting role in the premiere episode of the 4th season of "Psych", "Extradition: British Columbia."
His voice acting credits include the animated children's show "Braceface", "Mischief City", "Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Kids", "My Friend Rabbit", "Pelswick", "Total Drama", "6teen" and "Glenn Martin, DDS". Oldring has also voiced video game characters, such as Alfred Ashford in "".
Oldring has also worked on numerous projects with his longtime creative partner Pat Kelly, including The Comedy Network series "Good Morning World" and the CBC Radio comedy show "This Is That". Oldring currently appears on the TVOne original series "Love That Girl!" as a gay hairdresser named Fabian.

</doc>
<doc id="5849388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849388" title="Cotton (motorcycle)">
Cotton (motorcycle)

The Cotton Motorcycle Company, was a British motorcycle manufacturer of 11a Bristol Road, Gloucester, and was founded by Frank Willoughby Cotton in 1918. F.W. presided over the company until his retirement in 1953. The company was reconstituted as E. Cotton (Motorcycles) Ltd, and traded until 1980. The marque was later resurrected in the late 1990s by a business which manufactured replicas of earlier machines. 
The Triangulated Frame.
By 1913, F.W. Cotton had engaged in hill climbs and trials, and recognised the limitations of the “diamond frame” design, little different from a bicycle. He designed his own, and had examples made by Levis. Being a lawyer, in 1914 he patented the "triangulated frame" to protect his design that was a Cotton feature until the Second World War. The First World War intervened and it was not until 1918 that the Cotton Motorcycle Company was founded; the first Cotton motorcycle appeared in 1920.
Stanley Woods and the TT.
In 1922 Stanley Woods rode a Blackburne-engined Cotton to fifth in the 350 cc Junior TT, and the following year, won the 1923 Isle of Man TT, averaging , bettering Douglas rider, Manxman Tom Sheard’s winning 500 cc Senior TT time, an average of . Cotton motorcycles took a second and third in the Ultra Lightweight TT, and a second in the Lightweight TT. They only managed a second place in the 1925 Junior TT, but in the 1926 races, swept the field taking the first three places in the Lightweight TT. These victories helped establish Cotton as a race-winning machine, with exceptional handling for its time.
The 1923 win, and consequent full order book, enabled a move to new premises, the Vulcan Works in Quay Street. In 1927 the frame dimensions were altered.
Engine and model range.
When the Great Depression came, Cotton responded by offering a wider range of engines in its patented frame, usually with Burman gearboxes.
In 1930, engine choices were:
Four-strokes were available with the exhaust in “single port” or “twin port”.
In 1939 JAP had changed their engine range, introducing new 500 cc and 600 cc, without an external push rod tube, and finned all the way to the base. Unusual external hairpin valve springs, fixed in the middle, with a valve at each end, were used. These were available as standard or deluxe versions. The high cam JAP engines, the 250 cc JAP, and the 150 cc Villiers two stroke continued. Just before the world war, they released a smaller, lighter Cotton with a 122 cc Villiers 9D engine.
When the triangulated rigid frame was introduced in 1920, it was ahead of its time. By 1939, when the sprung heel and rear swingarm frames had begun to appear so rigid frames had seen their day . Vincent had patented a cantilever frame in 1928.
After the Second World War.
Continuing with engineering work that sustained the factory during the Second World War, Cotton did not re-enter the motorcycle market at the war's end, but struggled on into the 1950s, when F.W. Cotton decided to retire. The company was re-constituted in 1953 as E. Cotton (Motorcycles) Ltd.,after Bill Cotton's first wife Elsie Ellen, and was owned and managed by Pat Onions and Monty Denley.
E. Cotton (Motorcycles) Ltd.
As before, Cotton made their own frames, and bought in the rest of the components for assembly. The first machine, produced till 1957, was the Cotton Vulcan, with a Villiers motor.
Other Cotton models included the Herald, Messenger, Double Gloster, Continental, Corsair and Conquest. Cotton became involved in competitive motorcycling, and a range of road, trials and scrambler models were available by the end of 1960.
Racing in the sixties.
In 1961 the 250 Cougar scrambler was released and a works racing team formed, including such riders as Bryan "Badger" Goss and John Draper. The Villiers Starmaker racing engine was introduced in 1962, so Cotton went road racing. The 247 cc Telstar road racer and Conquest were introduced in 1962 and 1964 respectively. Over the next two years, Cottons were winning races again.
Loss of Villiers.
Then Villiers withdrew from engine supply, and Cotton was forced to source engines from elsewhere. The Cotton Cavalier trials bike used a Minarelli engine, but production was slow. Cotton had been profitably selling bikes in kit form, but changes to legislation proved damaging.
They moved their factory to Stratton Road in 1970, where they diversified into production of the Cotton Sturdy, a three wheel factory truck. Over the next decade production was moved a number of times, and they managed to produce a good 250 cc racing machine with a Rotax engine. The difficulty of finding a supply of engines after the loss of Villiers was compounded by the appearance of mass-produced Japanese motorcycles in the 1970s.
Closure of the Gloucester factory.
The factory closed in 1980. Following a series of successful 1990s Cotton exhibitions at the Gloucester Folk Museum, the Cotton Owners Club (an international organisation) was formed, where a rally is held each summer.
Replicas.
In the late '90s AJS Motorcycles Ltd. of Goodworth Clatford, Andover, England produced a series of Cotton replica competition motorcycles including the 250 Cobra Scrambler, Cotton-Triumph 500 Scrambler, Telstar 250 road racer and 250 Starmaker Trials Bike. 
These replicas followed the original chassis designs accurately. The frames were T.I.G welded, and employed either AJS Stormer wheel hubs, British Hubs or Grimeca hubs. Betor or Marzocchi front forks were fitted, usually with Sebac rear shocks. 
The replicas were very successful on the Pre '65 Moto X circuits and in the hands of classic race competitors. Nick Brown of AJS Motorcycles Ltd. owns the Cotton trademark.

</doc>
<doc id="5849393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849393" title="If You Asked Me To">
If You Asked Me To

"If You Asked Me To" is a song written and originally released as the lead single for Patti LaBelle's seventh solo studio album, entitled "Be Yourself", and for the James Bond 007 motion picture "Licence to Kill" soundtrack. The song is a ballad written by critically acclaimed songwriter Diane Warren. The lyrics are from the point of view of a woman who pleads to her significant other:
Patti LaBelle (James Bond) version.
"If You Asked Me To" was first featured on the soundtrack of the 1989 James Bond movie, "Licence to Kill". LaBelle's version peaked at number 79 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, at number 10 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, and at number 11 on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks.
The music video was filmed shortly after Jacqueline "Jackie" Padgett died of lung cancer at age 43, and just one day after her funeral. (She was the third of Patti LaBelle's sisters to die; all three of Patti's sisters died before age 44.) As such, the context of the song changed dramatically, as a mourning LaBelle, dressed in black, sings the song in a church (with candles and mourning lilies), intercut with shots of her in tears.
Despite being a Top 10 hit on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts, the song did not crossover to the pop charts until Céline Dion covered it three years later. Regarding the subject, LaBelle once explained during an interview used for the liner notes of her 1999 "Greatest Hits" album what she believed to be the reason for this fact: "I knew the song was a hit when I recorded it, and I was happy that Celine did it and did so well with it. But the arrangements are so close and we both have pretty powerful voices...so who knows why my version didn't take off. Maybe it was timing..."
Céline Dion version.
Céline Dion covered "If You Asked Me To" and released it as the second single from her eponymous album. It was produced by Guy Roche and was released on April 6, 1992 in the United States, and later the same year in the rest of the world.
The single's non-album B-side was "Love You Blind", written by Jay Oliver and Sheryl Crow and produced by Walter Afanasieff.
The music video for the song was directed by Dominic Orlando and filmed in Chatsworth and Hollywood, Los Angeles. It was released in April 1992 and included later on Dion's 2001 DVD video collection "All the Way… A Decade of Song & Video".
The song was a hit in the United States and Canada. "If You Asked Me To" reached number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 (number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay and number 11 on the Hot 100 Singles Sales) and did even better on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart, spending three weeks at number 1. Also in Canada, it reached number 1. The single had moderate success elsewhere. "If You Asked Me To" was released twice in the United Kingdom: first, in June 1992, when it peaked at number 60, and the second time in December 1992, when it reached number 57. According to Nielsen SoundScan, the single has sold 415,000 copies in the U.S.
In 1993, "If You Asked Me To" won an ASCAP Pop Award for most performed song in the United States. It was also nominated for the Billboard Music Award for Hot Adult Contemporary Single of the Year and Juno Award for Single of the Year (the latter was won by Dion's "Beauty and the Beast").
"If You Asked Me To" was included on the North American versions of Dion's greatest hits "All the Way… A Decade of Song" in 1999 and "" in 2008.
Critical reception.
AllMusic senior editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine picked it as one of standout songs together with "Beauty and the Beast" and "Introduction/Love Can Move Mountains."
Formats and track listings.
U.S. CD single
Worldwide CD single
Australian/European CD maxi single
UK CD maxi single
Other cover versions.
In 2006, Filipino band MYMP covered this song for their live album "MYMP Live at the Music Museum" and released it as single. In 2012, Filipino singers Erik Santos and Angeline Quinto recorded their version of the song for the film "Unofficially Yours".

</doc>
<doc id="5849394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849394" title="War of the Flemish Succession">
War of the Flemish Succession

The War of the Flemish Succession was a series of feudal conflicts in the mid-thirteenth century between the children of Margaret II, Countess of Flanders. They concerned the succession to the two counties, the first a fief of the King of France and the latter of the King of Germany. 
Origins.
When Baldwin IX, Count of Flanders and Hainault, left on the Fourth Crusade in 1202, he left his western domains under his eldest daughter Joanna. Joanna inherited the counties on Baldwin's death and, despite two marriages, died without heirs in 1244. She was succeeded by her younger sister, the aforementioned Margaret. 
Margaret's first marriage, to Bouchard of Avesnes, was broken in 1221 per orders from Joanna and the excommunication of Bouchard. By Bouchard, however, she had already had three children, including John I of Avesnes. Nevertheless in 1223, Margaret remarried with William II of Dampierre (d.1231), who likewise gave three offspring, including William III and Guy of Dampierre. 
The rights to Margaret's inheritance between the sons of Avesnes and those of Dampierre were the cause of the conflicts known as the "war of the succession of Flanders and Hainault." 
First conflict.
The first conflict opened with Margaret's succession in 1244. John I of Avesnes and William of Dampierre, half brothers, fought between themselves until King Louis IX intervened in 1246. Louis gave Hainault (technically not his to give) to John I of Avesnes and Flanders (indeed his vassal) to William of Dampierre. Margaret, in light of this judgement, gave the government of Flanders over to William of Dampierre in 1247. She did not however relinquish her governance of Hainault to John I of Avesnes. 
In 1251, William III of Dampierre died and Flanders passed to his brother Guy of Dampierre.
Second conflict.
In 1248, Louis had left on the Seventh Crusade and remained abroad for six years. John I of Avesnes quickly apprehended that his mother did not intend to give him the government of Hainault as she had that of Flanders to her other sons. John I of Avesnes revolted against his mother and attacked his half-brother Guy of Dampierre, recently become count of Flanders. 
The war continued with John I of Avesnes convincing the German anti-king William of Holland, to seize Hainault and Flemish territory within the empire. The fighting continued until the Battle of West-Capelle of 4 July 1253, where John I of Avesnes gained a brilliant victory over Guy of Dampierre and forced him and his mother to respect the division of Louis and grant him Hainault.
Third conflict.
Margaret did not rest in her defeat and did not recognise herself as overcome. She instead granted Hainault to Charles of Anjou, the brother of King Louis, who had recently returned from the crusade. Charles took up her cause and warred with John I of Avesnes, but failed to take Valenciennes and just missed being killed in a skirmish. When Louis returned in 1254, he reaffirmed his earlier arbitration and ordered his brother to get out of the conflict. Charles returned to Provence. With this second arbitration of the holy king, the conflict closed and John I of Avesnes was secure in Hainault.

</doc>
<doc id="5849429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849429" title="Alan Adler">
Alan Adler

Alan Adler is an American inventor. His inventions include aerodynamic toys, such as footballs with fins and flying rings and discs. His Aerobie Pro flying ring set several world records for the farthest thrown object. In 2005 he invented a coffee brewing device and method called the AeroPress.
He has approximately 40 patents in electronics, optics, and aerodynamics. He lectures in mechanical engineering at Stanford University and has lectured at NASA, The Royal Aeronautical Society, Princeton University, California Institute of Technology, and University of California - Davis. 
He lives in Los Altos, California and is owner/president of Aerobie, Inc - Palo Alto.

</doc>
<doc id="5849434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849434" title="T. J. Stancil">
T. J. Stancil

Thomas J. Stancil (born June 11, 1982 in Bensalem, Pennsylvania) is a strong-side linebacker who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. 
Stancil was signed as a free agent by Saskatchewan in 2005 as a backup to Jackie Mitchell, the incumbent starter at the time. However, injuries to Mitchell allowed Stancil to showcase his skills as the starter midway through 2005, and the Roughriders awarded him the starting position in 2006 while moving Mitchell to the free safety position. He however injured his knee early in the 2006 season, missing the remainder of the season. He played for Boston College during his collegiate years.
He was released by the Riders on May 31, 2008, but was picked up by the BC Lions in July.Canadian careers kick off with perfect records</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="5849455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849455" title="Lou Graham (Seattle madame)">
Lou Graham (Seattle madame)

Lou Graham (February 9, 1857 – March 11, 1903), born Dorothea Georgine Emile Ohben, was a German-born woman who became famous as the madame of a brothel in what is now the Pioneer Square district of Seattle, Washington, USA
Graham in Seattle.
Graham arrived in Seattle in 1888; the city, barely three decades old, was at the tail end of a period (from November 23, 1883 until a series of court decisions in 1887–1888) in which women's suffrage had led to a triumph of "reform" politics there. Monied interests were voted out of political office, liquor licenses revoked, brothels closed and relevant laws strictly enforced. The result for this frontier economy was, in the words of local popular historian Bill Speidel, that "The fines and licenses on liquor, gambling and prostitution that had been the major source of income for the operation of the city dwindled to almost nothing."
Graham approached Jacob Furth, and through him a number of the city's leading businessmen, with a proposal for the establishment of a brothel comparable in prices and quality to the city's finest hotels. Prices were to be openly posted (as against charging what the traffic would bear from night to night), staffed by women who would be (Speidel's words again here) "gorgeous…, talented…, … who could discuss the opera, or politics, or economics, or world conditions on an intelligent level with the leaders of America.
With their forthcoming start-up capital she purchased the property at the corner of Third and Washington. Her first building was short-lived; it burned in the Great Seattle Fire of June 6, 1889, but she had already profited sufficiently to rebuild in stone afterwards. In less than 18 months she had done well enough to expand significantly. Her initial parcel of land had cost $3,000; The larger parcel she bought after the fire cost $25,000.
She established the young city's most refined parlor house at the southwest corner of 3rd Avenue South and South Washington Street, "a discreet establishment for the silk-top-hat-and-frock-coat set to indulge in good drink, lively political discussions and, upstairs, ribald pleasures -- all free to government representatives." Speidel, in his history of early Seattle "Sons of the Profits", remarks that in her heyday "More city business was transacted at Lou's than at City Hall." The building survives as the Washington Court Building, 221 South Washington Street and houses, among other things, part of the Union Gospel Mission. There are interior vestiges of the original brothel in the form of a stairway leading up to a second-floor landing from which former bedroom spaces are accessible.
During the period of Graham's ascendancy, Seattle wavered back and forth between "open city" and "closed city" policies. Graham's establishment briefly went dormant during one such "closed city" period in 1890 but soon opened wide its doors for business once again. By February 14, 1891 (Valentine's Day, ironically), something of a "Wild West" atmosphere had returned to the tideflats, and a rookie policeman involved in a general crackdown on prostitution arrested Graham out of ignorance of her identity. The result was acquittal in a jury trial and (according to Speidel) the subsequent resignation of reform mayor Henry White. 
For the rest of Lou Graham's life her brothel remained an institution. "No young businessman was really considered a man about town until he could discuss with ease the interior decorations of Lou's establishment...and some of the finer points of the distinguished young ladies…" 
Character and legacy.
Speidel describes Lou Graham as "regal", 
The fortunes of many of Seattle's leading families were founded on loans from Graham. When banker Jacob Furth was approached with a loan request for a business idea that he thought was good, but which he did not think his board of directors at Puget Sound National Bank would approve, he would send them on to Graham, who would make a loan at higher interest, but with less formality. Graham may have been instrumental in saving Furth's bank from a bank run during the Panic of 1893 by ostentatiously making a large deposit. After she died a Puget Sound National Bank employee became administrator of her estate.
By the time she succumbed to syphilis in San Francisco in 1903, Graham had become a wealthy landowner, one of the largest in the Pacific Northwest. She owned one of Seattle's great mansions (2106 E. Madison Street, demolished in 1966) and "contributed liberally" to projects sponsored by the Seattle Chamber of Commerce. She contributed more money to the education of the city's children than the rest of the city's prominent early citizens combined. After the Panic of 1893, her loans saved some of the city's most prestigious families from bankruptcy. At least one source says she left her estate to relatives in Germany, but according to Bill Speidel she died intestate, and her supposed relatives from Hamburg turned out to be frauds. Her estate went to support the common schools in King County, the county in which Seattle is located. 
Speidel wrote in his last book that traditional forms of documentation consistently underrate the contribution of women in general, and particularly of less respectable women such as Graham. He credits Henry Broderick and Joshua Green with corroborating Graham's importance and her business relationship with Jacob Furth, but he notes that both insisted that their names could not be cited in this connection until after their deaths.

</doc>
<doc id="5849466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849466" title="Bill Yeoman">
Bill Yeoman

Bill Yeoman (born December 26, 1927) is a former American football player and coach. Starting in 1962, he was the University of Houston's head coach, holding the position through 1986. In his tenure, he became the winningest coach in school history, with an overall record of 160–108–8. Yeoman revolutionized offensive football in 1964 by developing the Veer option offense. Yeoman also played a prominent role in the racial integration of collegiate athletics in the South by being the first coach at a predominantly white school in the State of Texas to sign a black player. Yeoman's Cougars finished the season ranked in the AP Top 10 four times and finished 11 times in the AP or UPI Top 20.
Playing career.
Yeoman played center for Army from 1946 to 1948 under legendary head coach Earl Blaik. The 1946 team was 9–0–1 with a backfield of two Heisman Trophy winners: Glenn Davis and Doc Blanchard. Yeoman was a team captain in 1948 and chosen as a second team All-American. The Army football teams in which he played compiled a combined 22–2–4 record. Bill Yeoman is still the only underclassman to ever captain an Army team.
Coaching career.
From 1950 to 1953, Yeoman served in the United States Army. After his return from the Army, he became an assistant coach under Duffy Daugherty at Michigan State from 1954 to 1961.
Houston.
After serving as an assistant coach for eight seasons at Michigan State, Yeoman was hired to become the head coach of the University of Houston Cougars in 1962. The Cougars had only begun playing football in 1946 and had enjoyed little success or prominence in the program’s short history. Yeoman established a winning tradition in his very first year at Houston, guiding the team to a 7–4 record and a victory in the Tangerine Bowl. After a losing season in 1963, Yeoman began experimenting with a new offense named the Veer, which used a split-back alignment. The Veer option offense would revolutionize college football and help the Cougars to become a perennial power.
Yeoman became the first head college football coach of a major program in the state of Texas to give a scholarship to an African American player. Warren McVea, from San Antonio, signed with UH on July 11, 1964. The recruitment of McVea was part of an overall move by the University of Houston athletic department in 1964 to integrate their athletic programs. The other prominent black athletes signed by UH that year were basketball players Elvin Hayes and Don Chaney.
Running the Veer offense, Houston led the nation in total offense for three consecutive years in the late 1960s, with averages of more than 400 yards per game each year. The 1968 offensive total was the highest in the country (42.5 points per game), and set an NCAA record. This average was aided in part by the Cougars' 100–6 victory over Tulsa that marked the last time that a team scored 100 points in a top-division college football game. 
Houston joined the Southwest Conference in 1976, and the Cougars posted a 10–2 record that included a 30–0 win at rival Texas and a victory over Maryland in the Cotton Bowl Classic. Yeoman finished as the runner-up for the AFCA Coach of the Year award and won Coach of the Year in the state of Texas. During Yeoman's career, the Cougars won four Southwest Conference Championships (1976, 1978, 1979, 1984), and he earned a 6–4–1 record in bowl games including a Cotton Bowl Classic win over Nebraska in 1980. 
Yeoman's tenure at UH was not without controversy. In 1986, allegations surfaced that illegal recruiting inducements and extra benefits had been tendered to UH football players. Yeoman was alleged to have handed out cash to players. Due in part to the investigation, Houston forced Yeoman to retire at the end of the season after a 1-10 campaign. 
Yeoman coached 46 All-Americans, and 69 players who later competed in the NFL, during his career. Current Baylor head coach Art Briles also played for Yeoman at UH. In his 25 years as the headman at UH he had taken the program from obscure upstart to regional power. In the process, his offensive innovations had helped to revolutionize college football. When Yeoman arrived at UH, he inherited a little-known independent program that had been to only one bowl game. He left it as a member and four-time champion of a major athletic conference. 
In 1988, the NCAA slapped Houston with three years' probation for over 250 major violations in the latter part of Yeoman's tenure. The Cougars were banned from bowl games in 1989 and 1990 and kicked off live television in 1989. They were also limited to 15 scholarships for the 1989 season. As draconian as these sanctions were, the NCAA said that the penalties would have been even harsher (including being limited to 20 scholarships for 1990 and 50 paid recruiting visits for 1989) had Yeoman still been coach. As it turned out, the penalties that were imposed were harsh enough that the Cougars would need almost the entire decade of the 1990s to recover; they would only have two winning seasons from 1991 to 2004.
Later life and honors.
Yeoman was inducted into the University of Houston Hall of Honor in 1998. The College Football Hall of Fame inducted Yeoman in 2001, and two years later the Texas Sports Hall of Fame named him as an inductee. Also in 2002, Yeoman received the Paul "Bear" Bryant Award Lifetime Achievement Award. The University of Houston named the Yeoman Field House, where Houston track and field compete, after him. Yeoman currently works as a fundraiser and Development Officer in the athletic department of the University of Houston. Yeoman's name was mentioned in the movie "We are Marshall" as a leader of the veer offense when the Marshall coaching staff was considering switching to the veer offense.
Coaching tree.
Yeoman worked under only one head coach:

</doc>
<doc id="5849468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849468" title="Vaad Hatzalah">
Vaad Hatzalah

Vaad Hatzalah (the Rescue Committee or Committee for Rescuing) was an organization to rescue Jews in Europe from the Holocaust.
It was founded in November 1939 by the Union of Orthodox Rabbis of the United States and Canada ("Agudath Harabbanim")[http://motlc.wiesenthal.com/site/pp.asp?c=gvKVLcMVIuG&b=395035]. It was originally named Emergency Committee for War-Torn Yeshivas and it is often referred to as "the Rescue Committee" also formally named: Vaad ha-Hatzala in Hebrew.
Activities.
Recognizing that following the law would lead to greater numbers of Jews being murdered, the Vaad sometimes used means that were illegal.
For example, the Polish government in exile in Bern sent coded cables to New York on behalf of the Vaad and related Jewish organizations. This avoided the strict American censors and allowed messages from Nazi-controlled Europe to reach Jewish rescuers. The American State Department had issued orders to block messages coming from Europe regarding news of the Nazis extermination of the Jews. 

</doc>
<doc id="5849481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849481" title="Arcus Odyssey">
Arcus Odyssey

Arcus Odyssey is an action role-playing game video game developed by Wolf Team and released by Renovation Products. The game was released in 1991 for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis, Sharp X68000 and Super Famicom. It features an isometric perspective and cooperative gameplay, as well hack and slash gameplay. It tells the story of four heroes trying to thwart the return of an evil sorceress.
"Arcus Odyssey" is part of the "Arcus" franchise, which also included "Arcus" in 1988, "" in 1989, and "Arcus III" in 1991. A North American version for the SNES was planned, but it was cancelled following Sega's acquisition of Renovation Products (American publisher for Wolf Team and Telenet games). It was released only in Japan with the title Arcus Spirits, and was also planned to be released in Europe by Loriciels.
Gameplay.
In "Arcus Odyssey", the player takes on the role of one of four different characters, and proceeds through each level in order. The players may move, attack, defend using a projectile-blocking shield, and use a variety of offensive, defensive, and recovery items and magic, all of which can be found in chests scattered throughout the levels. Some levels require the players to accomplish sub-quests in order to proceed, such as extinguishing a fire blocking the door to the next level. Other levels give the player an ally for some parts of the game.
The game primarily has an isometric view, although the player's characters can move freely in eight directions. After defeating most bosses, players receive a power boost; this boost either gives them more health or more power.
Plot.
Hundreds of years ago, the powerful evil sorceress Castomira sought to destroy the land of Arcus and remake it a place of chaos and darkness in her own image. The only person powerful enough to stop her was Leaty, a kindly princess and the granddaughter to the legendary King of Light. Leaty challenged Castomira and the two fought for days on end, but the powers of the light eventually overwhelmed the dark witch, who was banished to the Dark World for all eternity. Foreseeing the possible return of Castomira, Leaty forged a magical sword capable of destroying her, that came to be known as "The Power of Leaty", and trusted its safekeeping with the King of Arcus.
Now, a millennium later, the followers of the Castomira have stolen the Sword, in order to resurrect their mistress as the power of darkness grows stronger by the day. Only the powers of four brave heroes can stop her minions and prevent a second coming of Castomira that could spell doom for all of Arcus: Jedda the Swordsman, Diana the Archer; Erin the Warrior-Maiden and Bead the Mage. At the end of the game, the players are given a choice between putting an end to Castomira and sacrificing their own lives to help her.
Reception.
"Arcus Odyssey" was well received. "GamePro" hailed the Genesis version as "the best so far" isometric action game, adding that its "intro is this masterpiece has to be one of the best around!" David Upchurch of "ACE" scored it 863/1000, writing: "To put it simply, "Arcus Oddysey" is one of the finest examples of the arcade adventure genre too appear on the Megadrive." The game was reviewed in 1992 in "Dragon" #178 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game 4 out of 5 stars. They commented: "A few gamers might not enjoy having to explore twisted caves in order to attain to the next higher level; hackers would probably prefer to blow everything to bits. Although this product is not entirely original, Renovation is offering consumers quite a successful game in "Arcus Odyssey"."
Retro Game Age gave it seven out of ten stars and IGN ranked it as the eight best Renovation game.

</doc>
<doc id="5849487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849487" title="Area code 316">
Area code 316

Area Code 316 is the area code for telephone exchanges in the city of Wichita, Kansas and surrounding communities. The area code formerly covered all of southern Kansas.
History of area codes in Kansas.
Despite a relatively small population, Kansas was scheduled to receive two area codes under the original North American Numbering Plan proposal from the Bell Telephone Company in 1946. Under the original plan, area codes were to be assigned sequentially based on geography; Kansas initially received area codes 617 and 618.(1)
In October 1947, the final plan was adopted; Kansas' two area codes had been radically altered from the original plan. Southern Kansas (Wichita, Dodge City, Emporia, Garden City) received 316, while the northern half (Kansas City, Topeka, Lawrence, Salina, Hays) got 913. Long-distance calls using area codes would not be implemented until late 1951.
The original configuration was unusual for Kansas, a state which has usually seen east-west geographic disputes. However, a north-south split was deemed necessary because Kansas' three major metropolitan areas (Kansas City, Topeka, and Wichita) are all in the east.
Kansas goes from two area codes to four.
The two area codes of Kansas remained constant for more than 40 years. But by the mid-1990s, the exchanges for area code 913 were being exhausted due to the proliferation of cell phones and pagers, as well as a rapid population growth in Overland Park, Kansas, a suburb of Kansas City.
Late in 1996, the Kansas Corporation Commission, which oversees telecommunications in the state, requested relief from the NANPA for the exchanges of area code 913, and on February 12, 1997, the NANPA responded by splitting most of northern Kansas from area code 913 into the new area code 785. From July 20, 1997 through October 2, 1998, customers affected by the new area code could use either 913 or 785 when dialing long-distance. On October 3, 1998, the 785 area code became mandatory in the new calling area. 
The southern half of the state would soon follow. With a similar proliferation of cell phones, especially in and around Wichita, the KCC requested relief for area code 316. On September 21, 2000, the NANPA split off most of southern Kansas and gave it the new 620 area code, which now completely surrounds 316. Between February 3 and November 2, 2001, numbers in the affected area could be dialed using 316 or 620, whereafter when the use of 620 became mandatory.
Boundaries of area code 316.
When most of area code 316 was moved to the new area code 620, most of Sedgwick County, as well as portions of Butler, Kingman, Reno and Harvey counties remained in area code 316.
When area code 316 covered all of southern Kansas, the boundary ran from west to east roughly following a path along K-4 and K-96. The code boundary dipped along I-135 in McPherson County and continued east to just north of Emporia in Lyon County along the Kansas Turnpike, and ended at the Missouri state line.
With the area code now shrunk to a fraction of its former size, 316 is the only one of Kansas' four area codes that does not reach the Missouri border.

</doc>
<doc id="5849489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849489" title="Alikanas">
Alikanas

Alikanas () is a village in the municipal unit of Alykes, on the island of Zakynthos, Greece. It is situated on a low hill near the Ionian Sea coast. In 2001 its population numbered 341. It is 3 km northeast of Katastari, 3 km northwest of Ano Gerakari and 12 km northwest of Zakynthos city. The village suffered great damage from the 1953 Ionian Earthquake. 

</doc>
<doc id="5849492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849492" title="Matthew Talbot">
Matthew Talbot

Matthew Talbot (ca. 1762September 17, 1827) was an American politician. He was the 30th Governor of Georgia.
Biography.
Talbot was born in Bedford County, Virginia and moved to Wilkes County, Georgia after the American Revolution. Talbot served as a Captain in the Georgia Militia.
He was descended from one of the oldest Norman families in England. He was a grandson of Matthew Talbot, who was the third son of the tenth Earl of Shrewsbury. That Matthew Talbot was born in England in 1699. In 1722 he came on a visit to Maryland with his cousin Edward, a son Earl Talbot, to visit relatives who had settled there and for whom Talbot County in that State was named. He later moved to Maryland, and from their to Virginia where he had four sons. After the death of his wife, he moved to Bedford County, Georgia.
From 1700 to 1791, Talbot served as superior court clerk in Elbert County. He represented Wilkes county as its representative in the Georgia General Assembly.
Talbot eventually moved to Oglethorpe County, Georgia and was elected its delegate to the state Constitutional Convention in 1795 and 1798. In 1808, he was elected to the Georgia Senate and served in that capacity for fifteen years. From 1818 to 1823, he was the president of the Senate.
While Talbot was serving as that president of the Senate in 1819, governor William Rabun died in office, and Talbot served as the 30th Governor for two weeks.
Death and legacy.
He died near Washington, Georgia and is interred in the Smyrna United Methodist Church Cemetery in Washington.
Talbot County, Georgia is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="5849540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849540" title="Herman C. Timm House">
Herman C. Timm House

The Herman C. Timm House is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in New Holstein, Wisconsin, United States. The house is a significant example of Queen Anne Style architecture called stick style architecture. The house was the home of an original settler and prominent citizen, Herman C. Timm.
Herman C. Timm’s history.
Timm came to New Holstein in 1848 from Marne, Germany at age 14. He made his money operating a feed mill called Calumet Feeds at the north end of the block the house is on. He started a bank and was the first president of the village.
History.
The home was built in 1873 in a Greek revival style by Kiel contractor August F. Neumann. It consisted of a current upstairs bedroom and first floor kitchen / dining room. The original home became the rear of the home during an addition in 1891. The addition was done in what was later called "stick style" architecture. The stick style was an 1860-1890 trend where carpentry and woodworking technology allowed for lots of trim detail. Timm’s unmarried children took over the home after his death. They turned the upstairs into a rental unit, and in 1954 upstairs and downstairs were both rented out. The home was donated by H. C. Timm II to the New Holstein Historic Society in 1974.
Local volunteers worked on restoring the house. The house's Grand Opening occurred on May 31, 1976 as part of the United States Bicentennial celebration. The New Holstein Historical Museum featured an "Early Photos of New Holstein" exhibit as part of the celebration. The home was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. The society operated the home as a house museum.
Disasters.
The house had a major roof leak that forced an end to the house tours in 1998. An architectural assessment was performed on the house and the cost to reconstruct the house was estimated between $116,020 and $126,220. Before the roof was repaired, there was a broken pipe in the dining room. The break happened in January 1999. It dumped 500,000 gallons of water through the first floor and into the basement. The rising basement waters extinguished the furnace, causing the water in the pipes and the radiators to freeze, then burst. City water meters knew there was a problem somewhere in the city, but no one could find the source of the leak. A volunteer at the house discovered the leak. The volunteer arranged for a heating repairman to stop the flooding. When the repairman left, he slammed the door closed. The door frame was so swollen that the volunteer was stuck inside. She had to go upstairs and call for help through a front window.
Restoration and rededication.
Only two interior photographs from 1896 exist. The New Holstein Historical Society raised $1.2 million (U.S.D.) for restoration of the Timm House. The Jeffris Foundation of Janesville, Wisconsin gave the Society a $562,875 grant towards the restoration.
Crown Services from nearby Kiel, Wisconsin painted the house. It had to start painting in 2007 because winter temperatures came early in 2006. It finished the job by the July 2007 opening. The company nominated the paint job for a national paint award by Zinsser Company, and it was awarded $10,000 and its "Top Job" winner for 2007. The painters had to deal with lead paint, so worker had to have a lead abatement area to lessen lead poisoning. A minimal amount of damaged siding and trim was replaced to maintain the historic nature of the house. When paint was sprayed, it had to be back brushed to keep the hand-painted look. Two coats of chocolate-colored latex paint were applied. The Timm house paint job was featured on the cover of "American Painting Contractor"'s March 2008 issue.
The reconstruction of the house was completed during the summer of 2007, in time for the city's Market Street Days festival. The house was rededicated on July 15, 2007. Congressman Tom Petri and state Senator Joe Leibham spoke at the rededication. The registered historic place plaque was displayed. An information sign was unveiled that is easily visible as motorists turn a corner on Highway 57 / 32. People were able to take tours of the house for the first time in nearly ten years, and the first group to tour included Petri.
Architecture.
The house features a tower where he could relax and read newspapers. His wife Augusta sometimes slept on the porch on hot summer days beneath its copper roof. Several windows in the living room and vestibule were made from stained glass.
A 600 gallon water tank was filled in the non-freezing months providing running water for bathing, cleaning and a bathroom. Another amenity that was unusual for the time period was master bedroom on the first floor. The original Quezal Art Glass Company brass chandelier remains in the parlor with its iridescent shades. A lot of the other original furnishings were sold by the family or future tenants so other period pieces were used. Tiny fragments of original wallpaper were found in most rooms during reconstruction and a Swedish company hand-made custom replica wallpaper. The three upstairs bedrooms contain donated historical items like the community's first sewing machine, a bed warmer, and a trunk.
The formal living room ceiling was hand painted and stenciled by Bryan Albert Painting Studio LLC located in Wauwatosa, WI. An Arts & Crafts-style chandelier was added to the room when electricity was installed in 1912. The room's hardwood floor was installed diagonally which was expensive at the time. An original Eastlake-style fireplace was brought out of storage during the 1974 reconstruction and two original ceramic dogs were placed on top. Next to the living room is the master bedroom which features a closet which were rare at the time since they were taxed as an additional room.

</doc>
<doc id="5849560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849560" title="London Bridge (song)">
London Bridge (song)

"London Bridge" is a song recorded by American singer Fergie for her debut studio album, "The Dutchess" (2006). It was written by Jamal Jones, Mike Hartnett, Sean Garrett and Fergie herself, while the production was done by Jones under his production name Polow da Don. It was released as the lead single from the album and serviced to contemporary hit and rhythmic radio stations in the United States on July 18, 2006. "London Bridge" is a hip hop song with dance influences. It contains a compositional samples of "Down to The Nightclub" as performed by Tower of Power.
Music critics gave "London Bridge" generally mixed reviews, with some of them criticizing the song's sexually suggestive lyrics and comparing the song to Gwen Stefani's single "Hollaback Girl" (2004). "London Bridge" was a commercial success and reached the top-ten in thirteen countries. In the United States, it peaked at number-one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and at number four on the US Pop Songs chart. "London Bridge" was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and sold more than two million digital copies, becoming the singer's second best selling song in the country. An accompanying music video for the single was directed by Marc Webb and features Fergie playing around with men in England.
Background.
Stacy Ferguson, Sean Garrett and Mike Hartnett wrote "London Bridge" together with Polow da Don, who produced the song. The song contains a compositional sample of "Down to The Nightclub" by Tower of Power. The song was recorded at two separate locations: at the Chalice Recording Studios in Hollywood, California and at Hit Factory Criteria in Miami, Florida. Jones, credited under his production name Polow da Don, produced the song as well as provided background vocals with Jay Anderson, who also provided additional vocals to the song. Hartnett plays the bass and guitar on the song while Nate Hills, know professionally as Danja, played the drums and percussion. The keys for the song were provided by Elvis Williams while engineering was handled by Demacio "Demo" Castellon and Jason Schweitzer. Phil Tan worked with Josh Houghkirk on mixing the song, which took place at Soapbox Studios in Atlanta, Georgia. A&M Records, in association with will.i.am Music Group and Interscope Records, sent the song to contemporary hit radio on July 18, 2006. Fergie stated in an interview with "The Age" that the song was about bringing humor to certain subject matters, stating "'It's poking fun at certain things. I'm really not going to spray the paparazzi with mace - I don't know if you know that about me."
Composition.
"London Bridge" is a hip hop and dance song that lasts for 4:01 (4 minutes and 1 second) and incorporates the use of horns. According to the sheet music published by Windswept Holdings, LLC at Musicnotes.com, it was composed in the key of F major. The song is set in common time to a moderate hip hop groove of 104 beats per minute. Fergie's vocal range spans from the high note of E4 to the low note of F5. Fergie describes the song as being "kind of like a punch in the face to let people know I'm coming out... I've been getting way too into myself nowadays and I just wanna have fun with as many men as I can possible." IGN writer Spence D. labels "London Bridge" as a "club stomper" while Rebecca Wright of Blogcritics describes the song as a catchy and danceable tune with lyrics that are hard to decipher. John Murphy of musicOMH claimed that the song also incorporates the use of horns similar to those used by Beyoncé in her single "Work It Out" (2002). Mike Joseph of PopMatters compared the song to Gwen Stefani's "Hollaback Girl", Nelly Furtado's "Promiscuous", and the Black Eyed Peas' "My Humps". Joseph also notes that the song is a mixture of Stefani's schoolgirl sass and "a bit of ambiguous sleaze".
Critical reception.
Allmusic writer Andy Kellman selected "London Bridge" as one of the album's best tracks, writing that it is "terrific" and "inexplicably asinine". Leah Greenblatt of "Entertainment Weekly" writes that Fergie plays the role of a sexaholic superstar, especially on the refrain, where she "unsubtly, if memorably", combines winky sexual metaphors and club-banging beats. Bill Lamb of About.com rated the song two out of five stars, praising the spirit exuded, claiming it resembles that of Gwen Stefani's "Hollaback Girl". However, he labeled it as a derivative of higher quality pop music and criticized it for its explicit sexual lyrics. Benjamin Boles of "NOW" expressed dislike for the song in this comment, "Basically, if London Bridge doesn’t make you want to rip your ears off, you’ll enjoy almost 80 per cent of the album." Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine also expressed dislike for the song's sexual suggestiveness, writing that it is "the most uninspired metaphor for oral sex in recorded history." Norman Mayers of Prefix Magazine labels "London Bridge" as one of the album's highpoints. Dan Gennoe of Yahoo! Music compared the song to music by American recording artist Gwen Stefani, writing that the "raucous thump has Gwen Stefani stamped all over it."
Spence D. of IGN labels "London Bridge' as the album's centerpice, but notes that compared to "Fergalicious" and "Clumsy" it appears to be "a calculated banger aimed at the unscrupulous club goer." John Murphy of musicOMH would disagree, as he finds the song annoying "nothing more, nothing less", but predicts that it will be a commercial success. Heather Murray of Glasswerk.co.uk criticized the song for its lyrics, lack of originality, and Fergie's voice, which she describes as "whinely drawl."
Chart performance.
In the United States, "London Bridge" entered on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number eighty-four on the issue dated August 5, 2006. The song ascended seventy-nine places to number five the next week, achieving the second biggest leap in "Billboard" Hot 100 history at the time. It ascended to number one the following week and stayed there for three consecutive weeks. The song was certified platinum on July 11, 2007 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), almost a year after its release. It's digital download sales stand at 2,115,000, becoming her first single to surpass sales of two million downloads. "London Bridge" is Fergie's fifth most downloaded song, behind "Big Girls Don't Cry", "Fergalicious", "Glamorous", and "Clumsy".
In Australia, the song entered and peaked at number three on the issue dated September 24, 2006 and stayed at that position for two non-consecutive weeks. The song has been certified gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for sales of 35,000 units. On the issue dated October 2, 2006, the song debuted and peaked at number one on the chart in New Zealand. "London Bridge" peaked at number three in Denmark, Germany and the United Kingdom. In Switzerland, the song peaked on the chart at number six, where it stayed for two non-consecutive weeks and lasted for a total of eighteen weeks. In France, the song entered and peaked at number twenty-seven on the issue dated October 28, 2006. It lasted on the chart for total of eighteen weeks.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Marc Webb. Fergie collaborated with her fellow member of The Black Eyed Peas, will.i.am, Taboo and apl.de.ap on the clip's concept to make it more distinctive. She describes the concept as follows: "We're doing this androgynous-type thing where my girls and I go into a Gentlemen's club and pull them into a bathroom and come back out in their clothes. They're going to be dressed up really dapper and looking really handsome. (sic) " Will.i.am, Taboo, and Apl.de.ap all made cameos in the video. For the video, which was filmed at the Woolwich Barracks in Woolwich, South London, she brought in backup dancers who double as bodyguards, dressed like cholas — tough Mexican girls known for wearing dark lipstick and big hair — to make the clip "have a bit more edge, be very distinct, be very mixed." Fergie is seen intermittently sailing down the River Thames just in front of Tower Bridge, which isn't the same as London Bridge, despite the song title. Fergie based one of her outfits for the video on her family's crest and tartan, with some changes as she wanted it to be modernized. She also wears a tiara cocked to the side of her head to play off the royal name of her album, as well as having the same surname (Ferguson) and nickname, as the Duchess of York (Sarah Ferguson).
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Dutchess", A&M Records, Will.i.am Music Group, Interscope Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5849588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849588" title="David Terrell (fighter)">
David Terrell (fighter)

David Michael Terrell (born January 9, 1978) is an American mixed martial artist from Santa Rosa, California. A black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Cesar Gracie no one has scored a point against Terrell in a grappling match (though he is not undefeated in the sport). He once fought for the UFC Middleweight Championship before being released from his contract. David Terrell has trained UFC fighters such as David Mitchell, Nate Loughran and former Bellator featherweight champion Joe Soto. The Nor Cal Fighting Alliance gym that he runs contains other fighters such as Marcello Cruz and many more.
Background.
Terrell is from Sacramento, California and was introduced to combat sports through wrestling, and was an accomplished wrestler in high school. He officially began training in Brazilian jiu-jitsu when he was 19 years old, being interested in the martial art after watching several UFC fights on television.
Mixed martial arts career.
UFC career.
In his UFC debut, he scored a stunning knockout victory over top Middleweight Matt Lindland. The victory instantly thrust Terrell into title contention, as his next fight was against Evan Tanner for the vacant UFC Middleweight Championship title in February 2005. Despite locking Tanner in a tight guillotine choke, Terrell lost the hold and eventually lost the match by technical knockout in the first round.
Plagued by recurring injuries, Terrell's next fight did not come until "UFC 59" in April 2006, where Terrell submitted his opponent, Scott Smith, with a rear naked choke in the first round. Controversy surrounds the victory as the referee told the fighters to break before Terrell took Smith down. Smith was appealing to the referee when Terrell was able to get Smith's back and apply a rear naked choke. Questionable officiating by referee Marco Lopez led Smith to file a complaint to the California State Athletic Commission. At UFC 62 he was supposed to fight Yushin Okami but withdrew the bout due to a sinus infection. The fight with Okami was then rescheduled to UFC 66, but Terrell again pulled out of the fight citing an elbow injury suffered during training. [http://www.graciefighter.com/?page=news
Despite an early report which claimed that Terrell was planning to move to light heavyweight, Terrell was scheduled to fight Ed Herman in a Middleweight contest at "UFC 78" in November 2007. [http://www.ufc.com/index.cfm?fa=EventDetail.FightCard&eid=958 However, he was dropped from the card due to injury. Canadian Joe Doerksen took his place against Herman.
On February 21, 2008 Terrell was released by the UFC.
Post-UFC.
In early 2010 Terrell expressed his desire to continue fighting.

</doc>
<doc id="5849591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849591" title="Stir It Up (Patti LaBelle song)">
Stir It Up (Patti LaBelle song)

"Stir It Up" is the second single from Patti LaBelle taken from the soundtrack album to the 1984 film "Beverly Hills Cop"—the latter won a Grammy Award for Best Album of Original Score Written for a Motion Picture or Television Special (1986).
The single is also the second of a couple of songs (the other being "New Attitude") she recorded for MCA Records immediately after signing her new contract with that company. Her first full-length album for MCA, "Winner in You", would follow the next year.
The song was also used as the theme song to the short-lived sitcom "Stir Crazy", based on the 1980 hit movie.
Music video.
The music video features Patti LaBelle singing the track in a recording studio with session musicians. This intercuts with a young woman running through the streets. She recruits other passers-by who follow her to the studio where Patti is singing. The city shots were filmed in New York.
Chart performance.
In 1985, the single peaked at number 41 on the U.S. Pop Singles chart and number five on the U.S. Black Singles chart.
Cover.
LaBelle re-recorded "Stir It Up" alongside Joss Stone for the soundtrack to the 2005 Disney animated feature film "Chicken Little". This version was produced by Mark Hammond, and it charted at number 61 on the Japanese J-Wave Tokio Hot 100 airplay chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5849594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849594" title="Area code 913">
Area code 913

Area code 913 is the area code for telephone exchanges located in the Kansas portion of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. Prior to July 20, 1997, 913 covered all of northern Kansas from the Colorado state line to the Missouri state line. The area code is now only used by a few counties bordering Missouri.
History of area codes in Kansas.
Despite a relatively small population, Kansas was scheduled to receive two area codes under the original North American Numbering Plan proposal from the Bell Telephone Company in 1946. Originally, area codes would follow sequentially based on geography, and under the 1946 plan, Kansas would receive area codes 617 and 618.
In October 1947, the final plan was adopted, and Kansas still had its two area codes, although the numbers had been radically altered from the original plan. The southern half of the state (Dodge City, Emporia, Garden City, Wichita) would receive 316, while the northern half (Kansas City, Shawnee, Overland Park) would receive 913. All long-distance calls using area codes would not be implemented until late in 1951.
The original configuration was unusual for Kansas, a state which has usually seen east-west geographic disputes. However, a north-south split was deemed necessary because the state's three major metropolitan areas (Kansas City, Topeka, and Wichita) are all in the east.
Kansas City's explosion necessitates a new code.
The two area codes of Kansas remained constant for more than 40 years, but by the mid-1990s, the proliferation of cell phones, the population explosion in the Kansas City metropolitan area (most notably Johnson County), and deregulation due to the Telecommunications Act of 1996, the exchanges for area code 913 were quickly being exhausted. The supply of numbers was further limited because the Kansas side of the Kansas City area shares a LATA with the Missouri side, meaning several numbers in Missouri's area code 816 weren't available for use.
Late in 1996, the Kansas Corporation Commission, which oversees telecommunications in the state, requested relief from the NANPA for the exchanges of area code 913, and on February 12, 1997, the NANPA responded by splitting off most of northern Kansas--essentially, everything from Topeka westward--into the new 785 area code. From July 20, 1997 through October 2, 1998, a period of permissive dialing was in use, allowing customers affected by the new area code to use either 913 or 785 when dialing long-distance. On October 3, 1998, the 785 area code became mandatory in the new calling area, and 913 was left to the Kansas City area.
Boundaries of area code 913.
When area code 785 took away most of the geographic territory of area code 913, Wyandotte and most of Anderson, Douglas, Linn, Miami, Johnson, Leavenworth, and Atchison counties kept 913. It is also interesting to note that the City of Elwood (surrounded on 3 sides by Missouri) retained the 913 area code, despite the rest of Doniphan County switching to the 785 area code.
When area code 913 covered all of northern Kansas, the boundary ran from west to east roughly following a path along Kansas Routes 4 and 96 from the Colorado state line eastward. The code boundary dipped along Interstate 135 in McPherson County and continued east to just north of Emporia in Lyon County along the Kansas Turnpike, and then all the way to the Missouri state line.
See also.
List of NANP area codes

</doc>
<doc id="5849604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849604" title="Skibet skal sejle i nat">
Skibet skal sejle i nat

"Skibet skal sejle i nat" ("The ship is leaving tonight") was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1957, performed in Danish by Birthe Wilke and Gustav Winckler and consequently the first time Danish was heard in the Eurovision.
The song was performed ninth on the night, following France's Paule Desjardins with "La belle amour" and preceding Switzerland's Lys Assia with "L'enfant que j'étais". At the close of voting, it had received 10 points, placing 3rd in a field of 10.
The song is a love duet, with the singers parting before one of them takes a sea voyage on the ship of the title. Additionally, the song is famous for the kiss the duo exchanged at the end of the performance - the longest stage kiss in Contest history, made so by a stagehand omitting to signal for it to end.
While the Contest was still predominantly a radio show at the time, the conservative social mores ensured that this event has entered Eurovision folklore. Indeed, at the late 2005 Congratulations special, hosts Katrina Leskanich and Renars Kaupers pretended to re-enact it, only to have Wilke herself appear between them.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1958 Contest by Raquel Rastenni with "Jeg rev et blad ud af min dagbog".

</doc>
<doc id="5849616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849616" title="Linda George">
Linda George

Linda George (born 1964) is an ethnic Assyrian singer who resides in the United States Of America. The vast majority of her songs are sung in her native Assyrian language.
Early career – 1980s.
George's career started in the Assyrian community in Chicago discovered by Assyrian singer Sargon Gabriel. Sargon featured Linda on his track "Dalaleh". The track became a popular record in the Assyrian community and helped George land her own album. George's first album, "Hal Eiman", was released in 1983 and instantly was a success. Linda soon became popular and recognizable with the help of songs such as the title track "Hal Eman", "La Khaswit M'Barokh", "Nishra D'Atour and "Marqidly". 
It was not until her third album "Neqmeh Min Garbiat Atree" that George had major success. The album, released in 1986, featured some of George's most popular songs. Songs such as "Asheeta", "Taleeboota", "Mokhibbie Kheesheleh" and "Ktowa Khashana".
Breakthrough – 1990's.
With her next three albums, "Alahata D'khooba, Shooprah o Khaila", "Wardeh Bil Drananet Khooba" and "Kooma Khwara", George continued her success into the early 1990s. She became the first Assyrian singer to use contemporary beats and music with traditional Assyrian singing. This was showcased on songs such as the party song "Kooma Khwara" where she also provided a remix version. George was the first Assyrian singer to sing in a different language on her albums. On one of the tracks featured on the album "Wardeh bil Drananet Khooba", Linda sings in French. She also sings in English on one of the tracks on the album " Alahta D'Khooba Shoopra O'Khaila"
After dabbling with different beats and contemporary mixes on her three previous albums, George changed the way of Assyrian Music on her seventh Album, "Khamra Teeka" released in 1993. The album, featuring the song "Matlab D'Libba", featured a first for Assyrian Music. The song featured a rap segment sung in part English, part Assyrian written & performed by Walid Ishak aka M.C. Roc the rapper of Groovetek . 
The song, dubbed the "Chapeh Chapeh Song" became successful. Other tracks on the album such as "Khamra Teeka", the title track, showed the direction that George's music was heading. The albums' other standout track however was the heart-wrenching song "Barwar". The song was released after the Gulf War and after the region of Barwar in Northern Iraq was bombed and left in shambles. The song tells the story of the devastation of the war but leaves listeners with a glimpse of hope and strength.
In the Mid to late 1990s, George released two albums. Her last studio album of the decade was 1995's "Khoot Goolpane't Malakha". The album contained a little bit of everything that Linda's previous albums featured, such as traditional music, upbeat contemporary beats, ballads and dance hits. In 1999, Linda released "Colours of my Country", a live album of traditional folk hits performed live in Media TV based in Bruxell, Belgium.
Legacy.
2000's.
After a year she was sponsored by Froggie record in Australia to release her first album in English, the soon after the record company was legally vanished, Linda was only able to release 3 singles and return to the stated then for the Assyrian New Year celebration on April 2001 she made her historical tour to North of Iraq, where she was welcomed by over 20,000 Assyrian fans.
In 2003, LG influenced by her last trip to North of Iraq she named her new release of "Silence of a Valley". The album featured new music from Linda as well as new music videos. she also reunited with Walid Ishak aka M.C. Roc for a new song called omtho hich lemaytho .Music from the album was used for the Assyrian feature length film "Cost of Happiness", released by Strategic Entertainment. With the release of the new album also came George's website.
In 2005, after Saddam Hussein was de-throned as the leader of Iraq, Linda released "I am Free", a CD sung in Arabic with 4 songs. The lead single, "Ana Hurra" was released world wide as an anthem for the newly liberated Iraq. The songs' video was shot by Strategic Entertainment. The second single off the album, "Hulla Hulla" was subsequently released and a video was shot and premiered on Middle Eastern television stations.
More hits such "Parkhaneeta", " Doushi", "Tlaneeta D'Timmal", from the album titled "Doushi", was released in 2007.
2010s.
After being in demand and travelling 2 million air miles by 2010. and being the most photographed woman in the Assyrian history. LG worked hard on her latest album titled " Mokhneeten Minokh" recording the album musically in Sweden and recording the vocals, final mixing and mastering in the U.S. As she toured to Australia for the 22nd time Easter Tour of 2010, she was able to finish video taping one of her hits on this album, "Madeleey"... two more hits on this album were released as video clips, currently working on " Dakhit Msaya" in the U.S and "Mokhneeten Minokh" in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="5849619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849619" title="Palm m100 series">
Palm m100 series

The Palm m100 series consists of four Palm OS based personal digital assistants (or PDAs) titled m100, m105, m125, and m130. These models were intended to be "entry-level" PDAs. Their cases were built from cheaper materials, the covers of the LCD screens and the digitizers were plastic rather than glass, and the screens were smaller than the more expensive palms. Unlike other Palm computers, which had rechargeable batteries, they were designed to run on standard dry cell batteries (except for the m130, which uses a rechargeable battery). Data preservation occurred via a backup battery system that had a very short life and high voltage volatility, such that users had to change dry-cell batteries one at a time; users who removed all the batteries and then replaced them all would find that the backup battery had died in the time that it took to change the batteries, with the effect that the unit's memory had been erased. All feature a hinged screen cover with a small window over the screen through which the system clock can be viewed for a few seconds when the "scroll up" button is depressed through a hole in the cover, when the unit is not in use.
Specifications.
The m100 is powered by the Motorola EZ Dragonball processor operating at 16MHz, and it has 2 Megabytes of RAM. It was released in August 2000. It is 4.66 inches high, 3.10 inches wide, and 0.72 inches thick. It weighs 3.7oz without batteries or screen cover. It came with a serial cable to sync with a computer and a CD ROM with Palm Desktop software. It has a durable plastic screen that will withstand falls better than glass screens, and it comes with a hinged screen cover that hangs over the screen when not in use.
The m105 is identical to the m100 but it contains 8 Megabytes of RAM, and in the box a cradle is included instead of a cable. The m105 had a problem whereby the capacitor that saved the contents of the RAM when changing batteries would fail. Several hardware hacks are available that fix this error.
The m125 is powered by the Motorola VZ Dragonball processor operating at 33MHz. It has a 160x160 pixel greyscale LCD screen and 8 Megabytes of RAM. It originally shipped with Palm OS 4.0. The cradle connection and expansion port differs from that of the earlier models, and is identical to that of the Palm m500 series, and this model shipped with a synchronization cradle that connected to the USB port (M100 and M105 connected via the PC's serial port.) This handheld also features a memory slot which takes a SD or MMC format external memory. The Palm m125 is the last PDA manufactured by Palm that accepts user-replaceable AAA batteries.
The m130 is also powered by the Motorola VZ Dragonball processor operating at 33MHz. It has a 160x160 pixel LCD screen that supported 16 bit color. It originally shipped with Palm OS 4.1.

</doc>
<doc id="5849625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849625" title="Lauri Heino">
Lauri Heino

Lauri A. Heino (August 24, 1918 in Somero – February 3, 2001) was a Finnish soldier, awarded the Mannerheim Cross (2nd class) on November 11, 1943. At the time, he held the rank of sergeant and was serving as a tank driver in the 3rd Company, I Armoured Battalion of the Finnish Armoured Brigade.
Heino was the first foreign soldier to capture an intact Soviet T-34 tank and drive it.

</doc>
<doc id="5849644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849644" title="Putnam Memorial State Park">
Putnam Memorial State Park

Putnam Memorial State Park is named for Major General Israel Putnam who chose the site as the winter encampment for his men during the winter of 1778/1779. The former American Revolutionary War encampment and park is located at the intersection of Route 107 and Route 58 in Redding, Connecticut, in the United States of America. It is Connecticut's oldest state park, established in 1887 by Redding resident Charles Burr Todd.
History.
Over 3000 men were sent into winter quarters spread throughout three camps in Redding. The camps were established to keep an eye on the storehouses in Danbury, Connecticut, and to protect Long Island Sound and the Hudson River Valley. Many of these men were the same who had suffered at Valley Forge the previous winter. The 2nd Canadian Regiment, or Congress' Own, under the command of Moses Hazen and the 2nd New Hampshire Regiment under the command of Enoch Poor were stationed at the current park.
On December 29, 1970, the National Park Service listed Putnam Memorial State Park on the National Register of Historic Places.
Activities and amenities.
The park also has picnicking, pond fishing, and ice skating.

</doc>
<doc id="5849648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849648" title="Jeg rev et blad ud af min dagbog">
Jeg rev et blad ud af min dagbog

"Jeg rev et blad ud af min dagbog" (I tore a leaf out of my diary) was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958, performed in Danish by Raquel Rastenni.
The song was performed sixth on the night, following Sweden's Alice Babs with "Lilla stjärna" and preceding Belgium's Fud Leclerc with "Ma petite chatte". At the close of voting, it had received 3 points, placing 8th in a field of 10.
The song is sung from the perspective of a woman apologising to a friend or lover (the lyrics are unclear as to exactly which) for her actions, and suggesting that the other party needs to do likewise. She sings that she regrets the words she used, so she "tore a page out of my diary".
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1959 contest by Birthe Wilke with "Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig".

</doc>
<doc id="5849654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849654" title="Fred Johns">
Fred Johns

Frederick Johns (22 March 1868 – 3 December 1932) was an Australian journalist and biographer.
Johns was born in Houghton, Michigan, United States, son of Cornishman Ezekial Johns of Cornwall, UK. Fred Johns was educated in Cornwall. He emigrated to Australia in 1884 and obtained a position on the "South Australian Register", and rose to be a sub-editor. In 1906 he published his "Johns's Notable Australians", a volume of biographies of Australians then living. A later edition appeared in 1908; from 1912–1914 it appeared as "Fred Johns's Annual". In 1922 it was revived as "Who's Who in the Commonwealth of Australia ", and then in 1927 as "Who's Who in Australia". 
In 1914 Johns was appointed a member of the State Hansard staff, of which he subsequently became the leader. In 1920 Johns published a small collection of patriotic verses, "In Remembrance", which was followed two years later by "A Journalist's Jottings", a collection of essays dealing mostly with well-known Australians. Johns also edited the "South Australian Freemason" 1920–25.
Johns died at Adelaide aged 64. He was survived by a daughter. Under his will the sum of £1500 was left to the University of Adelaide to found "The Fred Johns Scholarship for Biography". Johns' "An Australian Biographical Dictionary" was not quite finished at the time of his death. It was completed by his friend B. S. Roach and published by his daughter in 1934, two years after his death. It contains about 3000 short biographies of eminent Australians. His work is marked by great conscientiousness and care, and as a general rule is remarkably accurate.

</doc>
<doc id="5849667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849667" title="List of toll bridges">
List of toll bridges

The following is a list of toll bridges. Toll bridges are bridges upon which traffic may pass upon payment of a fee, or a "toll". This list is intended to be a subset of List of toll roads.
United Arab Emirates.
Dubai.
The Salik toll system was introduced on 1 July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5849672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849672" title="Zach Slater">
Zach Slater

Zachary "Zach" Slater is a fictional character from the American drama "All My Children". He was portrayed by actor Thorsten Kaye from May 20, 2004 to November 19, 2010; Thorsten returned to the role on August 5, 2011 to September 23, 2011. In 2006, the character was reported by newspaper "Chicago Sun-Times" as one of the male television character romantically desired by their female readers, and is considered one of television's anti-heroes. On April 30, 2013, Kaye reprised the role of Zach for the continuation of "All My Children". In October 2013, Kaye announced he would not be returning for the second season of the series, instead taking on the role of Ridge Forrester on "The Bold and the Beautiful".
Storylines.
2004–11.
Born Alexander Cambias, Jr., Zach was mistreated by his father and made to believe that he was responsible for his mother's death. At age 18 he faked his own death and started a new life as Zach Slater, going on to own a thriving casino business in Las Vegas where he befriended Erica Kane, when she was on the run after becoming the suspect for the murder of Zach's brother Michael Cambias, (who raped and impregnated her lesbian daughter Bianca Montgomery), and Zach offered her a contract to work as a showgirl at his casino while he kept and eye on Erica and researched everything about her family and her history in Pine Valley. Zach later moved to Pine Valley to try to reunite with his old flame Maria Santos. He and Erica's eldest daughter Kendall Hart later entered into a marriage of convenience, but they eventually fell in love. In 2010, Zach was presumed dead in a plane crash brought on by his casino partners, who were stealing from him. In July 2011, Griffin told Ryan that David Hayward's "Orpheus Project" could have brought Zach back to life. Zach wakes up and thinks that Greenlee is Kendall and tells her that after they leave this room that they cannot be together. Greenlee struggles to convince Zach that she is Greenlee not Kendall. Greenlee found out that Zach was alive. Greenlee and Ryan and David rushed Zach to Pine Valley's hospital where is he reunited with Kendall.
2013–.
On April 30, 2013, Jesse Hubbard calls Zach when video evidence shows that Jesse's missing daughter Cassandra got into a car registered in Zach's casino while she was at the airport, returning to Pine Valley from Paris. The following day, Zach returns to town and promises to help Jesse find Cassandra without letting Angie know. He soon learns that Cassandra may be involved in a human trafficking ring. On May 1, 2013, Zach reveals that he and Kendall divorced while the show was off the air because the Russian Mob wanted a piece of his casino and Kendall was sick of living in fear and wanted her kids to be safe.

</doc>
<doc id="5849676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849676" title="Weissenberger">
Weissenberger

Weissenberger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5849679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849679" title="Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig">
Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig

"Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig" (Oh, I'd wish I were you) was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1959, performed in Danish by Birthe Wilke.
The song was performed second on the night, following France's Jean Philippe with "Oui, oui, oui, oui" and preceding Italy's Domenico Modugno with "Piove (Ciao, ciao bambina)". At the close of voting, it had received 12 points, placing 5th in a field of 11.
The song is a love ballad, in which Wilke sings about how much she wishes she were her lover. She then describes how she would love herself in this situation, including asking for her own hand in marriage.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1960 Contest by Katy Bødtger with "Det var en yndig tid".

</doc>
<doc id="5849686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849686" title="Phatthana Nikhom District">
Phatthana Nikhom District

Phatthana Nikhom () is a district ("amphoe") of Lopburi Province in central Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Chai Badan and Tha Luang of Lopburi Province, Muak Lek, Wang Muang, Kaeng Khoi, Chaloem Phra Kiat and Phra Phutthabat of Saraburi Province, and Mueang Lop Buri and Khok Samrong of Lopburi.
The Pa Sak Cholasit Dam that stops the Pa Sak River is located in this district. Phatthana Nikhom is a favorite tourist place due to Sun Flower fields in the winter.
History.
The district was created during the premiership of Field Marshal Plaek Phibunsongkhram.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on February 23, 1962, when the five "tambon" Di Lang, Manao Wan, Khok Salung, Chong Sarika and Nong Bua were split off from Mueang Lopburi district. It was upgraded to a full district on July 16, 1963.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 9 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 88 villages ("muban"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambon") - Phatthana Nikhom covering parts of the "tambon" Phatthana Nikhom, and Kaeng Suea Ten covering parts of "tambon" Nong Bua. There are further 9 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="5849691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849691" title="National Socialist Vanguard">
National Socialist Vanguard

The National Socialist Vanguard is a Neo-Nazi group founded and led by Rick Cooper, and currently based in The Dalles, Oregon.
It has focused its efforts on recruiting high school students.
History.
Rick Cooper (1946-2006) began his National Socialist activism in 1970 when he set up a "White Power" telephone message service in Fresno, California. He joined the National Socialist White People's Party in 1975 and became its business manager at its Arlington, Virginia, Virginia headquarters on Aug. 12, 1978. He remained business manager until Feb. 5, 1980, when he was transferred to Chicago. Cooper began to have friction with Party leader Matt Koehl, particularly over the issuing of National Socialist "victory bonds", which would be redeemed after the Party took power. Cooper filed a lawsuit to recover his investments and suspended from membership.
In a June 1980 letter, NSWPP membership secretary Dominic Lewitzke sent a letter to Cooper outlining the charges against him. The letter accused Cooper of coprolagnia; personal habits which embarrassed the Movement, such as rummaging through trash bins in broad daylight and talking about his coprolania to Party members and business associates; and a lack of proper understanding of the National Socialist worldview and objectives. Cooper responded with an eleven page missive refuting each charge and outlining his decade of National Socialist activism. Within twenty four hours of receiving the letter Lewitzke committed suicide.
Cooper broke with the Koehl in 1982 and founded the NSV on Jan. 1, 1983 in Salinas, California with two other ex-NSWPP members, Dan Stewart and Fred Surber. Attempting to avoid the problems which had beset other National Socialist groups, the NSV was formed as an unincorporated association without formal membership, dues, book list or literature, other than its quarterly newsletter "NSV Report". The organization moved to Goldendale, Washington in the fall of 1985 and has been based in the Dalles, Oregon since at least Oct. 1998.
For a while the NSV had a business arm known as ST Enterprises, which would finance the NSV and provide jobs for activists. Businesses associated with the NSV included Nordic Carpet and Upholstery Cleaning, Hessian Janitorial Service, Quartermaster Laundry and Galactic Storm Troop Amusement Center, all located in Salinas. They intended to create a white separatist enclave called Wolf Stadt. However ST Enterprises folded in 1986
By 2000 the NSV was advocating a survivalist program urging whites to move to rural areas, stock up on food, water, legal firearms and other supplies and network with other activists in anticipation a coming race war. Other than that they recommended that whites join the "legal, organization and political" vehicles of their choice. The NSV was financed by "basically by the activists themselves" and the "NSV Report" was financed by subscription rates and freewill donations."NSV Report" differed from other White Nationalist publications in that it did not publish propaganda for "the masses", but rather was geared to activists, leaders and those who were already in the Movement, and reports on the Movements activities overall, and particularly in the Pacific Northwest, along with some "philosophical articles

</doc>
<doc id="5849718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849718" title="Luca Congi">
Luca Congi

Luca Congi (born June 15, 1983 in Waterloo, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football punter/placekicker who is currently a free agent. He was drafted 12th overall by the Saskatchewan Roughriders in the 2006 CFL Draft. He played CIS football at Simon Fraser University for the Simon Fraser Clan.
Professional career.
Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Congi was drafted out of college by Saskatchewan (12th overall) in 2006, and he won the position of punter/placekicker in training camp. He replaced the Roughriders longtime franchise kicker Paul McCallum, who left Saskatchewan to join the BC Lions as a free agent in 2006. After the 2007 season, Congi was no longer the primary punter for Saskatchewan, with that role going to Jamie Boreham followed by Louie Sakoda in 2010. Instead, he handled all of Saskatchewan's placekicking duties. He was released following the 2011 season after Congi spent most of that season recuperating from injury while Christopher Milo filled in for him and ultimately replaced him. 
His unorthodox kicking habit has been noticed by many sportscasters. When he kicks the ball for a field goal, he does not look at where it is going, but instead looks at the ground only to look up when the ball is through the uprights.
Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
He was signed by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on March 23, 2012. He played two seasons for the Tiger-Cats before quitting the team February 2014 in the wake of the team's re-signing of Justin Medlock, who had also been the Tiger-Cats' kicker before Congi's arrival.

</doc>
<doc id="5849727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849727" title="South Cambie">
South Cambie

South Cambie is a neighbourhood in the City of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, that is generally considered one of the smallest neighbourhoods in the city, both in size and in population. It is wedged between one of the city's largest parks and the upscale neighbourhood of Shaughnessy, and is known for a large cluster of medical facilities. [http://www.city.vancouver.bc.ca/community_profiles/south_cambie/didyouknow.htm]
Geography.
Wedged between Queen Elizabeth Park on the slopes of Vancouver's Little Mountain to the east and the high-priced homes of Shaughnessy on the west, South Cambie is a narrow strip of land encompassing 217 hectares. It is located between the busy north-south corridors of Oak Street and Cambie Street, and stretches from West 16th Avenue in the north to West 41st in the south.
The population of South Cambie was 6,995, according to the 2001 Census; 49.4 percent of respondents listed English as their mother tongue, with Chinese the next largest group at 26.4 percent. [http://www.city.vancouver.bc.ca/commsvcs/Census2001/SouthCambie03.pdf]
History.
A part of a land grant given to the Canadian Pacific Railway in the 1800s, Cambie Street was named after CPR engineer Henry Cambie, who was in charge of the railway's western division. The first non-native settlers arrived in 1874 when William Mackie, a former gold miner, claimed 65 hectares of land surrounding a former elk pasture that is now Douglas Park, on West 22nd Avenue. He was followed by Jeremiah Rogers, who became one of the first users of mechanized logging equipment in British Columbia, building a road to the top of Little Mountain. By 1910, that portion of the land had become a Chinese vegetable garden, and homes began to appear around it. Much of the land remained undeveloped until the 1940s.[http://www.discovervancouver.com/GVB/riley-park.asp]
Features.
A number of heritage structures can be found in the South Cambie area, including the 1912 Tudor-style building that houses a Royal Canadian Mounted Police training facility on Heather Street. A number of other heritage homes from the 1910s and 1920s can be found in the northern portion of the neighbourhood.
The South Cambie area includes some of the province's top medical facilities, including Shaughnessy Hospital, BC Children's Hospital, and BC Women's Hospital and Health Centre.
The South Cambie area is also home to several educational institutions including Eric Hamber Secondary School, Emily Carr Elementary School, Edith Cavell Elementary School and Rose-des-Vents, École secondaire Jules-Verne, both schools operated by Conseil scolaire francophone de la Colombie-Britannique.
Canada Line.
South Cambie has recently been affected by the construction of the Canada Line rapid transit system, which will traverse the entire length of Cambie Street through the South Cambie neighbourhood. Some businesses closed when construction began in 2005 [http://www.vancourier.com/issues05/122205/news/122105nn4.html].

</doc>
<doc id="5849733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849733" title="Shanta Kumar">
Shanta Kumar

Shanta Kumar (born 12 September 1934) is a former Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh and a former minister in Government of India. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was elected to the 9th Lok Sabha from Kangra constituency in 1989. He was re-elected to the Lok Sabha in 1998 and 1999 from the same constituency. He has written a number of books.
Early life.
Shanta Kumar was born to Jagannath Sharma and Kaushalya Devi on 12 September 1934, in the Garhjamula of Kangra district, Himachal Pradesh.
Political career.
His political career began in 1963 when he was elected as a Panch in Gram Panchayat, Garhjamula, Distt. Kangra, Himachal Pradesh. He was subsequently elected as a member of the Panchayat Samiti in Bhawarna and then was president of Zilla Parishad, in Kangra from 1965 to 1970.
He was elected to the Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly in 1972. He remained a member till 1985. He was re-elected to the House again in 1990 and continued till 1992. He became the Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh in 1977. He held the post till 1980 and came back to head the Government again in 1990 and stayed till 1992. He was the Leader of Opposition in the Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly from 1980 to 1985.
He was elected to the 9th Lok Sabha in 1989 from Kangra. He was re-elected twice in 1998 and 1999. He was a senior minister in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government from 1999 to 2004. He was Union Minister of Consumer Affairs and Public Distribution from 1999 to 2002 and Union Minister of Rural Development from 2002 to 2004.
He was elected to the Rajya Sabha from Himachal Pradesh in 2008. In 2014, he was elected to the 14th Lok Sabha from Kangra.

</doc>
<doc id="5849734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849734" title="Det var en yndig tid">
Det var en yndig tid

"Det var en yndig tid" (It was a lovely time) was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, performed in Danish by Katy Bødtger.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Luxembourg's Camillo Felgen with "So laang we's du do bast" and preceding Belgium's Fud Leclerc with "Mon amour pour toi". At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 10th in a field of 13.
The song deals with the "good old days", describing them as a time when courting was much simpler. The description is of life "in the king's old city", which is never named but may have been Copenhagen, given the provenance of the song.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1961 Contest by Dario Campeotto with "Angelique".

</doc>
<doc id="5849742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849742" title="Māori mythology">
Māori mythology

Māori mythology and Māori traditions are the two major categories into which the legends of the Māori of New Zealand may usefully be divided. The rituals, beliefs, and the world view of Māori society were ultimately based on an elaborate mythology that had been inherited from a Polynesian homeland and adapted and developed in the new setting (Biggs 1966:448).
19th-century sources.
Missionaries.
Few records survive of the extensive body of Māori mythology and tradition from the early years of European contact. The missionaries had the best opportunity to get the information, but failed to do so at first, in part because their knowledge of the language was imperfect. Most of the missionaries who did master the language were unsympathetic to Māori beliefs, regarding them as 'puerile beliefs', or even 'works of the devil'. Exceptions to this general rule were J. F. Wohlers of the South Island, Richard Taylor, who worked in the Taranaki and Wanganui River areas, and William Colenso who lived at the Bay of Islands and also in Hawke's Bay. "The writings of these men are among our best sources for the legends of the areas in which they worked" (Biggs 1966:447).
Non-missionary collectors.
In the 1840s Edward Shortland, Sir George Grey, and other non-missionaries began to collect the myths and traditions. At that time many Māori were literate in their own language and the material collected was, in general, written by Māori themselves in the same style as they spoke. The new medium seems to have had minimal effect on the style and content of the stories. Genealogies, songs, and narratives were written out in full, just as if they were being recited or sung. Many of these early manuscripts have been published, and scholars have access to a great body of material (more than for any other area of the Pacific) containing multiple versions of the great myth cycles known in the rest of Polynesia, as well as of the local traditions pertaining only to New Zealand. A great deal of the best material is found in two books, "Nga Mahi a nga Tupuna" (The Deeds of the Ancestors), collected by Sir George Grey and translated as "Polynesian Mythology"; and "Ancient History of the Māori" (six volumes), edited by John White (Biggs 1966:447).
Forms of the legends.
The three forms of expression prominent in Māori and Polynesian oral literature are genealogical recital, poetry, and narrative prose.
Genealogical recital.
The reciting of genealogies (whakapapa) was particularly well developed in Māori oral literature, where it served several functions in the recounting of tradition. Firstly it served to provide a kind of time scale which unified all Māori myth, tradition, and history, from the distant past to the present. It linked living people to the gods and the legendary heroes. By quoting appropriate genealogical lines, a narrator emphasised his or her connection with the characters whose deeds were being described, and that connection also proved that the narrator had the right to speak of them. "In the cosmogonic genealogies, to be described later, genealogical recital is revealed as a true literary form. What appears at first sight to be a mere listing of names is in fact a cryptic account of the evolution of the universe"' (Biggs 1966:447).
Poetry.
Māori poetry was always sung or chanted; musical rhythms rather than linguistic devices served to distinguish it from prose. Rhyme or assonance were not devices used by the Māori; only when a given text is sung or chanted will the metre become apparent. The lines are indicated by features of the music. The language of poetry tends to differ stylistically from prose. Typical features of poetic diction are the use of synonyms or contrastive opposites, and the repetition of key words. "Archaic words are common, including many which have lost any specific meaning and acquired a religious mystique. Abbreviated, sometimes cryptic utterances and the use of certain grammatical constructions not found in prose are also common" (Biggs 1966:447-448).
Prose narrative.
Prose narrative forms the great bulk of Māori legendary material. Some appears to have been sacred or esoteric, but many of the legends were well-known stories told as entertainment in the long nights of winter. "Nevertheless, they should not be regarded simply as fairy tales to be enjoyed only as stories. The Māui myth, for example, was important not only as entertainment but also because it embodied the beliefs of the people concerning such things as the origin of fire, of death, and of the land in which they lived. The ritual chants concerning firemaking, fishing, death, and so on made reference to Māui and derived their power from such reference" (Biggs 1966:448).
Myths.
The Māori understanding of the development of the universe was expressed in genealogical form. These genealogies appear in many versions, in which several symbolic themes constantly recur. "Evolution may be likened to a series of periods of darkness (pō) or voids (kore), each numbered in sequence or qualified by some descriptive term. In some cases the periods of darkness are succeeded by periods of light (ao). In other versions the evolution of the universe is likened to a tree, with its base, tap roots, branching roots, and root hairs. Another theme likens evolution to the development of a child in the womb, as in the sequence “the seeking, the searching, the conception, the growth, the feeling, the thought, the mind, the desire, the knowledge, the form, the quickening”. Some, or all, of these themes may appear in the same genealogy" (Biggs 1966:448).
The cosmogonic genealogies are usually brought to a close by the two names Rangi and Papa (father sky and mother earth). The marriage of this celestial pair produced the gods and, in due course, all the living things of the earth (Biggs 1966:448).
The earliest full account of the origins of gods and the first human beings is contained in a manuscript entitled "Nga Tama a Rangi" (The Sons of Heaven), written in 1849 by Wī Maihi Te Rangikāheke, of the Ngāti Rangiwewehi tribe of Rotorua. The manuscript "gives a clear and systematic account of Māori religious beliefs and beliefs about the origin of many natural phenomena, the creation of woman, the origin of death, and the fishing up of lands. No other version of this myth is presented in such a connected and systematic way, but all early accounts, from whatever area or tribe, confirm the general validity of the Rangikāheke version. It begins as follows: 'My friends, listen to me. The Māori people stem from only one source, namely the Great-heaven-which-stands-above, and the Earth-which-lies-below. According to Europeans, God made heaven and earth and all things. According to the Māori, Heaven (Rangi) and Earth (Papa) are themselves the source' " (Biggs 1966:448).
Corpus of Māori myths.
According to Biggs (1966:448), the main corpus of Māori mythology unfolds in three story complexes or cycles, which are:
Traditions.
"Every Māori social group had its own body of traditional belief which validated its claims to the territory it occupied, gave authority to those of high rank, and justified the group's external relationships with other groups. These purposes were served because the members of the groups concerned believed that the traditions were true records of past events, and they acted accordingly. Alliances between groups were facilitated if it was believed that they shared a common heritage, and the commoner's respect for and fear of his chief were based, in part at least, on his belief in the semi-divine ancestry of those of high rank" (Biggs 1966:450).
"Traditions, as opposed to myths, tell of incidents which are for the most part humanly possible. Genealogical links with the present place them within the past millennium. They are geographically located in New Zealand and knowledge of them is confined to this country" (Biggs 1966:448).
Corpus of Māori tradition.
According to Biggs (1966:451), tradition may be divided into three types:
Discovery or origin traditions.
There were two major discovery or origin traditions. One of these traditions names Kupe as the discoverer of New Zealand. The second group of traditions regards Toi as the first important origin ancestor. "Both traditions were current over wide but apparently complementary areas of the North Island. Attempts to place the two in a single chronological sequence are misguided, since there is no reliable evidence that they ever formed part of the same body of traditional lore" (Biggs 1966:451).
Local traditions.
Each tribal group, whether tribe or subtribe, maintained its discrete traditional record, which generally concerned "great battles and great men"; these stories were linked together by genealogy, which in Māori tradition is an elaborate art. "In some cases the story is continuous and internally consistent from the migration down to the present. In other cases it is fragmentary and discontinuous earlier than about 1600" (Biggs 1966:453).

</doc>
<doc id="5849750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849750" title="How Obelix Fell into the Magic Potion When he was a Little Boy">
How Obelix Fell into the Magic Potion When he was a Little Boy

How Obelix Fell into the Magic Potion When he was a Little Boy is an Asterix story written by René Goscinny and originally published in the French magazine" Pilote "issue 291 (1965), with only a few drawings. In 1989 it was fully illustrated by Albert Uderzo and published in an album as a text story with illustrations.
Plot summary.
The story is narrated by Asterix: he tells of his early childhood (when he was about six years old) when Obelix was shy, overweight and bullied. 
After the other kids picked on Obelix one too many times, Asterix decided to help him by getting him to drink some of Getafix' magic potion when the village men went out to beat up Romans, but Obelix slipped and fell in — being rescued by Getafix when the battle was over.

</doc>
<doc id="5849761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849761" title="Kiyohara Tama">
Kiyohara Tama

Biography.
Kiyohara Tamayo was the second daughter of Kiyohara Einosuke, manager of the famous Zōjō-ji temple in Shiba-Shinbori, Minato, Tokyo, Japan. She started studying seriously painting with a Japanese master even before entering elementary school. Her life suddenly changed when Sicilian sculptor Vincenzo Ragusa, for whom she had modeled when she was just 17, after spending six years in Japan as a sculpture professor decided to go home in 1882 bringing with him Kiyohara Einosuke, his wife and 21-year-old Tamayo.
In Palermo, Ragusa opened the Scuola Superiore d'Arte Applicata, employing Kiyohara and his wife as instructors to introduce Japanese lacquer techniques to Italy, but difficulties in obtaining the necessary raw materials caused the school's closure, and Kiyohara and his wife returned to Japan after six years in Palermo. They left behind their daughter Tamayo, who married Ragusa in 1889, and adopted the Italian name of Eleonora Ragusa.
She continued to be active in the arts and was nominated vice-principal of an art school Vincenzo opened in Palermo. The school, called “Museo Artistico Industriale, Scuole Officine”, was opened in 1884 with public funds in Palazzo Belvedere (Casa Benzo). He headed the male section, she the female section. The school still exists under the name of Istituto d'Arte di Palermo.
In Italy, she was admired for her works in watercolor, including still-lives with flowers, but also figures and landscapes. She won many prizes in the exhibitions in the Casino of Fine Arts of Palermo. She also excelled in embroidery, winning a gold medal for her work at an exhibition in Rome.
After her husband's death in 1927, two Japanese newspapers, the Osaka Mainichi Shinbun and the Tokyo Nichinichi Shinbun, found out about her story and published a serialized novel about it, bringing Tamayo to fame in her homeland. By then she could barely speak Japanese anymore, but she decided to go back. After her return, she opened an atelier in Shiba Shinbori, where she died some years later. She is buried at her family temple, Chōgen-ji. Kiyohara was herself a painter of great skill, but most of the works she left in Japan were destroyed during WWII, while those left in Italy are still exhibited in various private collections.
According to her wishes, half of her ashes are in Japan, half lie in Palermo next to her husband's grave.

</doc>
<doc id="5849779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849779" title="Key of Solomon (disambiguation)">
Key of Solomon (disambiguation)

Key of Solomon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5849787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849787" title="Marika Ninou">
Marika Ninou

Marika Ninou () (1918 – 23 February 1957), was an Armenian-Greek rebetiko singer, born Evangelia Atamian ().
Biography.
When she was seven years old, Ninou started going to the Armenian school "Zavarian". There she learned the mandolin and joined the school orchestra. Meanwhile, because of her voice qualities, she chanted at the Armenian Church of St. Hagop in Kokkinia.
In 1939, she married her first husband, and in 1940 gave birth to their son Ovanes. In 1947, Soviet ships came to Greece to take the Armenians who would want to leave and go to Armenia. Half the Armenian population of Thessaloniki and Athens left. Among them was Ninou's husband who left his wife and son behind. 
She met the acrobat Nikos Nikolaides "Nino" in 1944 and married him. They began to perform together as ""The Duo Nino"". When her son joined the act they became ""the Two-and-a-half Nino"".
In a performance of the "Ninos", the artist "Petros Kyriakos" heard her singing and recommended her to Manolis Chiotis. Chiotis recorded two songs with her in 1948.
In October, 1948, Stelakis Perpiniadis (Greek: Στελλάκης Περπινιάδης) brought her under his wing as a singer at the "Florida" club.
By 1949, Ninou had begun working with Vassilis Tsitsanis at Fat Jimmy's, a place that would come to play a decisive role in both their lives, with the Tsitsanis-Ninou pairing coming to possess a very special place in the history of the music of Greece.
In October, 1951, Ninou performed with Tsitsanis in Istanbul, but after this trip, they decided to go their separate ways.
Before heading off to the USA in 1954, she underwent a cancer operation in Athens. Nonetheless, her cancer spread rapidly in the USA and she returned to Greece where she worked under great pain for a short while before succumbing to her illness at 39 years of age.
Legacy.
Ninou possessed a high-pitched voice of substantial body and volume and impeccable tonality, and sang with emotional intensity. She recorded a total of 174 songs, of which 119 as lead singer.
The movie "Rembetiko" by Costas Ferris is based on her life.

</doc>
<doc id="5849798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849798" title="Origins (cosmetics)">
Origins (cosmetics)

Origins (Origins Natural Resources) is a cosmetics brand from USA, founded in 1990 by Leonard Lauder, son of Estée Lauder. It is one of the original brands of The Estée Lauder Companies. 
The company is known for their natural skin care products. Notable lines include the "A Perfect World" line of products. Origins is also notable for its ongoing collaboration with Dr. Andrew Weil in his own line of products that target inflammation and sensitive skin. 
In November 2007, Origins launched the first organic line of skin care products to carry a 95% organic USDA certification seal. 
In February 2011, Origins launched "Plantscription", an anti-aging serum which claims to rival the leading anti-wrinkle prescription retinoid creams with 0% irritation. 

</doc>
<doc id="5849800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849800" title="Shatman">
Shatman

Shatman (, also Romanized as Shātmān) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="5849821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849821" title="Star track">
Star track

Star Track can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5849825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849825" title="Dither fish">
Dither fish

The term dither fish refers to an arbitrary group of aquarium fish used by cichlid keeping aquarists to reduce innate timidity in some species of cichlids. Dither fish typically swim around the top of a tank and this behavior encourages more timid fish to relax and venture out more by reassuring them no predators are around. The technique relies on the ability of cichlids in an aquarium to use the behaviour of other fish species as a measure of environmental security. Good dither fish are typically schooling species, such as some "Danio" species, barbs and some tetra species.

</doc>
<doc id="5849837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849837" title="Berkeley Branch Railroad">
Berkeley Branch Railroad

The Berkeley Branch Railroad was a long branch line of the Central Pacific Railroad (CPRR) from a junction in what later became Emeryville called "Shellmound" to what soon became downtown Berkeley, adjacent to the new University of California campus. The line opened on August 16, 1876. The initial terminal point was at Shattuck and University Avenues in Berkeley. In 1878, the line was extended north along Shattuck to Vine ("Berryman's Station") with the original terminus then becoming Berkeley Station. The line connected at Shellmound with trains headed to the Oakland Pier and ferries to San Francisco. Beginning on January 22, 1882, Berkeley Branch trains proceeded directly to the pier. 
The line was constructed in no small part because of heavy lobbying by prominent local citizens like Francis K. Shattuck and people connected with the University of California.
The Berkeley Branch Railroad was used under lease by the Central Pacific until 1885 when it was leased by the CPRR's affiliate, the Southern Pacific Railroad (SP). In 1888, the SP consolidated the Berkeley Branch Railroad into its subsidiary, the Northern Railway. Although the corporate Berkeley Branch ceased to exist at that time, its trackage continued to be called the "Berkeley branch line". In 1911, the line was electrified for commuter service, becoming a part of the SP's East Bay Electric Lines. When SP ceased running its electric commuter trains in July 1941, the trackage up to Ward Street and Shattuck Avenue remained in use for freight and was referred to as the "Berkeley Lead". Until the early 1960s, the SP Ward Street Freight Depot was the Berkeley terminal point. Beyond Ward, the tracks were turned over to the Key System for its F-line commuter trains which ran until April 1958. The Key System had previously used its own tracks, shared with streetcars (until 1948), along the east side of Shattuck. The Berkeley Branch tracks had always run along the west side of Shattuck south of University Avenue.
The Berkeley Branch route began at Shellmound where it was connected to the main line of the CPRR and its successor, the SP. A switching tower existed there, the Shellmound Tower. The tracks then curved onto Stanford Avenue, then Adeline, then Shattuck into downtown Berkeley. 
Operations of locomotives on the Berkeley Branch prior to the re-engineering of tracks which accompanied electrification required running "tender-first" in one direction as the Berkeley Branch was a single-track line having no way to turn the engines at the end of the line.

</doc>
<doc id="5849839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849839" title="Operation Dewey Canyon">
Operation Dewey Canyon

Operation Dewey Canyon was the last major offensive by the United States Marine Corps during the Vietnam War. It took place from January 22 through March 18, 1969 and involved a sweep of the North Vietnamese Army (NVA)-dominated A Shau Valley by the 9th Marine Regiment reinforced by elements of the 3rd Marine Regiment.
The 56 days of combat were a tactical success but did not stop the overall flow of North Vietnamese men and matériel into South Vietnam. The 9th Marine Regiment and attached units were awarded the Army Presidential Unit Citation for their actions in Operation Dewey Canyon.
Background.
Prior to the launching of the operation, U.S. Marine infantry units in the northern I Corps region had been tied to their combat bases along the South Vietnam border as part of the McNamara Line. This "line" was a combination of infantry units and ground sensors devised to stop North Vietnamese infiltration into South Vietnam along the Ho Chi Minh Trail. When Lt. Gen. Raymond G. Davis took command of the 3rd Marine Division, he ordered Marine units to move out of their combat bases and engage the enemy. He had noted that the manning of the bases and the defensive posture they developed was contrary to the aggressive style of fighting that Marines favor.
In early 1969, intelligence reports indicated there had been a large NVA build-up in the A Shau Valley. The A Shau was just 6 miles (10 km) east of the Laotian border and some 21 miles (34 km) long. Based on this intelligence, Col. Robert H. Barrow's 9th Marine Regiment was ordered to depart Vandegrift Combat Base some 25 miles (41 km) to the north and sweep west to deny use of the valley to the enemy.
Operation.
Operation Dewey Canyon was divided into three parts: 1) the movement and positioning of air assets, 2) the movement of the 9th Marines south out of their combat base, and 3) the sweep of the A Shau valley. As the 9th Marines moved towards the A Shau valley, they established numerous firebases along the way which would provide them their artillery support once they entered the valley and guard their main supply route. All of these bases needed to be resupplied by helicopter because of their distance from the main combat bases and because resupply via ground was very difficult during monsoon season.
The Marines encountered stiff resistance throughout the conduct of the operation, most of which was fought under triple canopy jungle and within range of NVA artillery based in Laos. Marine casualties included 130 killed in action and 932 wounded.
In return, the USMC reported 1,617 killed enemies, the discovery of 500 tons of arms and munitions, and denial of the valley as an NVA staging area for the duration of the operation. They claimed the operation as an overall success.
Raid into Laos.
The raids into Laos were the third and final phase of Operation Dewey Canyon. Although all three battalions were involved with the operation, only elements of the 2nd Battalion actually participated in the raid into Laos. This was because each battalion was given an area of operation south of Fire Support Bases Cunningham and Erskine with 2nd Battalion 9th Marines area of operations taking them all the way to the South Vietnamese-Laotian border.
The third phase commenced on February 11, 1969, and by February 20, Lieutenant Colonel Fox's 2nd Battalion had both Echo and Hotel Company on the Laotian border. From their position, Hotel Company could see enemy convoys traveling along Route 922. Hotel Commanding Officer David F. Winecoff later reported in "U.S. Marines In Vietnam: High Mobility and Standdown, 1969" (1988):
"The company, of course, was talking about let's get down on the road and do some ambushing. I don't think they really thought that they were going to let us go over into Laos ... I knew if the military had their way we'd be over there in Laos and the company was all up for it... With the Paris Peace Talks going on, I wasn't sure what route was going to be taken."
Major General Davis, 3rd Marine Division Commanding General, had sent requests up the chain of command to get permission to enter Laos. This led to Operation Prairie Fire, conducted by a Special Operations Group (SOG) to conduct reconnaissance into Laos. On February 20, Lieutenant General Richard G. Stilwell forwarded Davis' request to have a limited raid into Base Area 611 up to General Abrams for his approval. Things in the field were moving along much faster, and on the night of February 20, Captain Winecoff continued to observe heavy truck traffic and called in a fire mission.
On February 21, Captain Winecoff received a message from Colonel Barrow, 9th Marines Commanding Officer, to set up an ambush along route 922. The Captain's men needed rest, and he requested a postponement but was denied by Colonel Barrow. The Captain utilized his 1st and 2nd Platoons, and at 16:10, 1st Platoon moved out and made its way to 2nd Platoon's position. At 18:30, Winecoff briefed his men on the ambush. After dark they moved out towards route 922, about 900 meters away. By 01:00, Captain Winecoff and Hotel Company were in place and setting up the ambush. Within minutes of getting into position they started hearing trucks coming down the road and continued to observe as 40 minutes later, a lone truck and one NVA soldier also walked through the kill zone. Winecoff had not wanted the ambush sprung on one truck or soldier, realizing that eventually a bigger target would come down the road. At 02:30, the lights of eight trucks appeared, and as three trucks came into the kill zone the column of vehicles stopped. Not wanting to give away the ambush or their position Winecoff, set off the claymores and the ambush. The Marines poured small arms and automatic weapons fire on the three vehicles. As reported in "U.S. Marines in Vietnam: High Mobility and Standown, 1969", the forward observer alerted the artillery, and rounds bracketed the company position.
After minutes of fire, Captain Winecoff had his men moved forward, ensuring that everything was destroyed. The company proceeded to move out to the rally point 600 meters away and waited till daylight. Later, it rejoined with 3rd Platoon who had not been involved with the ambush because of the heavy patrols it had been involved with in the previous days. H Company was resupplied and the men rested. They had destroyed three trucks and killed eight NVA soldiers. Hotel did not suffer any casualties.
After Action Reports of the patrol were met with positive reviews, General Abrams formally approved the operation. The success of the operation was more valuable than just the destruction of the enemy, because it allowed Colonel Barrow to request that continued operations in Laos be approved. His reasoning for continued operations was the presence of the enemy in the area was a threat to his troops. Barrow noted, "I put a final comment on my message, which said, quote, "Put another way, my forces should not be here if ground interdiction of Route 922 not authorized." The message finally reached General Abrams via General Stilwell, who had adopted the Colonel's recommendation. General Abrams approved further action on February 24 but restricted discussions of the Laotian operation. The following days brought Hotel casualties not encountered in their previous incursion into Laos.
Hotel Company was ordered to go down route 922 on February 24. Morale was low because the Marines were tired after several days of patrolling. Additionally, they did not want to leave the resupplies that included 60 mm mortar ammunition, C-rations, and beer which they consumed, as quoted by Captain Winecoff in "U.S. Marines in Vietnam: High Mobility and Standown, 1969". Hotel Company was to move into Laos followed by E and F Companies and drive eastward on the road, forcing the enemy into the hands of the 1st and 3d Battalions. After a six hour night march, Hotel set up a hasty ambush; at 11:00 on February 24, six NVA soldiers walked into their kill zone, of which four were killed. On February 25, Hotel Company continued to move eastward again engaging NVA, resulting in the capture of one 122 mm field gun, two 40mm antiaircraft guns and the killing of eight NVA soldiers. Hotel Company suffered nine casualties during this fire firght, two dead and seven wounded. Later that day a company patrol was ambushed by an estimated 15 NVA troops who were dug in fortified bunkers and fighting holes. The patrol was reinforced and was able to fight its way through, capturing a second 122 mm gun and killing two. Casualties were mounting for Hotel Company: three killed and five wounded. Corporal William D. Morgan was one of the men killed in action when he made a daring dash and directed fire away from Private First Class Robinson Santiago and Private Robert Ballou. Robert Ballou was wounded multiple times that day and Robinson Santiago was killed-in-action. Corporal William D. Morgan was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor by President Richard M. Nixon for this action.
Hotel Company, flanked by Echo and Foxtrot Companies, continued their drive east, which was rapid and did not allow for the companies to conduct thorough searches. Advancing much slower would have garnered much more equipment. However, 2nd battalion did capture 20 tons of foodstuffs and ammunition, while killing 48 NVA soldiers. The three companies were within 1,000 meters of the South Vietnamese border by March 1 and were flown by helicopter to Vandergrift Combat Base on March 3, officially ending operations in Laos. 2nd battalion sustained eight killed and 33 wounded during the operation. For the record, all of the dead were listed as being killed in Quảng Trị Province, South Vietnam and for obvious political reasons no references were made about being in Laos.

</doc>
<doc id="5849841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849841" title="Darnell Edwards">
Darnell Edwards

Darnell Edwards (born November 11, 1979 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a former Canadian football free safety who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. 
Edwards was drafted out of college by Saskatchewan (29th overall) in 2002. Throughout most of his career, he shared the starting job with Jason Mallett and Scott Gordon, both Canadians. Mallett was released after 2003, and Gordon was traded before the start of the 2006 CFL season. He attended college at the University of Manitoba.

</doc>
<doc id="5849860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849860" title="Lest We Remember">
Lest We Remember

Lest We Remember is a science fiction short story written by Isaac Asimov. It first appeared in the February 1982 issue of "Asimov's Science Fiction" and was reprinted in the collections "The Winds of Change and Other Stories" (1983) and "Robot Dreams" (1986).
Plot summary.
John Heath is a "dead average" man working for Quantum Pharmaceuticals. Unhappy with his average position in the company and in life, he searches for a way to improve himself and at the same time impress his fiancée, Susan Collins. When researchers from Quantum give him the opportunity, he volunteers to be a test subject for a new drug that allows total memory recall. When the drug succeeds and John is able to remember everything and anything that he has ever read or heard down to the exact word, he goes on a rampage to climb the corporate ladder in his company, blackmailing his superiors into conceding to his demands. When his bosses and the researchers who gave him the drug trick him and lock him in one of the rooms in the office building, they try to inject him with the antidote for the recall drug. Susan, however, comes to his rescue, and although they never succeed in giving him the antidote (after he suffers a traumatic shock, the bosses believe he has lost the power), John promises to Susan never to use his new power for malevolence, while the possibility remains open that maybe one day everyone could possess that ability.

</doc>
<doc id="5849873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849873" title="The Iron Corporal">
The Iron Corporal

The Iron Corporal is a fictional character appearing in comic books. He was first as a recurring character in Charlton Comics' war comics line, and briefly in his own comic book titled The Iron Corporal. His first appearance was in "Army War Heroes" #22 in 1967.
The stories, mostly written by Willi Franz and drawn by Sam Glanzman (one story was written by Charles Nicholas and drawn by Vince Alascia), revolved around Ian Heath, an American corporal fighting with the Australian army in the Southwest Pacific during the Second World War. The Iron Corporal's back story includes having his ribs replaced with an iron rib cage. The stories are only loosely connected and depict the struggles of infantrymen in war.

</doc>
<doc id="5849906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849906" title="1979 NBL season">
1979 NBL season

Here are results and statistics from the National Basketball League's inaugural season of 1979.
End of Season Ladder.
This is the ladder at the end of season, before the finals. In all, 90 games were played, 18 for each team. The top two teams then played a sudden death grand final.
There was only one final played in this season and it was contested by the Top 2 teams.
Grand Final.
St. Kilda Saints 94 to Canberra Cannons 93
The Saints won on a reverse layup just before the buzzer by Peter Vitols.

</doc>
<doc id="5849911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849911" title="Sebastian the Ibis">
Sebastian the Ibis

Sebastian the Ibis is the official mascot for the University of Miami. He is an anthropomorphized American White Ibis with a Miami Hurricanes football jersey, number 0.
History.
The ibis was chosen as Miami's unofficial mascot by Nathan Duncan in 1926 when the school's yearbook chose its name to be "The Ibis."
The first official mascot for the Miami Hurricanes was a 65-pound brown and white bulldog named Hurricane I. Chosen in 1950, the canine wore a ceremonial orange and green blanket with his name lettered in white.
Sebastian was created in August 1957 by Norman A. Whitten, Director of the Student Union at UM, and was used as a homecoming competition entry. The next year, student John Stormont performed at Hurricanes football games dressed up in a makeshift ibis costume. The current costume dates from 1984.
The mascot was named after the San Sebastian building, which became a University dormitory in 1939. The building, now an apartment building, still stands at the intersection of LeJeune Road and University Drive in Coral Gables. 
During the first national championship season for the Miami Hurricanes football team, including their 31-30 victory over #1 Nebraska in the Orange Bowl, the Ibis was portrayed by Bill Mooney, a senior at the university, from Orangeburg, NY. 
From 1984 through 1992, Sebastian was portrayed by John Routh, who also portrayed The Miami Maniac at baseball games, and later Billy the Marlin for the Florida Marlins. Routh created what is now Sebastian's signature: the C-A-N-E-S cheer, where Sebastian forms the letters with his body.
Sebastian was tackled by a group of policemen in 1989 for attempting to put out the Seminole's Chief Osceola's flaming spear. At the time he was wearing a fireman’s helmet and yellow raincoat and holding a fire extinguisher. When a police officer tried to grab the fire extinguisher he was sprayed in the chest. Sebastian was handcuffed by the other four officers but released when they realised how ridiculous it looked for them to be arresting a bird. 
Sebastian typically leads the University of Miami football team as it enters the field through the smoke.

</doc>
<doc id="5849912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849912" title="Andy Milder">
Andy Milder

Andy Milder (born August 16, 1969) is an American actor and voice actor. He has appeared in such films as "Apollo 13", "Armageddon", "Rumor Has It…", "Frost/Nixon", "Transformers" and "Domino". He was a series regular on "Fame L.A." and "Weeds", and appeared on such shows as ', ', "The West Wing", "Six Feet Under", "Ugly Betty", "Boston Legal", "Parks and Recreation", "Married... with Children", "The Wonder Years", "Private Practice" and "Criminal Minds". Milder provided narration for "Ballroom Bootcamp", "101 Most Starlicious Make-Overs", and "Wrecks to Riches". He provided the voice of Lightning Lad in the 2006 animated series "Legion of Super Heroes". From 2005 to 2009, he was a recurring cast member and later series regular on "Weeds" as Dean Hodes. Starting 2011 he is a recurring cast member on the Disney Channel sitcom "Austin & Ally" as Lester Dawson. He also had an appearance on the show "Royal Pains" on the USA Network.
Personal life.
Milder was born in Omaha, Nebraska. He moved to Santa Monica, California at a young age and then went to the University of California, Berkeley, majoring in Economics before studying at the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco. Milder lives in Manhattan Beach, California with his wife, Dr. Betty Lee.

</doc>
<doc id="5849921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849921" title="Dogface">
Dogface

Dogface may refer to:
Dogface may also refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5849931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849931" title="Corbett, Oregon">
Corbett, Oregon

Corbett is an unincorporated community on the Columbia River in eastern Multnomah County, Oregon, United States. It is located on the Historic Columbia River Highway (aka Crown Point Highway) between the Sandy River and Crown Point.
Corbett was named for prominent pioneer Senator Henry W. Corbett. Senator Corbett purchased a farm in the area in 1885. After several name changes, the post office in the area was named "Corbett" in 1895. Corbett's ZIP Code is 97019.
Corbett School District runs the Corbett School and the Corbett Charter School.

</doc>
<doc id="5849932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849932" title="Weisgerber">
Weisgerber

Weisgerber is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5849937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849937" title="John Clark (Georgia governor)">
John Clark (Georgia governor)

John Clark (sometimes spelled Clarke) (February 28, 1766October 12, 1832) was an American politician.
Career.
Clark served in the Georgia House of Representatives prior to being elected to consecutive two-year terms as the 31st Governor from 1820 to 1824.
Clark also served in the Georgia Militia during the American Revolution and achieved the rank of Major General in 1796. While governor of Georgia he was involved in the U.S. Supreme Court case known as Ex parte Madrazzo.
Personal life.
Son of Revolutionary War hero Elijah Clarke, John Clark was born in Edgecombe County, North Carolina and moved to Wilkes County, Georgia in the early 1770s. He died of yellow fever in St. Andrews Bay (Florida) in what was then Washington County (currently Bay County) and was buried in that same city; however, his grave was relocated to Marietta National Cemetery in Georgia in 1923 by the Daughters of the American Revolution.
Legacy.
Clarke County, Alabama is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="5849953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849953" title="Minnesota State Highway 38">
Minnesota State Highway 38

Minnesota State Highway 38 is a highway in north-central Minnesota, which runs from its intersection with U.S. Highway 2 in Grand Rapids and continues north to its northern terminus at its intersection with State Highway 1 in Effie.
The entire length of Highway 38 has been designated a National Scenic Byway under the name "Edge of the Wilderness". It is also sometimes called the "Northwoods Highway".
Route description.
State Highway 38 serves as a north–south route between Grand Rapids and Effie in north-central Minnesota. The route is noted for being a twisty roadway.
The route passes through many lake resort areas, such as Wabana Lake, Trout Lake, and others.
Highway 38 passes through the Chippewa National Forest between Itasca County Road 19 and Bigfork.
Scenic State Park is located 7 miles east of the junction of Highway 38 and County Road 7 at Bigfork. The park entrance is located on County Road 7.
Highway 38 parallels State Highway 6 throughout its route.
History.
State Highway 38 was authorized in 1933.
The route was completely paved by 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="5849961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849961" title="Ian &quot;Rocky&quot; Butler">
Ian &quot;Rocky&quot; Butler

Ian "Rocky" Butler (born August 7, 1979 in Allentown, Pennsylvania) is a free agent quarterback who last played professionally in the Canadian Football League.
College career.
He attended college at Hofstra University, where he started two seasons at Quarterback. He finished second in 2001 for the Walter Payton Award, given to the top player in NCAA Division 1-AA football.
CFL career.
Rocky Butler was signed as a free agent by the Saskatchewan Roughriders on May 23, 2002. He was the fourth-string quarterback that year. But after a bizarre rash of injuries to all three of Saskatchewan's roster quarterbacks, Butler earned his first CFL start in the 2002 Labour Day Classic against the powerful Winnipeg Blue Bombers. Although he only completed 9 of 16 passes for 165 yards that day, he rushed for three touchdowns and helped the Riders score a convincing upset victory. He failed to duplicate that success in his next two CFL appearances (both in Week 1 of the 2004 CFL season when starter Nealon Greene broke his leg and the Riders had to play two games in five days), and he has been the Roughriders' third-string quarterback ever since. However, in 2006, Kerry Joseph, the Riders starting quarterback, had been injured and was unable to start a game against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, backup Marcus Crandell was injured early in the game, and Rocky Butler pulled off two more wins against the struggling Tiger-Cats 43-13 and 51-8 and threw for five touchdowns and ran for two more. On January 31, 2007 Rocky Butler was dealt in a multi-player trade to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. On June 27, 2007 Rocky Butler was cut from the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. On July 16, 2007, Butler signed a practice roster agreement with the Toronto Argonauts.
Butler was released by the Argonauts in April, 2008, after having signed Kerry Joseph in March.
Other Pro Experience.
During the 2006 off-season, he signed with the New York Dragons of the Arena Football League. He was cut during training camp and spent the rest of the AFL season on the team's practice roster.
Personal information.
During the CFL offseason, he is a substitute teacher in New York. He generally goes by the nickname Rocky and in Saskatchewan was played the Rocky theme (Survivor's "Eye of the Tiger") whenever he entered the game at Quarterback. Fans of the Saskatchewan Roughriders have been known to chant his name in reference to the 1976 film Rocky on the occasions he has pulled off upset victories.

</doc>
<doc id="5849969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849969" title="Ika-Roa">
Ika-Roa

In Māori mythology, Ikaroa is the long fish that gave birth to all the stars in the Milky Way or the Mother Goddess of all the stars – ornaments of the Sky God. Ika-Roa is also an alternative name for the Milky Way. 
Ika-roa was also called "Mangōroa" ("long shark") or "Mangōroa i ata" ("long shark in the early dawn").

</doc>
<doc id="5849971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849971" title="Biotherm">
Biotherm

Biotherm is a French luxury skin care company owned by L'Oréal under the Luxury Products division. Biotherm was acquired by L'Oréal in 1970. It is developed and manufactured in research laboratories in Monaco, under the direction of biologist Lucien Aubert and his team of researchers.
Biotherm originated from mineral water. In early 20th century, the French biologist Mme Jeanine MARISSAL discovered mineral thermal spring waters under Pyrenees mountain in the southern part of France which contained thermal plankton, supposedly a key to healthy skin and a potent skin rejuvenator. She applied for intellectual property rights on this discovery. In 1952, intellectual property rights was acquired and she used it in skin care products. Thus, "therm" in "Biotherm" comes from "thermal plankton", an ingredient found in all Biotherm products. "Bio" comes from the profession of the founder "biologist".

</doc>
<doc id="5849980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5849980" title="The Likes of Us">
The Likes of Us

The Likes of Us is a musical with lyrics by Tim Rice and music by Andrew Lloyd Webber. The original book was by Leslie Thomas. It is based on the true story of Thomas John Barnardo, a philanthropist who founded homes for destitute children. During his lifetime, nearly 60,000 children were rescued and provided with training that prepared them to be self-sufficient.
Background.
Although the musical, the first for both Rice and Lloyd Webber, was composed in 1965, it failed to find backing and was not performed until it was staged at Lloyd Webber's Sydmonton Festival on 9 July 2005. Amateur rights have been released. The musical has been performed by amateur groups in the UK in 2009.The first amateur theatre company to perform 'The Likes of Us' was Cornish-based youth theatre company 'Kidz R Us' in early 2009.
Synopsis.
At the Edinburgh Castle Gin Palace, a drinking establishment in the East End of London, a local girl, who is on very familiar terms with the male clientele, sings of her exploits ("Twice in Love"). The intellectual and driven Barnardo finds himself out of place with the Cockneys of the Edinburgh Castle, and a row among them ensues ("A Very Busy Man"). As a result, Barnardo is thrown out of the tavern, as is Syrie Elmslie, who was attempting to collect money for charity. Outside the tavern, Johnny Farthingay, the son of the landlady, assures his girlfriend Jenny that although he can't buy her expensive presents, their love will keep them together. Jenny is a bit more cynical ("Love Is Here"). 
Barnardo reflects on the course his life is taking ("A Strange and Lovely Song"). While wandering London's streets, he encounters two homeless children who take him to the rooftops where they live, and it is there Barnardo learns of their struggle to survive ("The Likes of Us"). Barnardo is troubled by the conditions in which the children live. He decides he is needed far more in his own country than in China and resolves to stay in London to help the poor children ("How Am I to Know"). Unfortunately, his efforts to help only serve to stir a sense of outrage in the local populace who feel he is meddling in their affairs ("We'll Get Him"). 
Undaunted, Barnardo seeks the aid of Lord Shaftesbury. He accepts that his chosen mission will isolate him spiritually from those around him ("A Man on His Own"). Lord Shaftesbury is hosting a party in his home, at which Barnardo's fellow pub evictee Syrie also is a guest. Everyone joins in to sing the praises of England ("Lion-Hearted Land"). Lord Shaftesbury is won over by Barnardo and visits the children with him. Syrie also joins Barnardo's cause, and he is able to set up his first children's home, where he and Syrie care for the children ("You Can Never Make It Alone").
The tide turns, and Barnardo becomes overwrought with financial worries when he is sued for fraud. To make matters worse, a boy he was unable to help dies. Barnardo is in a state of despair, not knowing what will become of him ("Where Am I Going"), and the East End denizens hold an anti-Barnardo demonstration ("Hold A March"). Johnny and Jenny argue about their differing views of Barnardo. Johnny abandons Jenny, and Syrie attempts to console her ("You Won't Care About Him Anymore").
Barnardo's fortunes take a dramatic turn for the better. When the Edinburgh Castle is placed up for auction, he decides to buy it, as his ownership will serve to silence his detractors, and the building can be converted to further his cause ("Going, Going, Gone!") Barnardo and Syrie marry ("Will This Last Forever?") Their union provides the spark for two of the children to pretend they too will be a couple ("Man of the World"). The wedding reception is held in Barnardo's new property, which has been converted into a tea and coffee establishment ("Have Another Cup of Tea"). Barnardo and Syrie put the children to bed.
Adaption.
A film adaption is yet to have its script written, which stars Joseph Gilgun as Thomas John Barnardo. Starring among him are Robert Powell, Lesley Dunlop, Helen Flanagan, Michelle Keegan and Christopher Villiers. The film also stars Antony Cotton, Alison King, Rik Makarem, Michael Ball, Maxwell Caulfield and Craig Charles.
This is a list of principal musicians:
The orchestra performing with these musicians has not yet been named

</doc>
<doc id="5850021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850021" title="Operation Vigorous">
Operation Vigorous

Operation Vigorous was a Second World War Allied operation to deliver a supply convoy (MW-11) that sailed from Haifa and Port Said on 12 June 1942 to Malta. The convoy encountered heavy Axis air and sea opposition and returned to Alexandria on 16 June.
Background.
Until the French surrender and Italy's declaration of war, the Mediterranean had been an Allied "lake". The French Fleet and the Royal Navy's Mediterranean Fleet dominated the only potential and credible adversary, Italy's "Regia Marina".
The French surrender and its consequences changed that. The French Fleet became a potentially potent threat in Axis hands and so was, in part, destroyed, adding to French antipathy toward the British. French bases in North Africa ceased to offer protection to Allied, i.e., British, shipping. The "Regia Marina" possessed potent modern warships, particularly battleships and heavy cruisers, and Italian and Libyan territory provided centrally located bases that could cut British supply routes. The fall of Greece in 1941 extended the reach of Axis aircraft and submarines, which were consequently able to intercept Allied shipping from Alexandria and Suez.
German and Italian armies from Libyan territory also threatened Egypt and the strategically important Suez Canal by land. A catastrophe in Egypt might in turn lead to destabilisation of Britain's control of Middle Eastern oil supplies, or even worse, to the Axis gaining control of them. This scenario depended upon Axis forces in North Africa receiving adequate supplies from Italy.
Malta threatened this Axis supply route, but itself needed regular resupply and reinforcement, in order to be both an effective threat and to resist Axis invasion.
By mid-June 1942, Malta's supply situation had deteriorated. The German "Luftwaffe" had joined the Italian "Regia Aeronautica" to isolate and starve the island and it had become untenable as an offensive base. Axis armies had advanced into Egypt and Crete thereby acquiring their own advance bases and denying the British safety over much of the eastern Mediterranean.
Fresh aircraft were regularly flown into Malta, but food and fuel were diminishing. In response, the British invested large amounts of effort to ensure resupply. Two convoys, codenamed "Harpoon" and "Vigorous", were gathered, sailing simultaneously to split the Axis opposition.
Convoy assembles.
The British Mediterranean Fleet was reinforced, with forces available from the Indian Ocean, for the passage of two simultaneous Malta convoys, one from Gibraltar (Operation "Harpoon"), the other from Egypt (Operation Vigorous). Ships were sent from Kilindini, Kenya, to Haifa to cover the eastern convoy, including the four Australian N-Class destroyers; , , and . These formed the 7th Destroyer Flotilla.
The Operation "Vigorous" force of 11 ships and their escorts sailed from Haifa and Port Said on 12 June, and were met the next day off Tobruk by Rear-Admiral Philip Vian's Force A, with seven light cruisers and 17 destroyers.
The total escorting force now comprised eight cruisers and 26 destroyers supported by corvettes and minesweepers, and the battleship , which—having been disarmed between the wars—had been refitted with anti-aircraft guns. Two British battleships had been sunk in Alexandria harbour in December 1941 ( and ) by Italian frogmen, so no battleship was available to provide cover: "Centurion" simulated a commissioned battleship. Nine submarines were deployed as a screen at Taranto (four more operated west of Malta).
Apart from the operation, the British destroyer escort was sunk north of Sollum after being hit by two torpedoes launched by the German submarine at 05:37 on 12 June. Two officers and 108 ratings died, there were 60 survivors. She was returning from a Tobruk supply trip, and her loss should not be connected with the "Vigorous" operation.
"Bomb Alley".
The convoy sailed through 'Bomb Alley' between German occupied Crete and north Africa and came under intensive bomb, torpedo and surface attacks almost as soon as the convoy had left Alexandria. Early attacks were concentrated on the cruisers and the 11 ships of the convoy but later the destroyers became the principal targets.
A merchant ship was damaged by air attacks on the 12th and had to divert to Tobruk. Another merchant ship sent to Tobruk due to engine trouble was sunk by further aircraft attacks.
Italian Fleet at sea.
By 14 June, two ships had been lost to air attack and two more damaged. That evening, Vian learnt that a strong Italian naval force (under Admiral Giuseppe Fioravanzo) with two battleships, two heavy and two light cruisers plus destroyers had sailed from Taranto to intercept the convoy. The Italian fleet went into combat equipped with a search radar for the first time in the war; a German "De.Te" system which was mounted on board the destroyer "Legionario". The chances of driving them off were slim.
Early on 15 June, the first of five (1-5) course reversals were made as "Vigorous" tried to break through to Malta. As the convoy now headed eastward (1), German E-boats from Derna, Libya launched torpedo strikes. The cruiser was damaged by "S-56" and the destroyer was sunk by "S-55". Around 07:00, when the Italian fleet was to the northwest, the convoy resumed its course for Malta (2).
Royal Air Force aircraft based on Malta attacked the Italian fleet and disabled the heavy cruiser on the morning of 15 June 1942. She was hit by a torpedo from a Bristol Beaufort at 05:15. "Trento" was immobilized and left behind, assisted by the destroyer "Antonio Pigafetta", while the rest of the fleet continued to pursue the "Vigorous" convoy. The British submarine found the damaged ship at 09:10 and torpedoed her, hitting the magazine. The ship sank quickly and over half the crew died. Italian support ships attacked the submarine with depth charges without results.
Between 09:40 and noon on 15 June, two more course reversals (3 and 4) were made so that once again the convoy was bound for Malta. All afternoon, there were air attacks and, south of Crete, the cruiser was damaged and the escorting destroyer was sunk by Junkers Ju 87 "Stuka" dive bombers. During the afternoon, no fewer than 12 aircraft had targeted HMS "Airedale", and left her a smouldering wreck. The aft end was completely gone: it's believed that the ship's own ammunition or depth charge store had exploded. She was scuttled the following day by and "Hurworth".
On the afternoon of 15 June, a signal was received intimating that the Operation "Harpoon" convoy had succeeded in reaching Malta from the west. The convoy was down to six ships when, at about 18:00 on 15 June, when the convoy was south west of Crete, HMAS "Nestor" was straddled by a stick of heavy bombs which caused serious damage to her boiler rooms. She was taken in tow by , but at about 05:30 the next morning (16 June)—with the destroyer then sinking by the nose—it was decided to scuttle. The crew was transferred to HMS "Javelin" and she was sunk at about 07:00 by depth charges.
Operation abandoned.
On the evening of 15 June, in view of the strength of enemy air attacks from the extended network of Axis airfields in North Africa, the presence of a large portion of the Italian fleet, lack of fuel caused by diversionary tactics and seriously depleted ammunition stocks, it was finally decided to abandon the operation and return to Alexandria (course reversal 5).
As the convoy withdrew to Alexandria, the light cruiser was torpedoed and sunk in the early hours of the 16th by —south of Crete—in "Bomb Alley".
At this time, as the Italian fleet returned to Taranto, an RAF Wellington from Malta torpedoed and slightly damaged the battleship that, however, reached port without reducing speed.
None of the "Vigorous" ships reached Malta. One cruiser, HMS "Hermione"; three destroyers, HMS "Airedale", "Hasty" and HMAS "Nestor" and two merchant ships had been lost in the attempt. Three cruisers, one destroyer and one corvette were damaged. British air and submarine attacks sank the Italian cruiser "Trento" and damaged "Littorio". Nevertheless, the Italian Fleet succeeded in blocking the Allied convoy even if there was no direct contact between the surface forces. Royal Navy gunners shot down 21 of the approximately 220 attacking aircraft.
To try to keep the Italian Fleet away from the "Vigorous" and "Harpoon" convoys, two forces of submarines had been deployed, one to lay in wait off the Italian base at Taranto, and the other to operate between Sicily and Sardinia, ready for orders to attack any Italian forces. The submarines "Proteus", "Thorn", "Taku", "Thrasher", "Porpoise", "Una", "Uproar", "Ultimatum" and "Umbra" were detailed to patrol off Taranto, with "Safari", "Unbroken", "Unison" and "Unruffled" between Sicily and Sardinia. For various reasons, the submarines were generally unsuccessful in providing any cover for the convoys, with only the Italian cruiser "Trento" being sunk, and even that only after it had been crippled by an RAF air attack.
The two operations, "Vigorous" and "Harpoon", were important Italian naval victories, but unrepeatable due to the crippling oil shortages suffered by the Italian military machine.
The British Spitfire fighters based at Malta needed fuel to fly, just as Malta itself needed supplies. Operation "Vigorous" had failed. Only two of Operation "Harpoon"s six ships had reached Malta and Air Vice Marshal Keith Park, the air commander in Malta, told London he had only seven weeks’ fuel left. In August, therefore, almost all the available strength of the Royal Navy was put into the next major convoy operation of the war, Operation Pedestal.
Order of battle.
Allies.
Seven cruisers:
26 destroyers:
Four corvettes (Flower-class):
Two minesweepers ("Bangor"-class):
Four motor torpedo boats:
Two rescue ships:
One auxiliary ship (old battleship):
Nine submarines:
Axis warships.
Two battleships:
Two heavy cruisers:
Two light cruisers:
12 destroyers:

</doc>
<doc id="5850023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850023" title="Timothy Omundson">
Timothy Omundson

Timothy Michael Omundson (born July 29, 1969) is an American actor perhaps most notable for his supporting roles as Sean Potter on the CBS television series "Judging Amy", Eli on the syndicated series "", and as Carlton Lassiter in the USA Network series "Psych".
Life and career.
Omundson was born in St. Joseph, Missouri, to a railroad worker father and teacher mother. After his family moved to Bellevue, Washington, he started to study theater at the age of twelve at the Seattle Children's Theater, and interned at various theaters during his high school years. With acting as his primary focus, he studied during the summer of his junior year in New York City at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. For two years in a row, he was Washington State Debate Champion in Dramatic Interpretation.
At the age of 13, Omundson spent a month traveling in Germany and Austria with his father, a time he views as one of the most formative months of his life. After graduating from Interlake High School in 1987, Omundson went to the University of Southern California where he graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theater. He won USC's "Jack Nicholson Award" and "James and Nony Doolittle Award" for outstanding achievements in acting.
Omundson voices the character Aric Jorgan in the MMORPG Star Wars: The Old Republic. Aric Jorgan is the first companion for the Republic Trooper class. In 2014 Omundson had a guest role on The CW's "Supernatural" especially written for him, the role of the biblical Cain. 
Omundson lives in Los Angeles, California with his wife, Allison and their daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="5850052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850052" title="Leo Weisgerber">
Leo Weisgerber

Johann Leo Weisgerber (February 25, 1899, Metz – August 8, 1985, Bonn) was a Lorraine-born German linguist who also specialized in Celtic linguistics. He developed the "organicist" or "relativist" theory that different languages produce different experiences. He was son of a village-teacher who served as a young man in the German army in Flanders and could not return to his home city for that. During World War II his pan-Celticist ideology was co-opted to support the German war effort, as did pro-Polish and pro-Czech ideology on the side of the allies.
Scholarly career.
After studying in Bonn (1918–), Weisgerber taught as a professor of general and comparative linguistics at Rostock University (1927–), Marburg University (1938–) and Bonn University (1942–). He was an editor of the journal "Wörter und Sachen", which he used as a vehicle for his ideas. After the Second World War he taught mainly in Bonn. He wrote prolifically throughout his career. Among other activities he founded the modern German language journal "Wirkendes Wort" and was a co-founder of the Institut für Deutsche Sprache (Mannheim).
Theory of language.
Reacting to older linguists' emphasis on form (especially phonology and morphology), Weisgerber initiated what he called "inhaltbezogene Grammatik" ('content-related grammar'). Starting from the study of translation problems and of colour amnesia, he contributed notably to the theory that language determines and structures our apprehension of reality. This was initially influenced by the structuralist theories of Ferdinand de Saussure, but Weisgerber's theory soon took him far beyond the simple Saussurean linkage of (linguistic) form and (semantic) content. His other debts were to Wilhelm von Humboldt (notably the insight that language diversity implies a diversity of world-views) and Jost Trier (concurrently with whom he developed the structuralist idea of a word-field or lexical field).
Weisgerber argued that each language community has its own perception of the world, different from that of other groups:
In this respect, languages imply a "world view" that can produce sustained cultural differences.
Centrally, Weisgerber contended that each language community was engaged in a process of 'wording the world' ("Worten der Welt") by means of its mother tongue. Mediating between the forms (i.e. words and grammatical structures) of a language and the external world, there was a 'linguistic inter-world' ("sprachliche Zwischenwelt"), which operates directly, indirectly and in part autonomously, in ways peculiar to that language. In acquiring a specific mother tongue, a speaker will also unconsciously acquire and be influenced by its distinctive categorizations and structures. These effects permeate the entire community and shape its perceived world.
From 1925 through into the 1970s, Weisgerber repeatedly cited colour terms in support of his views. Categorisation of colour impressions under a small number of generally applicable ("abstract") terms like "blau" and "rot" was, for him, the outcome of long evolutionary development, and only a minority of languages had achieved this. Specifically, he found it remarkable that the German language had mastered ("bewältigt") the entire world of colour with only eight abstract colour words.
Weisgerber claimed in 1929 to have discovered a significant restructuring in the field of visual impressions. Simplistically, he reported a decline since ancient Germanic times in the verbal expression of colour, with objects nowadays perceived as colour-bearers, not colour-transmitters ("Farbträger, nicht Farbsender"). Empirical evidence for this has since proved to be contradictory. Better supported, but still in need of verification, was his converse hypothesis of a corresponding historical shift in the expression and perception of "Glanz" (a term comprising 'shininess', 'radiance' etc.). These non-chromatic light phenomena had earlier been freely rendered adjectivally, but were now mainly expressed in modern German 'Glanzverben' like "glänzen" and "schimmern".
Weisgerber's conception of linguistic relativity was more extreme than that of Benjamin Lee Whorf or Edward Sapir, with whom the theory is most often associated. Resonance in the Anglo-Saxon world was limited partly by Weisgerber's arcane terminology, but more by his French-German ethnic background in a "americanized scientific community", dominated by structuralist universalists like Noam Chomsky. In Germany he remained a significant figure in German linguistics well into the 1960s, when politically as well as linguistically his views fell into scientific discredit. His theory was then overtaken by new structuralist and universalist approaches from Britain and America, as well as elsewhere in Europe - "history" was out, "structure" was in. One of his pupils, Helmut Gipper, prominently developed his ideas in modified form, in a series of articles and as co-editor of the Duden "Grammatik" from the late 1950s onwards. Gipper was also influential as co-editor of an extensive bibliography on "Sprachinhaltsforschung", as linguistics broadly within the Weisgerber tradition has come to be known.
Weisgerber can be seen as an epigonic scholar of the German Idealistic and romantic traditions alike, that insisted on the compatibility of reason and history and did not play off the first contra the latter. That he did not resist narrowing it down to irrational and silly Germanicism/Celtism does not distinguish him from the academic climate of his times.
Pan-Celticism.
Before World War II, Weisgerber established links with Celtic nationalists in Ireland, Britain and Brittany, which were seen as a threat to national unity by the respecitve majority governments (the British Crown and the Centralist French Republic). The Breton nationalists joined Germany at the beginning of the war, at least some of them. After the Fall of France Weisgerber initiated the creation of the Breton Celtic Institute and directed the radio station "Radio Rennes Bretagne" (Radio Rennes of Brittany) which broadcast the first radio transmissions in the Breton language, something that most Bretons had been waiting for unsuccessfully for decades. These ventures were perceived by the French Resistance as German-sponsored propaganda organizations, which they in fact were. This "aumenting - assumed or real - ethnic fractions in enemy states" was a political tactic used by all war-faring states, Weisgerber thus being in a line with Lawrence of Arabia, the Germans supporting Irish independence or the British supporting Polish or Czech independence - it is not genuinely Nazi, nor does it hint at a character/scientific flaw in Weisgerber. The counter-tactic was employed by Americas ally Joseph Stalin, who deported hundreds of thousands of non-Russians, mostly by means of American military logistics. Roosevelt agreed after the war that all ethnic non-Russians that had fled or otherwise collaborated with the Germans be handed over to the Russians (especially Ucrainians and Polish), where most were either actively killed or starved to death in work-camps. After the defeat of the Nazis, Weisgerber assisted the members of the Breton Bezen Perrot SS militia, led by Célestin Lainé, providing them with false papers to allow them to escape to Ireland with the help of other Celticists, a practice that can be seen both critically politically and/or humane .

</doc>
<doc id="5850053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850053" title="Darian Durant">
Darian Durant

Darian Bernard Durant (born August 19, 1982 in Florence, South Carolina) is a professional Canadian football quarterback currently playing for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He played college football at the University of North Carolina. After his college career, he held school records for completion percentage, touchdowns, passing yards, total offense and completions. Durant was signed as a free agent by the Roughriders in 2006, and became the club's full-time starting quarterback in 2009. He was named a CFL West Division All-Star in 2009 and 2013. His brother Justin plays in the National Football League as a linebacker. Durant was the starting quarterback when the Saskatchewan Roughriders won the 101st Grey Cup in 2013 on their home field.
Early life.
Durant was born on August 19, 1982, in Florence, South Carolina to Betty and Israel Durant. He has three brothers and a sister. His younger brother, Justin, plays for the NFL's Dallas Cowboys, and his older brother, Keyshawn, was a quarterback at South Carolina State.
Amateur football.
High school.
Durant attended high school at Wilson High School in Florence, South Carolina. During his senior year of high school, he led the team to South Carolina's 4-A state semi-finals. Durant set a school record with 2,446 passing yards and tied his own record with 25 touchdown passes, which was set during his sophomore season. He was named a Super Prep All-America, Honorable Mention All-America by "USA Today" and Prep Star All-Region selection. He also played in the South Carolina All-Star game, where he completed 9 of his 11 passing attempts for 215 yards.
College.
Durant signed a letter of intent to play college football at the University of North Carolina in 2000. In 2001, during his first NCAA season, Durant established school freshman records with 17 touchdown passes, 142 completions, 1843 passing yards and 1971 yards of total offense. His freshman records for passing yards and completions were broken in 2007 by T.J. Yates. During his freshman season, Durant was named Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) Rookie of the Week five times. He finished second overall in ACC Rookie of the Year voting to Florida State quarterback Chris Rix. As a freshman, Durant split time with Ronald Curry, helping the team to a victory in the 2001 Peach Bowl. He was awarded the Jeffrey Cowell Memorial Award as the team's top freshman.
After his college career, Durant was one of the most accomplished athletes in the school's history. He held 51 offensive records at the school. During his sophomore season, Durant set the school's single game record for passing yards with 417 during a victory against Arizona State. In his junior year, he set single season records with 389 passing attempts, 234 completions and 2,551 passing yards. Durant had set UNC records with 1,159 passing attempts, 701 completions, 68 passing touchdowns, 8,755 passing yards and 9,630 yards of total offense. While playing football at the University of North Carolina, Durant completed a degree in African American studies.
Professional football.
Baltimore Ravens.
Durant was undrafted in the 2005 National Football League (NFL) Draft, but signed a free agent contract with the Baltimore Ravens and attended their training camp. Durant was briefly on the team's practice roster, but was cut during the 2005 season because of concerns about his size.
Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Durant was placed on the Ottawa Renegades negotiation list in 2003, by future Saskatchewan Roughriders general manager Eric Tillman. After the Renegades folded, his rights were obtained by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and later dealt to the Roughriders in a trade that included Corey Holmes. Durant signed with the team on May 11, 2006. During the 2006 season, he served as the team's backup quarterback for eight games, completing a single pass for 14 yards and recording a single rushing attempt for 20 yards in a game against Hamilton. Durant was on the team's practice roster for the remaining ten games.
During the 2007 season, Durant spent the entire season on the active roster, and was available for all of the Roughrider regular season and playoff games, but did not see any game action while serving as the team's third string quarterback. Durant was on the sidelines as starting quarterback Kerry Joseph led Roughriders to a victory over the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the Grey Cup.
Joseph was traded to the Toronto Argonauts prior to the 2008 season, leaving the club without an incumbent quarterback. During the season, the Roughriders tried four different starting quarterbacks including Durant, Steven Jyles, Michael Bishop and Marcus Crandell. Durant started four games for the Riders during the season, and played in four others. He had seven passing touchdowns, and one rushing touchdown during the season. Crandell was released during the season and Bishop was also released shortly after the Roughriders season was finished. In January 2009, Durant signed a new contract with the Roughriders rather than becoming a free agent.
Durant entered the 2009 season as the club's starting quarterback, but head coach Ken Miller gave backup Jyles significant playing time as well. Durant made the most of his opportunity, becoming the first Roughrider quarterback to start all 18 games since Kent Austin, who last played for the club in 1993. Durant's consistency on the field was one of the reasons he earned the Roughriders' starting quarterback position, along with his ability to run for yards when his pass protection breaks down. Durant was named the Roughriders nominee for CFL Most Outstanding Player, and was selected a West Division All-Star at quarterback. He was also named the Roughriders' Wireless Age Most Popular Player. Durant led the Roughriders to the Grey Cup, where they were defeated by the Montreal Alouettes on a last second field goal. He finished the 2009 season with 4,348 passing yards and 501 rushing yards. Durant threw 24 touchdown passes during the season and also had 21 interceptions, leading the CFL. Heading into the 2010 season, Durant wanted to cut down on his interceptions, although he tried to be optimistic, "I throw 21 picks last year and I guarantee every guy with better stats than me wishes they were in the Grey Cup."
In a Grey Cup rematch to kick off the 2010 CFL season, Durant and the Roughriders staged a second half comeback to defeat the Alouettes in overtime. Durant threw five touchdown passes and picked up 478 passing yards during the game. For his efforts, he was named the CFL's Offensive Player of the Week. At the halfway point of the season, Durant had thrown 11 touchdown passes and 14 interceptions, while rushing for another five touchdowns. The CFL named Durant Offensive Player of the Month for September after a month where he passed for 1387 yards and five touchdowns. After Game 17 versus the BC Lions, Durant became only the second Roughrider quarterback to throw for over 5000 yards in a season, with the first being former head coach Kent Austin. Durant was selected as the Roughriders' nominee for the CFL Most Outstanding Player Award. 
The 2011 campaign was a let down year not only for Durant but also for the Roughriders as a whole. The Riders stumbled out of the gate losing seven of their first eight games. Durant's production fell significantly through the course of the season. Near the end of the season Durant was playing with a broken bone in his foot, which ultimately lead to him missing the last two games of the regular season. The Riders would finish the year with only 5 wins and 13 loses, placing them in last place in the league. Despite the reduced production in 2011 on April 27, 2012 the Riders extended his contract through the 2014 CFL season. 
The 2013 season was arguably the best season of Durant's career. He set career highs in touchdowns, with 31, while limiting his interceptions to only 12. He began the year having attempted 212 consecutive pass attempts without being intercepted joining Dave Dickenson and later Ricky Ray as the only quarterback in CFL history to start 7 consecutive games without throwing an interception. He also set a career high for passer rating with 95.7 (excluding his 2006 season in which he only completed one pass). He led the Riders to an 11-7 record and home-field in the Western Semi-Finals against the BC Lions where several of his rushing plays won the game for the Riders. After beating Calgary in the Western Final, Durant led the Riders to their fourth Grey Cup championship on their home turf at Mosaic Stadium.
Personal life.
Durant has a tattoo on his left biceps reading "Against all odds – I'm gonna shine", which Durant believes explains his life. Durant's teammates and coaches describe him as a fierce competitor, who battles through injuries and illnesses. In conjunction with a local Ford dealer, and to commemorate the Roughriders' 100th anniversary, Durant lent his name to a limited edition Ford F-150 truck that was sold in Regina. The Durant limited edition featured a Durant license plate, his DD4 logo, Roughriders mud flaps and embossed head rests. There are only four of the trucks available, and $500 from the sale of each truck goes to support Durant's charity of choice, KidSport.

</doc>
<doc id="5850079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850079" title="Intrigue and Love">
Intrigue and Love

Intrigue and Love, sometimes "Love and Intrigue", "Love and Politics" or "Luise Miller" (, literally "Cabals and Love") is a five-act play, written by the German dramatist Friedrich Schiller (1759–1805). It was his third play and shows how cabals and their intrigue destroy the love between Ferdinand von Walter, a nobleman's son, and Luise Miller, daughter of a middle-class musician.
Plot.
Ferdinand is an army major and son of President von Walter, a high-ranking noble in a German duke's court, while Luise Miller is the daughter of a middle-class musician. The couple fall in love with each other, but both their fathers tell them to end their affair. The president instead wants to expand his own influence by marrying off his son Ferdinand to Lady Milford, the duke's mistress. However, Ferdinand rebels against his father's plan and tries to persuade Luise to elope with him. The president and his secretary Wurm (Ferdinand's rival) concoct an insidious plot, arresting Luise's parents for no reason. Luise declares, in a love letter to the Hofmarschall von Kalb, that only by death can she obtain her parents' release. Luise is also forced to swear an oath to God to state she wrote this letter (actually forced on her) of her own free will. This letter is leaked to Ferdinand and deliberately evokes jealousy and vengeful despair in him.
Luise tries to get release from her oath by suicide, dying before Ferdinand and restoring their love's innocence, but her father puts a stop to this by putting massive moral and religious pressure on the couple. This means she has only silence and the lie required by the oath to counter the charges against her. Luise is released from her secrecy by death, revealing the intrigue to Ferdinand and forgiving him, and Ferdinand reaches out his hand to his father at the moment of his death, which the President interprets as his son's forgiveness.
In a subplot, Lady Milford is shown in a position between the middle and upper classes, in love with Ferdinand. She is confronted with Luise's pure and simple love for Ferdinand. Despite Lady Milford's love for him, they are intent on marriage and withdrawing from the world of the court.
Themes.
In 1784 Schiller published his theoretical work "The Theatre considered as a Moral Institution", whose central idea was to present tragedy as a means of theodicy, with theatre's mission being to show the world God had created the restoration of divine justice onstage. This righteousness is visible in "Intrigue and Love", since ultimately, its final court of appeal is not secular justice but God himself. Schiller saw education as another function of theatre, to bring the audience to catharsis to complete their education and so make the theatre a "moral institution". He saw its most important function, however, as to mediate between freedom and necessity, showing an idealised version of the individual's struggle with and victory over social, moral and religious constraints onstage.
"Intrigue and Love" belongs to the era of Sturm und Drang and is categorised as a bourgeois tragedy, a genre attributable to Gotthold Ephraim Lessing - Lessing's own "Emilia Galotti" is a key influence on it. Tragedy had previously been limited to the nobility, through the Ständeklausel or "estates clause", but Lessing's genre also opened it to the world of the German middle classes. "Intrigue and Love" has as its dominant motif the conflict between the middle-classes and the nobility in middle-class pride and aristocratic snobbery, with universal humanity at its centre, charged with open political grievances. In it, individual interests, subjective feelings and the demand for freedom from a class-ridden society's constraints are powerful drivers for the characters and ultimately lead to disaster. Schiller was personally aware of the pain of love across the classes, through his love for Charlotte von Wolzogen (sister in law of Caroline von Wolzogen - Caroline was sister of Charlotte von Lengefeld, who would later become Schiller's wife).
Charles Eugene, Duke of Württemberg had just arrested Schiller and banned his works, in punishment for his unauthorised departure to attend the premiere of his play "The Robbers". Thus, in September 1782 Schiller fled the Duke's sphere of influence, moving to Mannheim and starting work on "Intrigue and Love" as a response to his arbitrary injustice. This can be seen in some of its themes:
Language.
Schiller makes use of an elevated style, pathos and hyperboles in order to describe the cynical and cold world of the court. The integrated French passages serve the uncovering of the court with its empty conversations and inclination for glamorous appearances. The President's speech is polished, calculated and imperatively arrogant. Secretary Wurm can be understood as a smaller copy of him. Kalb's speech can be seen as parallel to Mrs. Miller's speech. Kalb talks stupidly, unnatural and affected, often using the wrong expression.
Schiller contrasts the unnatural speech of the court with the direct and often rough speech of the married couple Miller. Miller is characterized through his speech as the simple man. He emphasizes his opinions with common sayings. Mrs. Miller's speech is also associated with the middle class. Her wrong usage of foreign words, sayings and dialect reveals her middle-class origin.
The speech of the lovers Lady Milford, Luise and Ferdinand takes on a special position. Their use of language usually does not display their social standings.
Structure.
The composition of the play follows a strict system which can be described with terms such as "symmetry" and "dialectic principle". Similarity and asimilarity characterize content and style of the play. This becomes especially clear in the sequence of the scenes which switches regularly between the world of the middle class and the absolutist court. The "small" world is contrasted with the "big world" dialectically and a symmetry in the sequence of scenes is attained. The composition of the plot is also regarded as principle of symmetry. Examples for this are the three scenes between Ferdinand and Luise at the beginning, the middle and the end. The first one shows the secret opposition of the two lovers, the second one makes it an urgent matter in the turning point, and the third one seals it in death.
Social groups.
There are two opposing social groups in the play: the middle class and the nobility.
Middle class.
Miller is a respectable, genuine musician who is deeply religious and has a fixed position in the guild order of the city: one the one hand, confident, fearless and honest, on the other hand, restricted by close limits and not free from the sovereignty. Miller strictly believes in corporative thinking and thus rejects the marriage of his middle-class-daughter with the noble Ferdinand. However, he gives Luise the freedom to choose a husband within corporative order because he regards the custom of the father to choose his daughter's husband as outdated. Towards his wife, he behaves as the commanding patriarch, while he shared a tender love with his daughter. His middle-class confidence is reflected clearly in his argument with the President: Despite his big respect, he contradicts the President and insists on his householder's rights. He makes it perfectly clear that in his eyes, the corrupt world of nobility is morally beneath the middle-class world. At the same time, he is not immune to the temptation of wealth.When Ferdinand offers him money for the “three months long happy dream of his daughter”, Miller is overwhelmed by the opportunities this wealth offers and behaves very affable and friendly towards him.
Mrs. Miller holds hopes of social ascendency regarding Luise's relationship to Ferdinand and secretly encourages their love affair. Moreover, she feels flattered by the association of a noble man with her house. That is why she rejects Wurm in a conversation as son-in-law. Nevertheless, owing to her talkativeness and naivety, she passes information about the relationship of Ferdinand and Luise to him, which he knows how to use for his schemes. She can hardly hold her ground against her husband. She also takes on a timid and submissive attitude towards the President and embodies the typical servile spirit.
Luise, Mr. Miller's 16-year-old daughter, is introduced as the "most beautiful example of a blonde", who "would cut a fine figure next to the first beauty of court". She is deeply rooted in her family and shares an especially close relationship with her father. This relationship between father and daughter could be strengthened by the fact that she is an only child. Luise grew up protected and was brought up Christianly. Her thoughts and actions are shaped by her faith; the immoral life at court repels her. The encounter with Ferdiand creates a conflict between her love for Ferdinand and the expectations of her father, the social limits willed by God and her religious conviction. This way, the Immanuel Kant's opposition between duty and inclination becomes clear. Luise is very conscious of reality.
Wurm is the secretary and confidante of the President. Dramaturgically seen, he is a spineless schemer who would do anything for wealth and prestige. He is the source of the intrigue of which he also expects a marriage to his desired Luise. He climed the social ladder through his unscrupulousness and steps down and grovels up. Another kind of interpretation would be that only his love for Luise and his desire to marry her compel him to carry on this intrigue.
Nobility.
Invisible but still prominent in the background is the "Prince" as an absolutist ruler who does not care about his subjects' well-being. He does not appear personally, but his wedding plans, his life in court, and his governance influence the lives of all characters.
President von Walter, Ferdinand's father, obtained his position by murdering his predecessor. His whole behavior is adjusted in order to stabilize his position in court – and possibly to extend it – and to secure the duke's favor. He places this calculus of power above other people, values and feelings; he sees love as a foolish rave: a marriage should serve dynastic or political goals alone. Not until the dying Ferdinand forgives him does he recognize his mistakes as such. He realizes that people cannot be moved like chessmen, but follow feelings and values that are not simply subordinate to utilitarian considerations or the pursuit of power. Feeling remorse, he delivers himself up to justice, thus quitting his career.
Ferdinand is a typical representative of Sturm und Drang, as passionate, with a temper, unrealistic and self-absorbed. Usually, the middle-class Luise would be considered as an unsuitable bride for the President's son. However, Ferdinand cares less about social classes and more about personal qualities of people. In accordance with the tradition of the Enlightenment, he despises the schemes of the courtly world. He complains about injustice, inhumanity and immorality of the absolutist order. He tries to burst the order, and he appeals to "nature" and "God". His possessive mentality and his absolute love to Luise (rather self-absorbed), connected with his emotional actions, are distinctive of Jean-Jacques Rousseau's contemporary doctrines and lead, already early in the play, to his unfounded jealousy of Luise. Obsessed by the idea of absolute love, he takes on the role of the avenger and kills an innocent.
Lady Milford, aka Johanna von Norfolk, the Prince's mistress, takes on the middle position between courtly and middle-class value systems. An orphan who fled from England to German exile, she returns the Prince's love out of necessity and becomes his mistress. This position enables her to be a part of society and satisfies her ambition. She is also able to alleviate the injustices in the Principality and influence the Prince. The wedding plans with Ferdinand were also contrived by her, not the President. Lady Milford longs for true love; she wants to leave the country with Ferdinand and start a new chapter in life. When Ferdinand rejects her love, she tries to force him into marriage by all available means, knowing that she cannot win over his heart. Lady Milford fears possible humiliation and is not willed to revoke the publicly announced connection. Threatening and making promises, she tries to make Luise give up Ferdinand, but her pretentious mask shatters; struck by Luise's higher virtues, she quits her affair with the Prince and leaves the country. Overall, she appears as a woman who wanted good but got drawn into the wasteful and scheming goings-on of the court. The pursuit of honor and power throws a shadow on her humanity that shows in her behavior towards the people and her servants. In the end, she makes a clear decision, leaves the country and breaks away from the entanglement.
There is also the coward and chatty Hofmarschall von Kalb; dependent on President von Walter, he is a court cringer who personifies the court's lifestyle that is directed at outer appearance. He knows that, as a person without particular qualities, he has no option but to make himself a tool – wittingly or unwittingly.
Production history.
Schiller began the play in 1782. It originally had the working title "Luise Millerin", which was changed to "Kabale und Liebe" on the suggestion of the actor August Wilhelm Iffland. It was first performed on 13 April 1784 at the Schauspiel Frankfurt in Frankfurt, and then two days later on 15 April 1784 in the National Theatre in Mannheim in Schiller's presence. The play was a massive success, running in Berlin, and banned in Stuttgart. It appeared in print in 1784 in Mannheim. It was performed at the Donmar Warehouse theatre, London, in 2011.
Adaptations.
Translations.
The first English translation was released in 1795, and a French version followed in 1799. Modern English translations include "Love and Politics" by Christopher Webber (London, Riverside Studios, 1989), "Intrigue/Love" by Daniel Millar and Mark Leipacher (London, Southwark Playhouse, 2010) and "Luise Miller" by Mike Poulton (London, Donmar Warehouse, 8 June to 30 July 2011)
Opera.
Giuseppe Verdi's opera based on the play was entitled "Luisa Miller". The librettist was Salvatore Cammarano and the premiere took place in Naples on 8 December 1849. Another opera, Gottfried von Einem's Opus 44, used Schiller's original title "Kabale und Liebe" - it had a libretto by Boris Blacher and Lotte Ingrisch and premiered on 17 December 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="5850099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850099" title="Virus (comics)">
Virus (comics)

Virus is a Dark Horse Comics comic book, written by Chuck Pfarrer, drawn by Canadian artist Howard Cobb and first published in 1992. The story is about an alien life form which takes over a Chinese research vessel and reconfigures it—using both the damaged electronics and the dead bodies of the crew, it propagates itself by making various "creatures" created out of both organic and inorganic parts. When a salvage ship shows up they have to deal with the life form or be taken over as well.
Pfarrer said in an interview that when he wrote the original story as a script in the early 1990s, the special effects for a film adaptation wouldn't have been possible, so he sold the script to Dark Horse as a comic. It was later filmed (in 1999) as "Virus".

</doc>
<doc id="5850111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850111" title="Josephine Jacobsen">
Josephine Jacobsen

Josephine Jacobsen (19 August 1908 – 9 July 2003) was an American poet, short story writer, and critic. She was appointed the twenty-first Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 1971.
Biography.
Born in Cobourg, Ontario, Canada, she moved with her family to New York at a young age. When she was fourteen, she moved to Maryland where she lived for the rest of her life. Jacobsen served as poetry consultant to the Library of Congress from 1971 to 1973 and as honorary consultant in American letters from 1973 to 1979. She served as member of both the literature panel for the National Endowment of the Arts and of the poetry committee of Folger Library.
She was a prolific writer of poems and short-stories into her ninth decade. Joseph Brodsky praised her poetry for its "reserve, stoic timbre, and its high precision" while William Meredith called her "post-cocious" for her prolific writing late in life.
Jacobsen is the author of several collections of poetry and prose. Among her awards are an Academy of American Poets fellowship and the 1997 Poets' Prize for "In the Crevice of Time". She received honorary doctorates from Goucher College, The College of Notre Dame in Maryland, Towson State University, and Johns Hopkins University. She was inducted into The American Academy of Arts and Letters in 1994 and received the Robert Frost Medal for her Lifetime of achievement in poetry.
Jacobsen was also a fan of the Baltimore Orioles baseball team and wrote poems on her love of baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="5850113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850113" title="Area code 225">
Area code 225

225 is the North American telephone area code for part of southern Louisiana, including the entire nine-parish Baton Rouge Metropolitan Area. The area code was Louisiana's third area code, and the first new area code in the state in 41 years. Area code 225 split from area code 504 during 1998/99. The numbers 2-2-5 correspond on the alpha-numeric keyboard to the letters C-A-J; a nod to the area's Cajun heritage.
The area code has become part of the regional identity for the Baton Rouge metropolitan area, to the extent that there is a local news magazine named magazine published by Louisiana Business Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="5850129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850129" title="Sean Lucas">
Sean Lucas

Sean Christopher Lucas (born December 8, 1983 in Atlanta, Georgia) is a retired Canadian football linebacker who played all six years of his career for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League. He was a part of Saskatchewan's Grey Cup win in 2007 and was named a CFL West All-Star in 2009. Lucas was widely regarded as the Saskatchewan player at the centre of the infamous 13th Man incident that cost the club the championship in 2009. Lucas was named in football circles as the extra player who was on the field when Montreal kicker Damon Duval missed a 43-yard field goal as time expired, seemingly giving Saskatchewan the win. But Duval got a second chance from 33 yards after the Riders were penalized for too many men. Duval converted to give Montreal a thrilling 28-27 victory. The Riders have never said who the extra man was, but video replays did show Lucas start off the field, then turn and stay on for Duval's attempt in the most heart-breaking finish in Grey Cup history.
Lucas was signed as a free agent by Saskatchewan in 2006, and he spent most of 2006 CFL season as a member of their practice roster. He made his professional debut in the final week of the season in Edmonton against the Eskimos. He has since earned a starting spot as an outside linebacker for the Roughriders and was named a CFL West Division All-Star in 2009. In college football, he played for Tulane University.

</doc>
<doc id="5850130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850130" title="501st">
501st

501st may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5850141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850141" title="William Harper Twelvetrees">
William Harper Twelvetrees

William Harper Twelvetrees (1848 – 7 November 1919) was an English geologist who was important the characterisation of the geology of Tasmania.
Twelvetrees was born in Bedfordshire, England, in 1848, and educated at London and in Germany. From 1871 to 1880 he was employed at copper mines in eastern Russia, and from 1882 to 1890 at the Lidjessi silver-lead mines in Asia Minor of which he was general manager from 1884. He came to Tasmania in 1890 and followed various occupations until August 1899, when he was appointed Tasmanian government geologist and chief inspector of mines. 
In 1914 the office of chief inspector of mines was made a separate one, but Twelvetrees continued to act as government geologist and director of the geological survey of Tasmania until his death. He worked with energy and enthusiasm and his department grew in size and importance. He also interested himself in the Launceston Museum, which was extended so that the excellent geological survey collection of specimens could be housed. He died at Launceston after a short illness on 7 November 1919. He was married twice, (1) to Miss Austen, (2) to Miss Genders who survived him. He was awarded the Clarke Medal of the Royal Society of New South Wales in 1912. 
His writing will be found in the bulletins of the Tasmanian geological survey, at an extraordinary time in the West Coast, Tasmania region mining history - when the rapid change and developments in that region were not to be repeated in the following hundred years. 

</doc>
<doc id="5850166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850166" title="Maurice Archambault">
Maurice Archambault

Maurice Archambault, P.C.S., Q.C. (5 April 1914 – 9 June 2002) was a Canadian lawyer and judge.
Born in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec, the son of Sylvani Archambault and Emma Beaudry, Maurice attended the Seminary of Saint-Hyacinthe from 1929 to 1935. Later, he graduated from the Faculty of Law at the Université de Montréal.
Service and Memberships.
At the Bar of Bedford, Maurice served as secretary, syndic, and barrister's president. Memberships include General Council of the Bar of Québec and the committee of the Inspectors of the Bar. He also served as the chair of the Association of the Rural Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="5850170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850170" title="Flat top guitar">
Flat top guitar

A flat top guitar is a type of guitar body model which has a flat top (as opposed to archtop). The term "flat top" is usually used to refer to the most popular type of steel-string acoustic guitars; however, electric guitars such as the Fender Stratocaster, the Fender Telecaster and the Gibson Les Paul Junior and Special can be described as "flat top".
Sound generation.
String vibrations are lateral. This vibration is translated to a push/pull force on the bridge, transferring to the soundboard (top) which then moves in/outward similarly to a speaker membrane.
String vibrations cause minute length variations, or stretching. With varying degrees of stretching, the tension varies. This can be thought of as longitudinal vibration. The strings are anchored to the bridge and the pull of the strings is directed to the side of the anchoring point. This creates a torsional force deforming the soundboard. When tension increases, it will create a belly below the bridge (away from the strings) and a dip above the bridge (under the strings). This deformation creates more complex sound waves than the push/pull action. 
This is different from an archtop instrument, where both longitudinal and lateral vibrations are translated to variation in the bridge's pushing down on the soundboard. This gives the flat top a "richer" timbre, where the archtop sounds "cleaner". With few additional instruments, the rich sound of a flat top guitar is often preferred, while in larger orchestras the cleaner sound of the archtop is more suitable.

</doc>
<doc id="5850195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850195" title="Area code 337">
Area code 337

In the North American Numbering Plan, telephone area code 337 covers southwestern Louisiana. It was created in 1999. Until 1999/2000, this area was the southern half of area code 318, which covered the western half of Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="5850199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850199" title="William Tate (academic)">
William Tate (academic)

William Tate (September 21, 1903 - September 21, 1980) served as the Dean of Men at the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens, Georgia from 1946 until 1971.
William Tate was born in 1903 in Calhoun, Georgia. His father, Philip May Tate, was a member of the Tate family that had developed the Georgia Marble Company in Pickens County, Georgia, but Mr. Tate himself was a banker and farmer, having established the Calhoun National Bank. Upon his death in 1911 his widow, Mrs. Edna F. Tate, became President of the bank and managed the farm. William attended Fairmount High School and the Georgia Military Academy, from which he graduated in 1920. He entered the University of Georgia, securing his A.B. degree in 1924 and his M.A. in 1927. He did graduate work at Columbia University, Harvard University and the University of Chicago.
As an undergraduate Dean Tate was a member of the track team and a distance runner, holding the A.A.U. Cross Country Championship. He was Chapter President of the Phi Kappa Literary Society and a holder of its speaking key. He was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa, Phi Kappa Phi, Sphinx, Delta Tau Delta fraternity, and Omicron Delta Kappa.
From 1924 to 1929 he was an instructor in English and Debate Coach at the University of Georgia. From 1929 to 1936 he was Head of the English Department and Track Coach at the McCallie School in Chattanooga, Tennessee. In 1932 William Tate married Susan Frances Barrow, a granddaughter of University Chancellor David Barrow. They had two sons, Ben and Jeff. In 1936 he returned to the University of Georgia as Dean of Freshmen and Assistant Professor of English. He was Dean of Students, Assistant to the President, and in 1946 became Dean of Men, a position he held for two decades.
Dean Tate was described as one of the University's ablest and most popular staff members since he served as the communication bridge between the University administration and the students. During his tenure as Dean of Men, Dean Tate had nearly unlimited authority over student conduct. He devoted much of his time to personal conferences with students, individually and in groups. A favorite quotation of Dean Tate, in reference to his work with young men at the University, was: "Working with a sorry boy who won't try... is like going bird hunting and having to 'tote the dogs!"
Tate was instrumental in the peaceful integration of the campus in 1961 by maintaining close supervision of student protestors. The University's first two African-American students were Charlayne Hunter and Hamilton Holmes.
Upon his retirement in 1971 Dean Tate joined the University's Alumni Office and embarked on an intensive public speaking career. His goal, in addition to raising money for the University, was to enhance citizens' understanding of the profound social changes that were occurring throughout the state and on the University campus in particular. Dean Tate brought his deep understanding of human nature to his narrations. He was a gifted story teller drawing upon a rich memory of events. In 1975 he published the volume "Strolls Around Athens".
The Tate Student Center on the UGA campus was named in honor of Dean Tate, as well the Tate Academic Building at the McCallie School.
In 1990, the Dean William Tate Honor Society was formed as a lasting legacy to Dean Tate and his impact on students at the University of Georgia. It annually inducts the top twelve freshmen men and top twelve freshmen women at the University, determined through a comprehensive application and interview process.

</doc>
<doc id="5850217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850217" title="Weis">
Weis

Weis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5850219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850219" title="Clarice Beckett">
Clarice Beckett

Clarice Majoribanks Beckett (21 March 1887 – 7 July 1935) was an Australian painter whose works are featured in the collections of the National Gallery of Australia, National Gallery of Victoria and the Art Gallery of South Australia.
Early life.
Beckett was born in Casterton, Victoria, the daughter of Joseph Clifden Beckett, a bank manager, and his wife Elizabeth Kate, née Brown. Her grandfather was John Brown, a Scottish master builder who had designed and built Como House and its gardens in South Yarra, Victoria.
She was a boarder at Queen's College, Ballarat until 1903, before spending a year at Melbourne Church of England Girls' Grammar School. She showed artistic ability, and after leaving school took private lessons in charcoal drawing at Ballarat. In 1914 she went to Melbourne's National Gallery School, completing three years of study under Frederick McCubbin before continuing her studies under Max Meldrum, whose controversial theories became a pivotal factor in her own art practice.
In 1919 her parents moved from Bendigo to the Melbourne bayside suburb of Beaumaris and, with their health failing, Beckett assumed household responsibilities that virtually dictated the structure of the rest of her life, severely limiting her artistic endeavour. Beckett could only go out during the dawn and dusk to paint as most of her day was spent caring for them.
Work.
Beckett is recognised as one of Australia's most important modernist artists. Despite a talent for portraiture and a keen public appreciation for her still lifes, Beckett preferred the solo, outdoor process of painting landscapes. She relentlessly painted sea and beachscapes, rural and suburban scenes, often enveloped in the atmospheric effects of early mornings or evening. Her subjects were often drawn from the Beaumaris area, where she lived for the latter part of her life. She was one of the first of her group to use a painting trolley, or mobile easel to make it easier to paint outdoors in different locations.
Max Meldrum once stated, "There would never be a great woman artist and there never had been. Woman had not the capacity to be alone". It is believed this reflects the overall opinion of the period; Beckett was continually put down by the critics and sold little in her lifetime.
Formal qualities.
A critic from "The Age", 2 September 1924, wrote—
One would imagine from the little scenes that Miss Beckett has gathered, in the name of Australian art, that Australia was in a continual state of fog – all kinds of fogs – pink, blue, green and grey with an occasional mist that surely was never on land or sea. Miss Beckett is probably feeling her way through the fogs and no doubt she will […] at least rise above the dreariness which characterizes her paintings at present.
Australian Tonalism.
Australian Tonalism is characterised by a particular "misty" or atmospheric quality created by the Meldrum painting method of building "tone on tone". Tonalism developed from Meldrum's "Scientific theory of Impressions"; claiming that social decadence had given artists an exaggerated interest in colour and, to their detriment, were paying less attention to tone and proportion. Art, he said, should be a pure science based on optical analysis; its sole purpose being to place on the canvas the first ordered tonal impressions that the eye received. All adornments and narrative and literary references should be rejected.
Tonalism opposed Post-Impressionism and Modernism, and is now regarded as a precursor to Minimalism and Conceptualism. The whole movement had been under fierce controversy and they were without doubt the most unpopular group of artists, in the eyes of most other artists, in the history of Australian art. Influential Melbourne artist and teacher George Bell described Australian Tonalism as a "cult which muffles everything in a pall of opaque density". 
Death.
While painting the wild sea off Beaumaris during a big storm in 1935, Beckett developed pneumonia and died four days later in a hospital at Sandringham aged 48. She was buried in the Cheltenham Memorial Park (Wangara Road) not far from another noted female artist, Mary Vale.

</doc>
<doc id="5850228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850228" title="Tara (name)">
Tara (name)

Tara is a given name with multiple meanings in different cultures.
It is also sometimes a nickname for Tamara, as an alternative to Tammy. In the Royal Engineers it is a common for a Sergeant Major to be referred to as Tara, after the wrestler who was a Sergeant Major and served in Burma during World War II, although the practice is now dying out.
The name is popular in Ireland and Australia. It was popular in the United States during the 1970s, probably due to Tara being the name of the O'Hara's plantation in the 1939 movie "Gone with the Wind", and the characters Tara King in the 1960s British television "The Avengers" and Tara Martin on the American soap opera "All My Children" in the early 1970s. In Ireland, from 2000–2005 it ranked between the 30th and 40th most popular girl's name.
Since 1968 the name Tara is currently accepted as being exclusively a female name in Western societies, although there have been men who carried the name (such as Tara Browne). It is also often considered a female name in the east, due to its connection to several goddesses. For instance, Tara is a female Buddha in Buddhism and a goddess in Hinduism. Additionally, "Tara" is also a common male or female name meaning "star".
Alternative spellings.
Variant forms include 
Taira, 
Tagarah,
Tarah,
Taragh,
Tarra,
Terra,
Tera,
Thara, 
and
Tariogh.

</doc>
<doc id="5850267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850267" title="Oracle PowerBrowser">
Oracle PowerBrowser

Oracle PowerBrowser was a web browser created in 1996 by Oracle Corporation. It featured a multiple document interface and offered the possibility to act as a web server allowing users to host webpages on their computers. It pre-dated CSS and scripting, and was quickly discontinued.
The original Powerbrowser was built by 3 people, Jon McCormack, Rhys Weatherly and Todd Werelius. They built the first iteration in 90 days as proof of concept for a number of ideas (personal publishing, extensible component architecture etc.) 
The team was under the direction of Marc Benioff before he left Oracle and founded Salesforce.com

</doc>
<doc id="5850302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850302" title="Donnie Ruiz">
Donnie Ruiz

Donald Ruiz (born July 5, 1978) is a retired Canadian Football League player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Ottawa Renegades, and Saskatchewan Roughriders from 2001 to 2006 as a free safety.
Ruiz was born in Montreal, and grew up in Stoney Creek, Ontario where he attended Orchard Park Secondary School. He attended university at Wilfrid Laurier University where he played as a defensive halfback for the Golden Hawks and was named the 1999 Ontario University Athletics defensive player of the year.
Ruiz was signed as an undrafted free agent out of university by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in 2000 and was expected to make the team until he broke his clavicle in an pre-season game. He returned to play another season for the Golden Hawks and made his CFL debut in 2001.
He was selected by the now-defunct Ottawa Renegades in the first round of their expansion draft in 2002. After the Renegades had their operations suspended by the league, the Saskatchewan Roughriders selected him 27th overall in the Ottawa Renegades dispersal draft. He was released by the Roughriders on June 24, 2007 at the end of training camp.

</doc>
<doc id="5850305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850305" title="DigiTimes">
DigiTimes

DigiTimes is a daily newspaper for semiconductor, electronics, computer and communications industries in Taiwan and the Greater China region. It was established in 1998. The company is based in Taipei, Taiwan and currently has a daily newspaper in traditional Chinese as well as Chinese-language and English-language websites.
In Taiwan, the company claims to have over 1,300 member companies and offers various levels of membership, which allows members access to its news archive, preferential booking for events and, for the higher levels of membership, access to DigiTimes Research reports.
The newspaper is cited by various information technology media and blogs like CNN, ZDNet, Los Angeles Times, Laptop Magazine, Cnet and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5850322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850322" title="Lexus Gauntlet">
Lexus Gauntlet

Lexus provided official sponsorship from 2001 until the licensing contract ended in 2009. While Lexus no longer provides sponsorship of the competition, USC and UCLA continue to keep track of the competition scores. The Cal-Stanford program ended after the 2006-07 season with Stanford winning all three seasons.
Points are awarded for each NCAA-sanctioned sport that the two schools compete face each other in. Four sports are worth 10 points each: football, men's and women's basketball, and women's volleyball. All other sports are worth 5 points. All regular season and postseason head-to-head competition in a single sport counts as a series, and all of the points for that sport are awarded to the winner of the series. Points are split in the event of a series tie. For sports without head-to-head competition, such as both men's and women's golf, all of the points for that sport are awarded based on which school finishes higher in the conference tournament. In sports with both head-to-head and multi-competitor events, such as swimming and track and field, only the head-to-head results are counted. For example, in 2011, a single football victory was worth 10 points; while all 5 head-to-head Men's water polo victories (3 regular season, 2 postseason) counted as a series worth 5 total points. In the event of a tie after all points have been settled, there are three tiebreakers. The first tiebreaker is regular season head-to-head wins. If a tie remains, next is postseason head-to-head wins. Finally, the third tiebreaker is whichever school won the most conference championships in head-to-head sports.
UCLA-USC.
The Southern version covers Los Angeles rivals, the University of Southern California and the University of California, Los Angeles. It began with the 2001 fall season.
Stanford-Berkeley.
The Northern version matched Bay Area rivals Stanford University and the University of California, Berkeley. It began with the 2004 fall season and ended after the 2007 spring season.
California 

</doc>
<doc id="5850327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850327" title="Narada Bakmeewewa">
Narada Bakmeewewa

Narada Bakmeewewa is a popular Sri Lankan Sinhala-language television presenter and actor. Narada Bakmeewewa after making his television debut in the mid 1990s, has gone on to become one of Sri Lanka’s most popular and respected Television Personalities. The host of Young Asia Television's highly rated Environmental program "Mhisara"; and Sirasa TV's "Rasa Risi Gee", giving him the unique distinction of appearing both of Sri Lanka's most popular channels: Ruphavahini and MTV.
Born to an artistic family, from an early age Narada was drawn towards the appeal and the culture of Television and media. He pursued his dreams by studying Television and production at the “National Youth Council.” Narada also holds a Masters Degree in Mass Communication from the University of Keleniya and has been with Young Asia Television since its inception.
In front of the camera he is the epitome of exuberance and confidence, conveying a lot of energy, enthusiasm and commitment towards his work. Away from the pressures of work; he enjoys reading, writing, watching films, listening to music and photography. He is also an avid traveller.
Narada Bakmeewewa has also dabbled in the music industry; apart from the chart show "Rasa Risi Gee" which he co-presents Narada has released an album titled "Aneka".
Most recently Narada Bakmeewewa played the role of supporting actor in the movie "Anjalika". Released on the 28 June 2006, Narada has received critical acclaim for his portrayal of the lead actor's best friend.
References.
Why is Narada out of ‘Rasa Risi Gee’?
The ‘Rasa Risi Gee’ musical programme has been a popular segment on Sirasa TV for more than ten years and the two presenters Narada Bakmeewewa and Thanuja Jayawardana became household names from the inception of the programme.
But the music scene was abuzz with rumours during the past few weeks that Narada Bakmeewewa was out of Rasa Risi Gee? Indeed Narada was not seen in the programme during the past few weeks and that must have fuelled the speculation.
But Daily Mirror Life spoke to Narada Bakmeewewa a few days ago, to find out what had really gone wrong and why he was not being featured on his trademark programme ‘Rasa Risi Gee’.
“Believe me, even I am in a confused state not knowing whether I am in or out of Rasa Risi Gee. As you know I am a permanent staffer at YATV which does not have a channel of its own. We get slots on other channels to telecast our programmes. At the same time I was freelancing on other channels including Sirasa TV, which featured the much-acclaimed ‘Rasa Risi Gee’ segment. During this period I made sure not to take part in any musical programme since I believed it might affect ‘Rasa Risi Gee’.
Rasa Risi Gee is about ten years old now and I together with Thanuja as the presenters did our best to make it a success. For nearly ten years we hardly had problems to grumble about since it was part of our lives. 
I was recently approached by the programme’s producer who asked me if I could only focus on Sirasa Rasa Gee and give up my assignments with other channels. I could not believe my ears. Why on earth are they concerned about my working in other channels, which I had been doing for about ten years? I told him that I could consider his proposal provided I would be paid at least 80% of what I was getting by working in other channels. 
”But since then I was never contacted. I cannot understand why Sirasa was disturbed about my working in other channels now. I had been doing that for ten years. I personally feel if such a request had to be made, it should have come from a responsible authoritative top official. Now it is evident that the channel is not interested in me. But I only regret the way I was treated after hosting one of the most popular programmes of Sirasa for ten years. Honeslty I feel sad about Rasa Rasa Gee. It’s just like a parent losing a ten-year-old child.
“I recall how I was called in to present this programme ten years ago by former Sirasa chief Nimal laxapathiarachchi. Rasa Risi Gee was an experimental programme. Within three months it became a hit programme. But after Nimal left Sirasa, Rasa Risi Gee became an orphan. Nobody cared to look into its wellbeing. The programme went on for years solely due to my and Tanuja’s keenness. Then we were tortured by changing the telecast times and thus dropping the high ratings it once enjoyed. This is life. Nothing is permamnet in this world. I wish Rasa Risi Gee every success,” concluded Narada who is now also an actor. He made his debut as an actor in Anjalika, which is enjoying a successful run now. 
“Though I initially hesitated before accepting the role in Anjalika, I think acting gives me pleasure. I have decided to act in films if I am offered suitable roles,” said Narada… Narada of Rasa Risi Gee fame.
Daily Mirror news paper
Sri Lanka

</doc>
<doc id="5850347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850347" title="Léa Pool">
Léa Pool

Léa Pool (born 8 September 1950) is a Swiss-Canadian filmmaker who has also taught film at UQAM. Her 1986 film "Anne Trister" was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival. Her 1999 film "Emporte-moi" was entered into the 49th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Special Prize of the Ecumenical Jury.
Life and career.
Pool was born in Soglio, Switzerland, and raised there, in Lausanne. Her father was Jewish, and was a Holocaust survivor from Poland. Her mother's family was Christian and Swiss.
Her film "À corps perdu" (1988) was selected for official competition in the Venice Film Festival and her film "Mouvements du désir" (1994) was screened at the Sundance Film Festival. She has been nominated 3 times for the Genie Award for Best Achievement in Direction for her films "La Femme de l'hôtel" (1984), "Mouvements du désir" (1994), and "Emporte-moi" (1999).
In 2006 she was awarded the Prix Albert-Tessier. In 2011, Pool completed the National Film Board of Canada documentary film "Pink Ribbons, Inc.", partly based on the 2006 book "Pink Ribbons, Inc: Breast Cancer and the Politics of Philanthropy", which is premiering at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival.
Pool is a lesbian.

</doc>
<doc id="5850350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850350" title="For the Megalopolitans">
For the Megalopolitans

For the Megalopolitans () was one of the first political orations of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes. It was delivered in 352 BC and constitutes one of the initial political interventions of Demosthenes. In 352 BC, Sparta endeavored to reestablish its preeminence in the Peloponnese and to undo Epaminondas' achievements. Because of Thebes' war with the Phocians, Spartans thought that they could easily overturn Arcadia's independence. Therefore, they sent troops to Megalopolis, which asked for Athens' support and military assistance. Sparta tried also to gain Athens' alliance, promising to help the Athenians to seize Oropos. The "Ecclesia" convened in order to take the final decision and Demosthenes was among those who expressed their opinion. 
In "For the Megalopolitans", Demosthenes asserted that Athens must send troops to assist the Megalopolitans against Sparta. Proposing such a policy, he bluntly opposed Eubulus's faction, which was against any military excursion. Demosthenes, on the other hand, sought for the restoration of Athens' glory and, for this purpose, he believed that his city should participate in military conflicts around Greece, recreating strong alliances and reinstating itself as an hegemony. It seems that the orator did not manage to convince his countrymen. Thebes, however, managed to send its own troops to Peloponnese, preserving the "status quo" imposed by Epaminondas.

</doc>
<doc id="5850356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850356" title="Dunstable Town railway station">
Dunstable Town railway station

Dunstable Town, also known as Dunstable Church Street, was a railway station on the Great Northern Railway's branch line from Welwyn which served Dunstable in Bedfordshire from 1858 to 1965. Against a background of falling passenger numbers and declining freight returns, the station closed to passengers in 1965 and to goods in 1964, a casualty of the Beeching Axe. The station site is intended to be reused as part of the Luton Dunstable Busway.
History.
The Luton, Dunstable and Welwyn Junction Railway (LD&WJR) was authorised on 16 July 1855 and empowered the construction of a line from Dunstable to join the Great Northern Railway's (GNR) main line at Digswell. The line would run from a junction near the London and North Western Railway's (LNWR) Dunstable station across the road now known as the A5 to a second station in Dunstable at Church Street. Finding itself in financial difficulties, the LD&WJR merged with the Hertford and Welwyn Junction Railway on 28 June 1858, thereby creating the Hertford, Luton and Dunstable Railway. The line opened between Dunstable and Luton to goods traffic on 5 April 1858, to passengers on 3 May and throughout to Welwyn on 1 September 1860. Trains were worked for two years by the LNWR after which the GNR took over, eventually acquiring the line on 12 June 1861.
The opening date of the station in Church Street, Dunstable, is disputed; sources differ between 1858 and 1860. In any event, it appears that the station may have opened as a consequence of the failure by the LNWR and GNR to agree terms for a joint station in Dunstable. The initial station was a simple timber-built structure with a single platform which proved unsuitable to handle the line's traffic and which soon generated numerous complaints from passengers. The GNR, whose Church Street station was more convenient for the town centre than the LNWR's Dunstable station, offered to rebuild the station so that it could also be used by the LNWR but the latter insisted on having equal rights of access which was unacceptable to the GNR. Following a fire in September 1871, a more permanent structure was provided at a cost of £1,500 (£ as of ).
The new station also had a single platform which was situated on the Down side immediately above the A505 Luton-Dunstable road. The main station building comprised two floors: the entrance and station booking office were on the lower floor while the main station facilities at platform level which were reached by steps. Following the extension of the platform in November 1890, a signal box was situated on the platform which had views over the countryside towards Skimpot and Blows Down. The box remained in operation until 22 July 1934. Two sidings ran down the centre of the goods yard behind the station. These received coal for local traders and handled scrap iron for the dealer who occupied part of the goods yard.
Passenger traffic over the Dunstable branch in its later years was not great except on market days, and Dunstable Town, as it became known after January 1927, was closed to goods traffic in 1964 and to passengers in 1965 after it was listed for closure in the Beeching report. The line north to Leighton Buzzard closed from 1 January 1966, with tracklifting at Dunstable beginning in 1968.
Present day.
Dunstable Town's wooden platform and platform canopy were dismantled after closure, although the station building remained for some time afterwards. The former goods yard was used to store pipes for oil and gas pipelines. The sidings were disconnected and the controlling ground frame was taken out of use on 7 March 1969. The scrap yard occupying part of the goods yard had closed by the early 1990s, leaving the site to be used as a car park until it was redeveloped for housing in 2008. The line remained open for oil traffic until 30 April 1989 when it was mothballed and then officially closed on 28 March 1991. This allowed one last passenger train – the Chiltern Chariot railtour – to call at Dunstable Town on 17 January 1987, although passengers were not allowed to alight. The track was finally lifted in autumn 2010 to allow the construction of the Luton Dunstable Busway which will pass through the site.
Dunstable is presently one of the largest towns in south-east England without a railway connection.
The station was immortalised in 1964 in the song "Slow Train" by Flanders and Swann.

</doc>
<doc id="5850370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850370" title="Nauclea">
Nauclea

Nauclea is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. The species are evergreen trees or shrubs that are native to the paleotropics. The terminal vegetative buds are usually strongly flattened. The generic name is derived from the Ancient Greek words "naus", meaning "ship" and "kleio", meaning "to close". It refers to the resemblance of the cells of the capsule to a ship's hull.
Cultivation and use.
"Nauclea diderrichii" is a large tree from West Africa that is widely cultivated elsewhere. Its wood is resistant to borers and is used at harbors and in other places where wood is in constant contact with water. 
The species "Nauclea latifolia" has been found to contain clinically viable concentrations of the opioid analgesic tramadol.
Taxonomy.
"Nauclea" is a member of the tribe Naucleeae and is sister to a clade consisting of "Burttdavya" and "Sarcocephalus". The current type species for the genus is "Nauclea orientalis". Linnaeus originally named it "Cephalanthus orientalis" in the first edition of "Species Plantarum" but transferred it to "Nauclea" when he erected that genus in the second edition in 1762.

</doc>
<doc id="5850371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5850371" title="Mark Trakh">
Mark Trakh

Mark Trakh (born May 31, 1955) is the head women's basketball coach at New Mexico State. He previously held the head coaching position of the women's basketball team at the University of Southern California.
Two of his assistants were Derek and Jody (Anton) Wynn. He is godfather to their daughter Jada.
Hired by USC to replace Chris Gobrecht on April 14, 2004, Trakh has quickly turned the USC women's basketball program around. In his first two seasons, he led the Women of Troy to the NCAA tournament in 2005 and 2006 after a seven-year absence. Unfortunately, USC fell in the second round both times; in 2005, the Women of Troy beat first-round foe Louisville but were turned back by a last-second basket by eventual NCAA championship runner-up Michigan State in a closely contested game.
In 2005-2006, Trakh's Trojans went 19-12 for fourth place in the Pac-10.
In 2004-2005, the Women of Troy were 20-11, good for a second-place conference tie.
On January 26, 2007, Trakh earned his 250th career win as USC defeated Washington State, 65-47.
Before his stint at USC, Trakh spent 11 years at Pepperdine, and while at the helm of the Waves, led them to a 199-123 (.618) overall record and six postseason appearances: NCAA tournament in 2000, 2002, and 2003; WNIT in 1999, 2001, 2004. Pepperdine won four league titles in his last six years there. For his efforts, he received WCC Coach of the Year honors twice, in 1999 and 2002. And he accomplished all this while boasting a 100 percent graduation rate.

</doc>
