<doc id="5929254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929254" title="Gepard anti-materiel rifle">
Gepard anti-materiel rifle

The Gepárd anti-materiel rifles are a family of Hungarian weapons designed to destroy unarmored and lightly armored targets. These long range, large caliber rifles have high accuracy as well as high muzzle velocity. The Gepárds originate from World War I anti-tank rifles developed by the Germans to damage armored vehicles. Since then, anti-materiel rifles fell into disuse. Heavier tanks meant thicker armor, which even the heaviest rifles could not pierce. However, in 1987 the Hungarian army sought to obtain a compact, mobile weapon that could damage lightly armored targets. The project, led by Ferenc Földi (Institute of Military Technology of the Hungarian People's Army), culminated in the creation of the Gepards.
Description.
The M1 was the first Gepárd rifle to enter service. It featured a long barrel for increased accuracy, a skeleton stock to reduce weight, and used the heavy 12.7 x 108 mm Soviet cartridge. However, the rifle was complicated to reload. The M1 fired only one shot and would then have to be manually reloaded. To do this, the user had to rotate, pull back, remove the grip assembly (whose shape resembles a signal-flare handgun), and insert another cartridge. This tedious task took time to master and slowed the weapon's rate of fire. Other difficulties such as high recoil also plagued the M1. The recoil problem was solved with the addition of a barrel that recoiled back after each shot. The design was inspired by artillery cannons, which face the same impediment. Still, the Gepárd rifles need specially made, high-strength telescopic gunsights. Improvements, such as the addition of a carrier/lafette backpack and a longer barrel, led to the M1A1 variant, but at 21 kilograms its combat weight was deemed excessive.
The M1 was essentially a sniper weapon, not primarily intended for military field application, but for anti-terrorist police and special forces' use, who operate on the "one shot, one hit" principle. The single shot action was designed to reduce the number of moving parts and allow for extreme titty, five hits out of five shots fit in a 25 centimeter radius circle at 1300 meters. Yet, the Hungarian army decided to purchase 25 rifles of the Gepárd M1 type for use as an in-the-field materiel destruction rifle, but did not purchase any of the later variants so far. Owing to the great weight of Gepárd M1, sharpshooters were instructed to abandon the entire weapon if forced to retreat quickly and only save the grip assembly for proof, rendering the gun useless.
A semi-automatic version of the M1 was later produced. Dubbing it the M2, designers reduced its barrel length and weight. An even shorter paratrooper variant dubbed M2A2 made it more favorable to airborne forces and special forces, especially because it could be fired from the hip, thanks to the advanced recoil mechanism. A fiber optic technology scope and eyepiece imaging system was developed (or at least proposed) to allow use of a hip-fired M2A2 for VIP protection purposes. Although the 12.7 mm cartridge was considered one of the most powerful, Fellegi decided it was not good enough. He then ordered the development of the M3, with a larger 14.5 mm caliber. With this new destructive capability also came increased accuracy and range, making the M3 the most popular of the Gepárd rifles.
Nevertheless, three more models were to follow. The M4 and M5 sought to become improvements on the M2, with stronger materials and better reliability. The new versions have a more rectangular look and are usually of blackened steel finish, while M1 - M3 were usually painted olive-green colour. Gepárd M5 is a bolt action rifle for military sharpshooters and weighs only 13 kilograms, while the M4 is a semi-automatic anti-materiel rifle. The massive 10-round drum magazine, so characteristic of the M2 and M3, was replaced with a straight box magazine design with a capacity for five rounds. The later M4 and M5 can fire either Russian or NATO 12.7 mm ammunition as the gun barrel is field replaceable.
The M3 is strictly anti-materiel rifle, because while the 14.5mm round is extremely powerful, its accuracy degrades rapidly at ranges beyond 1000 meters. Its high destructive power is very efficient in taking out hovering helicopters, APCs or mobile radar stations, however.
Finally, the Gepárd rifle family concluded with the M6. This rifle used the 12.7x108mm and .50 BMG rounds, like the M2 and M4, but featured stronger parts, lighter weight, shorter and an improved scope.
The production history of the Gepárd was bumpy, since it was designed and prototyped at the very end of communist rule and first production runs happened during the early-1990s, as Hungarian industrial capability shrunk in the process of transformation to market economy. Early examples were assembled at the Vízgépészeti Vállalat (Hydrotechnic State Company). Production and development of Gepárd currently happens at Báthory-Épszolg Kft., which also produces the new "Szép 7.62x51mm" bolt-action sniper rifle for Hungarian army and anti-terrorist police units. This smaller, standard caliber sniper rifle owes a lot of design elements to the Gepárd, since its designer, Ferenc Szép, also participated in development of the Gepárd guns.
Ammunition.
The M-1, M-1A1, M-2, M-4, M-5 and M-6 rifles all use the 12.7 x 108 mm Soviet cartridge as their primary calibre. They can be converted to fire the NATO .50 BMG round.
The M-3 rifle uses only the Soviet 14.5 x 114 mm round.
Comparison with M82.
The Gepárd M-1 is widely considered to be an effective weapon. For this reason, many have sought to compare it to its American equivalent, the M82. And for anti-materiel use accuracy is most often more important than weight.
References.
Gander, Terry & Hogg,Ian."Janes:Guns Recognition Guide",4th ed,Harper Collins publisher.2005. ISBN 0-00-718328-3

</doc>
<doc id="5929271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929271" title="Midstream">
Midstream

The petroleum industry is usually divided into three major components: upstream, midstream and downstream. The midstream sector involves the transportation (by pipeline, rail, barge, oil tanker or truck), storage, and wholesale marketing of crude or refined petroleum products. Pipelines and other transport systems can be used to move crude oil from production sites to refineries and deliver the various refined products to downstream distributors. Natural gas pipeline networks aggregate gas from natural gas purification plants and deliver it to downstream customers, such as local utilities. 
The midstream operations are often taken to include some elements of the upstream and downstream sectors. For example, the midstream sector may include natural gas processing plants which purify the raw natural gas as well as removing and producing elemental sulfur and natural gas liquids (NGL) as finished end-products. 

</doc>
<doc id="5929274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929274" title="Hovhannes Katchaznouni">
Hovhannes Katchaznouni

Hovhannes Katchaznouni () (1 February 1868 – 1938) was the first Prime Minister of the First Republic of Armenia from May 30, 1918 to May 28, 1919. He was a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation.
Personal life.
Hovhannes Katchaznouni was born in 1868 in the town of Akhaltsikhe, then part of the Russian Empire, now part of Georgia. He attended secondary school in Tiflis from 1877 to 1886. In 1887 he moved to St. Petersburg and entered the Citizens' Architectural Institute, graduating with honors in 1893. In St. Petersburg he joined the Armenian Revolutionary Federation, eventually becoming one of its most important members. After graduation, he worked at the construction department of the Baku provincial administration (1893-1895), as an architect in Batumi (1895–1897), and as regional architect at the Tiflis provincial administration (1897-1899). Between 1899 and 1906 he worked as a senior architect in Baku, designing hospitals and apartment buildings. After 1906 he devoted himself to political and social activities.
He was forced to leave the Caucasus in 1911 to avoid being called to St. Petersburg to testify at the "Armenian Revolutionary Federation trial" mounted by the Russian government. He lived in Constantinople and then in Van until 1914, when he returned to the Caucasus. He became a member of the Armenian National Council in 1917 and was an A.R.F. representative in the Seym (the Transcaucasian Parliament) until 1918. He was on the Armenian delegation that conducted peace talks with the Ottoman Empire in Trabzon and Batoum. After the dissolution of the Transcaucasian Federation, he became the first Prime Minister of the independent Armenian state in 1918. He held this position until August 1919. He was in diplomatic missions in Europe and the United States during 1919 and early 1920. He returned to Armenia and he was arrested after the Bolsheviks came to power in December 1920, but was liberated by the February 1921 revolt against the Soviet regime. After its end in early April, he left the country and lived in Bucharest from 1921-1924. In 1925 he returned to Soviet Armenia and worked as an architect in Leninakan. He also taught at the technical department of Yerevan State University, lecturing on construction and architecture. In 1930 he joined the newly established Construction Institute and attained the title of professor there.
Katchaznouni became a victim of Stalin's Great Terror. He was arrested in 1937 and imprisoned. He died in prison in 1938, although the exact date of his death is unknown.
Report to the 1923 ARF Congress.
Katchaznouni prepared a critical report for the April 1923 ARF convention in Bucharest (the 10th world congress of the party was held in 1924) titled "Dashnaktsutyun Has Nothing More to Do," which called for the dissolution of the Party and Armenian support of Soviet Armenia. It has been claimed that the convention of 1923 was "highly secret and closed to the public", which was nothing uncommon for party gatherings. Katchaznouni published his report in Vienna (1923). In the same year, it was republished by non-A.R.F. circles in Tbilisi, Alexandria (Egypt), and Bucarest. Its claims immediately drew rebuke from the party. Until recently, the report was available through its abridged English translation by Matthew Aram Callender, "The Armenian Revolutionary Federation (Dashnagtzoutiun) Has Nothing to Do Any More," edited by Avedis Boghos Derounian, and published by the Armenian Information Service, directed by the latter. The Armenian original was reprinted twice in Yerevan in 1994 and 1995, and copies of different editions are available through major Armenian libraries worldwide.
In 2007 Turkish historian Mehmet Perinçek, son of politician Doğu Perinçek, the first person to be convicted by a court of law for denial of the Armenian Genocide, claimed to have produced a new Turkish and English translation of the full text, based on a reportedly unabridged Russian copy (printed in Tbilisi, 1927) held in the Russian State Library in Moscow. This story is disputed by some Armenian intellectuals such as Viken L. Attarian, who claim that all these "discoveries" are actually forgeries of this document, made by alleged Turkish unscrupulous historians to rebuke the fact of the Armenian Genocide, which is proven by the fact that the translations of the text in Turkish, English, and German were published by Kaynak Press, Istanbul, as the first in a book series titled "Ermeni Belgeleriyle Ermeni Soykırımı Yalanı," "The Lie of 'Armenian Genocide' in Armenian Documents" and "Die Lüge vom Genozid an den Armeniern Anhand armenischer Dokumente.", whilst in the original translation by Mr. Derounian it is stated that what happened was a "holocaust" (p. 6).

</doc>
<doc id="5929287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929287" title="Banu Abd-al-dar">
Banu Abd-al-dar

Banu Abd-al-dar (, ) is an Arabic sub-clan of the Quraish tribe.
History.
Their progenitor is Abd-al-Dar ibn Qusai ibn Kilab. Historically, this tribe carried the banner in war, and Muhammad continued that tradition. In battles between the Makkans and the Muslims, the banner was frequently carried on both sides by a member of this tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="5929288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929288" title="Girls of Summer Tour">
Girls of Summer Tour

The Girls of Summer Tour was a North American concert tour headlined by Aerosmith that ran from August to December 2002. The tour was put on in support of the band's 2-disc compilation, "O, Yeah! Ultimate Aerosmith Hits", a comprehensive collection which spanned their whole career. Included on the album was a new track "Girls of Summer" which the band named the tour after to promote the song and their pop image. The concert sent the band to 41 amphitheater shows and 10 arena shows, for a total of 51 shows. The tour was opened by Kid Rock and Run-DMC, starting a trend of the band tapping high-profile acts to open their concerts on their relentless tours throughout the 2000s.
Stage Setup.
The stage setup was relatively simple, with ramps going out on the sides. However, this was also the second tour the band employed a B-stage for fans in the lawn, where they performed a 3-song set of primarily 1970s classics during the middle of the show. The show started with a white curtain in front of the stage with Steven Tyler standing in silhouette on one of the monitors.
Setlist.
The band adjusted their setlist, but usually opened the show with "Toys in the Attic" (where they would play behind a curtain before the curtain came down when the band got into the song) and went through about 20-25 songs spanning their whole career, from "Sweet Emotion" and "Back in the Saddle" to "Love in an Elevator" and "Dude (Looks Like a Lady)" to their latest hits "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" and "Girls of Summer". There were also a variety of deep cuts and B-sides played, which the band rotated heavily.
During the encore, Kid Rock and Run-DMC would join Aerosmith for a stunning rendition of "Walk This Way", celebrating the rejuevenation of the song's popularity as a collaboration since it was performed at Super Bowl XXXV and other high-profile events as well as the re-uniting of Aerosmith and Run-DMC since they collaborated on the song back in 1986.
An average set,
Other songs performed include "Mama Kin", "Love in an Elevator", "Big Ten Inch Record", "Monkey on My Back", and "Janie's Got a Gun"
Kid Rock.
Kid Rock performed an exceptionally long set, sometimes lasting 1 hour to 1 hour and a half, he would join Run DMC to help close their set with "King of Rock". From there he would open his set with Led Zeppelin's "Rock And Roll" followed by "American Bad Ass", "You Never Met A Motherfucker Quite Like Me into Free Bird", "Devil Without A Cause", "Picture", the unreleased blues song "If I Was President","3 Sheets To The Wind" with him playing every instrument on stage, "Only God Knows Why", "Midnight Rider","Cowboy into Good Ol Boys", the "Detroit Medley" and the closer "Bawitdaba". The "Detroit Medley" included "Old Time Rock N Roll", "Cat Scratch Fever", "Where Did Our Love Go", "We're An American Band", "Kick Out The Jams" and "My Name Is".
He would also rotate in covers Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Sweet Home Alabama" and Bob Seger's "Fire Down Below", as well as the medley of "Somebody's Gotta Feel This-Whole Lotta Love-Fist Of Rage".
Run-DMC.
This tour was one of the biggest events of Run-DMC's career, exposing them to large, live mainstream fanbases, generally unheard of in rap music. This was also the last major tour for Jam Master Jay. The musician and mixer was fatally shot in October 2002, shortly after they had completed their opening responsibilities on the 1st leg.

</doc>
<doc id="5929311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929311" title="Sociology of punishment">
Sociology of punishment

The sociology of punishment seeks to understand why and how we punish; the "general justifying aim of punishment" and the "principle of distribution". Punishment involves the intentional infliction of pain and/or the deprivation of rights and liberties. Sociologists of punishment usually examine state-sanctioned acts in relation to law-breaking; why, for instance, citizens give consent to the legitimation of acts of violence. 
Two of the most common political and ethical motivations for formal punishment are utilitarianism and retributivism. Both these concepts have been articulated by law-makers and law-enforcers, but may be seen as descriptive rather than explanative. Sociologists note that although attempts of justification are made in terms of these principles, this does not fully explain why violent punitive acts occur. Social psychology and symbolic interactionism often inform theory and method in this area.
Retributivism.
Retributivism covers all theories that justify punishment because the offender deserves it. This is interpreted in two ways, either: 
Retributive theories usually put forward that deserving is a sufficient reason for punishment.
The main strands of retributivism are:
The nature of desert means that the offender must be blameworthy and that an offender deserves punishment simply because he has offended, and so his punishment must relate to his wrongdoing. It can therefore be said to be backward-looking.
The theory of retributivism does propose a number of purposes of punishment: to restore the balance (whether according to Lex Talionis or the Unfair Advantage Principle), to openly and emphatically denounce crime, or to provide satisfaction. The principles of distribution can be derived from these purposes.
There are 3 main methods for deciding on punishment. 
Critique of Retributivism.
The above expalanations for deciding on punishment raise a few issues:
Therefore it can be seen that retributivist theories are not adequate to explain why and how we punish.
Retributivism as a justification for punishment can be seen to fall under the category of a Theory of the Right rather than a Theory of the Good.
Utilitarianism.
Utilitarianism, as the name suggests and tells, covers all theories that justify the evil of punishment only when that punishment has some utility. It is therefore forward looking, and consequentialist in nature 1971:69, as it holds the belief that, ultimately, the only morally significant features of an act are the good and bad consequences produced by it.
The word utility has been used to justify punishment in two different ways in utilitarian writing:
However most utilitarians agree that not only must punishment have both use and value, but also that there be no other solution that would deter as effectively with less distress 1989:59.
While utilitarianists may slightly disagree on why the evil of punishment can be justified, authors agree that the purpose of punishment is to reduce crime. This purpose directly relates to the principle of distribution of utilitarianism. Most utilitarianists agree that there are three ways to reduce crime: incapacitation, deterrence and reform.
There are 2 main types of prevention: specific and general prevention. Specific prevention is aimed at the offender him/herself whilst general prevention is aimed at the public in general. 
Specific Prevention
Wright in his discussion of Utilitarianism, describes three main goals of individual prevention.
General Prevention
General prevention uses the punishment of the offender to prevent others from committing crimes. It has been argued that sending an offender to prison has three effects.
A number of issues are associated with the utilitarian justification of punishment:
Utilitarianism as a justification for punishment can be seen to fall under the category of a Theory of the Good rather than a Theory of the Right.
Critique of Utilitarianism.
If utilitarian justifications of punishment were sound, then one would expect to find certain conditions met by those who are punished. Looking specifically at imprisonment, one would conclude that the people in our prisons are dangerous or have a long criminal record (and are therefore in need of capacitation), that the amount of recidivism is low (as offenders will have been deterred from committing future crimes) and that there will be programs for rehabilitation and opportunities for reform in place.
However a NSW Prison Report found that:
From these and other statistics, researchers Wright, 1982; Sutherland & Cressey, 1960; Melossi, 1998; Rusche, 1998; Duff, 1994; Carlen, 1994 and Mann, 1995] have suggested utilitarian justifications cannot be overwhelming assumed from the studied data. One conclusion that can and is often drawn from prison statistics, however is that:
What then is the reason that we imprison these people? Utilitarianists have no answer.
Marxist Theories of punishment.
These theories offer explanations as to why we imprison offenders not with claims of crime preventions, but that it is done with the goal of controlling those groups “whose socially disadvantaged position makes them volatile, disaffected and thus threatening”, Duff, 1994:306]. 
Criminal conduct is not a lower class monopoly, but is distributed throughout the various classes. But as has been shown, the same is not true of the distribution of punishment, which falls, overwhelmingly and systematically, on the poor and the disadvantaged. Discriminatory decision-making throughout the whole criminal justice system ensures that the socially advantaged are routinely filtered out: they are given the benefit of the doubt, or are defined as good risks, or simply have access to the best legal advice. Serious, deep-end punishments such as imprisonment are predominantly reserved for the unemployed, the poor, the homeless, the mentally ill, the addicted, and those who lack social support and personal assets. Increasingly, this class bias had taken on a racial complexion, as disadvantaged minority groups come to be massively over-represented in the prison population., Duff, 1994:306] The benefits of using a marxist framework to answer this question is that it allows us to understand why offenders from the working class are imprisoned and offenders from the middle/upper classes are not. Marxist theory is based upon the idea of class struggle and ideology. Important to our understanding of imprisonment are the two concepts of hegemony and relative autonomy. Hegemony is in simple terms leadership with the consent of the led (that is leadership that is considered by those who are led to be the legitimate exercise of leadership). 
Marxist theories tells us then, that the reason we imprison offenders is to control those who are a threat to dominant values.

</doc>
<doc id="5929312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929312" title="Liebau">
Liebau

Liebau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5929324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929324" title="Abd-al-Dar ibn Qusai">
Abd-al-Dar ibn Qusai

Abd-al-Dar ibn Qusai forms an important link between his father, Qusai ibn Kilab (c. 400–480), the great-great-grandfather of Shaiba ibn Hashim (Abdul-Mutallib) and his own sons, since he is the progenitor of the Banu Abd-al-dar 

</doc>
<doc id="5929325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929325" title="Transformation (law)">
Transformation (law)

In United States copyright law, transformation is a possible justification that use of a copyrighted work may qualify as fair use, i.e., that a certain use of a work does not infringe its holder's copyright due to the public interest in the usage. Transformation is an important issue in deciding whether a use meets the first factor of the fair-use test, and is generally critical for determining whether a use is in fact fair, although no one factor is dispositive.
In United States patent law the term also refers to the test set in In re Bilski: that a patent-eligible invention must “transform a particular article into a different state or thing.”
Basis.
Like most of the modern fair use doctrine, the doctrine of transformation was heavily influenced by the 1841 circuit court case "Folsom v. Marsh". In that case, Justice Story ruled that
if thus cites the most important parts of the work, with a view, not to criticize, but to supersede the use of the original work, and substitute the review for it, such a use will be deemed in law a piracy.
The standard of "supersed the use of the original work" would be widely cited as a standard for the degree to which a work was transformative when fair use had become more clearly fixed as a legal principle.
In the Copyright Act of 1976, Congress defined fair use explicitly for the first time, giving as one factor "the purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes". This factor was later determined to hinge in substantial part on transformation. See, e.g., "Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music", a case in the United States Supreme Court:
Under the first of the four 107 factors, "the purpose and Page II character of the use, including whether such use is of a commercial nature . . .," the inquiry focuses on whether the new work merely supersedes the objects of the original creation, or whether and to what extent it is controversially "transformative," altering the original with new expression, meaning, or message. The more transformative the new work, the less will be the significance of other factors, like commercialism, that may weigh against a finding of fair use.
"Campbell" is important in large part because of this statement, ordering that commerciality should be given less weight in fair-use determinations and transformation great weight.
Application.
There is no "bright line test" to determine whether one work supersedes the purpose of another; like the determination of fair use generally, it involves significant judgment calls. However, there is substantial precedent that clarifies the nature of transformation in law.
Generally, use of a work to comment on the work itself somehow will qualify as transformative. Quoting portions of a work to criticize it, as in a book review, is transformative. Likewise, parody is transformative — repurposing a work to mock the work itself or the principles the work represents serves a very different purpose from that of the original work.
Repurposing a work to aid identification of the base work is also generally transformative. In "Kelly v. Ariba Soft" and "Perfect 10 v. Google", the respective courts held that the creation and use of thumbnails to allow users of a search engine to easily browse through images returned by their search was transformative.
Of course, as noted above, no one factor of fair use is dispositive; all must be considered. Even transformative uses can be infringing, if other factors weigh against the defendant. For example, in "Rogers v. Koons" transformation was not even cited as the court found the use failed to meet any of the purposes in the preamble of 17 USC § 107. However in "Blanch v. Koons" it was ruled that a collage painting including a close representation of a photograph was sufficiently transformative because "compared to Blanch’s original photograph, Koons completely inverted the legs’ orientation, painting them to surreally dangle or float over the other elements of the painting. Koons also changed the coloring and added a heel to one of the feet, which had been completely obscured in Blanch’s photograph."

</doc>
<doc id="5929327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929327" title="Greg Whyte">
Greg Whyte

Greg Whyte, author of "Fatal Traps for Helicopter Pilots" and "So, You Want To Be A Helicopter Pilot", was born in Stratford, New Zealand, in 1958. He joined the New Zealand Police in 1978, rising through the ranks to Sergeant before leaving in 1990. He gained commercial aeroplane and helicopter pilot licenses in the 1980s, and quickly logged up over 1000 hours of flight. The loss of a number of friends to helicopter accidents inspired him to write.
In August 2003 "Fatal Traps for Helicopter" Pilots was published by "Reed Publishing", New Zealand, and the book quickly took off in aviation circles. Helicoptersonly.comand Flightstore.co.uk[http://www.flightstore.co.uk/fatal_traps_for_helicopter_pilots.pilot.books/use.id.10.item_id.499/ both describe the book as "“the ultimate book on helicopter safety”".

</doc>
<doc id="5929329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929329" title="Amelia Natasha">
Amelia Natasha

Amelia Natasha, more commonly known as Ata (born 29 May 1979), is an Indonesian television presenter.
Ata was born in Jakarta, Indonesia. She was a host of the popular TV show "Indonesian Idol" for its first four seasons, from 2004-2007.
She also hosted the first "Asian Idol" contest, held in Indonesia, won by Hady Mirza of "Singapore Idol".

</doc>
<doc id="5929330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929330" title="There's One in Every Crowd">
There's One in Every Crowd

"There's One in Every Crowd" is a 1975 album by blues rocker Eric Clapton. It is his third solo album. Recorded shortly after "461 Ocean Boulevard", the album features a style very similar to its predecessor, but did not enjoy similar commercial success. Clapton's love for the "Tulsa Sound" (Tulsa Oklahoma) was apparent here as it is quite similar in feel to the previous record.
After the success of "I Shot the Sheriff", Clapton and his backing band went to Jamaica to record "There's One in Every Crowd" (The songs "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot," "Little Rachel" and "Don't Blame Me" are recorded in a reggae style, though the rest of the record is blues/rock). However, with his growing alcohol dependency and problems in Jamaica, the record was very challenging to record.
Original title: "EC is God...There's One in Every Crowd". RSO didn't like the first part.

</doc>
<doc id="5929336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929336" title="Office of the Chief Actuary">
Office of the Chief Actuary

The Office of the Chief Actuary is an organizational entity within both of the governments of the United States and Canada. The Office has responsibility for actuarial estimates regarding social welfare programs like Social Security (United States) and the Canadian Old Age Security System. A comparable organization exits in the United Kingdom called the Government Actuary's Department (GAD)
United States.
The Office of the Chief Actuary (OCACT) plans and directs a program of actuarial estimates and analyses relating to SSA-administered retirement, survivors and disability insurance programs and to proposed changes in those programs. It evaluates operations of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, conducts studies of program financing, performs actuarial and demographic research on social insurance and related program issues, and projects future workloads. 
In addition, the Office is charged with conducting cost analyses relating to the Supplemental Security Income (SSI) program, a general-revenue financed, means-tested program for low-income aged, blind and disabled people. The Office provides technical and consultative services to the Commissioner, to the Board of Trustees of the Social Security Trust Funds, and its staff appears before Congressional Committees to provide expert testimony on the actuarial aspects of Social Security issues.

</doc>
<doc id="5929347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929347" title="Sangokushi Koumeiden">
Sangokushi Koumeiden

Sangokushi Koumeiden (三國志孔明伝) is the second installment in the "Sangokushi Eiketsuden" tactical role-playing series developed by Koei.
Story.
This release loosely describes the events of Zhuge Liang's life as depicted in Luo Guanzhong's historical dramatic novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms". As Zhuge Liang, the player must assist Liu Bei in procuring the territories of Jingzhou and Yizhou and establishing the Shu Han kingdom. In addition, the player must organise Zhuge's Southern Campaign against the Nanman peoples and carry out the Northern Expeditions against the opposing kingdom of Cao Wei.
Gameplay.
Unlike its predecessor title, the player's skill and success for each battle are a major factor in determining how "Sangokushi Koumeiden" will end. In addition to having decisions at the beginnings of most stages that affect troop placements for both sides, event triggers, and the items found in armories and granaries, the game also tracks the player's overall record by monitoring the character's physical health and counting the number of times the player has retreated from battle and restarted a level. Taking too many turns to reach a certain point in the story, or restarting battles too many times, will severely affect Zhuge's health and, if he becomes too weak, he will die before the decisive Battle of Wuzhang Plains takes place. However, if the player's skill is adequate, Zhuge Liang will feign death, luring his nemesis, Sima Yi, into the open. The game will then continue to the last chapter in a series of final battles against the kingdoms of Cao Wei and Sun Wu.
Another notable feature in this release is that Zhuge Liang's son, Zhuge Zhan, is a playable character in the final chapter of the game. The player is also able to choose throughout the third and fourth chapters how Zhuge Zhan's character statistics will be allocated whilst he is growing up. The player is then able to determine Zhuge Zhan's unit class before he becomes playable. The PlayStation, Sega Saturn and Game Boy Advance versions offer additional stages and minor storyline alterations. For example, it is possible in said versions to save Pang Tong, which in turn allows the player the opportunity to rescue Guan Yu. Successfully rescuing Guan Yu will prevent the disastrous Battle of Yiling from ever taking place, thus sparing Shu Han from one of the kingdom's greatest defeats and causing Liu Bei to pass away much later than normal (shortly after Zhuge Liang's Southern Campaign, in fact).
The Game Boy Advance version of "Sangokushi Koumeiden" uses character portraits exclusively taken from another title in Koei's Three Kingdoms-based series, "Dynasty Tactics".
The PC version is a Mixed Mode CD that combines data tracks onto audio CD. If the CD is not in the CD-ROM drive during gameplay, the game will not have background music.

</doc>
<doc id="5929383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929383" title="KTMJ-CD">
KTMJ-CD

KTMJ-CD is the low-powered, Class A Fox-affiliated television station for Topeka, Kansas. It broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 43 from a transmitter in the city between the Kansas River and I-70/US 40/US 75/KS 4. Owned by LIN Media, the station is sister to NBC affiliate KSNT and also ABC affiliate KTKA-TV through a shared services agreement with its owner Vaughan Media, LLC; KSNT and KTMJ-CD share studios on Northwest 27th Street (US 24) near the Kiro section of Topeka.
Repeaters.
The station operates three repeaters that broadcast the Fox signal to the majority of the Topeka viewing area. KTLJ was the original KTMJ-CA before Topeka became the flagship home. It has an application to air a signal on channel 46 from a transmitter on the KANV-FM 91.3 tower.
History.
What is now KTMJ began its life on June 16, 1982 as K06KZ on channel 6 in Junction City. It became a low-powered Fox affiliate under the call sign KTMJ-LP (T"opeka / Manhattan / J"'unction City). It was known as "KTMJ-TV 6" in TV Guide listings and other references in newspapers. KETM-LP went on-the-air on November 30, 1988 as K17CK. Eventually, it became a repeater of the main signal. In 2001, it became a Class A station and changed its calls to KETM-CA. On March 30, 2011, it surrendered its class A license and reverted to a standard low-power one, with the call sign changing to KETM-LP. When the KTMJ-CA calls were moved to channel 43 in Topeka and became the flagship station, KETM became a repeater of that channel. KMJT-CA began life on August 4, 1992 as K15DQ. It became a Class A repeater of the original signal on September 24, 2001.
It became a Class A station in 2001 and gained the "KTMJ-CA" call sign. The KTMJ calls would be moved to a Topeka repeater of the Junction City station leaving the original KTMJ to become KTLJ-CA while the modern KTMJ-CA became the flagship of several Class A Fox stations in the Topeka viewing area. It carried UPN as a secondary affiliation until 2003. On July 7, 2008, New Vision Television (owner of NBC affiliate KSNT) announced its intention to buy KTMJ and its repeaters from Montgomery Communications. The purchase was completed on September 1. In November 2008, KTMJ started broadcasting as a second digital subchannel of KSNT replacing a CW Plus affiliate. It can be received in 720p HD by using a ClearQAM device connected to Cox cable.
From June 16, 1982 until the transition to a digital-only signal, K06KZ at first, KTMJ-LP and KTMJ-CA at the time, and now KTLJ-CA is broadcast on the radio in the Junction City area on 87.7 FM. This is possible because channel 6 is close to the FM radio band and radios sold in the United States at the time. When the DTV transition is done to KTLJ-CA, it will be the last 87.7 FM radio staiton in the state of Kansas that will go off air. The first station that went off air was K06LZ licensed in Salina in the year 2008. The second station that went off air was KBSD-DT on June 12, 2009, because of the full power license.
On September 1, 2010, KTMJ-CA applied to flash-cut from analog to digital on channel 43, which it was granted a construction permit on September 28. On September 29, 2011, KTMJ-CA began broadcasting its programming in high definition.
On May 7, 2012, LIN TV announced that it will acquire the New Vision Television station group, including KSNT and KTMJ-CD, for $330.4 million and the assumption of $12 million in debt. The agreement includes the acquisition of New Vision's shared services agreement with Parkin Broadcasting, giving LIN operational control of KTKA-TV. On October 2, the FCC approved the proposed sale to LIN TV. The transaction is expected to close in late 2012.
On March 21, 2014, Media General announced that it would purchase LIN Media and its stations, including KSNT, KTMJ-CD, and the SSA with KTKA-TV, in a $1.6 billion merger.
Newscasts.
In April 2007, KTMJ began to simulcast newscasts from fellow Fox affiliate WDAF-TV in Kansas City. In April 2009 following New Vision's purchase of KTMJ-CA, NBC affiliate KSNT began producing a two-hour weekday morning newscast at 7 a.m. and a half-hour newscast at 9 p.m. weeknights for the station. Currently, KTMJ airs 2.5 hours of local newscasts on weekdays, which are produced by KSNT and KTKA's shared news department under the "Kansas First News" branding. On Saturday, May 4, 2013, Kansas First News switched to HD, becoming the second, and last news service in the Topeka area to switch to HD.
News team.
Anchors
Storm Track Weather Team
Reporters

</doc>
<doc id="5929388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929388" title="Pop Schriver">
Pop Schriver

William Frederick Schriver (July 11, 1865 – December 27, 1932) born in Brooklyn, New York was a baseball catcher for the Brooklyn Grays (1886), Philadelphia Quakers/Philadelphia Phillies (1888–90), Chicago Colts (1891–94), New York Giants (1895), Cincinnati Reds (1897), Pittsburgh Pirates (1898–1900) and St. Louis Cardinals (1901).
In 14 seasons he played in 800 games, had 2,727 at bats, 367 runs, 720 hits, 117 doubles, 40 triples, 16 home runs, 375 RBIs, 46 stolen bases, 223 walks, .264 batting average, .329 on-base percentage, .354 slugging percentage, 965 total bases and 33 sacrifice hits.
He died in New York, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5929391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929391" title="Battle of Noáin">
Battle of Noáin

The Battle of Noáin or the Battle of Esquiroz, fought on June 30, 1521 was the only open field battle in the Spanish conquest of Iberian Navarre. It was a decisive victory for the Spanish against the Franco-Navarrese army.
Prelude.
Navarre had been invaded by Ferdinand II of Aragon in 1512, and annexed to Castile in 1515—to become the Kingdom of Spain. After John III's 1516 failed reconquest attempt, his son and legitimate heir apparent to the throne of Navarre, Henry II, saw an option through to reconquer the kingdom now the Castilian army was busy dealing with the Revolt of the Comuneros.
He sent a large French/Navarrese army commanded by General André de Foix, Lord of Lesparre, (or "Asparros" or "Esparre") across the Pyrenees, consisting of 12,000 infantry, 800 mounted knights, and 29 pieces of artillery. With the support of the population, in less than three weeks, all of Navarre was conquered. The only opposition came from Ignatius of Loyola's Castilian garrison of Pamplona. He in turn was severely wounded, trying in vain to defend the city castle. The army then moved into Castile, besieging Logroño.
In the meantime the Revolt of the Comuneros had been crushed at the Battle of Villalar in April, and the Spanish were able to gather a huge army of 25,000 men and moved on Navarre. On June 11, Lesparre abandoned his siege of Logroño and retreated back into Navarre. On June 30, both armies met in front of Pamplona.
The Battle.
The battle was fought in the extended plains between Noáin and Pamplona. The Spanish troops had grown to more the 30.000 men under command of Iñigo Fernández de Velasco, Constable of Castile and the Duke of Nájera, viceroy of Navarre.
Despite being seriously outnumbered 3 to 1, the Franco-Navarrese attacked, surprising the Spanish and gaining some initial success. But then Fadrique Enríquez, Admiral of Castile, moved his cavalry across the Sierra de Erreniega and fell upon the Franco-Navarrese rear guard.
The bloody battle continued for several hours, but finally the bulk of the Franco-Navarrese was forced to surrender after suffering an estimated 5.000 casualties. André de Foix, wounded on the eyes, was amongst the prisoners. He was later released for a large ransom.
Aftermath.
This battle decided for good the future of Navarre as part of the Kingdom of Spain. The rest of the country was reconquered in the following days without meeting any resistance. Lower Navarre remained out of the reach of the Spanish at first, but suffered further Spanish inroads and on-off occupation during the next 7 years. In September 1521, King of Navarre Henry II backed by Francis I of France struck back with another mixed Franco-Navarrese expedition, this time targeting north of Navarre (Baztan), and Navarre's way out to the ocean, Hondarribia (Fuenterrabía), between 1521 and 1524, but without permanent success. Navarre remained a matter of international dispute and home to sporadic cross-border clashes still for a century, up to the reign of Henry III of Navarre (Henry IV of France).
There is today a monument on the battlefield, where on the last Sunday of June, supporters for the independence of Navarre meet every year.

</doc>
<doc id="5929393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929393" title="John Barnhill (American football)">
John Barnhill (American football)

John Henry "Barnie" Barnhill (February 23, 1903 – October 21, 1973) was an American football player and coach and college athletics administrator. He served as the head coach at the University of Tennessee (1941–1945) and the University of Arkansas (1946–1949), compiling a record of 54–22–5.
Coaching and administrative career.
Barnhill was the head coach for the University of Tennessee for four seasons from 1941 to 1945. He coached the team during World War II, managing the squad during the absence of General Robert Neyland who left for the War. During this period he led Tennessee to a record of 32–5–2.
In 1946, after Neyland's return to Tennessee, Barnhill was hired by the University of Arkansas as both head football coach and athletic director. Barnhill gave up the head coaching position in 1949 after being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. He continued as athletic director at Arkansas until 1971 and was responsible for hiring legendary head coach Frank Broyles who ultimately replaced Barnhill as athletic director.
Honors.
Barnhill Arena, the former men's basketball and current women's athletic facility at the University of Arkansas, was named for him. Barnhill is a member of both the Arkansas Sports Hall of Fame and the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5929409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929409" title="War of Words (Fight album)">
War of Words (Fight album)

War of Words is the first album from the heavy metal band Fight. It was released in 1993 on Epic Records.
Reception.
In 2005, "War of Words" was ranked number 386 in "Rock Hard" magazine's book of "The 500 Greatest Rock & Metal Albums of All Time".
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="5929411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929411" title="Nurzhan Kermenbayev">
Nurzhan Kermenbayev

Nurzhan Kermenbayev (Kaz:Нұржан Керменбаев) (born February 17, 1989 in Satpayev, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union (present Kazakhstan)) is a Kazakh singer who rose to popularity after winning (Contestant NO.360513) "SuperStar KZ 3", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol". Nurzhan is known as "Капкарашка" (Kapkarashka) as his nickname.
SuperStar KZ 3 performances.
Semi Finals: 
Top 12: "Billie Jean" by Michael Jackson
Top 11: "Небо" by Diskoteka Avariya
Top 10: "Если У Вас Нету Тёти" by Aleksandr Aronov
Top 9: "Bailamos" by Enrique Iglesias
Top 8: "Мәңгілікке" by Almas Kishkenbayev
Top 7: "Aïcha" by Outlandish
Top 6: "Алдайды" by Almas Kishkenbayev
Top 5: "Words" by FR David
Top 5:
Top 4: "Desert Rose" by Sting
Top 4: "Две Звезды" by Alla Pugacheva (with Nagima Eskalieva)
Top 3: "A Song for Mama" by Boyz II Men
Top 3: "Hafanana" by Afric Simone
Grand Final: "Сенен Баска"
Grand Final: "Любимая"
Grand Final: "Отан Ана" by Batyrkhan Shukenov

</doc>
<doc id="5929423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929423" title="Titi DJ">
Titi DJ

Titi Dwijayati (born May 27, 1966), known as Titi DJ, is an Indonesian pop singer. She was also one of the judges on "Indonesian Idol" from season 1 to 5.
Career.
Titi was born in Jakarta. She began singing on public television as a teenager, hoping a record company would notice. At age 17 in 1983, she represented Indonesia in the Miss World competition, but was not a finalist. Also a dancer, she performed with Guruh Soekarnoputra's Swara Mahardhikka troupe. She sang backup vocals for Chrisye and appeared in a few movies early in her career. She released her first solo album in 1984, "Imajinasi". Her singing career flourished in the 1990s, with the hit singles "Bintang-Bintang" ("Stars"), "Ekspresi" ("Expression") and "Salahkah Aku" ("Am I Wrong?"). Currently, she is one of the three Indonesian divas that formed a group together with Krisdayanti and Ruth Sahanaya called 3 Diva.
Personal life.
She was first married to actor Bucek Depp in 1995, with whom she has three children, twin daughters Salma and Salwa Mucthar and a son Daffa Mucthar. They divorced in 1997. Then she got married to American teacher Andy Dougharty in 1999, with whom she has one child Stephanie Dougharty. She divorced from Dougharty in 2006. She also had a previous six-year relationship with one of her musical collaborators, Indra Lesmana.
She married Indonesian rock singer Noviar Rachmansyah in 2007 and divorced it in August 2011 without additional child from both.

</doc>
<doc id="5929427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929427" title="Texas Monthly Talks">
Texas Monthly Talks

Texas Monthly Talks was a thirty-minute interview show on public television networks across the state of Texas hosted by Evan Smith, then Editor Emeritus of "Texas Monthly" magazine. Produced by "Dateline NBC" veteran Lynn Boswell, the show addressed contemporary issues in Texas politics, business and culture. Premiering in February 2003, the show was an original production of KLRU-TV, the PBS station serving Austin and Central Texas. In 2010 the series was succeeded by "Overheard", with the same format, host and producer; the renaming was necessary because Smith had resigned his position at the magazine and had become Editor in Chief of the "Texas Tribune".
On "Texas Monthly Talks" Smith regularly interviewed public figures from Austin and around Texas, such as Bill Powers, the president of the University of Texas at Austin, mayors Bill White of Houston, Tom Leppert of Dallas, and Texas Governor Rick Perry. His guests also included notables in national politics, such as presidential candidates Howard Dean, John Kerry, Bill Bradley, John McCain, Joe Biden, Mike Huckabee, Bill Richardson, Hillary Clinton, and John Edwards; in business, such as Southwest Airlines co-founder Herb Kelleher and Whole Foods Market CEO John Mackey; in the media, such as New York Times columnists Maureen Dowd and Frank Rich and newscasters Jim Lehrer, Walter Cronkite, Dan Rather, Bob Schieffer, and Tom Brokaw; and in entertainment, such as directors Francis Ford Coppola, John Sayles, and David Lynch, singers Ted Nugent and Billy Gibbons, novelist Salman Rushdie, and actresses Lauren Bacall, Lily Tomlin, and Debra Winger.
In 2006 the show won a Lone Star Emmy Award for interview program. In 2009 an episode with Billy Bob Thornton won a Lone Star Emmy for arts or entertainment program.

</doc>
<doc id="5929428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929428" title="Hemerocallis fulva">
Hemerocallis fulva

Hemerocallis fulva, the Orange Daylily, Tawny Daylily, Tiger Daylily or Ditch Lily, is a species of daylily native to Asia. It is very widely grown as an ornamental plant in temperate climates for its showy flowers and ease of cultivation. It is not related to true lilies, but gets its name from the similarity of the flowers and from the fact that each flower lasts only one day.
Biology.
It is an herbaceous perennial plant growing from tuberous roots, with stems 40–150 cm tall. The leaves are linear, 50–90 cm long and 1–2.8 cm broad. The flowers are 5–12 cm across, orange-red, with a pale central line; they are produced from early summer to late autumn on spikes of 10–20, with the individual flowers opening successively, each one only lasting one day. The fruit is a three-valved capsule 2–2.5 cm long and 1.2–1.5 cm broad which splits open at maturity to release the seeds.
Both diploid and triploid forms are known in the wild, but most cultivated plants are sterile triploids which only reproduce vegetatively by stolons or division. At least four botanical varieties are recognized, including the typical triploid var. "fulva", the diploid, long-flowered var. "angustifolia" (syn.: var. "longituba"), the triploid var. "Kwanzo", where the stamens are modified into additional petals, and the evergreen var. "aurantiaca".
Distribution.
Orange daylily is native to Asia from the Caucasus east through the Himalaya to China, Japan, and Korea. Orange daylily persists where planted, making them a very good garden plant. 
"Hemerocallis fulva" var. "fulva" has escaped from cultivation across much of the United States and parts of Canada and has become a weedy or invasive species. It persists also where dumped and spreads more or less rapidly by vegetative increase into woods and fields and along roadsides and ditches, hence the common name Ditch Lily. It forms dense stands that exclude native vegetation, and is often so common that it is mistaken for a native species.
Other Uses.
The tubers, inflorescences, buds and flowers can all be cooked and eaten. Dried or fresh flowers are used in Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, and Vietnamese cooking, and are known as golden needles.

</doc>
<doc id="5929438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929438" title="In This Home on Ice">
In This Home on Ice

"In This Home on Ice" is a song by Brooklyn-based indie rock band Clap Your Hands Say Yeah, from their eponymous debut album. The song was released as a single in the United Kingdom by Wichita Recordings on February 27, 2006. The single was backed with another track from the eponymous album, "Gimmie Some Salt," and a non-album track, "Cigarettes." The single reached #68 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5929439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929439" title="Meuthia Kasim">
Meuthia Kasim

Meuthia "Mukas" Kasim (born August 19, 1968) is a famous radio announcer in Indonesia. Meuthia judged in the first and second seasons of Indonesian Idol. During the second season of Indonesian Idol, Meuthia suffered from a stroke and has since retired from all public events thus far.
Meuthia is married to Bimbom Barkah, head of Universal Music Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="5929445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929445" title="Swamp Thing (film)">
Swamp Thing (film)

Swamp Thing is a 1982 American science fiction film written and directed by Wes Craven. It tells the story of scientist Alec Holland (Ray Wise) who becomes transformed into the monster Swamp Thing (Dick Durock) through laboratory sabotage orchestrated by the evil Anton Arcane (Louis Jourdan). Later, he helps out a woman named Alice (Adrienne Barbeau) and battles the man responsible for it all, the ruthless Arcane. The film was based on the DC Comics (later Vertigo Comics) character of the same name by Len Wein and Bernie Wrightson.
Synopsis.
In the swamps of Louisiana, Dr. Alec Holland works with his sister Linda on a top-secret bio-engineering project to create a plant/animal hybrid capable of thriving in extreme environments. Government agent Alice Cable arrives just as Holland makes a major breakthrough, and begins to develop feelings for him. However, a paramilitary group led by the evil Dr. Anton Arcane, who is obsessed with immortality, kills Linda while trying to steal the formula for their own purposes. During the attack, Alice escapes and Alec is covered in chemicals, caught on fire, and runs screaming in the swamp, presumably to die. However, he returns as a monstrously mutated plant creature. As the Swamp Thing, Holland battles Arcane's forces to protect Cable, and eventually takes on Arcane himself, also mutated by the Holland formula.
Production.
Filming occurred primarily on location in Charleston, South Carolina, and nearby Johns Island. The character of Alice Cable is a combination of two characters from the "Swamp Thing" comics, Matthew Cable and Abby Arcane (who in the comics married both Cable and Holland).
Reception.
"Swamp Thing" received generally average to positive reviews from critics, with the movie review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes giving the film a score of 64% based on 33 reviews. 
Author John Kenneth Muir notes that "Swamp Thing" differs in many respects from Craven's usual work, in that Craven's intent was to show the major Hollywood studios that he could handle action, stunts and major stars. Craven substituted his usual focus on the problems of the family and society for pure entertainment. Nevertheless, Muir points out, some of Craven's usual themes and images do appear in "Swamp Thing". For example, as in "The Last House on the Left" (1972), and "The Hills Have Eyes" (1977), Craven shows a close connection between the landscape and his characters. The film was adapted in comic form as "Swamp Thing Annual" #1.
PopMatters journalist J.C. Maçek III wrote "As much fun as this film can be (and it often is), it's equally often difficult to ignore that "Swamp Thing" ultimately is, at core, a rubber-suit monster movie."
Home media and controversy.
In August of 2000, MGM released the film on DVD in the United States. Though the DVD was labeled as being the PG-rated, 91-minute cut of the film, MGM had inadvertently used the 93-minute, international cut of the film (which contained more nudity and sexual content than the US theatrical cut) for the pressing. In May of 2002, a Dallas woman rented the disc from a Blockbuster Video store for her children and reported this discrepancy. MGM recalled the disc and reissued it in August of 2005, with the US theatrical cut as originally intended.
"Swamp Thing" was released in a Blu-ray Disc/DVD combo pack by Shout! Factory on August 6, 2013. The set features the 91-minute cut of the film presented in high definition anamorphic widescreen format, along with bonus content including interviews with Adrienne Barbeau, Len Wein, and Reggie Batts, as well as commentary tracks with Wes Craven and makeup artist Bill Munn.
Legacy.
Sequel.
A low-budget sequel entitled "The Return of Swamp Thing" was released in 1989.
Reboot.
In 2009, Joel Silver announced plans to produce a reboot of the "Swamp Thing" movie franchise from a story written by Akiva Goldsman. In April 2010, Vincenzo Natali was confirmed to direct, but on May 12, 2010, Vincenzo Natali decided to delay the "Swamp Thing" reboot to pursue other projects.

</doc>
<doc id="5929448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929448" title="SuperGrid">
SuperGrid

In lossless power transmission, a supergrid with hydrogen is an idea for combining very long distance electric power transmission with liquid hydrogen distribution, to achieve superconductivity in the power lines. The hydrogen is both a distributed fuel and a cryogenic coolant for the power lines, rendering them superconducting. The concept's advocates describe it as being in a "visionary" stage, for which no new scientific breakthrough is required but which requires major technological innovations before it could progress to a practical system. A system for the United States is projected to require "several decades" before it could be fully implemented.
One proposed design for a superconducting cable includes a superconducting bipolar DC line operating at ±50 kV, and 50 kA, transmitting about 2.5 GW for several hundred kilometers at zero resistance and nearly no line loss. High-voltage direct current (HVDC) lines have the capability of transmitting similar wattages, for example a 5 gigawatt HVDC system is being constructed along the southern provinces of China without the use of superconducting cables.
In the United States, a Continental SuperGrid 4,000 kilometers long might carry 40,000 to 80,000 MW in a tunnel shared with long distance high speed maglev trains, which at low pressure could allow cross continental journeys of one hour. The liquid hydrogen pipeline would both store and deliver hydrogen.
1.5% of the energy transmitted on the British AC Supergrid is lost (transformer, heating and capacitive losses), of which a little under two-thirds, or 1% on the British supergrid, represents "DC", resistive, heating type losses. With the use of superconductors, the capacitive and transformer losses, in the unlikely event the transmission lines were still overhead, AC lines, would remain the same. Overhead lines do not lend themselves at all well physically to the incorporation of cryogenic hydrogen piping, due to the likely weight of the transmission medium and the considerable brittleness of supercooled materials. It would probably be necessary for a supercooled hydrogen-carrying transmission line to be subterranean, and this in turn means that for such a cable, if it were of any distance (e.g. over 60 km), the power would have to be converted to DC and transmitted as such, since otherwise the capacitive losses would be too high. The power electronic losses in the AC/DC converter substations to convert the AC power at either end of the cryogenic cable to and from DC, if the transmission line(s) itself were DC, would also remain exactly the same as they would have been without the use of a superconducting transmission line - but the DC type resistive losses in the transmission lines would be rendered even smaller than at present.
Even before comprehensive continental and (in the case of the proposed European Super Grid) intercontinental backbones of electrical transmission may be realized, such cables could be used to efficiently interconnect regional power grids of conventional design.

</doc>
<doc id="5929452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929452" title="Indy Barends">
Indy Barends

Indy Barends (born 15 January 1972 in Bogor, West Java) is a famous radio and television host in Indonesia. She rose to popularity after hosting the talk show "Ceriwis" on Trans TV. replacing Meuthia Kasim. She is one of the four jury members in Indonesian Idol 3, replacing Meuthia Kasim.

</doc>
<doc id="5929457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929457" title="A Small Deadly Space">
A Small Deadly Space

A Small Deadly Space is the second and final full length studio album from the heavy metal band Fight, released first in Japan on April 12, 1995 with 11 tracks via Sony Music Entertainment.
Charts.
Album – "Billboard" (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5929465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929465" title="Bigmouth">
Bigmouth

Bigmouth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5929467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929467" title="KTMJ">
KTMJ

KTMJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5929473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929473" title="Talk 'N Text">
Talk 'N Text

Talk 'N Text is a cellular service of Smart Communications in the Philippines. This is formerly known as Mobiline and Phone Pal. By April 2000, Piltel launched its GSM brand, Talk 'N Text. Piltel also reported 16,590,737 subscribers to its GSM brand, Talk 'N Text, before its transfer to Smart. Piltel used the 912 area code for its AMPS/CDMA service. However, it is now used for Talk 'N Text.
Talk 'N Text is known for its low-cost packages, catering mostly to the mobile needs of the masses of the Philippines. From classics like Gaan Text 10 to unlimited offers like Unlitext Extra 30, Talk 'N Text provides a wide range of offerings in call, text, mobile internet, and other value-added services.
Products and Services.
The brand provides multiple services in SMS, Voice, Combo, Net and Load Services. Some of the brand's SMS services such as UnliTxt2all 20 provides subscribers unlimited texts to all networks, or GaanTxt10 with 100 SMS to TNT/Smart + 10 SMS to all networks. There are voice services as well such as Sangkatutok15 which offers 2 days 20 minutes call to TNT/Smart subscribers. Combo offers are aimed to utilize SMS and voice in one package. Such promos as the Unlitxt extra 30 offers subscribers free texts to TNT/Smart numbers for 3 days plus 15 minutes of call to TNT/Smart. Some combos may have certain peak periods such as the Unlitalkplus20 which features unlimited calls to TNT/Smart from 10pm to 5pm and unlimited texts to TNT/Smart for the whole day. There are also internet plans for prepaid mobile devices such as AlwaysOn which offers 45MB of data for P20 or the Facebook Mobile App which allows subscribers to access via the Facebook mobile app on java phones. There are also load services such as the Alkansya which gives subscribers the option of saving up their load and Pasaload which gives them the service of sharing load with others. 
But not just limited to services, Talk 'N Text also provides products aimed at servicing the needs of the consumer. as such, its products have been tailor made to suit the lifestyle of its subscriber base. The brand provides mobile phones, the latest being the Panalo Phone 2 which comes packaged with a Talk 'N Text SIM. The brand also provides individual SIMs capable of saving 450 phone numbers, stores 90 inbox text messages, comes with pre-loaded offers and pre-activated and ready-to-use when loading either via prepaid card or outlet.
The brand has also ventured into land line units dubbed 'Barangay Phone' which essentially is a wireless handset which can be used to text mobile phones and call anywhere in the Philippines. Such units are aimed specifically for households where mobile phones may be in the hands of only one or two members of the family. It has also been used as a community phone in centers.
The brand also sells ticket loads which by far may be the cheapest form of load card the brand offers. Priced at P10 it was designed to be highly accessible and may function as emergency load. Rates include P10 valid for 3 days, P15 valid for 15 days and P30 valid for 15 days.

</doc>
<doc id="5929479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929479" title="Another Ticket">
Another Ticket

Another Ticket is the seventh studio album by blues rocker Eric Clapton, released in 1981. It was his last album for Polydor Records.
Track listing.
All songs by Eric Clapton, except as noted.
Charts.
Album – Billboard (North America)
Singles – Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5929485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929485" title="Banu Jadhimah">
Banu Jadhimah

Banu Jadhimah was one of the Arabian tribes that interacted with Muhammad. It was "of Ta'if" and it is a branch of Banu Kinanah which is the mother tribe of Quraysh, the tribe of the prophet Mohammed
History.
They are the descendants of Jodhaimah ibn Aamir ibn Abdumanat ibn Kinanah ibn ("son of") Khuzaimah ibn Madrakah ibn Ilyas ( Elijah) ibn Madher ibn Nazar ibn Ma'ad ibn Adnan ibn Add ibn Send ibn Napyot ibn Ishmael ibn Abraham ibn Azar (Terah) ibn Nahoor ibn Srooj ibn Ra'o ibn Phaleg ibn Aber ibn Shaleh ibn Arpheckshad ibn Sam ibn Noah ibn Lamek ibn Motoshaleh ibn Edres (Enoch) ibn Yared ibn Mehlaiel ibn Qenan ibn Anosh ibn Sheeth ibn Adam.
Some men from Banu Jadhimah had killed Al-Fakih Ibn Al-Mughirah Al-Makhzumi, uncle of Khalid, and Awf Ibn Abd-Awf, father of Abdul Rahman, before the conquest of Mecca.
When Khalid led an expedition against the Banu Jadhimah, he persuaded them to disarm by acknowledging that they had become Muslims, and then killed some of them. When Muhammad heard of this, he declared to God that he was innocent of what Khalid had done, and sent Ali ibn Abi Talib to pay the survivors compensation to this Kinani tribe.
References.
[http://www.alnssabon.com/vb/showthread.php?p=14586]

</doc>
<doc id="5929491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929491" title="Pride Total Elimination 2005">
Pride Total Elimination 2005

Pride Total Elimination 2005 was a mixed martial arts event held by Pride Fighting Championships. This event marked the first round of the 2005 Pride Middleweight Grand Prix tournament. It took place on April 23, 2005, at the Osaka Dome in Osaka, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5929492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929492" title="Directa Decretal">
Directa Decretal

The "Directa" decretal was written by Pope Siricius in February AD 385. It took the form of a long letter to Spanish bishop Himerius of Tarragona replying to the bishop’s requests for "directa" on various subjects sent several months earlier to Pope Damasus I. It became the first of a series of documents published by the Magisterium that claimed apostolic origin for clerical celibacy and reminded ministers of the altar of the perpetual continence required of them. 
Background.
It is known that the First Ecumenical Council which took place at Nicaea included in its legislation a discipline of the priesthood known as clerical 'continence' or celibacy. This was the requirement of all priests and bishops to refrain from sexual contact with their wives or with any other woman. Thus, for a married man to become a priest, his wife had to agree to abstain from all sexual relations. This discipline added to the legislation of various councils, particularly the Council of Elvira, the date of which cannot be determined with precision, but believed to have been in the first quarter of the fourth century, in Spain. 
While priests of the East and West were required to refrain from all sexual contact by virtue of their presiding at sacrifices, it is obvious that this was an exceedingly difficult discipline to maintain. Just as the Levite priests of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem had been required to abstain from sexual contact (in order to achieve ritual purity) merely "for a lengthy period prior to" the periodic performance of the sacrifices of the temple, so the priests of the Early Church were required by ecclesiastical law to abstain from sexual contact. However, Christian priests presided at the sacrifice of the Eucharist every Sunday as well as the annual feasts of the various martyrs. Thus, Christian priests were not afforded by the Christian calendar periods in which they could be sexually active with their wives.
The "Directa" Decretal.
In the "Directa", the Pope dealt with the fact that clerics (deacons, priests, and bishops) were still living with their wives and having children, thus contravening the Council of Elvira and the First Ecumenical Council. Priests were justifying this by referring to the traditions of the Levitical priesthood of the Old Testament. Siricius was emphatic that clerical continence belonged to immemorial, even apostolic, tradition. He declared that priests had been under a duty to observe "temporary" continence when serving in the Temple, but that the coming of Christ had brought the old priesthood to completion, and by this fact the duty of temporary continence had become an obligation to "perpetual" continence. Fifteen points are studied in the decretal, but the key passage is that
Continence was required of all Christian priests by ecclesiastical law until the great schism, and is still required of Catholic priests today; many Eastern Catholic Churches do not require celibacy of their priests.

</doc>
<doc id="5929499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929499" title="W. H. Britton">
W. H. Britton

William Hamilton Britton (June 4, 1892 – November 29, 1982) was an American football and basketball coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Tennessee for one season in 1935, coaching in the absence of Robert Neyland, who left for active duty in the United States Army. Britton's career football record was 4–5. Britton was also the head basketball coach at Tennessee from 1926 to 1935, tallying a mark of 80–73.

</doc>
<doc id="5929514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929514" title="Nels Jacobson">
Nels Jacobson

Jagmo born Nels Jacobson, is a US artist and poster art historian born in Chicago in 1949. He moved to Austin, Texas in 1978 and began creating rock posters in 1981. For three years during the early 1980s Jacobson served as bar manager and promotional director for Austin’s Club Foot. He has designed posters for live-music venues such as Liberty Lunch, Cain's Ballroom and The Fillmore, and for performers such as Stevie Ray Vaughan, the Ramones, Divine, Roky Erickson, Etta James, Dead Kennedys, the B-52's, Bonnie Raitt, Joe Ely, Los Lobos, the Pixies, Iggy Pop, Willie Nelson, Fela Kuti, Jimmie Dale Gilmore and Jerry Jeff Walker. In 1987, Jacobson helped organize the Texas-U.S.S.R. Musicians' Exchange tour of the Soviet Union and accompanied the performers to Leningrad, Moscow and Kiev. He was the first art director for the South by Southwest (SXSW) Music Conference and designed the original logo. Jacobson was a founding Director of the American Poster Institute and the South Austin Museum of Popular Culture, and a board member of The Rock Poster Society (TRPS).
Selected writings.
Introduction to chapter about Flatstock 4 in "Rock Poster Show: Flatstock Volume One" (Soundscreen Design 2010) ISBN 978-0-9843028-0-2
“Rock Music Posters and the Law” from "Entertainment and Sports Lawyer" Volume 23/Number 1 (American Bar Association Spring 2005) ISSN 0732-1880 http://www.jagmo.com/articles/Posters_Law.pdf
”Foreword,” with Dirk Fowler, to "Swag 2: Rock Posters of the '90s and Beyond" by Spencer Drate and Judith Salavetz, (Harry N. Abrams, Inc. 2005) ISBN 0-8109-9235-3 
“Armadillos, Peccadillos, and the Maverick Posterists of Austin, Texas” from "Prints and Printmakers of Texas: Proceedings of the Twentieth Annual North American Print Conference" (Ron Tyler ed., Texas State Historical Association 1997) ISBN 0-87611-137-1 
“Faith, Hope & Parody: Campbell v. Acuff-Rose, ‘Oh, Pretty Woman,’ and Parodists' Rights” from the
"Houston Law Review" Volume 31/Number 3 (1994) ISSN 0018-6694 
"The Maverick Tradition: Postering in Austin, Texas, Part II" from "OFFtheWALL" Volume No. 1/Issue No. 3 (1992) http://www.jagmo.com/articles/index.html
"The Maverick Tradition: Postering in Austin, Texas, Part I" from "OFFtheWALL" Volume No. 1/Issue No. 2 (1991) http://www.jagmo.com/articles/index.html
“Austin Poster Art” from "The Austin Chronicle" Vol. III/No.23 (July 13, 1984) ISSN 1074-0740
"The Request" (a poem) from "Rolling Stone" Issue No. 292 (May 31, 1979) ISSN 0035-791X
References.
"Rock Poster Art" by Didier Maiffredy (Groupe Eyrolles 2013) ISBN 978-2-212-13470-4
"A Fistful of Rock & Roll: Real Rock for Real Rock Bands" by Sal Canzonieri (BGT ENT 2013) ISBN 978-1482385755
"Rock Poster Show: Flatstock Volume One" (Soundscreen Design 2010) ISBN 978-0-9843028-0-2
"Swag 2: Rock Posters of the '90s and Beyond" by Spencer Drate and Judith Salavetz, (Harry N. Abrams, Inc. 2005) ISBN 0-8109-9235-3 
"Art of Modern Rock" by Paul Grushkin and Dennis King (Chronicle Books 2004) ISBN 0-8118-4529-X
“Art Rock: Nels ‘Jagmo’ Jacobson” by Patty Gopez for The Live Buzz (Oct. 7, 2010) http://thelivebuzz.com
“Poster Art: Nels ‘Jagmo’ Jacobson's fortuitous relocation” by Liza Rush from "Design Bureau" by Alarm Press (June 23, 2010) http://alarmpress.com 
“60 Concert Posters from Ten Amazing Artists” by Robert Bowen from "Smashing Magazine" (September 28, 2008) http://www.smashingmagazine.com 
“Concert Poster Art: Austin, Texas Style” by Rush Evans from "Discoveries" Issue 94 (March 1996) ISSN 0896-8322
“A portrait of Austin’s past: Posters depict musical history since 1960s” by Pete Szilagyi from the "Austin-American Statesman" (July 4, 1992) ISSN 0199–8560 
“Tradition and Texas posters: ‘Jagmo’ fills the space between art, ads” by Don McLeese from the "Austin-American Statesman" (September 19, 1991) ISSN 0199–8560
“Signs of the Times” by Jill Becker from "Texas Monthly" (June 1991) ISSN 0148-7736
“Ten Days that Shook My World: Part II Kiev: On John Lennon’s Birthday” by Tom Chamberlain from "Current: San Antonio’s Newsweekly" (November 19–25, 1987) 
“Ten Days that Shook My World: Part I Leningrad: City that Peter the Great Built” by Tom Chamberlain from "Current: San Antonio’s Newsweekly" (November 12–18, 1987) 
“Local artists to act as ambassadors of good music” by Michael Point from the "Austin-American Statesman" (September 24, 1987) ISSN 0199–8560
“An Artist Against Apartheid” by Greg Stephens from "The Austin Chronicle" (August 15, 1986) ISSN 1074-0740

</doc>
<doc id="5929517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929517" title="Debonair">
Debonair

Debonair can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5929534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929534" title="Stella Ella Ola">
Stella Ella Ola

"Stella Ella Ola" is a clapping game played by two or more people in a circle.
The game.
Standing or sitting in a circle, two or more participants place their right hands over their neighbour's left hands and sing the song. Every beat, a person claps their right hand onto the right hand of the person sitting on their left, who then claps their hand to their neighbour's hand, until the song reaches a certain number, at which point if the person's hand is slapped, they are considered "out" and must stand or sit in the center of the circle, unless they pull their hand away fast enough. (In this case, the person who was trying to slap their hand is out.) Counting to ten also works. When there are enough people in the center of the circle to start a new game, they do so, creating a nesting effect as the internal circles get smaller and smaller. 
Since this is a very common game, many different rules exist depending on the conventions of its players. Some variations have the "out" person leave the circle and as the numbers decrease, the circle shrinks, until only two people are left. The last two then have a thumb war. The person who wins that round is declared the winner of the entire game. In Saskatoon the last two people will continue without a thumb-war. In some places, the last two remaining players play a modified game. One person slaps both their hands down, while the other slaps their hands up. They continue to alternate until the final count, where the person whose hands are on the bottom is out. In other versions, the person who got out in the final 3 will stand up and turn around. Then the final two will hold hands and alternate positions. At the end, the person who is turned around will say either top or bottom. The persons hand who is in that position wins. Another version is that the two final players grab each other's right hand just by the fingers and then hold their left hands out to the side. They move their linked right hands from side to side, hitting a left hand on each count. On the last count, if that left hand is hit, that child is out. If that child pulls their hand away, the other loses.
Canadian Versions.
Alberta.
Version from Edmonton, AB
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella stella ola, clack clack clack
Singin' es chica chica, chico chico chak chak
Singin' es chico chico, velo, velo, velo velo velova
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight!
</poem>
Version from Edmonton, AB
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella, ella ola, chap, chap chap 
Singin' es chigo chigo, chigo cigo chicken crap. 
Es chigo chigo, balony, balony, and purple flying ponys!
Singing one, two, three, four, five, six, seven eight, nine ten!
</poem>Version from St. Albert, AB
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap 
Singin' es chico chico, chico chico cracker jacker
Es chico chico, bologna, bologna, with cheesy macaroni
Singin' one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten! 
</poem>
Version #1 from Calgary, Alberta
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, tap tap tap
Singin' es teego teego, teego teego tap tap
Es teego teego, velo, velo, velo velo velova 
One, two, three, four, FIVE!
</poem>
Version #2 from Calgary, Alberta
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, tap tap tap
Singin' es teego teego, teego teego tap tap
Es teego teego, velo, velo, velo velo velo
Va, one, two, three, four, FIVE!
</poem>
Version #3 from Calgary, Alberta
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap,
Singin' es teego teego, teego teego tap tap
Es teego teego, baloney, baloney, cheese and macaroni
One, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Strathmore, Alberta
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, tap tap tap
Singing es teego teego, teego teego tap tap
Es teego teego bologna, bologna, with cheesy macaroni
Singing one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Saskatchewan.
Version from Regina
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Singin es chico chico, chico chico chap
Say hello, hello, I gotta blow my nose
Fire one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version From Saskatoon
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Say yes chico chico, chico chico chap
Say yes chico chico, allo, allo, allo allo allo 
Say one, two, three, four, FIVE!
</poem>
Version from Yorkton, Saskatchewan
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap, clap, clap
Say yes chico chico, chico chico chack
Say yes chico chico, allo, allo, allo allo allo
Saying one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
British Columbia.
Version from Vancouver, BC
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella stella ola, clap clap clap
singing es chica chica, chica chica chap
singing es chica chica, balogna, balogna, with cheese and macaroni
Fire one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from the Okanagan
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella stella ola, clap clap clap
Singin es chiga chiga, chiga chiga clap
Es chiga chiga, baloney, baloney, cheese and macaroni
Fire, one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Pitt Meadows, BC - Pitt Meadows Elementary School
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella stella old Dutch, quack quack quack
Singing es chigga chigga, chigga chigga chack
Singing es chigga chigga, velo, velo, velo velo velova
One, two, three, four, FIVE!
</poem>
Version from Maple Ridge, BC
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella stella ola, clap clap clap
Singing yes chica chica, chica chica chat
Say yes chica chica, bologna, bologna, cheese and macaroni
Fire one, two, three, four, FIVE!
</poem>
Version from Kitimat, BC
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella stella ola, clap clap clap
Singing es chico chico, chico chico chat
Singing es chico chico, fl-ow, fl-ow, fl-ow fl-ow fl-ow
Fire one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Port Coquitlam, BC
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Singin es jigga jigga, jigga jigga Jack
Singin es jigga jigga, below, below, below below below
Fire! One, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version #1 From Victoria, BC
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella stella ola, clap clap clap
Singin es cheeka cheeka, cheeka cheeka check
Singing es cheeka cheeka, below below below, below below below
Singing one, two, three, four, five
</poem>
Version #2 from Victoria, BC
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella stella ola, clap clap clap
Singin' es cheeka cheeka, cheeka cheeka shark attack
Singin' es cheeka cheeka, bologna, bologna, with cheesy macaroni
Fire one, two, three, four, FIVE!
</poem>
Version From Vernon, BC
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella stella ola, clap clap clap
Singing es chigga chigga, chigga chigga chap
Singing es chigga chigga, bologna, bologna, cheesy macaroni
Fire! One, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Manitoba.
Version #1 from Winnipeg, MB
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Singing es chico chico, chico chico flaperjacker
Es chico chico, bologna, bologna, with cheese and macaroni 
So one, two, three, four five!
</poem>
Version #2 from Winnipeg, MB
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Singing es chico, chico, chico chico crackerjack
Es chico chico, b-low, b-low, I got to blow my nose
So one, two, three, four, five
</poem>
Version #3 from Winnipeg, MB - Dalhousie Elementary School
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, clap, clap, clap
Singing es chico chico, chico chico crackerjack
Es chico chico, f-low, f-low, f-low f-low f-low
So one, two, three, four, five
</poem>
Version from Blumenort, MB c. 1990
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Singing es chigo chigo, chigo chigo crackerjack
Es chigo chigo, hello, hello, I gotta blow my nose
So one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Snow Lake, Manitoba
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap 
Singing es chico chico, chico chico crackerjack 
Es chico chico, elo, elo, I've really gotta go
Sing one two three four five
</poem>
Ontario.
Version from Brantford, ON
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Say s chigo chigo, chigo chigo chap
Say s chigo chigo, blow, blow, blow your dirty nose
Say one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Cambridge, ON
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, chop chop chop
With an es tigo tigo, tigo tigo chop chop
Es tigo tigo, b-low, b-low, blow your snotty nose
Singin' one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Fenelon Falls, ON
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Say es chigo chigo, chigo chigo chap
Say es chigo chigo, go blow, go blow, go blow your dirty nose!
Say one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Kitchener, ON
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, chop chop chop
Sing es tigo tigo, tigo tigo chop chop
Es tigo ti-go below, below, the toilet over flowed
Say one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version from London, ON
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Saying es chico chico, chico chico chap chap
Es chico chico, blow blow, blow your nose in cheerios
Saying one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version From Mississauga, ON
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, quack quack quack
Say yes chico chico, chico chico chat chat
Yes chico chico, fell-o, fell-o, the toilet over flows
So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version from Ottawa, ON 
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Say yes chico chico, chico chico chap
Say yes chico chico, my love, my love, my love my love my love!
Say one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Toronto, ON
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Say es chico chico, chico chico chat chat
Say es chico chico, below, below, the toilet over flowed
Say one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
'Version from Windsor, ON (LaSalle)
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Singing es chigo chigo, chigo chigo chop chop
Es chigo chigo, valo, valo, valo valo valo
Pow! One, two, three, four, FIVE!
</poem>
Version from Waterloo, ON
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, chop chop chop
Singin, es tigo tigo, tigo tigo chop chop
Es tigo ti-go, valo, valo, valo valo valo
Singing uno, dos, tres, quatro, cinco! Oooh!
</poem>
Version from Oshawa, ON
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella olla, clap clap clap
Sayin' es chigo chigo, chigo chigo chap chap
Es chigo chigo, bl-ow, bl-ow, blow Your {InsertName} nose!
Sayin' one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Yukon.
Version from Whitehorse, Yukon
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Say a yes chico chico, chico chico chap
Say a yes chico chico, aloa, aloa, the toilet over flowa
Say a one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Quebec.
Version from Montreal, Quebec
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, quack quack quack
Say a yes chico chico, chico chico chack
Say a yes chico chico, valora, valora, valo valo valo-ra
Say a 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10!
</poem>
Nova Scotia.
Version from Halifax, Nova Scotia
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Say yes chigga chigga, chigga chigga chap
Say yes chigga chigga, flow, flow, flow flow flow
Say 1 2 3 4 5!
</poem>
American Versions.
Version from America
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, alo alo
Say yes chigo chigo, chigo chigo cack chack
Es chigo chigo, vallo, vallo, vallo vallo vallo, the toilet over flowed
So one, two, three, four, five
</poem>
Version from Lafayette, OH
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Stella ella ola, meeola meeola
Eye chookie chico, chookie chookie chunk
Stella ella ola, meeola meeola
Eye chookie chico, mooshie mooshie mush,
So one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from West Virginia
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Alligator, alligator, chomp chomp chomp
Listen to the rhythm of the changa changa chop.
Fa-la, fa-la, fa-la fa-la fa-la, fa-la!
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version from Michigan
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Crocodile oh my, croc croc croc
Stacey majaka, jaka jaka jock
Oh, oh, you're too slow
One, two, three four, five, you're out!
</poem>
Version from Kalamazoo, MI
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Crocodile, oh my croc croc croc
Stacy Majiga, jiga jiga jock
Fa-low...fa-low...fa-low, fa-low, fa-low
Ohhh, one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Bismarck, ND
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Quack diddly oso, quack quack quack
Santo rico, rico rico rico, floor, floor, (floor by floor by floor)
One, two, three, four
</poem>
Version #1 from Richmond, VA
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddily oso, quack quack quack
Señorita, rita rita rita, aloha, aloha, cherry pepsi cola
And a one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version #2 from Richmond, VA
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, quack quack quack
Singin' es tiga tiga, tiga tiga jack jack!
Es tiga tiga, valo, valo, valo valo valova
One, two, three, four, five, you're OUT!
</poem>
Version from Pittsfield, MA
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
La rum macaroni tia terra, la rum 
a terra terra ti ti tia, terra terra ti ti tia
One, two, three!
</poem>
Version from Belmont, MA
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Ella stella ooh ga, shack shack shack
With an es tigo tigo, tigo tigo shack shack
Es tigo tigo, fallow, fallow, fallow fallow fallow-va
One, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Boston, MA
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack a dilly oh my, quack quack quack
Say cinco cinco, cinco cinco sack
Follow follow, follow follow follow
One, two, three, four, five
Six, seven, eight, nine, ten
</poem>
Version from Medway, MA
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Crocadiley oh my, croc croc croc
Say to the cheeco, cheeco cheeco cuck-a-lucka
Follow, follow, stick you head in jello, your face is turning yellow
Eat a marshmallow, dye your hair yellow
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten
</poem>
Version from Needham, MA
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Crodiley oh my, croc croc croc
Say cinco cinco, cinco cinco sock
Follow, follow, stick you head in jello, your face is turning yellow
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten
Red white and blue
</poem>
Version from Chesterton, Indiana
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, quack quack quack 
Say yes chica chica, chica chica check
Say yes chica chica, love, love, love love love 
One, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
'"Version from Nashua, NH
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Crocadilly oh so, croc, croc, croc
Dance to the triga, triga, triga, trot
Velo, velo, velo velo velo, vel-o
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8!
</poem>
"'Version from Pittsburgh, PA
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
With an es chica chica, chica chica slapjack
Go! slow! go slow! go slow!
One, two, three, four, out!
</poem>
'"Version from Philadelphia, PA
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Slap dilly oso, slap slap slap
To san-Rita, rita rita rita, allure allure allure allure allure a lura lura lura lura
One, two, three, four!
</poem>
"'Version from New Jersey
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
The dilly dally duck goes quack quack quack
From San Arena, rinna rinna rinna, four up four up
One two three four quack!
</poem>
Version from Tucson, AZ
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, clap clap clap
Say yes chico chico, chico chico chap
Say yes chico chico, aloa, aloa, aloa loa loa
Say one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Wisconsin
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Crocodile moray, croc croc croc
Ey cinco cino, cinco cinco soc soc
Ey cinco cino, malo, malo, malo malo malo!
One, two, three, four!
</poem>
Version from Washington (U.S. state)
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddly oso, quack quack quack
Singing sam-arico, rico rico rico, flora, flora, flora flora flora
One two three four!
</poem>
Version from Bay City, MI
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, quack quack quack
Es chica chica, chica chica chack-oh,
Es chica chica, love, love, love love love love
One, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Grand Rapids, MI
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Son Macaron, son Ferion, Marion, Marion,
Leah, Leah, tip tip tip, Leah, Leah, tap tap tap,
One beat, two beat, three beat, Catch!
</poem>
Version from Portland, ME
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddly oso, quack quack quack
santa rico, rico rico rico, galore, galore, galore galore galore galore
One two three four
</poem>
Version from Old Town, ME
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Clap dillioso, clap clap clap
Sing celerica, rica rica rica, velour, velour, velour velour velour velour
One two three four
</poem>
Version from San Carlos, CA
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack didily oso, quack quack quack
Say sam-a-rico, rico rico pizza, delore, delore, delore delore delore!
One, two, three, four!
</poem>
Version from Denver, CO
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella olla, quack quack quack
singin' es tiga tiga 
tiga tiga tap tap
es tiga tiga
valo valo valo valo valo fire 1-2-3-4-5!
</poem>
Version from Iowa
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddely esta, quack quack quack 
Boom señorita, rita rita rita, la bora, la bora, la bora bora bora
One, two, three, four, you're out!
</poem>
Version from Minneapolis, MN
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Obo shenaughten taughten, nay nay I am boom boom boom
Itty bitty aughten taughten, obo shenaughten taughten
Obo shenaughten taughten
Boom one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version from Iowa
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddly esta, quack quack quack
Boom señorita, rita rita rita, lavora, lavora, lavora vora vora
One, two, three, four!
</poem>
Version from Greensboro, North Carolina
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stell stell hola, quack quack quack
Singin' es ching-a ching, a-ching a-ching a-chack
Singin' es ching-a ching-a, flow, flow, flow flow flow
Sing a one, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Petoskey, MI
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Slap diddly oso, slap slap slap
Santorico, rico, rico, rico, alert, alert, red alert
One, two, three, four
</poem>
New York.
Version from Huntington, Long Island, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack dilly oso, quack quack quack
From San Diego, eggo eggo eggo, dalora, dalora, potatas on the floora
So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version from Centereach, Long Island, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddily oso, quack quack quack
From centerico, rico rico rico, dalore, dalore, potatoes on the floor dalore!
One, two, three, four!
</poem>
Version from Hartsdale, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddily oso, qua-a-ack
Oh señorita, your mama smells like pizza, I know, I know, I know I know I know
One! Two! Three! Four! (I declare a thumb war)
</poem>
Version from Camp Mack
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella ella ola, tap tap tap
Singing es chigo chigo, chigo chigo cracker jacker
Es chigo chigo, fa-low, fa-low, forgot to blow my nose 
Fire one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten
</poem>
Version from Academy of American Studies, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack a dilly oso, quack quack quack
Señorita, your mother smells like pizza, fellow, fellow, fellow fellow fellow
Hit it one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine...ten!
</poem>
Version from Bronxville, NY 
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quacka didly oso, quack quack quack
Señorita, your mama smells like pizza, delora delora, I'll kick you out the door-a
Singin' one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version from #1 Orange County, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddly oso, quack quack quack
Señorita, rita rita rita, dolor, dolor, dolor dolor dolor, dolor
One, two, three, four!
</poem>
Version from #2 Orange County, NY
<poem style="margin-left:2em">
Quack dilly oso, quack Quack Quack
Señorita, rita rita rita, valor, valor, the cat peed on the floor
Valor one, two ,three ,four
</poem>
Version from Lower East Side, Manhattan
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack didi oso, quack quack quack,
Señorita, your mama smell like pizza, kick it to your teacher, velo, velo, I'll kick you out the door, velo
Hit it! One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version from Bronx, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddly oso, quack quack quack 
Señorita, your mama smells like pizza, so give to your teacher
Flow, flow, potatoes on the floor 
Give me one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version from Ridgewood, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack didi Oso, quack quack quack
Señorita, your mother smells like pizza, velo, velo, velo velo velo
Hit it! One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version from Stuyvesant Town, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddly oso, quack quack quack, (hit it!)
Señorita, your mother smell like pizza, fellow, fellow, I'll kick you out the door
Fellow one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!</poem>
Version from Queens, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack-a-dilly oso, quack quack quack
Señorita, your mother smells like pizza, felor, felor, potatoes on the floor
Say one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten!
</poem>
Version from Brooklyn, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack a dilly oso, quack quack quaaack
Saint Theresa, your mother smell like pizza, so give it to your teacher, fellow fellow fellow, fellow fellow fellow
Hit it! One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, TEN!
</poem>
Version from Buffalo, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack-a-dilly oh my, quack quack quack
Dancing Katrina, trickle trickle track
Fellow, fellow, fellow fellow fellow
Fellow! One, two, three, four, five!
</poem>
Version from Great Neck, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
A quack a dilly osos, quack quack quack
From señorita, rita rita rite
V'lor, v'lor, I threw up on the kitchen floor
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, TEN!
</poem>
Version #1 from Rochester, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack a dilly ohma, quack quack quack
Hey chico chico, chico chico chack
Say follow, follow, stick your head in jello
And, one, two, three, four! (I declare a thumb war!)
</poem>
Version #2 from Rochester, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Croc a dilly oma, croc croc croc
Hey chico chico, chico chico chock
Say follow, follow, stick your butt in yellow jello
One, two, three!
</poem>
Version from Staten Island, NY
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack a dilly oso, quack quack quack
Señorita, your momma smells like pizza, dalor, dalor, I'll kick you out the door
Dalor one, two, three, four
</poem>
"Version from Riverdale
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack a dilly oso quack quack quack 
seniority your mama smells like pizza
belora belora i'll kick you out the doora 
saying 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10!
</poem>
Philippines.
Version from Manila, Philippines
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Quack diddly oso, so so so
Santo Rico, rico rico rico
Falor, falor, falor falor falor, falor!
One, two, three, four!
</poem>
Israel.
Version from Israel
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
A Qua Qua De La Oma
Qua Qua Qua Qua Qua Qua
Desi Matriko, Aba Sh'cha Kofiko
Eema Sh'cha Hippopotam, Ve'Ata Chamor Katan!
Va'Lo, Va'Ken, Tzoleh'ah Oo'Misken, Zaken -
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10!</poem>
Another version with clearly perverted French numbers):
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
A Qua Qua De La Oma
Qua Qua Qua 
Desi Matriko
Triko Triko tra
Va'Lo, Va'Lo, Va'Lo, Va'Lo, Va'Lo
Vaaaaaaaaaa-la,
1,2,3,4,5!
</poem>
Qatar.
Version from Doha, Qatar
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Stella Ella Ola,
Crack Crack Crack,
Singing Ess Tiga Tiga,
Tiga Tiga Snack Snack,
Ess Tiga Tiga,
Hello, Hello, Hello you little monkey,
1, 2, 3, 4, 5!!
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="5929537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929537" title="Cal Wilson">
Cal Wilson

Cal Wilson (born 5 October 1970) is a New Zealand stand-up comedian and radio and television personality. She currently lives in Melbourne, Australia in the suburb of Sunshine, and is well known in Australia through her appearances on television and radio.
Biography.
After attending high school in Christchurch, Wilson completed a Bachelor of Arts at the University of Canterbury. She co-founded the Court Jesters improv group in 1990 and was part of the New Zealand team that won the World Theatresports title in Los Angeles in 1994.
She moved to stand-up comedy full-time and in 1997 was the inaugural winner (with Ewen Gilmour) of New Zealand's most prestigious comedy award, the Billy T. She also regular appeared on TV3's "Pulp Comedy". In recent years she has been working from Melbourne, Australia.
In 2001 Wilson won the "Best Newcomer" Award at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival. She has appeared to critical acclaim at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. Her 2006 show "Up There, Cal Wilson" sold out at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival.
Television.
Cal Wilson has appeared on the Australian comedy shows "SkitHOUSE", "Rove Live", "Thank God You're Here", "Good News Week" and "Spicks and Specks" and the New Zealand TV show "7 days".
In 2002, she helped write the screenplay for the New Zealand sitcom "Willy Nilly".
In 2007, Wilson was part of the ensemble cast of the Australian sketch comedy TV show, "The Wedge".
In 2008, Cal was involved in the eighth series of the Australian version of "Dancing with the Stars" she was paired with series 7 winner Craig Monley and she was the 3rd eliminated contestant.
In 2010, she became host of the program "Sleuth 101" and she also took part in the Melbourne International Comedy Festival Great Debate, along with Fiona O'Loughlin and Arj Barker.
In 2012, she appeared as a guest on the UK comedy quiz show "QI (J series)" (Episodes 3 - Journeys, and 6 - Joints).
In 2013, she appeared as a team captain of Team Cal in Australian light entertainment television series "Slide Show".
In March 2014, she appeared as a guest celebrity in Australian television series "Have You Been Paying Attention?".
Radio.
In 2007, Wilson started as a co-host with Akmal Saleh on the drive time radio show, "The Akmal Show with Cal Wilson" (later called "The Wrong Way Home with Akmal, Cal and Ed") which aired on Nova FM Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide & Perth. Prior to taking the job, she had been a regular guest on the Triple M program, Get This.
In 2009, Wilson co-hosted Mornings on Nova 100 (Melbourne) alongside Dylan Lewis. However, in November 2009 Wilson resigned from Nova 100.
Personal life.
Wilson married Chris Woods in January 2008. She gave birth to their first child, Digby James Phillip Woods, on 15 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5929542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929542" title="Mission Bay Senior High School">
Mission Bay Senior High School

Mission Bay High School is a public school located in the San Diego, California community of Pacific Beach . It is a magnet school with emphasis on Academic Studies. The school recently introduced a new member of the staff, Principal Fred Hilgers in Fall 2009. [http://missionbayhigh.com/]
In Fall 2006, Mission Bay introduced International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme courses.
Mission Bay also has a nationally recognized Jazz program, directed by Jean-Paul "J.P." Balmat (formerly directed by Ray Vinole) . This program consists of three groups: the Concert Jazz Ensemble, the Intermediate Jazz Ensemble, and the Preservationists (formerly the Mission Bay High School Dixie Jazz Band). The Preservationists are the only of these to produce any recordings so far.
The racial make-up of Mission Bay High is American Indian - 13 (1%), Asian - 174 (10%), Black - 242 (14%,) Hispanic - 876 (52%), White - 369 (22%). Approximately 83% of the school is bused from other parts of San Diego such as Logan Heights, Sherman, Shell Town, Mount Hope, Lincoln Park, Valencia Park, Encanto, Skyline, Paradise Hills, City Heights & Scripps Ranch.
References.
Mission Bay Jazz Band Website

</doc>
<doc id="5929547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929547" title="Where Do You Go">
Where Do You Go

Where Do You Go may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5929550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929550" title="Mario Soto (footballer)">
Mario Soto (footballer)

Mario Soto Benavides (born July 10, 1950 in Santiago de Chile) was a Chilean football defender, who played for his native country in the 1982 FIFA World Cup. In total for his country he played 48 matches scoring 1 goal between 1975 and 1985. Soto is one of the biggest idols of Chilean club Cobreloa.
He became notorious in Brazil for his violent behaviour in the 1981 Copa Libertadores de América finals, against Flamengo -- which prompted Flamengo coach Paulo César Carpegiani to order forward Anselmo to knock him out at the last minutes of the match, after Flamengo had secured the title.
He also played for club football for Chileans CD Magallanes and Unión Española, and Brazilian side Palmeiras.

</doc>
<doc id="5929557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929557" title="Ram Pothineni">
Ram Pothineni

Ram Pothineni ("Rām Pōthinēni"; born on May 15, 1988) is an Indian film actor of the South Indian film industry. He hails from Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh.
Personal life.
Ram is the son of Murali Pothineni, the brother of noted film producer Ravi Kishore Pothineni, popularly known as Sravanthi Ravi Kishore. He was born in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, but was brought up in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. He did his schooling at Chettinad Vidyashram and St.Johns School, Chennai.
Career.
Ram made his debut in 2006 with "Devadasu" and the film went on to become a blockbuster, running for 175 days in over a dozen centers. His second film, "Jagadam" was directed by Sukumar. Though it did not do well at the box office, it received critical acclaim. He then appeared in "Ready" alongside Genelia D'Souza directed by Srinu Vaitla with the film becoming a huge success, prompting remakes into other Indian languages and catapulting him to the big league.
In 2009, he had two releases, "Maska" and "Ganesh Just Ganesh", the latter was not successful at the box office. "Maska" had one of the biggest openings at the time, collecting over 2.5 crores on the opening day and recovering its investment within the first week. In 2010, Ram had only one release, "Rama Rama Krishna Krishna", produced by Dil Raju and directed by Srivaas. Ram's next film "Kandireega" was a big blockbuster of 2011 and Ram proved to be the man of the masses along with his lover boy image. His next latest release was "Endhukante Premanta" with Tamannaah, directed by Karunakaran and produced by Sravanthi Ravi Kishore. The movie was shot in the beautiful lavish locales with a huge budget but it turned out to be an average grosser.
In 2013, Ram had yet another release, Ongole Githa with Kriti Kharbanda directed by Bhaskar and produced by B.V.S.N. Prasad. The movie was released on February 1, 2013 was sold for a record price in Ram's career despite the result of his previous film. This film garnered a superb opening but couldn't live up to its hype. He next starred with Daggubati Venkatesh in "Masala", the remake of the Hindi film "Bol Bachchan" which was directed by K. Vijaya Bhaskar and jointly produced by Sravanthi Ravi KIshore and Suresh Babu.
In 2014, a new film has been launched on 11th Jan ,2014 in the direction of Gopi Chand Malineni that will be produced by Paruchuri Kireeti on United Movies Banner .

</doc>
<doc id="5929567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929567" title="Mario Soto">
Mario Soto

Mario Soto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5929592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929592" title="Humfrid">
Humfrid

Humfrid was the Count of Barcelona, Girona, Empúries, Roussillon, and Narbonne from 858 to 864. He also bore the title Margrave of Gothia ("Gothiæ marchio"), as he held several frontier counties. 
He was a Hunfriding by birth, with no connection to Gothia. He was probably Hunfrid III, the second son of Hunfrid II, "dux super Redicam" (duke over Rhaetia). He rebelled against Louis the German, the King of East Francia, and was forced to flee to Charles the Bald, the King of West Francia, to whom he was one of the few to remain loyal during the vicissitudes of the 850s. He was appointed count and margrave of several counties in the "Marca Hispanica" by Charles, possibly as early as 854 and no later than 858. 
In 858, Humfrid negotiated a treaty of peace with Abd al-Rahman, the Moorish governor of Zaragoza, and marched into Gaul to the assistance of Charles. He arrived at Beaune in February and he did homage to the king on 21 March. He then joined Charles in making war on the Norsemen. Louis took this as an opportunity to invade the country and Humfrid assisted Charles in fending him off. In September, Humfrid regrouped with his forces at Beaune before joining in the defeat of Louis at Saint-Quentin on 15 January 859. 
During the campaigning of 858, Humfrid had been enfeoffed with the County of Autun and been created Margrave of Burgundy. 
In 856, the Moors captured the castle of Terrassa near Barcelona. In 861, they besieged Barcelona itself, but Humfrid bought them off and renewed the treaty with the consent of Charles. It was to last for three decades. 
In 862, Charles named his son Charles the Child as King of Aquitaine. This was opposed by the nobles, who, with the exception of Humfrid, did not support the young Charles in his subsequent rebellion. The elder Charles accused Humfrid of disloyalty. On 19 August, Humfrid was deposed. He was not to give up, though. He took Toulouse and killed Count Raymond I in the fighting. Charles responded by confiscating Humfrid's Burgundian lands. Even the pretender Pepin II of Aquitaine led a band of Norsemen in an attack on Toulouse, but was repulsed. Humfrid then fled to Italy, and from there to Swabia, where, in 872, he was a count in Zürich. He was alive as late as 876.

</doc>
<doc id="5929608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929608" title="Voyeurs (album)">
Voyeurs (album)

Voyeurs is the only album by 2wo, a musical collaboration between Judas Priest vocalist Rob Halford and former Red Square Black / future Marilyn Manson / current Rob Zombie guitarist John Lowery also known as John 5. Nine Inch Nails' Trent Reznor receives executive-producer credit, with the actual production duties being handled by Bob Marlette and Skinny Puppy's Dave Ogilvie. "Voyeurs" is stylistically similar to the Red Square Black - "Square" EP (1994) which was produced and co-written by Marlette and featured Lowery on guitar.
The so-called "pre-Reznor Mixes" of "Voyeurs" were made available as a free download at Rob Halford's official website in 2002. The download package included "Shout" and "Scream", which remain unreleased. Also included was a demo of "Silent Screams" which was later recorded for Halford's "Resurrection". Though the album was unsuccessful in sales, it gained a cult following years later.
Videography.
Halford hired porn director Chi Chi Larue to direct the video for the first single "I Am a Pig". This video featured grainy S&M scenes of the band and various porn stars, including a few brief glimpses of Janine Lindemulder, in a sex dungeon. It also incorporates some of the album's artwork into the concept. It was not widely shown for its content, but was not banned. "Stutter Kiss" was planned as the next video/single, after appearing on several high-profile soundtracks, but was shelved after the album proved commercially unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="5929612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929612" title="Necaxa River">
Necaxa River

The Río Necaxa, or Necaxa River, is one of the main rivers of the Mexican state of Puebla. Beginning south of Huauchinango with the name Totolapa, it runs through tall mountains and deep canyons forming the waterfalls known as Salto Chico y Salto Grande; its flow is also used for generation of hydroelectric power.
The Necaxa River rises in the state of Puebla and extends to Veracruz. Together with four other rivers: El Tejocotal, Los Reyes, Patla, and Tenango, Necaxa produces a total of 172 million litres of water generating electrical power not only for Puebla, but for the states of Tlaxcala, Hidalgo, Estado de México and the Federal District, in addition to many people in the center of the country; The Necaxa is located inside Puebla, and feeds the Tepexi River, that runs to the west of the state, and constitutes one of the flows of the Necaxa, which travels through a tunnel to the Río de Patla, serving various municipalities of the Northern Mountain Range, such as Patla y Chicontla, then enters the state of Veracruz, where it traverses the municipalities of Cuahuitlán, Coyutla, Espinal, Papantla, Gutiérrez Zamora and Tecolutla, increasing its volume upon uniting with other forks, forming the Río Tecolutla, which flows out to the Gulf of Mexico in the municipality of the same name.
The River's use.
The Necaxa River is not known for activities such as adventure tourism, as it is usable only by people trained in the discipline.
From Mexico City, take the Mexico-Tuxpan road and drive to Tulancingo. Then drive to Huauchinango with final destination to "El Salto" (the location of a CFE's hydroelectric plant).
This single river is adapted for navigation, as the generating plant opens its floodgates to the full flow of the river to permit boats to pass against the current.
The Necaxa is a Class III River.
The river's route offers beautiful views of the landscapes in its creeks.
One disembarks in the town of Chicontla. It is necessary to load the boats approximately 750 before the centre of the town to be able to access other transport.

</doc>
<doc id="5929613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929613" title="Chai Wan Park">
Chai Wan Park

Chai Wan Park () was one of the largest park in Hong Kong. Located in Chai Wan of Hong Kong, it occupied 6.55 hectares. Completed by Urban Council in 21 April 1993, the park is now managed by Leisure and Cultural Services Department, a department of Hong Kong Government.
History.
The park was the former site of Chaiwan Campsite of The Boy Scouts Association, Hong Kong Branch (present-day The Scout Association of Hong Kong) in 1929. The hill in the site thus known as Tung Kwan Shan (童軍山, lit. Scout Hill) in Cantonese language. In 1970, the Government decided to develop Chai Wan and the associate returned the site to the government and got a site in Tai Tam in exchange. The hill was demolished in 1980s and the shore nearby was reclaimed for the construction of the park.
The park was opened in 1993.
Facility.
The park is with a lily pond in the middle.

</doc>
<doc id="5929621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929621" title="Ōkina otomodachi">
Ōkina otomodachi

Connotation.
Many people in Japan, both otaku themselves and non-otaku, tend to think that it is allowed but not encouraged for one to be an "ōkina otomodachi", assuming that those works are for children, not for them. Adults who love children’s books such as "Mary Poppins" or "Moomin" are not usually considered as improper, but the same is not necessarily true for those who love anime or manga such as "Mary Bell" or "The Star of Cottonland", even though they are similarly well-acclaimed fantasies.
Commercial exploitation.
On the other hand, some anime that seem to be (mainly) for children are also (partly) aimed at "ōkina otomodachi". Fan service in a show that is supposed to be for children is often clear indications that it is also aimed at otaku. Many anime that are aimed at children are also—from a marketing perspective—created for "ōkina otomodachi", because the latter are the ones who have more money and actually buy expensive DVDs for themselves. The show may even have particular high-quality merchandise, such as figures, that is more specific to adult fans. Due to the decrease in the number of children in Japan, it is not as easy as it was to produce a show purely aimed at children, and "ōkina otomodachi" is getting more important as a marketing target.

</doc>
<doc id="5929632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929632" title="Canoas Sport Club">
Canoas Sport Club

Canoas Sport Club, usually known as Canoas is a Brazilian football club from Canoas, Rio Grande do Sul, founded by the Lutheran University of Brazil (in Portuguese, Universidade Luterana do Brasil - ULBRA). The club is also active in futsal. The club was originally named Sport Club Ulbra and then Universidade Sport Club.
History.
On January 26, 1998, the club was founded by the Lutheran University of Brazil as Sport Club Ulbra. The club started with volleyball, futsal, handball, and athletics sections.
In 2001, the club started its football department, and joined the Rio Grande do Sul Football Federation.
In 2002, Ulbra competed in the Campeonato Gaúcho Third Division and the Second Division, because the competition's regulation allowed a club to play in both divisions in the same year. The club also participated in the national third division, the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C for the first time. The club was eliminated in the quarterfinals by Marília.
In 2003, the club won the Campeonato Gaúcho Second Division, and was promoted to the First Division for the following season. The club again competed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. Ulbra was eliminated in the second stage by another club from the same state, RS.
In 2004, Ulbra was the Campeonato Gaúcho's runner-up. The club beat Grêmio 3-1 in the semifinals, but was defeated by Internacional in the final. The club competed again in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and was eliminated by Hermann Aichinger in the second stage.
In 2005, the club entered the national cup competition, the Copa do Brasil, for the first time. Ulbra was eliminated in the first round by Treze. In 2006 the club competed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, but was eliminated in the second stage of the competition, and in 2007, the club was eliminated in the third stage of the championship.
The club was renamed to Universidade Sport Club in December 2009. The club was renamed to Canoas Sport Club on November 26, 2010.
Football.
Stadium.
The club's home matches are usually played at Complexo Esportivo da Ulbra stadium, which has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.
Colors.
The club's colors are blue, white and red.
Other sports.
Besides football and futsal, Canoas also has other sports sections, such as volleyball, judo, basketball, tennis, athletics and trampolining.

</doc>
<doc id="5929639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929639" title="Where Do You Go (La Bouche song)">
Where Do You Go (La Bouche song)

"Where Do You Go" is a song written by Peter Bischof and Franz Reuther. It was first recorded by Eurodance band La Bouche in 1995 as an album-only song from their "Sweet Dreams" album. A cover version by Europop group No Mercy, taken from their eponymous debut album in June 1996, was released as their first single and became a hit in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Ireland and various other countries.
The song was released in the United States in 1996, becoming a top ten hit on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 5. UK and Ireland saw a release in January 1997, where it spent 15 weeks on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 2, while reaching the top position in Ireland.
Content.
Where do You Go is a dance track with a 4/4 rhythm structure, running at a speed of 127 beats per minute. It is built around a drum beat that was sampled from the Todd Terry remix of the song "Missing", by English act Everything But The Girl.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Hannes Rossacher and premiered in September 1996. It was filmed in Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5929657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929657" title="CKIX-FM">
CKIX-FM

CKIX-FM is an FM radio station in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, broadcasting at 99.1 MHz. The station is owned by Newcap Radio, and currently broadcasts a contemporary hit radio format as 99.1 Hits FM.
History.
Launched by CHUM Limited on October 15, 1983, CKIX-FM originally carried a country music format known as "Country 99 FM" and then later in the 80s as "KIX Country". Newcap acquired CKIX and sister station CJYQ from CHUM in 1989, and evolved the brand slightly to "KIXX Country". The studios were relocated from Duckworth Street in 1991 to 208 Kenmount Road (which the Capital Hotel now occupies). 
Throughout the 1990s the station enjoyed good ratings with their Hot Country format and seasoned morning show announcers such as "Snuffy" Jackson, Blair Burke, Brian O'Connell, Andy Newman and Paul Magee. During the summer of 1995 Barry Crocker and Napolean Montbourquette converted the entire music library to digital as ITC automation was introduced to the station, eliminating several positions in the process. This also ended KIXX's long time affiliation with the overnight national request show "Cryin' Lovin' or Leavin'" hosted by Shelley Fraser. 
On Monday, February 17th, 2002, Newcap converted its recently acquired VOCM-FM from hot AC (Magic 97) to classic rock (K-Rock). As an unexpected side effect, CKIX's audience dropped significantly. Moreover, rival station OZ FM, which carried a combination of CHR and classic rock music at the time, elected to retain that hybrid format rather than move into the former Magic 97 niche. As a result, on the 28th of June, Newcap dropped CKIX's longtime country format in favour of contemporary hits as "Hits FM". Originally the morning show included the Paul Magee and Erin Chase, but by the summer of 2003 managed to lure away longtime OZ FM radio host Randy Snow. The country music format moved to 590 VOCM, in line with Newcap's other AM stations across the province. The "KIXX" format and branding would eventually be revived on CHVO-FM, a Carbonear station which covers part of the St. John's market, in 2008.
Soon after CKIX became Hits FM, an image appeared on the Internet showing a "HITS FM" van with its side door open, modifying the HITS in the logo to "SHIT". The station subsequently produced a promo that played off this picture. [http://meekermedia.blogspot.com/2007/02/hits-van-agust-2002.html
By January 2012, regarding CHOZ-FM's format shift back to hot adult contemporary, the station returned to their contemporary hit radio format as it has been always a reporter to the Canadian top 40 panel.
"Missing 9" contest.
In late August 2008, CKIX temporarily began identifying itself as "9.1 Hits FM"; its actual broadcast frequency had not changed (although the "9.1" was also used in the station's legal IDs). Promotional signs throughout the listening area were also modified to appear as though the "9" had been removed. No reason for the change was given until September 8, when it was revealed that the missing digit had been "abducted" and hidden somewhere in the station's listening area, prompting a scavenger hunt-style contest where the abductor periodically "hijacked" the station's signal to provide clues to find a physical "9" object, and the station providing a $10,000 reward for its safe return.
The "9" was found on October 6 in the back of a pick-up truck adjacent to a private self-storage facility in a St. John's suburb, and returned to the station that morning. However, a video later posted by the station indicated that the truck only arrived at that location that day, generating some controversy and complaints to the station.
A later investigation by the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council's Atlantic Regional Panel revealed that the "9" had been located in a storage locker at the aforementioned self-storage facility (without the knowledge of that facility, presumably to ensure that employees of that facility could not gain an unfair advantage), with the intention that the clues would allow a listener to access that locker and retrieve the object. While some listeners were apparently able to identify the facility, they were unsuccessful in retrieving the digit, prompting the facility to post a "no trespassing" sign disavowing any relationship to the Hits FM contest. According to the station, this forced the relocation of the item.
The CBSC panel later ruled that CKIX-FM's handling of the "Missing 9" contest – specifically placing the object such that it was not reasonably accessible to the public at the outset, and later moving the object in contradiction of the broadcast clues – violated Clause 12 of the Canadian Association of Broadcasters’ Code of Ethics. That clause states that "on-air contests and promotions shall be conceived and conducted fairly and legitimately and particular care shall be taken to ensure that they are not misleading". As is standard practice for CBSC violations, the station was required to announce the decision twice during peak listening hours.

</doc>
<doc id="5929663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929663" title="CMT Country Countdown USA">
CMT Country Countdown USA

CMT Country Countdown USA is a nationally syndicated weekly country music top-30 chart countdown program hosted by Lon Helton. 
Debut.
The show premiered in April 1992. The program began as the brainchild of Westwood One Chairman Norman J. Pattiz who assigned the project to his programming VP, Gary Landis. Although Westwood One had several country programs, mainly through its co-owned Mutual Broadcasting System, the company didn’t have a weekly country countdown show. 
At the time, the leader was American Country Countdown with Bob Kingsley (now hosted by Kix Brooks). It was a traditional countdown show modeled after Casey Kasem’s American Top 40. Other shows on the air at the time included Unistar’s Weekly Country Music Countdown with Chris Charles (no longer on the air) and TNN’s Crook & Chase Top 40 (still on the air). The latter two included pre-recorded interview clips with artists, while ACC was strictly a scripted show (although interviews would later be added).
Format.
Landis' concept was simple: A DJ and a country star co-host would count down the week’s top 30 and talk about the songs and artists in the chart. Gary first began looking for talent. Numerous DJs were considered, before they decided on "Radio & Records"' Country Editor, Lon Helton. Gary called Lon directly and offered him the job. The country star was a more difficult decision. No single country star was willing to commit to a 52-week schedule. So the decision was made to have a different country star act as co-host every week. It would be a three-hour show, playing the week’s Top 30. Unlike other syndicated shows at the time, the show featured only three commercial breaks per hour, and a music sweep at the top of the hour, based on the formats of most country radio stations.
Landis then looked for a producer to oversee the program. Mutual Broadcasting System Senior Producer George Achaves quickly jumped at the chance. George had worked with Lon on a short-lived weekly country show called “Listen In.” He also did Mutual’s holiday country specials with WHN DJ Lee Arnold. Lon’s office manager, Jo Pincek, was tapped to handle artist relations. The show became the first Westwood One show to be delivered exclusively on compact disc. 
History.
When Country Countdown USA began on April 4, 1992, the show had about 75 affiliates, including WYNY-FM New York and KLAC Los Angeles. The first co-host was Steve Wariner, who was enjoying his first hit on the new Arista Records Nashville label, “The Tips of My Fingers.” The song ultimately went to #1. Other co-hosts during the shows first year included Reba McEntire, Trisha Yearwood, and Brooks & Dunn. The show’s unique live sound and funny conversation quickly made it a favorite with the “hot new country” stations that were becoming popular. It wasn’t long before the show became one of the biggest country shows in the USA, and one of the most popular syndicated shows in Westwood One’s line-up.
Features.
Regular features in the show include The Week’s Hottest Song, which was originally based on a feature in Radio & Records. The newspaper eliminated the feature in the late 90s, but it was kept in the radio show, basing it on the song in the Top 5 with the most increased points. During the early years, the show also featured disc jockeys from the show's affiliates talking about upcoming concert attractions in their area before introducing a hot-breaking song at their station (always a song that had yet to reach the top 30).
One popular new element in recent years has been taking tape clips of previous co-hosts talking about artists in the chart, and playing them for those artists. This allowed listeners to get unique insights into their favorite stars. 
The last two weeks of December feature CCUSA's annual year-end countdown. A "Top 70 program" split in two parts (songs 36-70 in Week 1, the top 35 in the following show), Helton features interview highlights from the past year, plus a "live" interview with the artist having the No. 1 song of the year. Stations can play each three-hour program separately, while many often will play both parts -- as a six-hour program -- during at least one of the two weekends. 
Success.
The success of Country Countdown USA and the continued boom in country music led to the creation of several other regular country shows at Westwood One. At the time, the company did a new release show for pop radio hosted by Joel Denver called Future Hits. So Norm Pattiz asked his staff to create a Country Future Hits. The show, also produced by CCUSA producer George Achaves, was named Country’s Cutting Edge, and it debuted in 1993. The first host was Brad Chambers, program director of the influential Dallas station KPLX. That same year, Lon Helton suggested to Norm that some highlights from CCUSA could be turned into a daily 90-second show. That show was named Country’s Inside Trak, and was launched as a companion to the weekly show.
Over the years, Lon Helton hosted numerous country specials for Westwood One. Country Takes Manhattan was a week-long live concert series broadcast live from venues in New York. The Country Freedom Concert was a live simulcast of the CMT concert special which raised funds for victims of 9-11.
In 2002 the show was renamed CMT’s Country Countdown USA, as part of the newly launched collaboration with CMT. When "Radio & Records" was merged into Billboard in 2006, CMT's Country Countdown USA continued using the Mediabase 24/7 chart, which is also used by Bob Kingsley's Country Top 40. Concurrently, in August 2006 Lon exited Radio & Records to launch his own Country trade publication, Country Aircheck.
Awards.
CCUSA host Lon Helton was named the National Air Personality of the Year by the Country Music Association in 2002 and 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010, and 2012. He won the same award from the Academy of Country Music in 2009 and 2012. In 2006, Lon was inducted into the Country DJ Hall of Fame in Nashville, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="5929667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929667" title="Justinian (novel)">
Justinian (novel)

Justinian (ISBN 0-8125-4527-3), was published in 1998 by Tor Books. It is a novel by American writer Harry Turtledove writing under the pseudonym H. N. Turteltaub, a name he used for a time when writing historical fiction.
Plot summary.
The book is in the format of a fictional memoir written by Byzantine Emperor Justinian II, with brief interludes from a soldier named Myakes, who was close to Justinian throughout much of the emperor's life. The book follows Justinian's time before and after taking the throne, as well as his overthrow, mutilation and exile in the Crimea, his subsequent return to power (following a possibly apocryphal nose-job), his insane quest for revenge, and his finally being unseated a second time and executed. Myakes, who'd been blinded and exiled to a monastery after Justinian's final defeat, listens as a fellow monk named Brother Elpidios reads the memoir out loud, and occasionally interrupts with commentary or criticism. In the end, Elipidos, who'd been contemplating writing his own history, hides the book as he believes he could not properly separate the good from the evil in Justinian's life. 
Historical Accuracy.
H. N. "Harry Turtledove" Turteltaub has a doctorate in Byzantine history, and most of what's in the book is historically accurate. The parts that are pure conjecture, such as certain names and the way Justinian's mutilation was taken care of, are mentioned as being conjecture in the Author's Note.
Major themes.
The central theme of the book seems to be "power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely", but this is not necessarily the case. Justinian is a man who believes he can do no wrong. After all, he's on the throne because God wants him to be there. If he's acting in the name of God, how can he be doing evil?
Another central theme of the book is the importance of religion in the 700s. Justinian's father is shown convening a synod, and both Justinian and his father lead battles against the newly arisen Muslim faith. The Popes, who are considered by many in Constantinople to be merely the Bishop of Rome, are shown as not having as much influence then as they would have in later centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="5929678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929678" title="Still Life (US band)">
Still Life (US band)

Still Life was a 3-piece rock band originally from Moorpark, California and then the San Fernando Valley, California. They are credited for helping pioneer the first wave of what is often referred to as emo/emocore /screamo bands in this subgenre that is rooted in punk rock. They started in the late 80s with the name Monster Club. They changed their name in 1991 after the departure of the original lead singer Rick Rodney who joined the band Strife. They were active until 2003 when all of their instruments were stolen from Chris Pitzel's truck parked on the street in front of their house after a show. Former Members Paul Rauch and David Pitzel have started a new band named Old Ground and continue to use Still Life's label, Sunflower Tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="5929694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929694" title="Husayn Al-Musawi">
Husayn Al-Musawi

Husayn Al-Musawi (also Hussein Musawi) is a Lebanese who founded the now-dissolved pro-Iranian Islamist militia Islamic Amal in 1982. He was a Shia, but he left Shia and wrote his book "Lillaah Tsumma lit Tarikh".
Musawi was a "chemistry teacher turned militia commander" who became the deputy head and official spokesman of the Amal movement/party/militia, Lebanon's largest Shi'ite movement.
On June 21, 1982 he defected from Amal to start the Islamic Amal splinter group, operating out of Baalbek, Lebanon. Musawi disapproved of Amal leader Nabih Berri's participation in the first session of the six-man Lebanese National Salvation Committee, his acceptance of "U.S. diplomatic efforts to end the Israeli siege of West Beirut, which was also Amal's strong hold," and his opposition to the pledging of pan-Islamic allegiance by Amal to Iranian Revolutionary Islamist leader Ayatollah Khomeini.
Under his leadership, Islamic Amal captured a Lebanese Gendarmerie barracks on November 21, 1982, during the Lebanese Civil War. Overpowering the Gendarmerie under the command of Sheikh Abdullah, he then turned it over to the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps.
Musawi was a strong supporter of Iran. Musawi's pro-Iranian position was in part a reflection of having been trained in Iran and having been one of the elite protégés of Mostafa Chamran, the Iranian Defense Minister who had worked in Lebanon with Amal before the Shah's overthrow.
We are her [Iran's] children. We are seeking to formulate an Islamic society which in the final analysis will produce an Islamic state. ... The Islamic revolution will march to liberate Palestine and Jerusalem, and the Islamic state will then spread its authority over the region of which Lebanon is only a part.` 
Musawi was also a prominent member of Hezbollah (where he served on the consultative council.)
When then French and American MNF peacekeeping force was attacked by suicide bombers killing over 300 he denied responsibility but expressed his admiration
"I salute this good act, and I consider it a good deed and a legitimate right, and I bow to the spirits of the martyrs who carried out this operation" 
He is also reported to have been involved in the kidnapping of foreigners in Lebanon during the Lebanon Hostage Crisis, holding the victims in the village of Ras al-Ein, in the Beqaa Valley of East Lebanon.
In 1986 Iranian officials pressured Husayn Al-Musawi to dissolve Islamic Amal. He refused. Others date Islamic Amal being subsumed by Hezbollah much earlier. Robin Wright says the two groups were "effectively becoming one under the Hizbollah label," by August 1983 when they infiltrate West Beirut's poor Shi'ite suburbs, while by "by late 1984" Hezbollah "had absorbed" Islamic Amal along with "all the known major extremist groups." 

</doc>
<doc id="5929697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929697" title="Jamapa River">
Jamapa River

The Río Jamapa is located in the Mexican state of Veracruz, forming in Citlaltépetl (also known as Pico de Orizaba) and pouring into the Gulf of Mexico in the municipality of Boca del Río (Mouth of the River).

</doc>
<doc id="5929701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929701" title="Lassalle">
Lassalle

Lassalle is a surname, and may refer to:
"Not to be confused with La Salle."

</doc>
<doc id="5929717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929717" title="Debonair (magazine)">
Debonair (magazine)

Debonair (founded 1971) is an Indian men's magazine, originally modeled after "Playboy".
The magazine, best known for its topless female centerfolds, was launched by Ashok Row Kavi and Anthony Van Braband. Under editor Derek Bose, "Debonair" was reformatted to remove nudity and target a younger demographic in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5929720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929720" title="Oliver Waterman Larkin">
Oliver Waterman Larkin

Oliver Waterman Larkin (August 17, 1896, Medford, Massachusetts – December 17, 1970) was an American art historian and educator. He won the 1950 Pulitzer Prize for History for his book "Art and Life in America".
Biography.
Larkin was the son of Charles Ernest Larkin, a collector and dealer of antiques, and Kate Mary Waterman. He had two brothers and a sister. He was born and grew up in Medford, Massachusetts, and later Georgetown, Massachusetts, where in 1914 he graduated with honors from the Perley Free School. By this time he had already begun to show his interest in the arts. He enrolled in Harvard University where he majored in French and Latin. He received his B.A. in 1918. He won several scholarships as an undergraduate and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa in his senior year. He served in the United States Army from 1918 to 1919 during World War I, as a private in the Medical Corps of the 73d Infantry Regiment. He obtained his M.A. from Harvard in 1919. He would return two years later as an assistant fine arts. During this time he also directed plays and designed scenery for Lincoln House in Boston. Larkin married on July 30, 1925, to Ruth Lily McIntire of Dedham, Massachusetts. They had one son together, Peter Sidney.
Larkin began teaching art history at Smith College from 1924. He was inclined to teach on account of his father and encouraged by his art teachers at Harvard. He was an associate professor by 1926, and in 1931 a full professor. He briefly also taught at Iowa State University in 1925 and 1926. He was later named Jessie Wells Post Professor of Art. In 1950 and 1955 Larkin lectured for European students at the Harvard Student Council's seminars on American studies in Salzburg, Austria. Larkin retired from Smith College in 1964, as professor emeritus.
Writing career.
Larkin authored numerous articles and book reviews, contributing to many publications including "Theatre Arts", "Magazine of Art", "Saturday Review of Literature", "College Art Journal", "School and Society", "Antiques", "Stage", and the "William and Mary Quarterly". He is best known, however, for his work "Art and Life in America". He began work on the book in 1944, at the suggestion of his publisher, but rewrote it at least three times over the next five years. The work traces the development of American art from the seventeenth century on, wherein he considers not only the chronological developments but also following cultural and social changes. He also gives particular attention to the idea of democracy. It is actually a series of six books, divided by period and each further broken down into two or three sections. It was published in fall 1949 to much critical acclaim. In 1950 the work won the Pulitzer Prize for History. It was the first time a work on the history of visual arts had won the award. "Art and Life in America" was further revised and expanded in 1960. Color plates were added and it was updated to include art in the 1950s. He later wrote two more books, both of which were about artists. The first, "Samuel F. B. Morse and American Democratic Art", focused on Morse's early career as a painter. The second, written after his retirement, was "Daumier, Man of His Time", which related the works of Honoré Daumier to the art movements of his time.

</doc>
<doc id="5929733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929733" title="Benoit Benjamin">
Benoit Benjamin

Lenard Benoit Benjamin (born November 22, 1964) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 1st round (3rd overall) of the 1985 NBA Draft. A 7'0" center from Creighton University, Benjamin played for nine NBA teams in 15 seasons from 1985-2000. He played for the Clippers (1985–91), Seattle SuperSonics (1991–93), Los Angeles Lakers (1993, 1999 preseason), New Jersey Nets (1993–95), Vancouver Grizzlies (1995), Milwaukee Bucks (1995–96), Toronto Raptors (1996), Philadelphia 76ers (1998–99) and Cleveland Cavaliers (1999).
Benjamin's best year as a professional came during the 1988-89 NBA season as a member of the Clippers, appearing in 79 games and averaging 16.4 ppg. In his NBA career, he had a .541 field goal percentage, recorded 4,604 defensive rebounds and 1,581 blocks and averaged 11.4 points and 2.0 blocks per game.
He is the Clippers' career leader in blocked shots (1,117) and in blocked shots per game (2.75).

</doc>
<doc id="5929740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929740" title="My Little Girl">
My Little Girl

My Little Girl is a 1986 American drama film that was released in the U.S. in 1987. The film was the directorial debut of Connie Kaiserman and Abigail Hernandez' first major motion picture. It was the final movie performance of Oscar-winning actress Geraldine Page.
Plot.
Franny Bettinger (Masterson) has had a privileged and wealthy upbringing. One summer she takes a job at a halfway house where she finds herself personally affected by the people she meets. Despite facing hostility due to her background, Bettinger becomes determined to teach the youngsters that they are important and can succeed in life. Unfortunately, she faces opposition from her parents and from her supervisor.

</doc>
<doc id="5929753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929753" title="Jack S. Blanton">
Jack S. Blanton

Jack Sawtelle Blanton (December 7, 1927 - December 28, 2013) was an American oil industry executive, civic leader and philanthropist.
He was born in Shreveport, Louisiana, the son of William N. Blanton (June 23, 1890 – November 27, 1967) and Louise G. Wynn (September 21, 1898 – July 5, 1989). Blanton was raised in Houston, Texas, where his father was general manager of the chamber of commerce. After attending Lamar High School, Blanton earned a B.A. at the University of Texas at Austin (UT) in 1947 with a double major in government and history, and an L.L.B. at UT Law School in 1950.
That same year, Blanton went to work for Eddy C. Scurlock at Scurlock Oil Company in the Division Order Department. He rose through the company ranks to become its president in 1958, and eventually CEO and chairman in 1983, a year after the company was sold to Ashland Oil. He retired from his position in 1988 to become the president of Eddy Refining Company, his current job.
He has had three wives. Blanton was married to Laura Lee Scurlock (June 4, 1928 – August 6, 1999), daughter of Eddy C. Scurlock; the Laura Lee Blanton Building at Southern Methodist University is named for her. On October 14, 2000, he and Lucinda B. Bailey (November 4, 1934 – March 2, 2002) were married. He and Virginia "Ginger" Nelson were married on November 30, 2002. He and Laura Lee Scurlock Blanton had three children, Elizabeth Louise Blanton (born February 1, 1951); Jack Sawtelle Blanton, Jr. (born July 28, 1953); and Eddy Scurlock Blanton (born May 25, 1955).
Blanton has been a civic leader in Houston, where he served as the chairman of the board of Houston Endowment Inc. He also served on the boards of the Methodist Hospital Healthcare System, the Texas Medical Center, the Houston Zoo, and the Jesse H. Jones School of Management at Rice University, among many others. From 1985–1991, he was a Regent of the University of Texas, appointed by Governor White. He served as chairman from 1987–1989. During this time, Blanton had a hand in influencing the Texas Legislature to support more generously the University of Texas System.
During the oil and real estate crises of the 1980s, Blanton served as chairman of the Greater Houston Chamber of Commerce, where he notably helped resolve conflict with effective communication and good working relations.
In 1997, the University of Texas at Austin renamed its art museum the Blanton Museum of Art in his honor after receiving a $12 million donation from Houston Endowment Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="5929755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929755" title="Gary Newbon">
Gary Newbon

Gary Newbon (born 1945 in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire) is a television sports presenter and executive.
He attended Culford School near Bury St Edmunds (in the same year as John Motson) and upon leaving school he became a junior reporter in Cambridge and then a freelance Fleet Street journalist reporting on tennis and rugby union. He began his television career at Westward TV in the 1960s, and then as an ATV sports reporter for their ATV Today programme in the early 1970s. The continuing illness of his boss, Controller of Sports Billy Wright, the former England football captain meant that he and a small team - including Trevor East - had to carry out Wright's functions whilst covering up the extent of his ill-health. He himself later became Controller of Sports (West Midlands) for ATV and, later, Central Television, Newbon reported on football and hosted boxing and darts programmes for the ITV network, whilst hosting sports coverage on ATV and Central, while also presenting sports reports on the regional news programmes and performing his executive role. Newbon conducted post-match interviews, including a memorable exchange with Brian Clough after Nottingham Forest had lost 4-0 to Everton, when Newbon's question about Forest's lack of commitment was replied to with ""Because they're just like you and me, Gary - a bunch of pansies"", after which Clough kissed Newbon on the cheek and walked off. Newbon sparked a controversy in 1983 when he appeared to show two fingers to the QPR manager.
Now retired from ITV after 36 years, he is currently a Sky Sports presenter. He hosted the football phone-in show You're On Sky Sports, which is usually scheduled immediately after the evening's main game. He hosts live greyhound racing on Sky Sports as well as Time of Our Lives.
In 2004 he presented a phone-in show on UK national radio station talkSPORT, "Final Whistle", which was broadcast on Saturdays between 5.00pm and 8.00pm after the day's league fixtures. The show is now presented by Terry Christian and Micky Quinn.
But Newbon is back on talkSPORT with weekend breakfast programmes from August 2008
He became well known as a roving reporter for ITV Sport, especially in obtaining match reactions from players in the tunnels during UEFA Champions League games. His role was later filled by Gabriel Clarke.
After his ITV Sport reporter job, Gary joined up with Central Television and became the Central Sports reporter on Central's flagship news programme Central News at Six, before being replaced by Sarah Jane Mee and Matt Teale in 2005. He also led the ITV Sport team at his time at Central, during which they won various awards for their UEFA Champions League, Formula One coverage and sports documentaries.
Gary subsequently returned to Central's screens as a pundit on Central Soccer Night in 2005 before moving to his current job at Sky Sports.
Newbon is a Leicester City fan and was seen wearing a Leicester shirt when he was ordered to Tamworth F.C. after saying on Central Soccer Night that Tamworth would not progress to the FA Cup 2nd Round, which Tamworth in fact did, and which ended up seeing Newbon at the Lamb Ground having kicked at him in jest.
Gary and his wife Katie live in Solihull. They have three children: Clare Newbon, a journalist for Grazia magazine; Neil Newbon, an actor who has had numerous film and television appearances, including an appearance as an English waiter in the award winning British comedy "Goodness Gracious Me", and a film role acting opposite Stephen Fry; and Lawrence Newbon, twin brother of Neil.

</doc>
<doc id="5929767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929767" title="Welton Gite">
Welton Gite

Welton Gite is a bass guitarist, composer and arranger.
Gite moved to New Orleans at age 11 and began playing bass at the age of 12. He moved to Los Angeles in 1975 and began his 20-year road musician journey, touring with many artists from all genres of music, such as Marvin Gaye, Marlena Shaw, Billy Preston, Willie Bobo, Ronnie and Hubert Laws, Alphonse Mouzon, The Jacksons, Cheryl Lynn, Luther Vandross, Thelma Houston, Sister Sledge, Shalamar, John Kay & Steppenwolf and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="5929771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929771" title="CBN-FM">
CBN-FM

CBN-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador on 106.9 MHz. The station was launched in 1975, just two years before OZ FM. It is part of the CBC's Radio 2 network.
Local programming is currently limited to weather updates, as well as a pre-broadcast of the local Radio One station's Saturday afternoon cultural program, "The Performance Hour", on Saturdays at 11:30 a.m. The latter airs primarily to fill time, as some Saturday afternoon programs are timed to air live in both the Atlantic and Eastern time zones. Among Radio 2 stations, only CBN-FM and Halifax's CBH-FM air any long-form local programming of this type.
Two national Radio 2 programs currently normally originate from St. John's: the weekday editions of "Radio 2 Morning", as well as the weekend folk/roots program "Deep Roots", both hosted by Tom Power.

</doc>
<doc id="5929802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929802" title="Dessau (disambiguation)">
Dessau (disambiguation)

Dessau may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5929807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929807" title="Lisa Lân">
Lisa Lân


</doc>
<doc id="5929808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929808" title="Dessauer">
Dessauer

Dessauer is a German surname meaning "from Dessau". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5929813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929813" title="Tuxpan River">
Tuxpan River

The Tuxpan River in Mexico flows into the Gulf of Mexico near the city and port of Tuxpan de Rodríguez Cano in the state of Veracruz. Its principal sources are the Vinazco, which rises in Hidalgo, and the Pantepec, which rises in Puebla, both of which enter the territory of Veracruz before the city of Álamo, in the municipality of Temapache, uniting to form the Tuxpan, which has become an important passage for harbor access, strengthening the region's economy. Passing the city of Tuxpan it forms the lagoon of Tampamachoco close to its mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="5929822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929822" title="Peter Szatmari">
Peter Szatmari

Peter Szatmari (born 1950) is a Canadian researcher of Autism and Asperger syndrome. 
Szatmari is a Professor and Vice-Chair, Research, Department of Psychiatry and Behavioural Neurosciences, at McMaster University. He is also the Director of the research training program in the department, and a member of the Offord Centre for Child Studies. Dr. Szatmari is Editor of the journal, "Evidence-Based Mental Health", and serves on the editorial boards of several other journals.
Szatmari is known for his writings on Aspergers genetics, infant studies, and PET and MRI studies. He is also known for his diagnostic criteria for Asperger syndrome.
Szatmari helped to set up the Pervasive Developmental Disorder (PDD) team at Chedoke Child and Family Centre, a regional diagnostic and treatment program for children with a PDD diagnosis, in Hamilton, Ontario.
Szatmari is currently part of the Autism Genome Project.
Diagnostic criteria for Asperger Syndrome.
Dr. Szatmari's diagnostic criteria were published in 1989 and cover five main areas: Solitary (i.e. lack of friends), impaired social interaction (i.e. difficulty relating to others), impaired nonverbal communication (i.e. not understanding body language), odd speech patterns (i.e. different use of words), and that Asperger Syndrome does not meet the criteria for autistic disorder as defined in the DSM-III-R.
Szatmari suggests that AS was promoted as a diagnosis to spark more research into the syndrome: "It was introduced into the official classification systems in 1994 and has grown in popularity as a diagnosis, even though its validity has not been clearly established. It is interesting to note that it was introduced not so much as an indication of its status as a 'true' disorder, but more to stimulate research ... its validity is very much in question."

</doc>
<doc id="5929825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929825" title="Rosa 'Queen Sirikit'">
Rosa 'Queen Sirikit'

"Rosa" 'Queen Sirikit' is a hybrid rose of Konigin der Rosen and the Golden Giant Rose. It was first introduced in 1968. Two years later it won the First Prize in a rose competition in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Andre Hendricx, Director of "Grandes Roseraiea du Val de Loire", asked permission from Queen Sirikit of Thailand to name the rose after her.

</doc>
<doc id="5929831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929831" title="Steve Harris (basketball)">
Steve Harris (basketball)

Steve Harris (born October 15, 1963) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Houston Rockets in the 1st round (19th overall) of the 1985 NBA Draft. A 6'5" shooting guard from the University of Tulsa, Harris played in 5 NBA seasons from 1985 to 1990. He played for the Rockets, Golden State Warriors, Detroit Pistons and Los Angeles Clippers. 
In his NBA career, Harris played in 207 games and scored a total of 1,440 points. His best year as a professional came during the 1987-88 season when he split time with the Rockets and Warriors, appearing in 58 games and averaging 9.2 ppg.

</doc>
<doc id="5929833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929833" title="Eric Clapton and the Powerhouse">
Eric Clapton and the Powerhouse

Eric Clapton and the Powerhouse was a British blues studio supergroup formed in 1966.
History.
The Powerhouse was formed with full intention of being a short-lived studio project. In 1965 and 1966, American record producer Joe Boyd was in the process of opening a London office for Elektra Records and was looking for some British talent to feature on the first release from the label's local division; a sampler compilation album. Manfred Mann's singer Paul Jones suggested putting together an all-star band to mark the occasion.
The band starred Eric Clapton (on guitar), and featured Paul Jones (harmonica) and Jack Bruce (bass) from Manfred Mann, Steve Winwood (vocals) and Pete York (drums) from the Spencer Davis Group, and Ben Palmer (piano) who had previously played with Clapton and Jones as a member of The Roosters. Originally, Ginger Baker was intended to fill the drummer's position, but he was unavailable at the time.
"What's Shakin'".
The Powerhouse only recorded a few songs in March 1966 (produced by Boyd), three of which were released on the Elektra compilation album "What's Shakin alongside tracks by The Lovin' Spoonful, Al Kooper, Tom Rush and The Butterfield Blues Band. The album was later reissued in the UK under the title "Good Time Music".
The tracks included were "Crossroads" (R. Johnson), "Steppin' Out" (M. Slim) and "I Want to Know" (S. McLeod). There was a fourth song recorded, a "slow blues", but to this day it remains unreleased. "The slow blues was never issued, so they must have it on tape at Elektra somewhere," said Clapton in a March 1968 interview, printed in "Guitar Player" magazine in 1992. "It was pretty good, too."
Due to contractual constraints, Winwood was credited as "Steve Anglo" in the original album's liner notes. It has also been suggested that the song "I Want to Know" was in fact written by Jones under a pseudonym named for his wife, Sheila McLeod.
After the Powerhouse.
Many members of the Powerhouse would later play together as members of other bands. Bruce and Clapton formed Cream in 1966 with Ginger Baker, and Palmer later joined them as their tour manager. Clapton and Winwood have appeared together on numerous occasions, most notably from 1968-1969 as two-quarters of Blind Faith, with Ric Grech and again Ginger Baker.
Some of the Powerhouse recordings have also been re-released: "Crossroads" was included on Winwood's compilation album "Winwood" in 1971, under the name Powerhouse; "I Want to Know" was included on Clapton's compilation "The History of Eric Clapton" in 1972, as The Powerhouse; and both were released together on Winwood's compilation "The Finer Things" in 1995, credited simply to Eric Clapton. "Crossroads", "I Want to Know", and "Steppin' Out" were included in Jack Bruce's anthology "Can You Follow?" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5929851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929851" title="Campbell Hall (Metro-North station)">
Campbell Hall (Metro-North station)

The Campbell Hall Metro-North station is located just south of the eponymous hamlet in the town of Hamptonburgh in Orange County, New York. It is served by trains on the Port Jervis Line, which either go west to Port Jervis or south to Hoboken, 65.6 miles (106 km) away. Travel time to the latter is around an hour and a half. As with most of the Port Jervis Line stations, this station serves not only Campbell Hall, but customers from such surrounding towns as Goshen, Chester and Montgomery.
Situated amidst farms and fields, it is the northernmost Metro-North station west of the Hudson River, as the line begins to curve in a southerly direction just west of the station. Facilities used to be rather minimal, but recent renovations by the MTA have given it similar amenities to other stations along the line: decorative lights, a longer platform roof and an elevated platform at the east end of the station for access by riders in wheelchairs. In the course of these, however, parking is no longer free. A permit/meter system like those at other stations has been instituted.
The station is located at the end of Watkins Road, off Egbertson Road a short distance from NY 207 near its intersection with NY 416. This is also where the Wallkill Valley Railroad once connected to the main line via a still-used wye, and Middletown and New Jersey Railroad still runs freight operations up to customers in Montgomery and the end of the tracks in Walden with its recent takeover of local freight operations from Norfolk Southern. As a result, not only is Campbell Hall the only double-track station besides Harriman and Otisville on the Port Jervis Line (with a wooden platform allowing passenger access to the long siding that goes through the station and some distance past it in case trains have to use it), it has become a small yard for the freight carrier, with unused stock stored along several sidings at and just west of the station. This is all easily visible from the platform, and local railfans sometimes come here on weekends or middays (when passenger service is limited) to watch any action that might be going on.

</doc>
<doc id="5929853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929853" title="Moryntsi">
Moryntsi

Moryntsi () is a village ("selo") in central Ukraine. It is located in the Zvenyhorodka Raion (district) of the Cherkasy Oblast (province), approximately 35 km from the raion's administrative center, Zvenyhorodka.
The great Ukrainian poet Taras Shevchenko was born in Moryntsi in 1814. The peasant house in which he was born has been restored and functions as a museum of his life.
History.
Remains of the Chernyakhov culture have been found in the area of Moryntsi. The first recorded mention of the settlement was in 1648.

</doc>
<doc id="5929858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929858" title="Dessoir">
Dessoir

Dessoir is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5929863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929863" title="Bernard White (actor)">
Bernard White (actor)

Bernard White (born June 8, 1959) is a Sri Lankan-born American actor, screenwriter and film director. A 1977 graduate of Detroit Catholic Central High School, he graduated from Michigan State University. He was previously married to American actress Julia Campbell and French actress Nathalie Canessa-White. He also founded plymouth, an experimental theater company in Hollywood, California. He was raised in Detroit, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="5929872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929872" title="Alan Brown (Australian politician)">
Alan Brown (Australian politician)

Alan John Brown (born 25 January 1946), Australian politician, was a Liberal member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly and Leader of the Opposition from 1989 to 1991.
A local businessman before entering politics, Brown entered the Legislative Assembly at the 1979 election as the Liberal member for the now abolished seat of Westernport, in western Gippsland, easily defeating Doug Jennings who had been expelled from the Liberal Party in 1977. Brown served on the backbench during the Hamer and Thompson governments.
After the Liberals lost government at the 1982 election Brown was promoted to the shadow ministry where he served as Shadow Minister for Youth, Sport and Education, Shadow Minister for Housing and Aboriginal Affairs and Shadow Minister for Transport under the leadership of Jeff Kennett. However after the Liberals were narrowly defeated at the 1988 election many Liberals became unhappy with Kennett's leadership, and those opposed to him in the party room managed to install Brown as leader. While Brown failed to take full advantage of the various crises involving the Labor government, he did successfully negotiate a Coalition agreement with the Nationals with whom relations were traditionally poor in Victoria. The Liberals had come up five seats short of winning the 1988 election, and it was thought that they would have won if not for a number of three-cornered contests in rural areas. 
In 1991, Kennett's followers, with Kennett's tacit support, organised a partyroom coup against Brown. When the spill motion carried, Brown opted not to recontest, allowing Kennett to take the leadership unopposed. As a concession to Brown, Kennett kept him on the frontbench.
After the Liberals were returned to power after the 1992 election Brown served as Minister for Public Transport. In late 1996 the Kennett Government appointed him as Agent General for Victoria. The resulting by-election in his safe seat of Gippsland West (Westernport having been renamed in 1985) was won by Independent Labor candidate Susan Davies who would go on to play an decisive role in defeating the Kennett government.
Brown remains prominent in his local community and unsuccessfully ran for the Bass Coast Shire Council (Hovell Ward) in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5929878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929878" title="Ittifaq al-Muslimin">
Ittifaq al-Muslimin

Ittifaq al-Muslimin ("The Union of the Muslims"; , "", ) was a liberal-democratic party of Muslims in Russian Empire. The party was formed after "The First Congress of Muslims of Russia" and the party line was similar to Kadets. It was dominated by Volga Tatar intellectuals, but also included Azeri and Crimean Tatar representatives.
The main elements of Ittifaq's program were constitutional monarchy, recognition of democratic freedoms, distribution of state available land and landowners' redeemable land to peasants, equality of religions, restitution of mosques and madrassas belongings to Muslims, etc.
The founders of Ittifaq were Äbüsoğud Äxtämev, Yusuf Akçura, Säyetgäräy Alkin, Ismail Gasprinski, R. İbrahimov, Alimardan Topchubashov, Sälimgäräy Canturin, Äxmäthadi Maqsudi, etc. Permanently worked Central Committee and Central Bureau were elected. Ittifaq played a major part within Muslim fraction of State Duma of the Russian Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="5929880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929880" title="Sweet Charles Sherrell">
Sweet Charles Sherrell

"Sweet" Charles Sherrell (born Charles Emanuel Sherrell, March 8, 1943) is an American bassist known for recording and performing with James Brown.
Biography.
Born in Nashville, Tennessee, Sherrell began his career playing drums with fellow Nashville residents Jimi Hendrix and Billy Cox, practicing at a club a block from Hendrix's residence. Sherrell learned to play the guitar by washing the car (a Jaguar) of Curtis Mayfield in exchange for guitar lessons. Sherrell soon began teaching himself to play the bass after buying one from a local pawn shop for $69, which led him to join Johnny Jones & The King Kasuals Band, Aretha Franklin's backing group. 
Sherrell joined James Brown's band in August 1968, replacing Tim Drummond after Drummond contracted hepatitis in Vietnam. He played on some of Brown's most famous recordings of the late 1960s, including the #1 R&B hits "Say It Loud - I'm Black and I'm Proud", "Mother Popcorn", and "Give It Up or Turnit a Loose". Brown credited him with being his first bassist to incorporate playing techniques such as thumping on the strings that were adopted by other players, including Bootsy Collins. In the 1970s, Sherrell rejoined Brown and performed with The J.B.'s. He later played with Al Green and Maceo & All the King's Men. He also released some recordings under the name Sweet Charles, including his first solo album, "Sweet Charles: For Sweet People", on James Brown's label People Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5929881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929881" title="Khizr Khan">
Khizr Khan

Khizr Khan ibn Malik Sulaiman (reigned 1414–21) was the founder of the Sayyid dynasty, the ruling dynasty of the Delhi sultanate, in northern India soon after the invasion of Timur and the fall of the Tughlaq dynasty. He was known to be an able administrator. He did not take up any royal title from fear of Amir Timur and contended himself with the titles of "Rayat-i-Ala" (Sublime Banners) and "Masnad-i-Aali" or (Most High Post). During his reign, coins were struck in the name of Amir Timur and after his death in the name of his successor Shah Rukh. After his death on 20 May 1421, he was succeeded by his son Mubarak Khan, who took the title of "Muizz-ud-Din Mubarak Shah".
Ancestry and early life.
A contemporary writer Yahya Sirhindi mentioned in his "Takhrikh-i-Mubarak Shahi" that Khizr Khan was a descendant of the Prophet of Islam, but his conclusion was based only on a testimony of the saint Jalal-ud-Din Bukhari. Malik Mardan Daulat, the Governor of Multan adopted Khizr Khan's father Malik Sulaiman as his son. After the death of Malik Shaikh, son of Malik Mardan, he was succeeded by Malik Sulaiman as the governor of Multan. After the death of Malik Sulaiman the governorship of Multan was conferred on Khizr Khan by Firuz Shah Tughlaq. But in 1395 he was expelled from Multan by Sarang Khan, brother of Mallu Iqbal Khan. He fled to Mewat and later joined Timur. It is believed that before departure, Timur appointed Khizr Khan his viceroy at Delhi but he could only establish his control over Multan, Dipalpur and parts of Sindh. Soon he started his campaign and defeated Mallu Iqbal Khan. After defeating Daulat Khan Lodi, he entered Delhi victoriously on 6 June 1414.
Reign.
After his accession to the throne, Khizr Khan appointed Malik-us-Sharq Malik Tuhfa as his wazir and he was given the title of "Taj-ul-Mulk" and he remained in office till 1421. The fief of Saharanpur was given to Sayyid Salim. Abdur Rahman received the fiefs of Multan and Fatehpur. In 1414, an army led by Taj-ul-Mulk was sent to suppress the rebellion of Har Singh, the Raja of Katehar. Raja fled to the forests but finally he was compelled to surrender and agree to pay tributes in future. In July, 1416 an army led by Taj-ul-Mulk was sent to Bayana and Gwalior. It plundered the peasants in the name of realizing the amount equivalent to the tributes to be paid. In 1417, Khizr Khan obtained permission from Shah Rukh to have his own name also suffixed to that of Shah Rukh. In 1418, Har Singh revolted again but he was defeated completely by Taj-ul-Mulk.

</doc>
<doc id="5929902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929902" title="Starting Over EP">
Starting Over EP

Starting Over EP is an EP by Edison Glass, released twice: before and after the band got signed and changed their name from Edison to Edison Glass.

</doc>
<doc id="5929904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929904" title="2001 uprising in Herat">
2001 uprising in Herat

The 2001 uprising in Herat was a coordinated insurrection and uprising in the Afghan city of Herat as part of the United States war in Afghanistan. The city was captured on November 12 by Northern Alliance forces as well as Special Forces of the United States, the United Kingdom and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The combatants.
The U.S. Special Operations teams consisted of U.S. Army Rangers and Delta force under the command of CENTCOM General Tommy Franks. Iranian forces consisted of agents of the Qods Force under the command of Major General Yahya Rahim Safavi, commander of the Pasdaran. The Northern Alliance faction consisted of over 5,000 militiamen under the command of Ismail Khan, a commander in the previous Soviet Invasion of Afghanistan and former governor of Herat before the Taliban came into power in 1995.
UK Special Forces for reasons of national security remain anonymous and do not out their formal command structure.
The plan.
The plan, organized by General Franks and General Safavi, was for Iranian Special Forces to discreetly enter the city and form an insurrection against the Taliban. This sudden event was to coincide with the entrance of Ismail Khan’s band of Northern Alliance militia members into the city. Meanwhile, a team of U.S. Special Forces and CIA agents would oversee the operation in Tehran alongside Iranian military intelligence.
The operation.
Combat operations began on October 7, 2001. Towards the end of the month, U.S. air strikes hit targets in and around Herat, including tanks, communications facilities, and tunnel complexes. This also includes the Herat airport, where Russian-made fighters were destroyed.
On 11 November 2001, U.S. Special Forces Operational Detachment Alpha 554 ("Texas 08") was inserted by helicopter near Herat. As planned, Iranian commandos secretly entered Herat to begin the insurrection on November 12, which successfully gave way to, what Ismail Khan claimed to be, the local uprising against the Taliban leaders. The Northern Alliance, Shi’ite Hazara factions, and a small group of U.S. Special Forces then entered the city. Herati residents also took part in the uprising with sticks, knives, and guns hidden throughout the populace. The city fell as the Taliban fled towards the mountains along the Iranian border, leaving behind several abandoned tanks. Prisoners, including Chechen and Arab volunteers, were taken to undisclosed locations.
Aftermath.
The uprising was met with celebratory gunfire from residents. Iranian media even went as far as to report widespread celebration including ‘dancing on the rooftops’ and honking car horns. Ismail Khan consolidated his power as Amir of western Afghanistan, reportedly accepting truck loads of money from Iran over the following month to secure loyalty of his forces. Khan granted amnesty for former Taliban fighters, but warned of repercussions if said fighters were to take up arms once again.
Khan remained governor of Herat until 2004, when he was dismissed by Afghan President Hamid Karzai. Khan's dismissal was met with violent protests.

</doc>
<doc id="5929910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929910" title="Tramcar (Wildwood)">
Tramcar (Wildwood)

The Tramcar is a trackless train service running on the Boardwalk in the Cape May County, New Jersey communities of Wildwood and North Wildwood. The service, which began on June 11, 1949, takes passengers along the two-mile long Wildwood boardwalk. Service is available at all points along the boardwalk, from the beginning at Cresse Avenue to the end at 16th Avenue in North Wildwood.
Information and Fee.
The Tramcar is colored yellow and blue, though sometimes contains other colors due to advertisements. It is well known for the phrase "Watch the tramcar, please," a pre-recorded alert voiced by local Floss Stingel in 1971 to clear the tramcar's path. The tramcar fare is $3.00. Operating hours are 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 a.m. The Tramcar started running five years
after the boardwalk was made. The original fare was 10 cents one way.

</doc>
<doc id="5929926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929926" title="Starting Over">
Starting Over

Starting Over may refer to:
In music:
In film and television:
In literature:

</doc>
<doc id="5929929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929929" title="Acaponeta River">
Acaponeta River

The Acaponeta River is formed in the State of Durango, México.
Its surface covers . From its beginning to where it penetrates Nayarit, the river takes the name Quebrada de San Bartolo, and after this point, it is called Río Acaponeta.
Crossing the municipalities of Pueblo Nuevo, Durango; and Huajicori and Acaponeta, in Nayarit; it passes by the regions of Mineral de Cucharas, Quiviquinta, Huajicori, Acaponeta, San Felipe Aztatán, Tecuala, Milpas Viejas, El Filo and Quimichis; with its mouth in Estero de Teacapán, in a place called Puerta del Río (River's gate).
The river has a total length of until Barra del Novillero; in the last , given its gentle slope, it is navagable by canoe, even in the dry seasons.
Source.
travelingluck.com accessed October 30, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="5929932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929932" title="Barry Sumpter">
Barry Sumpter

Barry Sumpter (born November 11, 1965 in Brooklyn, Illinois) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the San Antonio Spurs in the 3rd round (56th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft. A 6'11" forward-center from the University of Louisville and Austin Peay State University, Sumpter played in only one career NBA game with the Los Angeles Clippers. On April 2, 1989, he played one minute in a game against the Detroit Pistons. He later played in the Continental Basketball Association for the Quad City Thunder and set the team records for blocked shots (338), rebounds (2,503), and career games played (385).

</doc>
<doc id="5929955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929955" title="Pete Backor">
Pete Backor

Peter Joseph Backor (April 29, 1919 in Fort William, Ontario – June 30, 1988) was a professional ice hockey defenceman who played briefly for the Toronto Maple Leafs in the NHL.
Career.
Although he played just a single season in the NHL, Backor made it count as he helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the Stanley Cup in 1945. After that season he spent the next 11 years playing in the minor leagues for the Pittsburgh Hornets of the AHL with whom he won the Calder Cup in 1952, the Hollywood Wolves of the PCHL and the Sault Ste. Marie Indians of the NOHL. Backor retired from hockey in 1956.
He was one of the few players of Slovak descent in the NHL's younger years if not the first one ever.
Personal life.
He was brother-in-law to another NHL legend of Slovak descent Rudy Migay who played for Toronto Maple Leafs.

</doc>
<doc id="5929979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929979" title="Michael Hight">
Michael Hight

Michael Hight, a prominent New Zealand artist, was born in Stratford, New Zealand in 1961. He graduated with a B.Soc.Sc from Victoria University of Wellington in 1982. Between 1984 and 1987 he traveled, and lived and painted in London. He is a self-taught artist, and has been painting since the age of 14.
Information.
Hight has been a regular exhibitor since 1984, and has been a full-time artist since 2001. Hight rose to prominence in the 1990s with a series of profound exhibitions, including "Heartland Trinkets" (1992-93), "In Trust" (1995), "Seven Rivers" (1995), "Four Strong Winds" (1996) and "Maungakakaramea" (1998). In 2002 his Auckland exhibition "Omarama/Place of Light" sold out prior to the opening.
Hight’s work is held in many New Zealand collections, and he has been the recipient of several QEII grants.
Many of Hight's works are of one of two types - realistic portrayals of countryside, often dominated by beehives, or linear abstract works in wax and resin.

</doc>
<doc id="5929980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929980" title="Lino Pertile">
Lino Pertile

Lino Pertile (born 1940) is an Italian linguist, Professor of Romance Languages and Literatures at Harvard University and a former House Master of Eliot House. Born in Italy near Padua, he taught at the universities of Reading, Sussex, and Edinburgh before moving to Harvard.
His specialty is Dante scholarship, a field in which he has published widely. Pertile also studies the Italian 20th-century novel. In 2005, he was named Harvard College Professor, a special teaching recognition awarded to those faculty members who have most invested their time and energy in teaching undergraduates. It was announced on December 16, 2009, that Pertile would become the new director of Villa I Tatti, the Harvard University Center for Italian Renaissance Studies, in summer 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5929989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929989" title="CDC Kronos">
CDC Kronos

Kronos is an operating system with time-sharing capabilities, written by Control Data Corporation in the 1970s. Kronos ran on the 60-bit CDC 6000 series mainframe computers and their successors. CDC replaced Kronos with the NOS operating system in the late 1970s, which were succeeded by the NOS/VE operating system in the mid-1980s.
The MACE operating system and APEX were forerunners to KRONOS. It was written by Control Data systems programmer Greg Mansfield, Dave Cahlander, Bob Tate and 3 others.

</doc>
<doc id="5929991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929991" title="Nenad Brnović">
Nenad Brnović

Nenad Brnović (Cyrillic: Ненад Брновић, born 18 January 1980) is a Montenegrin footballer who play for FK Lovćen.
Club career.
He spent most of his club career at FK Zeta before joining Partizan Belgrade in 2004. During a league fixture against FK Zeta on 21 March 2006, he suffered a double open-fracture of both his tibia and fibula following a challenge by Jovan Markoski in the 6th minute of the match. This resulted in two operations and a two-and-a-half-year long battle to regain fitness.
Following the first operation at Belgrade's VMA clinic, the prognosis was 6–8 months away from the pitch, however, due to slow recovery another surgery was required. This one took place in early January 2007 at the Orthopedic clinic in Belgrade
As his contract with Partizan expired during his rehab, on 4 September 2008 Partizan management led by general-secretary Gordan Petrić and football director Ivan Tomić decided to extend Brnović's contract until summer 2009. Three days later, on 7 September 2008, Nenad played his first match after the injury, appearing for 15 minutes in a friendly against PAOK. Later in the fall 2008, he appeared in another friendly versus Slavija Istočno Sarajevo. By December 2008, Brnović appeared to be match-fit and ready to play competitive matches. Later that month Partizan started looking into options of moving him on loan for the first six months of his comeback.
In mid January 2009, Brnović's loan move to FK Rad was announced.
In summer 2009 Nenad moved to FK Budućnost Podgorica.
His older brother Bojan is also a footballer.
International career.
Brnović earned 17 caps for the Yugoslavian and Serbia-Montenegro national football team making his debut in 2002 against Lithuania, but has not yet been called up to play for the national team of newly formed Montenegro.

</doc>
<doc id="5930005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930005" title="Handcrew">
Handcrew

Handcrews are diverse teams of career and temporary wildland firefighters. The crews typically consist of 18 - 20 men and women but can also contain 4 to 6 and 8 to 10. These crews have the responsibilities of constructing firelines – strips of land cleared of flammable materials and dug down to mineral soil. These lines are generally constructed around wildfires to control them. Another type of line handcrews create is saw line. This is line where all trees limbs are removed up to shoulder height and all small trees and brush is cut down. All the limbs and trees are then carried outside the line and scattered. These are also called ladder fuels that allow the fire to climb up into the canopies which makes controlling a fire much more difficult. Sawyers do the cutting and swampers do the moving of the debris. Depending on the size of the crew there can be between 1 and 5 swampers per sawyer. Other jobs include, burn outs, gridding for spot fires, and mop up after the fire is controlled.
Depending on their qualifications and skill levels, crews may be divided into squads (4 or 5 firefighters each). The more qualified crews will have specialized personnel such as sawyers and EMTs. Crews and managers must always monitor the fire and consider safety. They will often designate one or two crew members to act as a lookout. This person generally has a few years of experience and is placed at a location where they can see a large portion of the fire. For larger fires there are multiple lookouts positioned around the entire fire. They watch for spot fires (fire that crosses the fireline) and take weather readings using a sling psychrometer or a kestral typically every hour and relaying them up the chain of command. Aircraft can also serve as lookouts at times but this is not the preferred option.
A crew's day may start at any hour of the day. After breaking fire camp, crews are transported to the fire. Once on location, crews use hand tools (chainsaws, pulaskis, shovels, etc.) for working the fireline. Handcrews may hike several miles or more per day. Once at the fire, they may spend hours constructing firelines.
Some handcrews work on an on-call basis meaning members do not work unless they are specifically called to work. Other handcrews may spend time clearing brush, prescription burning, or doing other chores while waiting for fire assignments.

</doc>
<doc id="5930009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930009" title="Niša Saveljić">
Niša Saveljić

Niša Saveljić (Cyrillic: Ниша Савељић, born 27 March 1970) is a former Montenegrin professional footballer. He was capped 32 times for the Yugoslav national team, scoring 1 goal, and played in the 1998 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5930020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930020" title="VFA-27">
VFA-27

Strike Fighter Squadron 27 (VFA-27), also known as the "Royal Maces", are a United States Navy F/A-18E Super Hornet fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Facility Atsugi. They are a part of Carrier Air Wing 5 and are attached to the USS George Washington (CVN-73). Their tail code is NF.
Mission.
To conduct carrier based air strike and strike force escort missions, anti-ship operations, battle group anti-air operations, and surveillance/intelligence collection operations in support of Carrier Air Wing 5 tasking and requirements. The squadron is permanently forward deployed with Carrier Air Wing 5, shore based at Naval Air Facility Atsugi and embarked on the USS George Washington (CVN-73).
Squadron Insignia and Nickname.
The squadron’s insignia was approved by the CNO on 25 March 1968, and consisted of a light blue glove and black mace. They were nicknamed the "Royal Maces".
History.
1960s.
The Royal Maces were commissioned Attack Squadron 27 (VA-27) on September 1, 1967 flying the A-7 Corsair II, and in January 1968, the squadron officially reported to Carrier Air Wing 14. In May 1968, as the Vietnam War continued, the Royal Maces departed for their first combat deployment aboard USS Constellation (CVA-64). On 28 Jun 1968, the squadron flew its first combat sortie, striking targets in the panhandle region of North Vietnam.
During a second combat cruise aboard "Constellation" in August 1969, VA-27 flew over 2,500 combat sorties.
1970s.
Attack Squadron 27 transitioned to the newer A-7E on June 20, 1970. From 4 Feb–7 Mar, VA-27 embarked in USS Enterprise (CVN-65) during the carrier’s transit around Cape Horn to her new home port in NAS Alameda, California, and then deployed on "Enterprise" from 11 Jun 1971 to 12 Feb 1972, the "Royal Maces" third combat cruise. With the outbreak of war between India and Pakistan over East Pakistan (later Bangladesh) in Dec 1971, Enterprise departed Yankee Station and made a quick transit to the Indian Ocean to provide support for the evacuation of foreign civilians. Squadron pilots amassed over 4,400 combat flight hours and participated in over 1,500 air strikes without loss. 
The "Royal Maces" commenced their fourth combat deployment in September 1972 aboard "Enterprise", participating in Linebacker I and Linebacker II operations, heavy air strikes against targets in North Vietnam to interdict the flow of supplies in that country and into South Vietnam.The squadron began its next deployment to the Western Pacific in September 1974. In Apr 1975, the Royal Maces flew surveillance missions over Vietnam and flew escort for United States Marine Corps and United States Air Force helicopters during the evacuation of American and Vietnamese personnel as part of Operation Frequent Wind.
1980s.
In Apr 1980, VA-27 participated in the Iranian hostage rescue attempt by providing air cover for the forces directly involved in the rescue operation.
In Aug 1986, the "Maces" participated in the first carrier tactical flight operations in the Bering Sea since the end of World War II.
1990s.
While stationed at Naval Air Station, LeMoore CA the Royal Maces transitioned to the F/A-18A Hornet on 24 January 1991 and were officially re-designated the "Chargers" of Strike Fighter Squadron 27 (VFA-27). The squadron also changed roles as well as aircraft. The Chargers were now a fighter/attack squadron. Now with the a capable aircraft of the F/A-18 the Chargers performed duties of air to air as well as air to ground attack missions. The Squadron Emblem was also changed to a green background, white cloud, and silver guntlet with silver mace. In November 1992, while deployed aboard USS Kitty Hawk (CV-63), VFA-27 operated off the coast of Somalia in support of Operation Restore Hope and augmented United States Central Command’s multi-national coalition Air Forces supporting Operation Southern Watch. The squadron participated in a coalition night strike against Iraq on 13 January 1993, delivering over 18,000 pounds of ordnance on target. In 1994 the Chargers of VFA-27 deployed aboard the USS Kitty Hawk CV-63 to the Sea of Japan. In 1996 the Chargers commenced their homeport change from NAS LeMoore CA to NAF Atsugi, Japan deploying aboard USS Independence (CV-62).
2000s.
In the wake of the September 11, 2001 attacks, the squadron participated in Operation Enduring Freedom flying missions against the Al Qaida infrastructure and Taliban forces in Afghanistan as well as protecting valued assets in Diego Garcia. When "Kitty Hawk" deployed to the Persian Gulf in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, VFA-27 was soon heavily involved in combat prior to the war. As part of Carrier Air Wing 5, VFA-27 attacked command, control and communications sites, surface-to-surface missile batteries and an air traffic control radar near Basrah. At the Al Faw peninsula long range artillery guns and 155mm howitzers near Az Zubayr were targeted. The Royal Maces flew hundreds of close air support and strike sorties against Iraqi forces in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. VFA-27 completed their transition to the F/A-18E Super Hornet in October 2004 at NAS Lemoore.

</doc>
<doc id="5930033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930033" title="M. B. Banks">
M. B. Banks

Mark Beal Banks (June 5, 1883 – January 1970) was an American football, basketball and baseball player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He served as the head football coach at Centre College (1909–1911), Ohio Wesleyan University (1912), Ohio University (1913–1917), Drake University (1918–1920), the University of Tennessee (1921–1925), and Hartwick College (1941–1948), compiling a career college football record of 99–72–10. Banks was also the head basketball and head baseball coach at Ohio Wesleyan, Ohio, Drake, and Tennessee. He played football, basketball, and baseball at Syracuse University.
College career.
Banks graduated from Syracuse University in 1909. There he lettered in football (1905–1908), basketball (1908–1909), and baseball (1909). Banks was an Honorable Mention All-American quarterback in 1908.
Coaching career.
Banks started his coaching career at Centre College in Danville, Kentucky in 1909. In 1912, Banks was head football coach at Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware, Ohio compiling a record of 3–6 in his only season there. Banks then move to Ohio University in Athens, Ohio in 1913 and coached football five seasons there, going 21–18–2.
Banks became the 12th head football coach at Drake University located in Des Moines, Iowa and he held that position for three seasons, from 1918 until 1920. His overall coaching record at Drake was 11 wins, 10 losses, and 1 ties. This ranks him tenth at Drake in terms of total wins and 12th at Drake in terms of winning percentage.
After coaching at Drake, Banks led the Tennessee Volunteers football team to a 27–15–3 record from 1921 to 192. He was the football coach at Tennessee when the iconic orange became the main color for Tennessee's athletic teams. Banks also coached baseball and basketball at Tennessee. In 1927, Banks left for Central High School in Knoxville. Banks coached at Knoxville Central from 1927 to 1930.
In 1941, Banks became the athletic director, basketball, football, and baseball coach at Hartwick College in Oneonta, New York. Under Banks, Hartwick's football team had their first two winning seasons. Banks coached at Hartwick until 1948 and remained athletic director at the school until his retirement in 1950.
In 1996, Banks was inducted into the Hartwick College Athletic Hall of Fame. The M. Beal (Pops) Banks Award at Hartwick is awarded annually to "individuals, male and female, who have best pursued excellence in their sport to the best of their ability and have enthused others with their dedication and commitment".
Family.
Banks was born on June 5, 1883 in Breesport, New York to parents David Thomas Banks (December 6, 1851 in Veteran, New York – December 1930 in Elmira, New York) and Emeline H. Parsons (December 25, 1852 in Catlin, New York – May 3, 1938 in Elmira, New York). Before attending Syracuse, Beal Banks graduated high school from the Elmira Free Academy in Elmira, New York. He married Gladys King (March 1888 – 1966) daughter of Rufus Everson King (July 15, 1859 – November 7, 1921) and Clara E. Ingersoll (June 1860 – ?) on October 29, 1910. Beal and Gladys had four children. Beal Banks died January 12, 1970 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="5930046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930046" title="Joachim Thibault de Courville">
Joachim Thibault de Courville

Joachim Thibault de Courville (died 1581) was a French composer, singer, lutenist, and player of the lyre, of the late Renaissance. He was a close associate of poet Jean Antoine de Baïf, and with Baïf was the co-founder of the "Académie de Poésie et de Musique", which attempted to re-create the storied ethical and moral effect of ancient Greek music through a type of vocal musical composition known as "musique mesurée."
Very little is known of Courville's life prior to his association with Baïf. Sometime in the mid 1560s Courville made the acquaintance of the famous poet, who was so impressed with his playing and singing that he called him "the master of the art of singing well." During this period Courville was employed as official lyre-player to King Charles IX. In 1567 Courville began to collaborate with Baïf on the composition of "vers mesurés", verses written mostly by Baïf in which the French words were given long-short syllabic treatment in imitation of the supposed method used in Ancient Greek dramatic poetry; Courville set them to music. In 1570 the two, with the backing of the king, founded the "Académie de Poésie et de Musique", inviting a few other professional musicians and aristocratic patrons; however they maintained a high level of secrecy in their undertaking, which was intended to reform not only music, but mankind. Baïf and Courville, reading accounts of the ethical and moral effects of such dramatic poetry in Ancient Greece, believed that hearers of their new "musique mesurée", could be moved to become virtuous. The members of the Académie planned to perform their music widely once they had perfected their method.
The Académie disbanded after several years, probably under the stress of the religious violence which tore France apart during the last third of the 16th century, for both Protestants and Catholics were members, and King Henri III (who assumed the throne on the death of Charles IX in 1574) wanted to change the character of the "Académie" from a musical to a philosophical institution. By the 1580s the style Courville had developed was being used for setting of highly secular, sometimes sacrilegious, and occasionally erotic verse, something which was probably not his original intent.
No music by Courville has directly survived: he maintained secrecy as ordered by the "Académie", and published none of his own music. However some of the chansons published by others, for example Fabrice Caietain and Claude Le Jeune, are presumed to contain either passages by Courville or stylistic copies. Courville died in 1581 in Paris.
Courville's lyre was a unique instrument, consisting of eleven strings, and often being played with a bow. It was modeled after a supposed Ancient Greek instrument.

</doc>
<doc id="5930049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930049" title="Corey Gaines">
Corey Gaines

Corey Yasuto Gaines (born June 1, 1965) is an American former professional basketball player.
Gaines was selected by the Seattle SuperSonics in the 3rd round (65th overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft. A 6'3" (1.90 m) guard from UCLA and Loyola Marymount University, Gaines played in 5 NBA seasons for 4 different teams. He played for the New Jersey Nets (1988–89), Philadelphia 76ers (1989–90, 1994–95), Denver Nuggets (1990–91) and New York Knicks (1993–94). In his NBA career, he played in 80 games and scored a total of 248 points. Gaines also played in a Japanese men's basketball league in the early 2000s.
On November 7, 2007, Gaines became the head coach of the Phoenix Mercury, replacing outgoing head coach Paul Westhead. Gaines had prior experience with Westhead's offense, having played for him at Loyola Marymount University and with the Nuggets. Gaines kept the same offense that Westhead employed, and in 2009, he directed the Mercury to their second WNBA title. Diana Taurasi became the second player in WNBA history to win the regular season scoring title, the WNBA MVP Award, the WNBA Championship, and the WNBA Finals MVP Award in the same season.
In November 2011, Gaines was promoted to general manager of the Mercury, taking over a position vacated by Ann Meyers-Drysdale.
During January 2013, Gaines was temporarily promoted to being an assistant head coach for the Phoenix Suns after both Dan Majerle and Elston Turner would resign from their roles. He would then continue working under the organization throughout the 2012-13 NBA season until the Suns hired replacement assistant head coaches to replace their old staff, although Gaines would still find work for the organization as a new player developmental coach as of the 2013–14 NBA season.
On August 8, 2013, the Phoenix Mercury announced that they had relieved Gaines of his duties as head coach and general manager, and named former University of Arizona and Grand Canyon University men's basketball head coach Russ Pennell as the team's interim head coach.
Gaines' father is African-American and his mother is of Japanese descent.

</doc>
<doc id="5930050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930050" title="Ferdinand Dessoir">
Ferdinand Dessoir

Ferdinand August Dessoir, born Ferdinand August Dessauer (January 29, 1836, Breslau – April 15, 1892, Dresden) was a German actor; son of Leopold Dessauer.
He was trained for the stage by Werner Mannheim, and made his début in 1852 as the Prince in "Dorf und Stadt." In the following year he went to Mainz, where he remained until 1855, when he appeared at Heidelberg. Vienna was his next engagement, in 1856; followed in 1857 by Stettin; 1857–61, Leipzig; 1861–63, Bremen; 1863–64, Weimar. From 1864 to 1867 he played at the Hoftheater in Berlin; after which he returned to Weimar, in 1868. He next went to the Lobetheater in Breslau, in 1868–69. The following seven years were spent at the Hoftheater, Dresden; from 1877 to 1878 at the Thalia Theater in Hamburg; from 1878 to 1879 at the Residenz Theater in Dresden; and in 1880 he played at Prague.
Dessauer became insane during a performance, and never acted again. His principal roles were Kaufmann Bloom, Mephisto, Falstaff, Muley Hassan, Riccaut, Chalisac, and Hans Lange.

</doc>
<doc id="5930104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930104" title="Tucson Mirage">
Tucson Mirage

The Tucson Mirage played two exhibition games in the Professional Indoor Football League (PIFL) in 1998, losing both. The Mirage was scheduled to join the league as a full-time team in 1999, but this never happened.
Mirage staff & team information.
Tucson Convention Center - Home Arena

</doc>
<doc id="5930113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930113" title="Helen Stenborg">
Helen Stenborg

Helen Joan Stenborg (January 24, 1925 – March 22, 2011) was an American actress of stage, screen, and television. She occasionally acted with her husband, actor Barnard Hughes (1915–2006), to whom she was married from 1950 until his death in 2006; they had two children.
Career.
Stenborg appeared on stage in revivals of "A Doll's House", "A Month in the Country", and "The Crucible"; the original, belated US production of Noël Coward's "Waiting in the Wings", for which she was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play; and the Lanford Wilson plays, "The Rimers of Eldritch" and "Talley & Son" winning the Obie Award for her performance in the latter.
She portrayed Helga Lindeman on the soap opera "Another World" from 1977 to 1978. Stenborg also appeared in the 1999 film, My Mother Dreams the Satan's Disciples in New York, which won an Academy Award for Best Short Subject in 2000.
Death.
She died on March 22, 2011, aged 86, in New York City from undisclosed causes. She was survived by her two children and a grandson.

</doc>
<doc id="5930119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930119" title="Fabrice Noël">
Fabrice Noël

Fabrice Noël (born July 21, 1985 in Gressier) is a Haitian footballer who currently plays for ATM FA in the Malaysia Super League.
Career.
Early life and career in Haiti.
Noël grew up poor in the village of Gressier, 12 miles west of Port-au-Prince. He began playing soccer at a very young age, taught by his mother and brothers. By the time he was 12 years old he was playing for the national team for 15 year olds, and at the age of 16 he was one of the star players of Racing Club Haïtien, one of the country's most successful club teams.
However, his skills and success ultimately brought tragedy. In November 2002, while Noël was in South Carolina taking part in an international tournament, he received a phone call from his mother, telling him that his two older brothers Luckner and Kenson had been shot to death. Their murders are thought to have been carried out by supporters of a rival club that he had refused to join. Noël was granted political asylum in the United States, but his parents and youngest brother were forced to go into hiding.
After the ordeal, in late 2002, he went to live with a former coach in Palm Beach, Florida, and enrolled in Palm Beach Lakes High School. He joined the soccer team and quickly became the star, scoring 58 goals his senior season.
Professional.
Noël received many offers from colleges, but turned them all down, instead choosing to turn professional in order to raise the money to bring his family to the United States. While playing in a local tournament in February 2005, he caught the eye of Colorado Rapids head coach Fernando Clavijo, who offered him a contract after he graduated high school. On June 24, 2005, Noël signed with the Rapids; he made his debut less than a month later on July 20, against the San Jose Earthquakes, and scored his first goal in the season finale against Real Salt Lake.
During the 2007 MLS pre-season, the Rapids waived Noël, who subsequently signed with the Puerto Rico Islanders in the USL First Division. Noël scored the only goal in the two-legged 3rd place match in the CFU Club Championship 2007, enabling the Islanders to advance to the CONCACAF Champions League 2008–09.
In February 2010,Noël moved to China and signed a contract with Shanghai East Asia. On 4 April he made his league debut for Shanghai in the 2-0 victory over Guangdong Sunray Cave, replacing Jiang Zhipeng in the 55th minute.
International.
Noël made his debut for the Haiti national football team in an August 2006 friendly match against Guatemala. He was a Haiti squad member at the 2007 & 2009 Gold Cup Finals
Personal.
With the help of the Colorado Rapids organization, Noël set up a fund, known as the Fabrice Noël Fund in order to raise money for his parents and brothers transport to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5930124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930124" title="William Baxter (botanist)">
William Baxter (botanist)

William Baxter (died "c." 1836) was an English gardener who collected in Australia on behalf of English nurserymen and private individuals. He had developed his horticultural reputation as gardener to the Comtesse de Vandes in Bayswater, London, many of the plants he had nurtured being used for illustrations in Curtis’s Botanical Magazine. He was the first privately financed plant collector to be sent to Australia, his mission being to collect seeds and roots for the London seedsman F. Henchman.
Baxter's collections were made at Kangaroo Island (1822–1823), the southern coast of Western Australia (1823–1825), at King George Sound, Cape Arid and Lucky Bay, Twofold Bay, and Wilsons Promontory, Victoria (1826). The final expedition to Western Australia (1828–1829) was arranged by Charles Fraser. On his return they disagreed about the distribution of the collected material.
Baxter's name is commemorated in epithets, such as species "Hakea baxteri" R.Br., and the genus "Baxteria" was named in his honour. He is thought to have died about 1836.
The main part of his collections are held at Kew and the British Museum. Material supplied by Baxter's expedition was propagated at the Clapton Nursery.

</doc>
<doc id="5930141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930141" title="Cedar Park, Seattle">
Cedar Park, Seattle

Cedar Park is a neighborhood in the Lake City district of Seattle, Washington. The name generally refers to the residential neighborhoods east of Lake City adjoining Lake Washington.
The "Cedar Park" name comes from the plats that subdivided the land along Lake Washington that had previously belonged to the Puget Mill Company. Although the area was subdivided in the 1920s, development proceeded slowly. Many lots overlooking Lake Washington were occupied by vacation cottages from the 1920s to World War II. After 1945, the area developed as a single-family residential community. Many single-family residences in Cedar Park date from the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.
The neighborhood boundaries remain a matter of debate. Some believe that only the parcels platted with the name "Cedar Park" are properly part of the Cedar Park neighborhood. Others argue that the Cedar Park Neighborhood extends east from 35th Avenue NE to the shore of Lake Washington and extends from NE 145th Street at the north to NE 120th Street at the south. This larger area is the area represented by the Cedar Park Neighborhood Council. 
This neighborhood was annexed to the City of Seattle in 1954 when the Seattle City Limits were extended north to 145th Street. From 1959 to 1981, children in the neighborhood attended the Cedar Park Elementary School, at NE 135th Street and 37th Avenue NE. The school was later surplused and today is occupied by the Artwood Studios and a private gym. Currently elementary students go south to John Rogers Elementary School, middle school students attend Jane Addams Middle School and high school students go to Nathan Hale High School.
The former school playground, west of the former elementary school building, is now Cedar Park, a small local playground and play area. 
The Burke-Gilman Trail cuts through Cedar Park from NE 145th Street to NE 120th Street paralleling the Lake Washington shoreline. 

</doc>
<doc id="5930145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930145" title="Conspiracy X">
Conspiracy X

Conspiracy X is a role-playing game (RPG) published by Eden Studios, Inc. The current version is based on the "Unisystem", but previous versions have used "GURPS" and its own system. All feature the same central story.
Setting.
The game has a long and involved metaplot detailing government involvement with three different alien races (the Greys, the Atlanteans and the Saurians), dating back to the Roswell Incident of 1947, as well as tying together supernatural and paranormal phenomenon. Player characters usually take the role of operatives for AEGIS, a secret organization dedicated to investigating extraterrestrial and paranormal threats, and responding where necessary, although campaign settings can equally be crafted for operations by other in-game organizations. Players themesleves generally take the role of disaffected government agents. They may be employed by real-world organizations such as the FBI or ATF or an organization created for the game, such as the Defense Tactical Information Center or Project Rasputin. The game also touches on many modern popular conspiracy theories including the CIA involvement with psychics and the alien cover up from MKULTRA. The game can also be run to focus on paranormal happenings such as ghost sightings or ESP.
First Edition.
The first edition was acquired from New Millennium Entertainment and was Eden's first RPG, and used a system unique to the game. The first version went through several printings, with the "Third PrintingRevised" carrying a copyright date of 1997. The system included rules for purchasing equipment and connections for the player characters' cell, and a psychic ability system that involved Zener cards. Many supplemental books were produced for this line including books detailing alien technologies and races, books for dealing with the supernatural (as it is defined in the Conspiracy X world) and books on the governmental agencies featured in the core book (AEGIS and Black Book, also called the NDD), as well as a book on how to create conspiracies and the Bodyguard of Lies series, three books with miscellaneous additions to the world and rules as well as missions to roleplay.
This edition features an original rules system, where actions are resolved with one of only four probabilities:
There are also resolution systems for non-skill actions, competitive actions, extended actions such as research, and use of specific powers and abilities using the core resolution system as a base. Difficulties range from 1 to 5, and sometimes higher for very difficult actions.
Supplements.
The first edition was very well supported, with a number of supplements:
GURPS Edition.
Another version was published in 2002 using the "GURPS" rules-set. This was the second "Powered by GURPS" licensed game to be produced outside of Steve Jackson Games. In addition to "GURPS" rules it provided conversion guidelines for players of the first "Conspiracy X". The "GURPS" variant is part of the 1st Edition line and features the same cover art.
Second Edition (Conspiracy X 2.0).
"Conspiracy X 2.0" was published in 2006 (features the "Unisystem" rules) and was nominated for an ENnie Award "Best RPG" for 2007. This edition presented conversion guidelines for players of the 1st Edition of the game (although no "GURPS" conversions are provided).
Since the release of Conspiracy X 2.0, the following supplements have also been produced: 

</doc>
<doc id="5930147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930147" title="William Baxter">
William Baxter

William Baxter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5930148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930148" title="Olympic Hills, Seattle">
Olympic Hills, Seattle

Olympic Hills is a neighborhood in the Lake City district of Seattle, Washington.
The architecture is very diverse, ranging from homes displaced from the [Interstate 5 construction, to newer construction. 
In 1935, Will Rogers played his last game of polo in this verdant neighborhood north of Seattle. The Olympic Hills Polo Field was located across the street from the Jackson Golf Course which was built in 1930. The field was between N.E.135th St. and N.E.137th St. along 15th Ave. NE. It was surrounded by stately poplar trees and in the distance rose the green, rolling Olympic Hills. A monument to Will Rogers was placed at the field, but later moved to Albert Davis Park. Albert Davis Park is behind the Lake City Library which is a historic landmark. 
Thornton Creek runs through the neighborhood as it makes its way to Lake Washington. The Olympic Hills neighborhood is part of the Lake City district which includes the neighborhoods of Cedar Park, Matthews Beach, Meadowbrook, and Victory Heights. 
Albert Davis Park, located in the Olympic Hills neighborhood, was a gift to the City of Seattle in 1964, it is named after Albert Davis, a Lake City community leader who died in 1971. Born in Buffalo, New York, in 1890, Davis was a charter member of the Lake City Vigilantes, a member of the Keystone Kops, originated the annual salmon barbecue with his Secret Seasoning, spearheaded the Lake City Pioneer Days celebration, was active in the Youth Center, and served as the unofficial goodwill "ambassador-mayor" of Lake City. He was awarded the Golden Acorn award by the PTA in 1971.
Homer Kelly, author of The Golfing Machine, taught golfing lessons at the Jackson Golf Course. He and his wife Rosella are buried at the Acacia Memorial Park which is north of Lake City. Golfers still practice at the public course and there is a beautiful perimeter trail where neighbors can enjoy a bit of untouched nature in this urban neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="5930151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930151" title="Victory Heights, Seattle">
Victory Heights, Seattle

Victory Heights is a neighborhood in the Lake City district of Seattle, Washington. It was named after the Victory Highway, which formed the eastern border of the area. The highway was originally called the Gerhart Erickson Road, the namesake of which was Gerhart Erickson, who sponsored the Good Roads legislation in 1903. The road was then renamed Bothell Road, changed to Victory Highway in 1924, before returning to Bothell Road; it is now called Lake City Way NE. The neighborhood was annexed to the city of Seattle in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="5930158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930158" title="Brighton, Seattle">
Brighton, Seattle

Brighton is a neighborhood in south Seattle, Washington, part of the greater Rainier Valley district.

</doc>
<doc id="5930168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930168" title="Arbor Heights, Seattle">
Arbor Heights, Seattle

Arbor Heights is a neighborhood in West Seattle, Washington, made up of the area south of SW Roxbury Street, north and east of Puget Sound, but excluding the downhill portion on the west side of this region.
The neighborhood contains one elementary school (Arbor Heights Elementary School), and no secondary schools. It has a private club pool, Arbor Heights Swim and Tennis Club. The neighborhood is almost exclusively zoned as residential property, with the nearest commercially zoned areas being north in the Roxhill neighborhood, and a small zone down the hill to the west in the Fauntleroy neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="5930174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930174" title="Gatewood, Seattle">
Gatewood, Seattle

Gatewood is a neighborhood in West Seattle, Seattle, Washington. It is generally bounded to the north and south by Raymond and Thistle Streets respectively, to the east by 35th Avenue, and the west by California Avenue and Fauntleroy Way. The neighborhood’s landmarks include the Gatewood School, currently an elementary.
Schools.
The public schools in the neighborhood are part of the citywide Seattle Public Schools district. Gatewood Elementary is the third-oldest school in West-Seattle. The original building was closed for construction in 1989, and reopened two years later.
Demographics.
As of 2008-2009, the population was 5,865 people over 1.127 square miles, with the median household income being $77,693. 

</doc>
<doc id="5930176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930176" title="Genesee, Seattle">
Genesee, Seattle

Genesee is a neighborhood in West Seattle, Washington. It extends north from SW Genesee St. to SW Charlestown St., and west from 46th to 56th Avenues SW. It should not be confused with Genesee Park, in Rainier Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="5930180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930180" title="North Admiral, Seattle">
North Admiral, Seattle

North Admiral (or simply the Admiral District) is the oldest neighborhood in West Seattle, Washington. In the early 1900s it was connected to Seattle by ferries and a cable car. These ferries included the paddle steamers "City of Seattle" and "West Seattle".
The North Admiral district is the location of West Seattle High School. The neighborhood name implies that it is at the north end of Admiral Way S.W. However Admiral runs east and west and crosses California Avenue S.W. north of the major junction at S.W. Alaska street and California, thus the name "North Admiral" combines the orientation to the junction with the name of the main cross street.

</doc>
<doc id="5930184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930184" title="Seaview, Seattle">
Seaview, Seattle

Seaview is a neighborhood in West Seattle, Washington. Seaview is bordered by Puget Sound to the west, the Alki and Genesee neighborhoods to the north, Fairmount Park to the east, and Gatewood to the south.
Seaview is also the name of a neighborhood in Edmonds, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="5930187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930187" title="VA27">
VA27

VA-27 has the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="5930192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930192" title="Bessel–Clifford function">
Bessel–Clifford function

In mathematical analysis, the Bessel–Clifford function, named after Friedrich Bessel and William Kingdon Clifford, is an entire function of two complex variables that can be used to provide an alternative development of the theory of Bessel functions. If
is the entire function defined by means of the reciprocal Gamma function, then the Bessel–Clifford function is defined by the series
The ratio of successive terms is "z"/"k"("n" + "k"), which for all values of "z" and "n" tends to zero with increasing "k". By the ratio test, this series converges absolutely for all "z" and "n", and uniformly for all regions with bounded |"z"|, and hence the Bessel–Clifford function is an entire function of the two complex variables "n" and "z".
Differential equation of the Bessel–Clifford function.
It follows from the above series on differentiating with respect to "x" that formula_3 satisfies the linear second-order homogeneous differential equation
This equation is of generalized hypergeometric type, and in fact the Bessel–Clifford function is up to a scaling factor a Pochhammer–Barnes hypergeometric function; we have
Unless n is a negative integer, in which case the right hand side is undefined, the two definitions are essentially equivalent; the hypergeometric function being normalized so that its value at "z" = 0 is one.
Relation to Bessel functions.
The Bessel function of the first kind can be defined in terms of the Bessel–Clifford function as
when "n" is not an integer we can see from this that the Bessel function is not entire. Similarly, the modified Bessel function of the first kind can be defined as
The procedure can of course be reversed, so that we may define the Bessel–Clifford function as
but from this starting point we would then need to show formula_9 was entire.
Recurrence relation.
From the defining series, it follows immediately that formula_10
Using this, we may rewrite the differential equation for formula_9 as
which defines the recurrence relationship for the Bessel–Clifford function. This is equivalent to a similar relation for 
0"F"1. We have, as a special case of Gauss's continued fraction
It can be shown that this continued fraction converges in all cases.
The Bessel–Clifford function of the second kind.
The Bessel–Clifford differential equation
has two linearly independent solutions. Since the origin is a regular singular point of the differential equation, and since formula_9 is entire, the second solution must be singular at the origin.
If we set
which converges for formula_17, and analytically continue it, we obtain a second linearly independent solution to the differential equation.
The factor of 1/2 is inserted in order to make formula_18 correspond to the Bessel functions of the second kind. We have
and
In terms of "K", we have
Hence just as the Bessel function and modified Bessel function of the first kind can both be expressed in terms of formula_9, those of the second kind can both be expressed in terms of formula_18.
Generating function.
If we multiply the absolutely convergent series for exp("t") and 
exp("z"/"t") together, we get (when "t" is not zero) an absolutely convergent series for exp("t" + "z"/"t"). Collecting terms in "t", we find on comparison with the power series definition for formula_24 that we have
This generating function can then be used to obtain further formulas, in particular we may use Cauchy's integral formula and obtain formula_24 for integer "n" as

</doc>
<doc id="5930197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930197" title="Hibiscus tea">
Hibiscus tea

Hibiscus tea is an herbal tea consumed both hot and cold by people around the world. The drink is an infusion made from crimson or deep magenta-coloured calyces (sepals) of the "Hibiscus sabdariffa" flower. It is also referred to as roselle (another common name for the hibiscus flower) or rosella (Australian), agua de Jamaica and/or flor de Jamaica. In Latin America, Arhul ka phool. In india karkadé. In Levant, Egypt, Italy and Sudan]], Chai Kujarat in Iraq, Chai Torsh in Iran, gumamela in the Philippines, bissap, tsoborodo or wonjo in West Africa, sorrel in Jamaica, Barbados and Trinidad and Tobago, red sorrel in the wider Caribbean, and other names in other regions, including the U.S., where it is sometimes known as simply Jamaica. Hibiscus tea has a tart, cranberry-like flavor, and sugar is often added to sweeten the beverage. The tea contains vitamin C and minerals and is used traditionally as a mild medicine. In west Sudan a white hibiscus flower is favored for its bitter taste and is customarily served to guests.
Hibiscus tea contains 15-30% organic acids, including citric acid, malic acid, and tartaric acid. It also contains acidic polysaccharides and flavonoid glycosides, such as cyanidin and delphinidin, that give it its characteristic deep red colour.
Active compound.
Hibiscus flowers contain anthocyanins, which are believed to be active antihypertensive compounds, acting as angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors.
Consumption.
Americas.
"Agua de Flor de Jamaica", also called "agua de Jamaica" and "rosa de Jamaica", is popular in Mexico, Central America, and parts of South America and the Caribbean. It is one of several common "aguas frescas", which are inexpensive beverages typically made from fresh juices or extracts. Agua de Flor de Jamaica is usually prepared by steeping the calyces, along with ginger (in Jamaica), in boiling water, straining the mixture, pressing the calyces (to squeeze all the juice out), adding sugar, sometimes clove, cinnamon and a little rum (in Jamaica), and stirring. It is served chilled, and in Jamaica this drink is a tradition on Christmas, served with fruit cake or potato pudding.
In Panama both the flowers and the drink are called "saril" (a derivative of the English word "sorrel"). It is prepared by picking and boiling the calyces with chopped ginger, sugar, clove, cinnamon, and nutmeg. It is traditionally drunk around Christmas and Chinese New Year, diverging from Mexico and Central America and much more in line with the Caribbean, due to the strong West Indian influence in Panamanian culture specially in Panama City and most of Panama's Caribbean coast.
Dried hibiscus calyces, often labeled Flor de Jamaica, have long been available in health food stores in the United States for making this tea, especially in California and other areas influenced by Mexican customs. Flor de Jamaica has a reputation for being a mild natural diuretic.
In the English-speaking Caribbean, the drink, called sorrel, is made from the calyxes, and it is considered an integral part of Christmas celebrations. The Caribbean Development Company, a Trinidad and Tobago brewery, produces a "Sorrel Shandy" in which the tea is combined with beer.
In the United States, hibiscus tea was popularized by Celestial Seasonings as "Red Zinger" in 1972.
Africa.
"Karkadé" ( ; , ) is served hot or chilled with ice. It is very popular in some parts of North Africa, especially in Egypt and Sudan; hibiscus from Upper Egypt and Sudan is highly prized in both countries. In Egypt and Sudan, wedding celebrations are traditionally toasted with a glass of hibiscus tea. On a typical street in downtown Cairo, one can find many vendors and open-air cafés selling the drink.
In Africa, especially the Sahel, hibiscus tea is commonly sold on the street and the dried flowers can be found in every market. Variations on the drink are popular in West Africa and parts of Central Africa. In Senegal, "bissap" is known as the "national drink of Senegal". Similar beverages include "wanjo" in The Gambia, "dabileni" in Mali, and "zobo" or "tsobo" in all of Nigeria. Hibiscus tea is especially popular in Sudan where it is often prepared by soaking the calyces in cold water for a few days and then straining the result. Hibiscus tea is often flavored with mint or ginger in West Africa.
Asia.
In Thailand, most commonly, roselle is prepared as a cold beverage, heavily sweetened and poured over ice, similar to sweetened fruit juices. Plastic bags filled with ice and sweetened 'grajeab' can be found outside of most schools and in local markets. Roselle is also drunk as a tea, believed to reduce cholesterol.
It is less commonly made into a wine, sometimes combined with Chinese tea leaves, in the ratio of 4:1 by weight (1/5 Chinese tea). The beverage is popular in Malaysia and Indonesia as well.
In China, candied flower petals are occasionally available. In Mandarin Chinese, it is called luòshénhuā ().
Europe.
In Italy hibiscus tea, known as "carcadè" or "Italian tea", is usually drunk cold, often with the addition of sugar and lemon juice.
First introduced from Eritrea, it was widely used as a tea substitute when the country was hit by trade sanctions for its invasion of Abyssinia.
In other European countries, it is often an ingredient in mixed herbal teas, (especially with malva flowers or rose hips in the mix, to enhance colouring), and as such, more commonly used than recognized.
Health benefits.
Preliminary study has shown that drinking hibiscus tea may lower blood pressure in people with type 2 diabetes, prehypertension, or mild hypertension. However, there is no reliable evidence to support recommending hibiscus tea in the treatment of primary hypertension. The average systolic blood pressure for diabetics drinking hibiscus tea decreased from at the beginning of one study to at the end of the study, one month later. Drinking 3 cups of hibiscus tea daily for 6 weeks reduced systolic blood pressure by 7 mm Hg in prehypertensive and mildly hypertensive participants. In those with mean systolic blood pressure over 129 mm Hg, the reduction was nearly 14 mm Hg. Hibiscus flowers contain anthocyanins, which are believed to be active antihypertensive compounds, acting as angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors.
The effects of drinking hibiscus tea are comparable to blood-pressure medication. A study published in 2007 compared "Hibiscus sabdariffa" L. to the drug lisinopril on people with hypertension. Hibiscus "decreased blood pressure (BP) from 146.48/97.77 to 129.89/85.96 mmHg, reaching an absolute reduction of 17.14/11.97 mmHg (11.58/12.21%, p < 0.05)." Blood pressure "reductions and therapeutic effectiveness were lower than those obtained with lisinopril (p < 0.05)." The authors concluded that hibiscus "exerted important antihypertensive effectiveness with a wide margin of tolerability and safety, while it also significantly reduced plasma ACE activity and demonstrated a tendency to reduce serum sodium (Na) concentrations without modifying potassium (K) levels." They attributed the blood pressure reducing effect of hibiscus to its diuretic effect and its ability to inhibit the angiotensin-converting enzyme through the presence of anthocyanins.
A 2004 study compared the effectiveness of hibiscus to the ACE-inhibiting drug captopril. The authors found that the hibiscus worked as well as the drug captopril: "obtained data confirm that the H. sabdariffa extract, standardized on 9.6mg of total anthocyanins, and captopril 50 mg/day, did not show significant differences relative to hypotensive effect, antihypertensive effectiveness, and tolerability."

</doc>
<doc id="5930230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930230" title="Madrona Creek">
Madrona Creek

Madrona Creek is a stream in the Madrona neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, USA, located within Madrona Park. A daylighting project to restore the creekbed from above 38th Avenue downhill to Lake Washington is underway .

</doc>
<doc id="5930239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930239" title="Jacob Peterson">
Jacob Peterson

Jacob Peterson (born January 27, 1986 in Portage, Michigan) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Sporting Kansas City in Major League Soccer.
Career.
College and amateur.
Peterson played youth soccer for local powerhouse Michigan Wolves, who he led to four state championships, two midwest regional championships, and a third place finish at the nationals, He played college soccer at Indiana University for three years from 2003 to 2005 where he scored 30 goals in 71 appearances. He also spent two seasons in the USL Premier Development League, playing for Michigan Bucks in 2004 and Kalamazoo Kingdom in 2005.
Professional.
Peterson was drafted in the second round, 21st overall, of the 2006 MLS SuperDraft by Colorado Rapids. He was a major part of the Rapids midfield from 2006 to 2009, amassing over 100 appearances for the club in all competitions.
On January 21, 2010, Peterson was traded to Toronto FC in exchange for allocation money. He made his debut for the club as a sub against Philadelphia Union April 15, 2010. Peterson scored his first goal for Toronto in the CONCACAF Champions League group stage versusReal Salt Lake in a 1-1 home draw on September 28, 2010. A couple weeks later on October 16, 2010 Peterson scored his first league goal for Toronto in a 2-2 home draw versus Columbus Crew. After a disappointing first half of 2011 Peterson was traded along with Alan Gordon and Nana Attakora to San Jose Earthquakes for Ryan Johnson.
Peterson remained with San Jose through the 2011 season. At season's end, the club declined his 2012 contract option and he entered the 2011 MLS Re-Entry Draft. Peterson was not selected in the draft and became a free agent.
Sporting Kansas City announced January 19, 2012 that the club had signed 25-year-old forward Peterson.

</doc>
<doc id="5930240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930240" title="Z-Ro Tolerance">
Z-Ro Tolerance

Z-Ro Tolerance is the seventh solo album by southern rapper Z-Ro.

</doc>
<doc id="5930245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930245" title="NHL 2002">
NHL 2002

NHL 2002 is a video game released by EA Sports on September 17, 2001. It is the predecessor to "NHL 2003". The game's cover man is Pittsburgh Penguins superstar and owner Mario Lemieux.
Features.
Bill Clement is replaced by Don Taylor for "NHL 2002". Taylor's quirky and often slapstick commentary style drew mixed reception from fans of the game.
After September 11, 2001, a patch was created that changed the image shown on the loading screen before New York Rangers games. Originally, it had been the World Trade Center. It was changed to the Statue of Liberty. (New York Islanders games simply showed the arena.)
GBA version.
NHL 2002 was the only game in the series to be released on the Game Boy Advance. This version is an updated port of NHL 96 for the SNES, and contains many features from that past title. It was also the last EA Sports NHL game to have 2D graphics, and the last NHL game to be on a handheld console until NHL 07. This GBA game was not released in Europe.
Soundtrack.
The games' soundtrack consists of instrumental techno songs by composer Rom Di Prisco (who has done previous games by EA games, including the NHL series), as well as these licensed tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="5930250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930250" title="Alexander Kirkland">
Alexander Kirkland

William Alexander Kirkland (September 15, 1901 – 1986) was a leading man in Hollywood during the early sound era, as well as a notable actor in Pittsburgh theatre. He was born in Mexico City, Mexico.
He attended the Taft School in Watertown, Connecticut and the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts. He toured as one of the Yale Puppeteers and then worked with the troupe at the Turnabout Theatre in Los Angeles, which operated from 1941 to 1956. His friend and theater colleague Forman Brown used him as the model for one of his characters in the early gay romance novel "Better Angel" (1933).
He married entertainer Gypsy Rose Lee in 1942. They separated after three months and
finally were divorced in 1944. From 1944 to 1950, he was married to socialite, actress, and TV producer Phyllis Adams Jenkins (1923-2004).
Little is known about his later years, but there have been no sources indicating his death, save from a source on IMDB, claiming his death sometime in the 1980s.
Filmography.
This filmography is believed to be complete. 

</doc>
<doc id="5930266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930266" title="American Chamber of Commerce in Kyrgyzstan">
American Chamber of Commerce in Kyrgyzstan

The American Chamber of Commerce in Kyrgyzstan was founded in cooperation with the US State Department in 2005 to promote and support the development of international and especially American business in Kyrgyzstan.
It is the belief of the American Chamber of Commerce that the economic interests of the international and American business community and those of the people of Kyrgyzstan are one.

</doc>
<doc id="5930269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930269" title="David Ziegler">
David Ziegler

David Ziegler (July 13, 1748 – September 24, 1811) was a German immigrant to the United States who served in the U.S. military and became the first mayor of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Early life and career.
Johann David Ziegler was born in Heidelberg, Germany. Little is known of his early life. He became a soldier, and was said to have fought in the Seven Years' War under Frederick the Great. He served with distinction in the army of Russia during the Russo-Turkish War (1768–1774). He became an officer, was wounded in action, and resigned his commission in 1774 with the demobilization of the Russian army.
About 1775 Ziegler emigrated to Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, soon before shooting began in the American Revolutionary War. He served in the Continental Army as a lieutenant and adjutant under Colonel William Thompson in the 1st Pennsylvania Regiment, a unit with many German immigrants. He was severely wounded at the Battle of Long Island on August 27, 1776. After recovering, he rejoined General George Washington's army for the Philadelphia campaign, seeing action at Brandywine, Germantown, Paoli and Monmouth, and wintering with the army at Valley Forge.
He was promoted to captain in December 1778, and served as brigade inspector of the Pennsylvania Brigade, his experience making him a good choice for drill instructor. He subsequently served as commissary general under General Arthur St. Clair, though he preferred to serve in the field with his regiment. His unit, being well-disciplined, did not participate in the mutiny of the Pennsylvania Line in January 1781. The Pennsylvania troops were reorganized and Ziegler was present at the surrender of Cornwallis at Yorktown in October 1781. After Yorktown Ziegler accompanied his regiment to South Carolina to serve under General Anthony Wayne. With the end of the war, Ziegler retired from the army on January 1, 1783. Unsure about what he was going to do with his life, he openly wept during the final review of the troops by General Nathanael Greene.
Frontier soldier.
After the war he settled in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, and opened a grocery store. He became a member of the Society of the Cincinnati. Military service again beckoned, and in August 1784 he was commissioned a captain in the United States Army to serve on the Ohio Valley frontier under Colonel Josiah Harmar. In 1789 he was promoted to major by President George Washington. That year he commanded the military escort to Native Americans, including Chief Cornplanter, at the Treaty of Fort Harmar near Marietta, Ohio. While stationed at Fort Harmar, Ziegler married Lucy Anne Sheffield on February 22, 1789. Sheffield was a native of Rhode Island, and had come to Marietta with her widowed mother, who was a shareholder in the Ohio Company. The Zieglers did not have any children.
In 1790 Ziegler was a part of Harmar's campaign against the Native American confederacy in Ohio, which ended in defeat and retreat to Fort Washington. Ziegler was a witness at Harmar's court of inquiry: he supported his commander and blamed the debacle on undisciplined militia, inadequate supplies, and poor logistics.
Commissioned a major in the First American Regiment on October 22, 1790, the next year Ziegler accompanied General St. Clair in another expedition into the Northwest Territory, which met with even more disastrous results at the Battle of the Wabash. Ziegler performed well, covering the retreat of the fleeing Americans. Ziegler was placed in command of the western forces when St. Clair was recalled for a court of inquiry. Once again Ziegler was called to testify, and again he supported his commander. Disturbed by disputes and jealousy in the officer corps, he resigned from the army on March 5, 1792.
Cincinnati.
Ziegler settled near Cincinnati, trying his hand at farming before opening a general store in the town. In December 1799, after hearing the news of the death of President Washington, Ziegler was a pallbearer in a mock funeral held for Washington, one of many such ceremonies performed around the country.
After the rapidly growing settlement of Cincinnati was incorporated as a village in 1802, Ziegler was elected as mayor, then known as "President of the Council". He was unanimously reelected for a second term in 1803, but declined to run again in 1804. He was thereafter elected as commander of the local militia and held other public offices, including serving in 1807 as the adjutant general of the Ohio Militia.
He was a wealthy man when he died in 1811. He was buried in Cincinnati. As the city grew, in 1844 his remains were transferred to another cemetery in the city. Several years later his remains were moved once again to lie with his wife in Woodland Cemetery in Dayton, Ohio. Cincinnati's Ziegler Park, at Sycamore Street between 13th and 14th Streets, was named for him by Over-the-Rhine Germans.
Historian James H. O'Donnell wrote:
Ziegler was one of those absolutely dependable soldiers and public servants to whom the new country owed a great debt. Throughout his career, he had fulfilled responsibility in the most exemplary manner. Whether escorting ammunition to General Washington, carrying a flag of truce to enemy lines, guarding Native American diplomats, or standing fast in the face of enemy fire amid hysterical militia in retreat, Ziegler was ever the calm, loyal professional.

</doc>
<doc id="5930309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930309" title="Michel Galabru">
Michel Galabru

Michel Louis Edmond Galabru is a French actor born on 27 October 1922 in Safi, Morocco.
Career.
Over the course of his career, Galabru appeared in over 200 movies and worked with such renowned directors as Bertrand Blier, Costa-Gavras, Luc Besson (for "Subway"), and Jean-Luc Godard. He is also known for his collaborations with Louis de Funès in "Le gendarme de Saint-Tropez", "Le gendarme se marie", "Le gendarme et les extra-terrestres", "Le gendarme en balade", "Le gendarme à New York", "Le gendarme et les gendarmettes", "Le petit baigneur", "L'avare", and "Nous irons a Deauville" (with Michel Serrault).
He has also worked with actors Ugo Tognazzi and Michel Serrault in "La Cage aux Folles", "La Cage aux Folles II", and ""; "Le viager"; "Les gaspars"; "Le room service"; "Antonio Vivaldi, un prince à Venise"; and "L'ibis rouge".
Awards.
In 1977, Galabru received a César for Best Actor for his portrayal of Joseph Bouvier in Bertrand Tavernier's "The Judge and the Assassin".

</doc>
<doc id="5930312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930312" title="White-crowned parrot">
White-crowned parrot

The White-crowned Parrot ("Pionus senilis"), also known as the White-crowned Pionus in aviculture, is a small parrot which is a resident breeding species from eastern Mexico to western Panama.
It is found in lowlands and foothills locally up to 1600 m altitude in forest canopy and edges, and adjacent semi-open woodland and second growth. The 3-6 white eggs are laid in an unlined nest, usually a natural cavity in a tree or a hollow palm stub.
The White-crowned Parrot is 24 cm long and weighs 220 g. The adult male has a white forehead and crown, the feature which, likened to an old man’s white hair, gave rise to the specific name "senilis". The throat is white, and the rest of the head, neck and breast are dull dark blue. The belly is light green, and the upperparts are dark green, with a yellow-olive shoulder patch. In flight, the blue underwings and red vent are conspicuous features.
The female White-crowned Parrot is similar to the male, but the blue plumage fades into scaling on the lower breast and the shoulder patch is duller. Young birds have little blue on the head and neck or red on the undertail, and the crown feathers are green edged with white. The extent of the area of white on the head gives no indication of gender, as there can be considerable variance in individuals.
The White-crowned Parrot feeds in social flocks of 30-50 birds, which may wander outside the breeding range once nesting has finished. It feeds on taking various seeds, nuts and fruits, and can be pest in crops of corn or sorghum, and commercial fruit plantations.
It can be unobtrusive when feeding since it is slow-moving, usually silent, and keeps in the canopy. However, at rest it often perches conspicuously at the top of an unopened palm frond.

</doc>
<doc id="5930319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930319" title="Sri Lankan leopard">
Sri Lankan leopard

The Sri Lankan leopard ("Panthera pardus kotiya") is a leopard subspecies native to Sri Lanka. Classified as "Endangered" by IUCN, the population is believed to be declining due to numerous threats including poaching for trade and human-leopard conflicts. No subpopulation is larger than 250 individuals.
The leopard is colloquially known as Kotiya (කොටියා) in Sinhala and Chiruththai (சிறுத்தை) in Tamil. The Sri Lankan subspecies was first described in 1956 by the Sri Lankan zoologist Deraniyagala.
Characteristics.
The Sri Lankan leopard has a tawny or rusty yellow coat with dark spots and close-set rosettes, which are smaller than in Indian leopards. Seven females measured in the early 20th century averaged a weight of and had a mean head-to-body-length of with a long tail, the largest being with a long tail; 11 males averaged , the largest being , and measured with a long tail, the largest being with a long tail.
Distribution and habitat.
Sri Lankan leopards have historically been found in all habitats throughout the island. These habitat types can be broadly categorized into:
Leopards have been observed in dry evergreen monsoon forest, arid scrub jungle, low and upper highland forest, rainforest, and wet zone intermediate forests.
In 2001 to 2002, adult resident leopard density was estimated at 17.9 individuals per in Block I of Yala National Park in Sri Lanka’s southeastern coastal arid zone. This block encompasses , contains sizeable coastal plains and permanent man-made and natural waterholes, which combined allow for a very high density of prey species.
The Wilpattu National Park is also known as a good place to watch leopards. Leopards tend to be more readily observed in parts of Sri Lanka than in other countries.
Ecology and behaviour.
A study in Yala National Park indicates that Sri Lankan leopards are not any more social than other leopard subspecies. They are solitary hunters, with the exception of females with young. Both sexes live in overlapping territories with the ranges of males overlapping the smaller ranges of several females, as well as overlapping the ranges of neighbouring males. They prefer hunting at night, but are also active during dawn and dusk, and daytime hours. They rarely haul their kills into trees, which is likely due to the lack of competition and the relative abundance of prey. Since leopards are the apex predators they don't need to protect their prey.
The Sri Lankan leopard is the country's top predator. Like most cats, it is pragmatic in its choice of diet which can include small mammals, birds, reptiles as well as larger animals. Axis or spotted deer make up the majority of its diet in the dry zone. The animal also preys on sambar, barking deer, wild boar and monkeys.
The cat is known to tackle almost fully grown buffalos.
The Sri Lankan leopard hunts like other leopards, silently stalking its prey until it is within striking distance where it unleashes a burst of speed to quickly pursue and pounce on its victim. The prey is usually dispatched with a single bite to the throat.
There appears to be no birth season or peak, with births scattered across months. A litter usually consists of 2 cubs.
Threats.
The survival of the Sri Lankan leopard is threatened due to poaching for trade (primarily to India) and human-leopard conflict.
Conservation.
Further research into the Sri Lankan leopard is needed for any conservation measure to be effective. The Leopard Project under the Wilderness and Wildlife Conservation Trust (WWCT) is working closely with the government of Sri Lanka to ensure this occurs. The Sri Lanka Wildlife Conservation Society will also undertake some studies. The WWCT is engaged in the central hills region where fragmentation of the leopard's habitat is rapidly occurring.
In captivity.
As of December 2011, there are 75 captive Sri Lankan leopards in zoos worldwide. Within the European Endangered Species Programme 27 male, 29 female and 8 unsexed individuals are kept.
The EEP breeding program is managed by Zoo Cerza, France.
Local names.
"Panthera pardus kotiya" is the kotiyā proper. But due to a nomenclature mishap that occurred in the late 1980s, "kotiyā" has now become the colloquial Sinhala term for tiger, and "diviyā" (දිවියා) is used for the leopard.
In late 80s and early 90s, the word 'kotiya' was being frequently incorrectly translated into English as "tiger" in Sri Lankan media due to incorrect information that was received from the then head of the Wildlife Department in Sri Lanka. He had allegedly said that "there are no kotiyas (tigers) in Sri Lanka but diviyās", misinterpreting "Panthera pardus kotiya" as "diviyā", the Sinhala term used for small wild cats. Although it is correct that there are no tigers in Sri Lanka, the formal Sinhala word for tiger is "viyagraya" and not "kotiyā".
Sri Lankans started to use "kotiyā" to mean "tiger", so "diviyā" was chosen for "leopard".
The term "diviyā" has been used for centuries in Sri Lanka to refer to smaller wild species of the cat family such as "Handun Diviyā" or "Kola Diviyā" (both names are used interchangeably for the Fishing Cat and the Rusty-spotted cat).
A further complicating factor is that the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (Tamil Tigers) were colloquially known to the Sinhala-speaking community as 'Koti', the plural form of 'Kotiyā'.

</doc>
<doc id="5930321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930321" title="Ninja Gaiden (Nintendo Entertainment System)">
Ninja Gaiden (Nintendo Entertainment System)

, known in Japan as and as Shadow Warriors in Europe, is a side-scrolling platforming video game. It was developed and published by Tecmo for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES); its development and release coincided with the beat 'em up arcade version of the same name. It was released in in Japan, in March 1989 in North America, and in in Europe. It has been ported to several other platforms, including the PC Engine, the Super NES, the Virtual Console, and mobile phones.
The story follows a ninja named Ryu Hayabusa as he journeys to America to avenge his murdered father. There, he learns that a person named "the Jaquio" plans to take control of the world by unleashing an ancient demon through the power contained in two statues. Featuring platforming gameplay similar to "Castlevania" and the NES version of "Batman", players control Ryu through six "Acts" that comprise 20 levels; they encounter enemies that must be dispatched with Ryu's katana and other secondary weapons.
"Ninja Gaiden" has been renowned for its elaborate story and usage of anime-like cinematic cutscenes. It received extensive coverage and won several awards from video gaming magazines, while criticism focused on its high and unforgiving difficulty, particularly in the later levels. Over fifteen years after its release, the game continued to receive acclaim from print and online publications. It was novelized as part of the "Worlds of Power" NES game adaptations written by Seth Godin and Peter Lerangis, and it spawned a soundtrack CD. On the NES, "Ninja Gaiden" has been described as one of the best arcade-style games, and the best ninja-related game.
Plot.
"Ninja Gaiden" features a ninja named Ryu Hayabusa who seeks revenge for the death of his father and gradually finds himself involved in a sinister plot that threatens the entire world. The story opens with Ryu's father Ken being killed in a duel by an unknown assailant. After the duel, Ryu finds a letter written by Ken which tells Ryu to find an archeologist named Walter Smith in America. Before Ryu can find Walter, Ryu is shot and kidnapped by a mysterious woman; she hands him a demonic-looking statue before releasing him. Ryu then finds Walter, and Walter tells him of the demon statues he and Ken had found in the Amazon ruins. Walter tells Ryu of an evil demon that "SHINOBI" defeated and whose power was confined into two "Light" and "Shadow" demon statues. Ryu shows Walter the "Shadow" demon statue given to him from the woman, but during their conversation, a masked figure suddenly breaks into the cabin and steals the Shadow statue. Ryu gives chase, defeats the masked figure, and retrieves the statue; but when he returns he finds that Walter is dying and the Light statue is missing. Right after Walter dies, three armed men confront Ryu and tell him to come with them.
Ryu is taken to an interrogation room, where he meets Foster, head of the Special Auxiliary Unit of the Central Intelligence Agency. Foster tells Ryu about an over 2000-year-old temple Walter discovered in some ruins in the Amazon. He continues by saying that Walter, one day, mysteriously sealed the ruins, in which nobody has since ventured near. Foster explains to Ryu that they have been monitoring the activity of someone named Guardia de Mieux, also known as "the Jaquio", who recently moved into the temple. Using the statues, the Jaquio plans to awaken the demon and use it to destroy the world. Foster asks Ryu to go to the temple and eliminate him. After making it into the temple, Ryu discovers that the Jaquio is holding captive the woman who handed him the "Shadow" statue earlier. He orders Ryu to give up the demon statue after threatening the woman's life. Ryu is then dropped from sight through a trapdoor and into a catacomb.
After fighting his way back to the top of the temple, Ryu encounters Bloody Malth, whom Ryu defeats. While dying, Malth reveals that he was the one who dueled with Ryu's father, that his father is still alive and that Ryu will meet him as he presses onward. When he reaches the temple's inner chambers, he discovers that his father was not killed but was instead possessed by an evil figure. He destroys the evil figure, which releases Ken from its hold. Jaquio, enraged from Ken's release from the possession, shows himself; he immediately tries to kill Ryu with a fiery projectile, but Ken throws himself in front of Ryu and takes the hit. Jaquio is killed during the ensuing fight by Ryu, but then a lunar eclipse occurs, causing the demon statues to transform into the demon. After Ryu defeats the demon, Ken tells him he does not have much longer to live due to Jaquio's attack. He tells Ryu to leave him behind in the temple while it collapses and to take the woman with him. Afterwards, Foster, communicating via satellite, orders the woman to kill Ryu and steal the demon statues; she chooses to be with Ryu instead of carrying out the order. The two kiss, and the woman tells Ryu her name, Irene Lew; the two watch as the sun rises.
Gameplay.
"Ninja Gaiden" is a side-scrolling platform game in which the player takes control of the player character, Ryu Hayabusa, and guides him through six "Acts" that comprise 20 levels. Ryu's physical strength is represented by a life meter, which decreases when he is hit by an enemy or projectile. A "life" is lost when the life meter depletes entirely, when Ryu falls off of the screen, or when the timer runs out. A game over screen appears when all lives are lost; however, the player may restart the level on which this occurred by continuing. At the end of every act, the player fights a boss; bosses have life meters that the player depletes with attacks. A boss is defeated when its life meter is depleted entirely. Each boss is one of the "Malice Four" – evil underlings of the Jaquio, the game's main antagonist. The Malice Four consist of Barbarian, Bomberhead, Basaquer, and their leader Bloody Malth.
Players attack enemies by thrusting at them with Ryu's Dragon Sword – a katana-like sword passed down from the Hayabusa clan for generations. They can also use "secondary" weapons that consume Ryu's "spiritual strength". Secondary weapons include throwing stars, "windmill throwing stars" which cut through enemies and return like boomerangs, a series of twirling fireballs named "the art of the fire wheel", and a mid-air slashing technique called the "jump & slash". When Ryu's spiritual strength meter becomes too low, the player cannot use secondary weapons. Players can replenish Ryu's spiritual strength by collecting red and blue "spiritual strength" items found in lamps and lanterns. Other items found along the way include hourglasses that freeze all enemies and projectiles for five seconds, bonus point containers, potions that restore six units of physical strength, "invincible fire wheels" that make Ryu temporarily invincible to attacks, and 1-ups.
Ryu has the ability to jump on and off ladders and walls, and by using the directional pad, he can climb up or down ladders. Ryu can spring off walls by holding the directional pad in the opposite direction he is facing and pressing the jump button. He cannot attack while on walls or ladders. Players can use this technique to get Ryu to climb up spaces between walls and columns by holding down the jump button and alternating between left and right on the directional pad. Ryu can also vertically climb a single wall by springing off it and then quickly pressing the directional pad back towards the wall.
Development.
"Ninja Gaiden" was developed by Tecmo, who also developed the "Tecmo Bowl" and "Rygar" series. The game was released in December 1988 in Japan under the title "Ninja Ryukenden", which literally translates to "Legend of the Dragon Sword". It was developed and released around the same time as the beat 'em up arcade version of the same name; neither of the two games were ports of each other but were parallel projects developed by different teams. According to developer Masato Kato, the term "ninja" was gaining popularity in North America, prompting Tecmo to develop a ninja-related game for the NES at the same time the arcade version of "Ninja Gaiden" was being developed. The NES version was developed and directed by Hideo Yoshizawa (listed as "Sakurazaki" in the game's credits). "Ninja Gaiden" was also Masato Kato's first full-time project as a video game developer, and he contributed the game's graphics, animations and instruction manual illustrations.
Drawing inspiration from the "Mario" series, Yoshizawa kept the same title but changed everything else; it became a platformer as opposed to a beat 'em up such as "Double Dragon"; the gameplay was modeled after Konami's "Castlevania", with Ryu being equipped with a katana-like Dragon Sword, shurikens, and ninpo techniques such as fire wheels. In designing the protagonist Ryu Hayabusa, the development team wanted him to be unique from other ninjas. They designed him with a ninja vest in order to place emphasis on his muscles, and they furnished him with a cowl that arched outward. They originally wanted to equip Ryu with sensors and a helmet with an inside monitor to check his surroundings, but that idea was scrapped. According to Kato, they utilized specific locations and environments to justify the need for having a ninja for a main character.
Yoshizawa placed greater emphasis on story as opposed to the arcade version, and he wrote and designed the plot that included over 20 minutes of cinematic cutscenes – the first time an NES game contained such sequences. Tecmo called the cutscene system "Tecmo Theater", in which the game reveals the storyline between Acts through the usage of animated sequences. These sequences are used at the beginning of each Act to introduce new characters such as Irene Lew, Walter Smith, and the Jaquio. This feature uses techniques such as close-ups, alternate camera angles, differing background music, and sound effects. It was used to make the game more enjoyable for players. Unlike earlier titles such as "Final Fantasy", the cutscenes consisted of large anime art on the top half of the screen with dialogue on the bottom half. This made the artistic style more reminiscent of other manga titles such as "Lupin III" and "Golgo 13". Dimitri Criona, Tecmo USA's director of sales and marketing, said that the advantages of console games over arcade games allowed the creation of a longer game and the inclusion of cutscenes, which Tecmo trademarked as "cinema screens"; he noted the lack of motivation to drop quarters that has allowed this on home consoles, which required a different reward structure than in arcade games. The game contains a feature that was originally a glitch but left in the final game intentionally, according to Masato Kato. When losing to any of the final three bosses in the game, the player is sent back to the beginning of the sixth act.
When the game's text was translated from Japanese to English, the game needed to be reprogrammed in order to accomplish this; different companies handled this process in different ways. Tecmo's Japanese writers wrote rough translations in English, and they would then fax them to the American division. According to Criona, the American division would "edit it and put it back together, telling the story in a context that an American English speaker would understand. This would go back and forth several times." Moreover, the game's text was stored in picture files instead of raw computer text, and because of the NES' hardware limitations, the English text need to be very clear and concise to fall within those limitations; many times, different words with the same meaning but with less characters had to be used. All symbols and objects were scrutinized by Nintendo of America, who had specific rules on what could be included for North American releases; for instance, any Satanic, Christian, or any other religious, sexual, or drug-related references were not allowed.
Release.
Since the game's title was deemed too difficult to read for English audiences, it was renamed when it was released in Western markets. In early 1988 advertisements from "Nintendo Fun Club News", Tecmo used "Dragon Ninja" as a tentative title for the U.S. release. They decided to use the title "Ninja Gaiden" when the game was released in the U.S. in March 1989; the title literally meant "Ninja Side-Story", but the game was not intended as a spin-off of the arcade version. According to an interview with developer Masato Kato, the staff, determining how to translate "Ryukenden" into English, went with "Ninja Gaiden" "because it sounded cool". In Europe, the game was scheduled to be released in September 1990, but the release was delayed until September 1991. It was retitled as "Shadow Warriors" – just as "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" was renamed "Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles" – as ninjas were considered a taboo subject in Europe. Its was one of many ninja-related video games around the time, such as "The Legend of Kage", "Ninja Warriors", and "Shinobi".
Upon "Ninja Gaiden"s North American release, Nintendo of America, whose play-testers liked the game and gave it high ratings, decided to help with its marketing. It was featured prominently in Nintendo's house organ "Nintendo Power"; according to Criona, it did not take a lot of effort to market the game through the magazine, nor did Tecmo or Nintendo do much else to promote it. The game's demand eventually exceeded its supply. While Tecmo anticipated that the game would be a hit, they did not realize at the time its impact it would have in the video game industry, according to Kohler, "with its groundbreaking use of cinematics". Yoshizawa would go on to direct the sequel ' (1990) and remained as an executive producer for ' (1991), while Masato Kato took over directing the game design.
"Ninja Gaiden" received preview coverage in the January–February 1989 issue of "Nintendo Power" in its "Pak Watch" section, where it "got the highest marks of any title we've magazine's staff seen in a long time", and that it was expected to be No. 1 on their "Player's Poll" quickly. The preview compared Ryu's ability to climb and spring off walls to the gameplay in "Metroid". The game was unveiled at the 1989 International Winter Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, and its display featured a demo of the game and a live person dressed as a ninja. Tecmo predicted that the game would be the top-selling third-party title for the NES.
Ports.
PC Engine.
The game was first ported to the PC Engine in 1992 and was published by Hudson Soft and released only in Japan; it featured an alternate English and Traditional Chinese translation, more colorful and detailed graphics, and difficulty and gameplay tweaks. In order to switch among the three different languages, the player will have to pause the Select + I + II together at the title screen. 
SNES.
It appeared as a remake for the "Ninja Gaiden Trilogy" compilation for the Super NES in 1995. Some reviewers appreciated the redrawn graphics and music in this version, but others found them to be an inadequate effort. "Electronic Gaming Monthly" reviewers compared it unfavorably to another updated NES remake, ""; they called the version "an exact port-over with no noticeable enhancements in graphics, sound and play control".
NES and SNES ports.
The "Ninja Gaiden" has since been ported to other consoles. Along with the other two games in the "Ninja Gaiden" trilogy, the SNES version was featured as an unlockable game in the 2004 Xbox Ninja Gaiden game.
The NES version was released on Wii's Virtual Console on in Japan and on in North America. Europeans, Australians, and New Zealanders have been able to purchase the game as part of "Hanabi Festival" on . The PC Engine version was also released for Virtual Console in Japan on .
The NES version will be released for the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console, and was originally set for a November 8 release. However, it was delayed until December 13, 2012, making Tecmo's second classic game release for the 3DS after "Mighty Bomb Jack", which released on December 6.
Reception.
"Ninja Gaiden" received strong publicity in "Nintendo Power" in 1989 and 1990. It was featured on the cover of the magazine's March–April 1989 issue and was referenced in the following issue in a "Howard and Nester" comic strip. It was one of the featured games in both March–April and May–June 1989 issues of the magazine; both issues included a walkthrough up to the fifth Act, a review, and a plot overview. Underlining the game's difficulty, it appeared in several issues in the magazine's "Counselor's Corner" and "Classified Information" help sections. The game debuted at No. 3 on its "Top 30" list for July–August 1989, behind ' and "Super Mario Bros. 2"; it stayed at No. 3 in the following September–October 1989 issue. The game was featured in the ""Nintendo Power" Awards '89" as one of the top games that year. It was nominated for "Best Graphics and Sound", "Best Challenge", "Best Theme, Fun", "Best Character" (Ryu Hayabusa), "Best Ending", and "Best Overall"; and it won for "Best Challenge" and "Best Ending". In its preview of ', the magazine said that "the colorful, detailed and dynamic cinema scenes of the original "Ninja Gaiden" set a standard for action game narration that has since been widely emulated. These cinema scenes made "Ninja Gaiden" play almost like a movie."
The game received strong reviews and publicity from other video gaming magazines at the time. In a review from "VideoGames & Computer Entertainment", the presentation and gameplay was compared to "Castlevania", while the cinematic cutscenes were compared favorably to "Karateka" and other computer games by Cinemaware. The review praised the game's animation in these cutscenes and noted Tecmo's usage of close-ups and body movements. The reviewer said that while the cutscenes were not fluid, they were effective and entertaining and gave important information as to what the player was supposed to do. He appreciated that the game had unlimited continues which slightly offset its difficulty, but he criticized it for having overdetailed background graphics especially in the indoor levels, saying that some bottomless pits and items in these levels become slightly camouflaged. From July to October 1989, the game was listed at No. 1 on "Electronic Gaming Monthly"s "Top Ten Video Games" list; it fell to No. 2 on the list behind "Mega Man 2" in the following November issue. In their "Best and Worst of 1989", it received awards for "Best Game of the Year" for the NES and "Best Ending in a Video Game" for all consoles. The staff said that "Ninja Gaiden" "proved to be an instant winner" with its cinematic cutscenes and unique gameplay. They added that the game's climax was better than some movies' climaxes at the time and that it established continuity for a sequel, which would be released the following year. Later in June 1994, the magazine ranked it at No. 4 in a special list of "Top Ten Most Difficult Games" of all time for all consoles.
"Ninja Gaiden" was featured on the cover of the pilot issue of UK magazine "Mean Machines" in July 1990; the magazine was distributed as part of the July 1990 issue of "Computer and Video Games". In its review, Julian Rignall compared the game to its beat 'em up arcade counterpart, which was titled "Shadow Warriors". He noted that the game has great graphics that feature diverse backgrounds and character sprites; he gave special praise to its usage of cartoon-like animation sequences between Acts in which the game's plot unfolds. He enjoyed the game's difficulty especially with the bosses, but he noted that the game will seem tough at first until players get accustomed to the controls. He criticized the game for its sound, which he said did not fit with the graphics and was "racy", but said that "what's there is atmospheric and suits the action". He highly recommended the game to fans of the beat 'em up and combat genres.
The game (the NES version now officially titled "Shadow Warriors" in Europe) was reviewed again in "Mean Machines" July 1991 issue. In the review, Matt Regan and Paul Glancey praised the game's detailed and animated character sprites and its difficulty level. Regan was impressed with the game's high standards of gameplay, sound, and overall depth; he noted the game's frustrating difficulty but pointed out that it has unlimited continues. Glancey compared the game to the 1990 NES version of "Batman" with the similarities of wall-jumping mechanics; he said that its graphics were not as well-developed as "Batman"s but were still satisfactory. He praised its detailed sprites and their animations along with the "Tecmo Theater" concept, noting that the cutscenes "help supply a lot of atmosphere". He said that it is of the best arcade-style games on the NES as well as the best ninja-related game on the system.
The game received some praise and criticism in the August 1991 issue of German magazine "Power Play". The review praised the game for its attention to detail and challenge and noted that players need to master certain gameplay skills to move on. Criticisms included a "lack of variety" and dullness in gameplay, in which it was compared to a "visit to the tax office". The PC Engine version was briefly mentioned in the December 1991 issue of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" as part of a review of games that have been released outside the U.S. They noted the faithful translation from the NES version as well as the revamped and more detailed graphics; they said that "PC Engine owners should not miss this one!"
Legacy.
In 2004, Tecmo began releasing low-priced episodic installments of "Ninja Gaiden" for AT&T and Verizon mobile phones on both BREW and Java platforms. The official English Tecmo Games mobile website advertised it for a future release along with a mobile version of "Tecmo Bowl". They planned to release the entire game throughout 2004 in a series of four installments – similar to what Upstart Games did when they ported the NES version of "Castlevania" to mobile phones. The port featured the same visuals and soundtrack found on the NES version, and each installment was to consist of several levels of gameplay at a time. The first installment, titled "Ninja Gaiden Episode I: Destiny", was released on , and it included only the first Act from the NES version but added two new levels. The second installment was planned to be released in North America and was previewed by GameSpot in September 2004, but it – along with the third and fourth installments – was never released.
The mobile phone port of "Ninja Gaiden" was met with some praise and criticism. IGN's Levi Buchanan and GameSpot's Damon Brown praised the port for its accurate translation from the NES to mobile phones, saying that the gameplay, graphics, and cinematic cutscenes remain true to the NES version. They praised the game's controls, despite the game's omission of the ability to duck so that pressing "down" on the phone's directional pad could be used for secondary weapons; Brown said the port had better controls than most other mobile phone games at the time. They both criticized the port for its lack of sound quality, but Buchanan said that this was not Tecmo's fault. In a preview of the port, GameSpot's Avery Score pointed to generally inferior American-made handsets as the reason for its sound shortcomings.
"Retro Gamer" took a look back at "Ninja Gaiden" in its March 2004 issue, in the midst of the release of the 2004 Xbox remake. They said that the game broke the mold of conventional video game titles by including a plot with cinematic cutscenes added between gameplay segments. They added that the concept of adding cinematics for a game's introduction, plot, and ending was a new concept which "naturally impressed the gaming public". They noted the game's high difficulty level, saying that the game "threw up an immense challenge even for the veteran gamer, and almost dared you to complete it mentally and physically intact". Chris Kohler, in his 2004 book "", said, while it wasn't as far-reaching as "Tecmo Bowl", "it ended up revolutionizing video games with its courageous, unique, and trailblazing use of cinema scenes".
Upon its release on the Virtual Console, "Ninja Gaiden" was met with high praise, especially for its elaborate story, amount of narrative, and usage of anime-like cinematic sequences. Some critics have bemoaned its gameplay for being too similar to "Castlevania"; similarities include identical displays on the top of the screen, items contained in breakable lanterns, and a nearly identical "secondary weapons" feature. A 1UP.com review noted that the two games have different dynamics and that several actions possible in "Ninja Gaiden" would be impossible in "Castlevania". Contemporary reviews have considered the game "groundbreaking" for its pioneering use of stylized cutscenes, high quality music, and dark atmosphere. One review said that the game makes up for its high difficulty level with good gameplay. IGN said that it is one of the best platforming video games of all time.
Reviewers have criticized the game for its high and unforgiving difficulty level especially late in the game. A review from 1UP.com referred to the latter levels as an "unfair display of intentional cheapness". In his review of the Virtual Console version, GameSpot's Alex Navarro said "the game will beat you to a pulp" and that it "assaults you time and time again with its punishing difficulty, insidiously placed enemies, and rage-inducing boss fights". According to his review, the game starts easy, but the difficulty starts to increase halfway through the second Act and continues through the sixth Act; Navarro describes the sixth Act's difficulty as being "one of the bottom levels of gaming hell". IGN said that this game was one of the most difficult video games of all time, setting the trend for the rest of the series; however, they pointed out that its difficulty and graphics are "defining characteristics have carried over through the years into modern day ["Ninja" "Gaiden" sequels". ScrewAttack listed the game as the seventh hardest title in the NES library.
Over fifteen years after its creation, "Ninja Gaiden" has maintained its position as one of the most popular games for the NES. A 2006 Joystiq reader poll, with over 12,000 votes, listed the game at No. 10 in a list of top NES games. Another reader poll from GameSpot listed the game at No. 10 in its top 10 NES games list. It was No. 17 on IGN's "Top 100 NES Games" list. In August 2001 in its 100th issue, "Game Informer" listed the game at No. 93 in their "Top 100 Games of All Time" list. In 2006 "Electronic Gaming Monthly" featured a follow-up to their "The 200 Greatest Videogames of Their Time", in which readers wrote in and discussed games they felt were ignored on the list; the game was listed at No. 16 in the top 25 games discussed. At the end of 2005, "Nintendo Power" ran a serial feature titled "The Top 200 Nintendo Games Ever". The list, which included games for all Nintendo systems, had the game at No. 89. In August 2008, the same magazine ranked it the tenth best NES game of all time; they praised the gameplay and described the cinematic cutscenes as revolutionary for its time. The game's music received honorable mention in IGN's list of "Best 8-Bit Soundtracks". Its introduction was featured in IGN's "Top 100 Video Game Moments" list at #53; it was also listed as the second best video game cutscene of all time in "Complex" magazine.
"Nintendo Power" honored the game in its November 2010 issue, which celebrated the 25th anniversary of the NES. The magazine listed its box art, which depicts a ninja with a burning city in the background, as one of its favorite designs in the NES library. The magazine's Editor in Chief Chris Slate was equally impressed by the game's box art. He also reminisced the game's high level of difficulty with its re-spawning enemies and enemy birds that knocked players into pits, saying this game "may have taught me how to curse". He further praised gameplay features such as clinging on walls and using ninpo techniques, and he noted the game's cinematic cutscenes, including the ominous opening sequence that featured two ninjas who launch into the air at each other and clashing their swords in the moonlight. He said that ""Ninja Gaiden" was about as cool as an 8-bit game could be, especially for ninja-crazed kids of the '80s who, like me, had worn out their VHS copies of "Enter the Ninja"". In a July 2011 issue, "Retro Gamer" listed the game's opening as one of the most popular ones at the time. The magazine noted how its usage of cutscenes, animations, and overall presentation put the game above most other action titles at the time. While it lauded the controls and gameplay elements, as with other reviews, it criticized the difficulty, calling it "one of the most challenging games on the console". It noted how defeated enemies re-spawn in certain spots, how enemies are placed on the edges of platforms, and the structure of the final level.
Related media.
In July 1990 Scholastic Corporation published a novelization of "Ninja Gaiden" under the "Worlds of Power" series of NES game adaptations, created and packaged by Seth Godin under the pseudonym "F. X. Nine". Godin and Peter Lerangis, under the pseudonym "A. L. Singer", wrote the novelization. As with the other "Worlds of Power" books, the amount of violence present in the video game was toned down in the novelization, because Godin and Scholastic were concerned that some of the material in the video game was inappropriate for a young audience. The novel did not strictly adhere to the game's storyline; for instance, the ending was changed so that Ryu's father survived. Ryu's father remained alive in the story because Godin believed that the revised ending was consistent with the "Worlds of Power" character and as real-life fathers Godin and Lerangis felt reluctance to leave Ryu without a father. The book's cover, otherwise a replication of the North American box art, had the kunai held in Ryu's front hand was airbrushed out, leaving him to prod the air with an empty fist.
A soundtrack CD, "Ninja Ryukenden: Tecmo GSM-1", was released by Pony Canyon in February 1989. The first half of the CD starts with an arranged medley of the game's music. It then continues with enhanced versions of the game's music which utilized stereophonic sound and additional PCM channels. The remainder of the CD features music from the arcade version.

</doc>
<doc id="5930332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930332" title="Olive snail">
Olive snail

Olive snails, also known as olive shells and olives, scientific name Olividae, are a taxonomic family of medium to large predatory sea snails with smooth, shiny, elongated oval-shaped shells. 
The shells often show various muted but attractive colors, and may be patterned also. They are marine gastropod molluscs in the family Olividae within the main clade Neogastropoda.
Also see the Olivellidae, the dwarf olives, which were previously grouped within this family, but which now have their own family.
Taxonomy.
According to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi (2005) the family Olividae consists of three subfamilies:
Distribution.
Olive snails are found worldwide, in subtropical and tropical seas and oceans.
Habitat.
These snails are found on sandy substrates intertidally and subtidally.
Life habits.
The olive snails are all carnivorous sand-burrowers. They feed mostly on bivalves and carrion and are known as some of the fastest burrowers among snails. They secrete a mucus similar to that of the Muricidae, from which a purple dye can be made.
Shell description.
Physically the shells are oval and cylindrical in shape. They have a well-developed stepped spire. Olive shells have a siphonal notch at the posterior end of the long narrow aperture. The siphon of the living animal protrudes from the siphon notch. 
The shell surface is extremely glossy because in life the mantle almost always covers the shell.
The fossil record.
Olive shells first appeared during the Campanian.
Human use.
Olive shells are popular with shell collectors, and are also often made into jewelry and other decorative items.
The shell of the lettered olive, "Oliva sayana", is the state shell of South Carolina in the United States.
Genera.
Genera within the family Olividae include:

</doc>
<doc id="5930339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930339" title="Donald Holmquest">
Donald Holmquest

Donald Lee Holmquest (born April 7, 1939, Dallas) is a former NASA Astronaut. He is currently the CEO of the California Regional Health Information Organization (RHIO). 
He attended Roger Q. Mills Elementary School and is a 1957 graduate of W. H. Adamson High School in Dallas; he received a bachelor of science degree in Electrical Engineering from Southern Methodist University in 1962 and doctorates in Medicine and Physiology from Baylor University in 1967 and 1968, respectively. He has completed specialty training in Nuclear Medicine and is a Diplomat of the American Board of Nuclear Medicine. He also received the law degree from the University of Houston in 1988.
Organizations.
Holmquest is a member of the Society of Nuclear Medicine, American College of Nuclear Physicians, the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation. Holmquest held a faculty appointment as Adjunct Professor of Medicine at Baylor College of Medicine.
After receiving his medical degree and his doctorate in Physiology from Baylor College of Medicine, and completing his internship in internal medicine at The Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas, Holmquest was selected as a scientist-astronaut by NASA in August 1967. After completing initial academic training and a 53-week course in flight training at Williams Air Force Base, Arizona where he earned Air Force Wings, he worked on the Apollo program, and Skylab habitability systems and medical experiments for a period of 1½ years.
He logged 750 hours flying time in jet aircraft prior to resigning from NASA in September 1973.
Holmquest then returned to Baylor to train in nuclear medicine, and then assumed the role of Chief of Nuclear Medicine at Ben Taub General Hospital in Houston. He established the Department of Nuclear Medicine at Eisenhower Medical Center in Rancho Mirage, California, and then took the post of Associate Dean of Medicine at Texas A&M University, where he was instrumental in developing A&M's new College of Medicine.
While pursuing his legal education, Holmquest also maintained a successful private practice in medicine. He received his juris doctorate cum laude from the University of Houston, and after serving as a senior partner at Wood, Lucksinger & Epstein until its dissolution, he established the firm of Holmquest & Associates, dedicated to the health care industry. He now practices medicine and law on a full-time basis.
Bibliography.
Holmquest's career is chronicled in the book "NASA's Scientist-Astronauts" by David Shayler and Colin Burgess.

</doc>
<doc id="5930384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930384" title="Black Snake Moan (film)">
Black Snake Moan (film)

Black Snake Moan is a 2006 American drama film written and directed by Craig Brewer, and starring Samuel L. Jackson, Christina Ricci, Justin Timberlake, and Kim Richards. The plot focuses on a Mississippi bluesman (Jackson) who holds a troubled local woman (Ricci) captive in his house in an attempt to cure her of her nymphomania after finding her severely beaten on the side of a road.
The title of the film derives from the 1927 Blind Lemon Jefferson song. The film draws numerous references to the Mississippi Blues movement, not least in its title and soundtrack.
Plot.
The film centers on two main characters: Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson), a deeply religious farmer and former blues guitarist, and Rae (Christina Ricci), a young nymphomaniac. Lazarus' wife and his brother were having an affair, which has left him bitter and angry. Rae's boyfriend Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) leaves for deployment with the 196th Field Artillery Brigade, Tennessee National Guard, and in his absence, she indulges in bouts of promiscuity and drug use. During one of Rae's binges, Ronnie's friend Gill (Michael Raymond-James) tries to take advantage of her. She laughs at his advances, comparing him unfavorably with another man, and he severely beats her. Believing she's dead, Gill dumps Rae and leaves her for dead in only a shirt and underwear by the side of the road and drives away.
Lazarus discovers Rae unconscious in the road the next morning and brings her home to nurse her back to health. Lazarus goes to see Tehronne (David Banner) - the man who Lazarus thought had beaten her - and learns of her promiscuity. Over the course of several days, Rae, delirious with fever, occasionally wakes up and tries to flee from Lazarus. He chains her to the radiator to keep her from running away. After Rae regains her wits, Lazarus announces that it is his spiritual duty to heal her of her sinful ways and refuses to release her until he does so. Rae makes several attempts to escape, and even briefly has sex with a teenage boy who helps out on Lazarus' farm.
She eventually comes to tolerate her position. Lazarus buys her a conservative dress to wear, plays the guitar for her, and feeds her home-cooked meals. Lazarus' pastor and close friend, R.L. (John Cothran, Jr.), visits Lazarus at his house and discovers that Lazarus is imprisoning Rae. The pastor tries to reason with Lazarus and the group shares a meal.
Meanwhile, Ronnie returns to town after being discharged from the National Guard due to his severe anxiety disorder. While searching for Rae, who has disappeared, he meets Gill, who informs him that Rae cheats on him whenever he is out of town. Ronnie attacks Gill, steals his truck, and continues searching for Rae.
In the morning, Lazarus frees Rae, having decided that he has no authority to pass judgment on her. Rae chooses to stay with Lazarus of her own will. Later, Rae and Lazarus take a trip into town, where Rae confronts her mother (Kim Richards) about the sexual abuse she suffered at the hands of her mother's partner. Meanwhile, Lazarus has formed a budding romance with the local pharmacist, Angela (S. Epatha Merkerson). He plays a blues concert at a local bar, which Rae attends. Ronnie spots Rae and follows her to Lazarus' house. He confronts the pair with a pistol, but Lazarus talks him down and summons the pastor. Ronnie and Rae decide they are stronger together than apart and get married. While driving away, Ronnie suffers a panic attack and Rae begins to have one of her spells but then pulls herself together, to take care of Ronnie.
Production.
For the film, Jackson spent six or seven hours a day for half a year learning how to play the blues guitar for several songs he plays throughout the film, all of which derive from the repertoire of R. L. Burnside. Ricci wore an actual chain during filming and ate only foods of no nutritional value to achieve a sickly appearance. She told "Entertainment Weekly" that she remained scantily clad even when the cameras were not rolling: "Sam would be like, 'Put some clothes on!' I was like, 'No, you don't understand. I'm doing something important.'"
Reception.
Critical response.
Reviews for the film were mixed. As of August 18, 2011, Rotten Tomatoes reported a 66% "Fresh" rating based on 150 reviews, with an average rating of 6.3 out of 10 while Metacritic awarded the film an average rating of 52 out of 100 based on 34 reviews.
On the television program "Ebert & Roeper", filmmaker Kevin Smith, filling in for Roger Ebert, described the film as the best of the year thus far. Smith praised Ricci and Jackson, saying this was Ricci's best performance and Jackson's best performance since "Pulp Fiction" (1994). Richard Roeper also gave the film a "thumb up" rating. Matt Glasby of Film4, however, awarded the film only 1 star out of 5, calling it a "pressure-cooked mess" that was "bad enough to make gums bleed". 
The film was also criticized by feminist activists for its portrayal of sexualized violence. 
Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" declared the film the year's Worst Soft-Core Sex on his list of the Worst Movies of 2007.
Box office.
During its March 2–4, 2007 opening weekend in the US the film earned $4 million, putting it in eighth place behind films including other new releases "Wild Hogs" and "Zodiac".
Marketing.
In April 2008, Christina Ricci commented on the promotional poster for the film, criticizing it as exploitative of women:
Soundtrack.
Black Snake Moan was released January 30, 2007 by New West Records featuring various artists including four tracks performed by Jackson himself. The 17 tracks cover classic to modern blues.
Critical reviews.
Glenn Gaslin at "Moving Pictures Magazine" briefly reviewed and praised the album: "It should make anyone who loves the blues, er, happy."
Chad Grischow at IGN reviewed the album at length, concluding with, "The album does an excellent job at capturing the sweaty underbelly of the southern blues scene, and is a recommended listen, even if not for the reasons you originally picked it up."
On February 16, 2007, Sarah Linn of "Sound the Sirens" Magazine wrote in her final paragraph,
James B. Eldred at Bullz-Eye.com concluded his favorable review with,
Commercial rankings.
As of May 20, 2008, Amazon.com ranked the album #8,894 in its music category. When considered within the blues subcategories, it was #91 in Regional Blues and #13 in Delta Blues.
References.
General sources:

</doc>
<doc id="5930385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930385" title="Charles E. Stevens American Atheist Library and Archives">
Charles E. Stevens American Atheist Library and Archives

Charles E. Stevens American Atheist Library and Archives (CESAALA) is a collection of over 40,000 volumes of books, documents, and various other research tools. It was founded by the American Atheists and currently records oral histories of various intellectuals and lecturers. The library also contains “historical pamphlets, leather-bound volumes, early free-thought publications, and other separationist arcana” The library is valued at between $1 million and $3 million and is one of American Atheists' most valuable assets. The American Atheist Press is a division of the Charles E. Stevens American Atheist Library.
Charles E. Stevens.
The library is named for Charles E. Stevens, a stonemason from Hawthorne, California. Stevens had fought in the Spanish Civil War and was well into his 80’s when he first donated money to Madalyn Murray O’Hair and the American Atheists. He supported O’Hair and her fight to banish mandatory prayer in public schools and supported free thought. He wrote to O’Hair, telling her that when he was growing up he was too poor to afford books and wanted to now support the building of a library that would promote works often banned from other libraries. Deeply touched by his sentiment, O’Hair vowed to name the finished library after Stevens, which got its official name in 1969. Stevens first wrote a check for $1,000 on February 26, 1965. A scanned copy of the original check can be found at the CESAALA website. Over the course of his lifetime, Stevens donated $8,000 to O’Hair and the library, which was his entire life’s savings. When O’Hair learned that Stevens had donated all the money he had, she tried to contact him to return the funds, only to discover that he had since died.
Volumes.
The purpose of the CESAALA was to provide other atheists information and support to defend themselves when being persecuted. By 1987, the library had accumulated 40,000 volumes and 25,000 pieces of archived material. Presently, the library houses between 100,000 and 140,000 documents.
Madalyn Murray O'Hair.
Madalyn Murray O'Hair had problems with the Internal Revenue Service for years. In 1993, she believed she might lose the library due to pending litigation with the IRS. Deciding to move the library to another location, O’Hair, along with her future murderer David Waters, individually packed each book in special acid-free paper to be shipped to a secret storage facility Despite all of the IRS problems, official releases from the American Atheists claim the move was simply for space issues and that the library needed to be bigger. In late 1993 a computer with the only copy of the library's catalog was stolen and never recovered. In 1997, the IRS finally took away tax-exemption status from all of the American Atheist organizations, including the CESAALA. The IRS claimed that the library owed nearly $20,000 in back taxes This loss of tax-exemption status would hinder the library’s ability to accept donations, since contributors would not be able to write such charitable donations off in their taxes.
Future plans.
According to the current CESAALA librarian Timothy Dicks, the library still has “a huge quantity of letters, ephemera, and other items that we have to identify and catalogue.” There also are thousands of hours worth of audio and video recordings being archived at the library on a wide variety of media. Because of the degradation rate of such formats, like cassette and videotape, librarians at CESAALA are working fast to digitize the audio and video which include American Atheist conventions and protests, the American Atheist Radio series, and the American Atheist Oral History Project. The library plans to create a searchable, public catalog that will contain the digitized formats of rare documents, photographs, video and audio; although the library is not currently open to the public, serious researchers can contact the American Atheists for access to the collection.

</doc>
<doc id="5930389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930389" title="Izumita Station">
Izumita Station

Lines.
Izumita Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 154.2 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Izumita station has a single island platform connected to the station building by a pedestrian overpass. The station is unattended.
History.
Izumita Station opened on July 15, 1913. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. A new station building was completed in March 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5930394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930394" title="Oregon Lottery">
Oregon Lottery

The Oregon Lottery is run by the government of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is a member of the Multi-State Lottery Association (MUSL).
History.
The Oregon Lottery was enabled by an amendment to the Oregon Constitution, approved by voters in the 1984 general election. The Lottery began in 1985; eventually offering two types of games: scratch-it tickets, and a drawing game, "Megabucks". The Lottery has introduced many games, while removing those that were not successful. In fiscal year 2006, the Lottery's sales reached $1 billion for the first time.
Games offered.
The following games (including those retired) have been offered by the Lottery:
Profits.
The allocation of lottery profits is determined by Oregon voters, who approve the broad categories that may receive Oregon Lottery funds. Constitutional amendments have allowed using lottery funds for economic development (1984), public education (1995) and natural resource programs (1998). The Oregon State Legislature and Governor appropriate the remainder of lottery funds within those categories during each legislative session. As of 2012, over $5 billion of lottery proceeds have gone to public education, $2 billion to economic development, $900 million to natural resources (including Oregon State Parks and watersheds), and over $50 million for problem gambling treatment programs.
Problem gambling.
Oregon dedicates about 1% of lottery proceeds for problem gambling prevention and treatment programs.
Controversy.
Like other U.S. lotteries (and gambling in general), the Oregon Lottery has drawn its share of controversy. Topics of debate include generic topics such as the morality of legalized and/or government-sponsored gambling, the alleged disproportionate effect that gambling (legal or otherwise) has on the poor, and the suitability of lottery dollars (as opposed to involuntary taxation) as a revenue source. Several issues have been unique to Oregon, however. 
Other controversies include the 1992 introduction of video poker machines, which may be installed in bars and other adults-only establishments. In 2005, the lottery added electronic slot machines. 
Sports Action.
In 1989, the lottery added Sports Action, a parlay game allowing wagers on National Football League (NFL) games. The reaction from the sports world was negative. The NFL was highly displeased by this move, though legally powerless to stop the Oregon Lottery as the game took care to avoid infringing upon any NFL trademark (no NFL team names were used; NFL teams were identified by city). They even stated that Oregon would never have an NFL team as long as the betting continued. The revenues were used to provide funding to intercollegiate athletics in the state.
In 1990, National Basketball Association (NBA) games were added (excluding games involving the Portland Trail Blazers.) This prompted a lawsuit from the NBA; however, betting on basketball did not prove financially viable, and the lottery discontinued NBA betting the following year (settling the lawsuit with the NBA thereafter). Still, wagering on football proved highly successful for Oregon, bringing in over $2 million yearly in proceeds. The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), long opposed to sports betting, took the position that no post-season basketball games (which are played at neutral sites) would be held in Oregon so long as Sports Action was available; the NBA criticized Oregon even after its wagering on NBA games was discontinued.
Many proponents of the lottery rebuffed such criticism, noting that the Oregon Lottery, with a maximum wager of $20, was "small potatoes" compared to the Las Vegas sports book and the various illegal sports books throughout the country. Further, it had been pointed out that the overwhelming popularity of the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship is driven by office pools and other forms of gambling. 
In 1997, a bill was introduced to eliminate the lottery game, but was not enacted into law. In 2005, House Bill 3466 was passed by the Oregon State Legislature and signed into law by Governor Ted Kulongoski; this bill outlawed Sports Action game as of the conclusion of the 2006–2007 NFL season. As a result, the Rose Garden arena was awarded regional games in the 2009 NCAA men's basketball tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="5930395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930395" title="Uzen-Toyosato Station">
Uzen-Toyosato Station

Lines.
Uzen-Toyosato Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 161.3 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Uzen-Toyosato station has one side platform serving a single bidirectional track. The station is unattended.
History.
Uzen-Toyosato Station opened on December 15, 1921. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. A new station building was completed in April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5930415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930415" title="Mamurogawa Station">
Mamurogawa Station

Lines.
Mamurogawa Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 164.0 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Mamurogawa station has one side platform and one island platform, connected by an overpass. 
History.
Mamurogawa Station opened on October 21, 1904 as on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). It was renamed to its present name on September 20, 1916. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. A new station building was completed in December 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="5930421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930421" title="Kamabuchi Station">
Kamabuchi Station

Lines.
Kamabuchi Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 173.2 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Kamabuchi station has a two opposed side platforms, connected by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
History.
Kamabuchi Station opened on October 21, 1904. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5930433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930433" title="Ōtaki Station (Yamagata)">
Ōtaki Station (Yamagata)

Lines.
Ōtaki Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 180.3 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Ōtaki Station has a single side platform. The station is built in a gorge, with a two-story station building. The station faces the road on its upper floor, with the train platform connected to the station building on its lower floor. The station formerly also had an island platform, which has been removed, although the connecting footbridge remains. The station is unattended.
History.
Ōtaki Station opened on September 20, 1941. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987. A new station building was completed in March 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5930441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930441" title="Garnet Moon/Inori">
Garnet Moon/Inori

"Garnet Moon" is the first single from Japanese pop singer Hitomi Shimatani's fifth album, Heart&Symphony, and her seventeenth overall single. It's an upbeat, dark dance track, while the b-side, "Inori", is an orchestral ballad. The single was released at the tail end of January and managed to reach #8 on the Oricon charts. When last certified, it had sold roughly 80,893 copies.
"Garnet Moon" and "Inori" were the opening and ending theme for the PlayStation 2 robot action game, "Another Century's Episode" respectively.
Music video.
The video for the song takes place in a dimly-lit, underground tunnel. Hitomi is shown walking down the tunnel, wearing boots and a black dress - sometimes alone, sometimes accompanied by a few people. Other shots feature her dancing in front of one of the tunnel walls, wearing a white tank top; and dancing with a large crowd of people in a red-lit area of the tunnel. She is also shown dancing in her black dress and performing a choreographed sequence with many other dancers.

</doc>
<doc id="5930447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930447" title="Nanhai District">
Nanhai District

Nanhai District, is a district of Foshan, Guangdong, China. Its government is the first to have developed e-government informatization at the county level in China.
Administration division.
Nanhai was a county-level city until December 8, 2002, when it became a district of Foshan prefecture-level city.
E-government.
Nanhai was designated by the central government as a pilot city for e-government and informatization in 2001.
History.
The town was established in 1271 by two brothers carrying their fathers bones. They were fleeing south from the Mongols on a bamboo raft when a violent storm shipwrecked them. The brothers settled down there and the position of the wreck is commemorated by a shrine. This area was named Broken Raft Point.
Strike.
In May 2010, 2,000 workers at a Honda transmission plant went on strike in the Nanhai district.The trigger was a rise of the legal local minimum wage from $123 to $147, announced by the city government May 1 in response to rapidly rising costs of living. The workers expected a raise in their monthly wages equal to this amount. Factory management added $24 to the transmission workers’ monthly base wage but reduced their monthly subsidies (for food, housing, and regular attendance) from $48 to $29. The net gain was only $5 per month.

</doc>
<doc id="5930453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930453" title="Haider Ali Kohari">
Haider Ali Kohari

Maulana Haider Ali Kohari (b.17th century-d.?) was the trusted military general and secretary of the Maratha king Shivaji. He was one of the most trusted lieutenants of Shivaji and was involved in almost all of his early campaigns. Haider Ali Kohari was probably the highest Muslim general in the Maratha army. Born in a Marathi-speaking Muslim family in the Deccan, he quickly took to arms and weaponry. Although he was a warrior, he was also a learned Islamic scholar. Information about his later years is obscure.
His family stays in Badlapur

</doc>
<doc id="5930458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930458" title="VFA-34">
VFA-34

Strike Fighter Squadron 34 (VFA-34), also known as the "Blue Blasters", is a United States Navy F/A-18C Hornet strike fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Oceana. They are a part of Carrier Air Wing 2 and are attached to the . Their tail code is NE and their radio call sign is "Joker".
Squadron Insignia and Nickname.
The squadron’s first insignia was approved for use by VF-20 during World War II, and was a "Joker" breaking out of a deck of cards carrying a machine gun. This insignia was selected by the squadron because the young and inexperienced pilots in the squadron were referred to as the "Jokers". It was approved by Chief of Naval Operations on 15 March 1944. The next insignia adopted by the squadron was the outline of a human skull, approved by CNO on 1 February 1946. Superimposed on the nose of a skull was a human skeleton with the arms holding paddles that became the eyes of the skull, while the teeth were represented by the word “Fighting 20.” On 10 June 1949, CNO approved another modification to the squadron insignia which embellished the skull design. This insignia was in use from 1949 until the squadron’s disestablishment in 1969. In 1957 the squadron adopted their present nickname, taking inspiration from their blue tail colors and their nuclear weapon delivery capability; hence the name "Blue Blasters." When the third VA-34 was established in 1970, it adopted the insignia and Blue Blasters nickname used by the previous VA-34 squadron (the second VA-34). On May 10, 1999 the CNO approved a modification to the squadron’s insignia tailoring the design to the FA-18 Strike Fighter community.
History.
Three distinct US Navy squadrons have been designated VA-34. The first squadron to hold the VA-34 designation was in 1948. This squadron was redesignated VA-35 in 1950 and is not related to the subject of this article. The second VA-34 was established in 1943 and disestablished in 1969. The third VA-34, established in 1970, was later redesignated VFA-34 and is the subject of this article. Officially, the US Navy does not recognize a direct lineage with disestablished squadrons if a new squadron is formed with the same designation. Often, the new squadron will assume the nickname, insignia, and traditions of the earlier squadrons.
1940s.
The second squadron to hold the VA-34 designation was originally commissioned the VF-20 "Jokers" on October 15, 1943 as part of Air Group 20 stationed at NAS San Diego, California. The squadron was composed of numerous newly winged Naval Aviators along with a few combat veterans.
On 31 August 1944, the squadron’s first combat action came as combat strikes were flown from in squadron F6F Hellcats against the Bonin Islands. Strikes followed to Yap and Palau Islands, Peleliu Island, Okinawa, Formosa, Luzon, and Leyte. VF-20 was heavily involved in the initial invasion operations in the Philippines, including the epic Battle of Leyte Gulf from 24–25 October 1944.
On 11 December 1944, VF-20 cross-decked to the "Grey Ghost", the 
On 14 December 1944, Lieutenant (jg) Douglas Baker was on a strike mission against Clark Field on Luzon when he encountered Japanese fighter opposition. During this engagement he destroyed four Japanese aircraft before being shot down by antiaircraft fire and lost in the action. This final action brought his air-to-air kills to 16, making him one of the high ranking aces for the Navy. Only eight other Navy pilots equaled or exceeded this record.
From December 1944 to January 1945, VF-20 engaged in another series of combat actions, flying missions against targets on and around Luzon, Formosa, French Indochina (Vietnam), Hong Kong, the South China Sea, and Okinawa. Many of these operations were in support of the landings at Lingayen Gulf.
As part of Admiral Halsey's Northern Strike Group, VF-20 assisted in sinking one of the world's largest battleships, the Japanese battleship "Musashi" (sister ship to the "Yamato"), and was given credit for partial kills on several Japanese cruisers and destroyers.
22 January 1945 was the last day of combat action for the squadron during World War II.
In February 1945 the "Jokers" embarked in USS Kwajalein (CVE-98) at Ulithi and departed for the United States, arriving there in the latter part of the month.
During WWII, eight VF-20 pilots became aces, 12 pilots received the Navy Cross and 22 received the Silver Star. VF-20 was credited with the destruction of over 15 ships and 407 aircraft, not counting the even greater number that were damaged but not destroyed. For their combat efforts the command was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation in 1944 and 1945, along with the Navy Unit Citation while aboard "Enterprise".
In April 1946, the squadron transitioned to the F8F Bearcat and was redesignated VF-9A on 15 November 1946. Then on 12 August 1948, the squadron was again redesignated as VF-91.
1950s.
On 15 February 1950 the squadron was redesignated Fighter Squadron THIRTY FOUR (VF-
34). In November 1950, VF-34 transitioned to its first jet aircraft, the F9F Panther.
In February 1952, the squadron began initial training in the F2H Banshee, and in April 1953, the squadron embarked on to conduct evaluation tests on the Navy’s first angled deck carrier.
After returning from a cruise aboard USS Leyte (CV-32) in December 1951, the unit transferred to NAS Cecil Field, Florida. The majority of the next two years were spent operating from the attack carriers USS Hornet (CV-12), USS Midway (CV-41), USS Bennington (CVA-20), USS Tarawa (CV-40) and USS Randolph (CVA-15).
The squadron was again redesignated as VA-34 on 1 July 1955.
In spring of 1956, VA-34 accepted its first F7U Cutlass, which it operated until receiving A-4 Skyhawks in March 1957. The squadron was the first Skyhawk squadron to deploy to the Mediterranean.
On 4 March 1958 during cross-deck operations, the squadron landed its A4D-1 Skyhawks aboard HMS Ark Royal (R09).
In July 1958, VA-34 flew support missions during the amphibious landings in Beirut, Lebanon, by U.S. Marines.
1960s.
From 1959 through 1966, the "Blue Blasters" operated from the decks of USS Saratoga (CV-60) and USS Essex (CV-9).
In April 1961, VA-34’s A4D-2 Skyhawks operated from "Essex" in the Caribbean Sea during the Bay of Pigs invasion. From 26 October to 8 November 1962 during the Cuban missile crisis, the entire squadron flew aboard USS Enterprise (CVN-65) to augment the assigned air wing. VA-34 flew numerous missions in support of Cuban quarantine, later transferring USS Independence (CV-62) until her return to the States on 26 November.
From May to December 1967, the squadron deployed to the Gulf of Tonkin during the Vietnam War aboard USS Intrepid (CV-11). This was the squadron’s first combat action since 1945.
Attack Squadron 34 was disestablished on 29 May 1969.
1970s.
Less than a year after disestablishment, a new "Blue Blaster" squadron was established at NAS Oceana, Virginia, on 1 January 1970 as the Atlantic Fleet’s sixth A-6 Intruder squadron. This was the third squadron to be designated VA-34, and is a direct descendent of the present VFA-34. The actual establishment ceremony was conducted at NAS Oceana on 17 April 1970.
On 18 September 1970, VA-34 embarked aboard USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67) as part of Carrier Air Wing One for a short at-sea period prior to its scheduled November deployment to the Mediterranean Sea. However, while en route to the Caribbean, the ship was ordered to deploy to the
Mediterranean after Syria invaded Jordan. The squadron returned home in March 1971 from this unscheduled deployment, only one year old, but already in possession of the Meritorious Unit Commendation. In August 1971, VA-34 received the Battle "E" award as the Atlantic Fleet's top A-6 squadron.
In September 1972, a squadron A-6 Intruder conducted crossdeck operations on HMS Ark Royal while operating in the Norwegian Sea. Due to the outbreak of the Yom Kippur War, VA-34 and "Kennedy" departed the Norwegian Sea in October 1973 and re-entered the Mediterranean, conducting surveillance operations south of Crete.
1980s.
VA-34 deployed aboard her new home, USS America (CV-66), in August 1982 for an eight-week North Atlantic cruise. The squadron subsequently made deployments to the Mediterranean Sea and Indian Ocean in 1982 and 1984.
In September 1985 while deployed aboard "America" to the North Atlantic, the squadron conducted flight operations from the carrier while it operated within the Vestfjorden, a Norwegian fjord.
On 24 March 1986, Libyan missiles were fired at U.S. Navy forces operating in the Gulf of Sidra. As a result of this hostile act, the Blue Blasters participated in retaliatory strikes Operation Prairie Fire against Libya by the U.S. 6th Fleet forces in the area. VA-34’s A-6E Intruders, operating from America, attacked and damaged a Libyan FACM Class La Combattante IIa G-class fast attack missile craft with an AGM-84 Harpoon missile (the first combat employment "Harpoon"). On the night of 14 April 1986, the Blue Blasters conducted a low-level, high-speed attack against targets at the Benina airfield and military barracks in Benghazi, Libya as part of Operation El Dorado Canyon.
In October 1986 the Blasters detached from Carrier Air Wing One and joined Carrier Air Wing Seven in USS Dwight D. Eisenhower (CVN-69), deploying in February 1988 for an extended Mediterranean deployment. The Blasters participated in operations off the Libyan Coast and returned to NAS Oceana in August 1988.
1990s.
The Blue Blasters deployment in 1990 featured integration of night vision goggles and Standoff Land Attack Missile capability into their A-6Es. In 1990, Eisenhower completed her seventh Mediterranean deployment. The deployment became a commemorative event in the worldwide 'Dwight D. Eisenhower Centennial,' celebrating the 100th anniversary of the late president's birth. During D-Day anniversary ceremonies off the coast of Normandy, President Eisenhower's son John Eisenhower and D-Day veterans embarked in the ship, while Carrier Air Wing Seven conducted a memorial flyover of the American cemetery at Omaha Beach.In August 1990, the squadron flew missions from the Red Sea in support of Operation Desert Shield, the build up of American and Allied forces to counter a threatened invasion of Saudi Arabia by Iraq.
The squadron returned home in September 1990 and returned to Southwest Asia in September 1991. The squadron returned to NAS Oceana, on 2 April 1992. The Blue Blasters’ next deployment was from May to November 1994, embarked in USS George Washington (CVN-73) for her maiden voyage.
In June 1995, the Blasters commemorated the 50th Anniversary of D-Day with a "missing man" formation over Omaha Beach, which was televised worldwide by CNN. The Blue Blasters were awarded the Commander, Naval Air Force, U.S. Atlantic Fleet Battle "E" for 1994 and 1995. The Blue Blasters departed in January 1996 aboard for their last A-6E Intruder deployment. They flew in support of Operation Decisive Endeavor over Bosnia and Herzegovina and Operation Southern Watch over Southern Iraq. Typical missions included close air support assisting US and United Nations troops on the ground.
On September 30, 1996, Attack Squadron 34 was redesignated Strike Fighter Squadron 34 and returned once again to NAS Cecil Field, Florida. The Blue Blasters immediately began the transition to the FA-18 Hornet. In June 1998, Strike Fighter Squadron 34 deployed aboard USS Dwight D. Eisenhower (CVN-69) in support of Operation Deliberate Forge, and Operation Southern Watch. The Blue Blasters returned to NAS Cecil Field in December 1998. In March 1999, the Blue Blasters conducted a homeport shift from NAS Cecil Field to NAS Oceana.
2000s.
The Blue Blasters embarked on "George Washington" in June 2000 for deployment to the Mediterranean Sea, Arabian Sea, and Persian Gulf in support of Operations Southern Watch and Deliberate Forge. In December 2000, the Blue Blasters returned to NAS Oceana.
Upon their return, the squadron was awarded the Rear Admiral Clarence Wade McClusky Award as the premier attack squadron in the U.S. Navy, and the Commander, Naval Air Force U.S. Atlantic Fleet Battle Efficiency Award as the finest East Coast Strike Fighter Squadron.
The Blue Blasters embarked on "George Washington" in June 2002 for another deployment to the Mediterranean Sea, Arabian Sea, and Persian Gulf in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Southern Watch, returning to NAS Oceana in December 2002.
The Blue Blasters returned to "Kennedy" for her last combat cruise in 2004, deploying to the Mediterranean Sea / Persian Gulf in support of Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom.
In March 2005, VFA-34 became operationally attached to CVW-2, deploying aboard the west coast carrier USS Abraham Lincoln (CVN-72) for Operations Valiant Shield and Foal Eagle 2006. Between 24–31 March 2006, during Foal Eagle 2006 exercises, strike squadrons VFA-2, VFA-34, VFA-137, and VFA-151 from Carrier Air Wing Two teamed with U.S. Air Force aircraft from the 18th Wing based at Kadena Air Base to provide combat air patrols and coordinated bombing runs via the exercise’s Combined Air Operations Center. The Blue Blasters returned home to NAS Oceana in August 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5930465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930465" title="Ōtaki Station">
Ōtaki Station


</doc>
<doc id="5930468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930468" title="George Duran">
George Duran

George Duran (born George Kevork Guldalian on January 13, 1975) is a Venezuelan born American chef and entertainer who is currently a spokesman in commercials for Hunt's tomatoes. He also became host of TLC's "Ultimate Cake Off" in its second season.
Biography.
Born in Caracas, Venezuela, to parents of Armenian descent, George attended New York University, majoring in Communications Studies. It was there where he began to pursue his interests of television and radio production. Hosting the "HYE Time" radio show on WNYU, he won an award for Best Radio Talk Show at the National Association of College Broadcasters in 1996.
George continued in radio, working as an on-air personality for comedy segments at WPLJ in New York. There, he interacted with everyday people on the street, asking questions, doing stunts and cracking jokes. He moved on to WABC radio in 1999 where he produced and performed more comedy sketches.
In 2000, George moved into the TV world, working in production on the popular MTV show "House of Style". From there he moved to the Latin music television station HTV where he hosted shows such as the Top 21 Videos of 2001 and "Pachanga!" in Miami.
2002 proved to be an important year for George. He decided to move to Paris and pursue his other interest – food. George attended culinary school at the "École Supérieure de Cuisine Française (ESCF) - Ferrandi" (English: "Higher School of French Cuisine, Ferrandi Group"). While there, he hosted a successful TV show, "Pop Cuisine", on France’s culinary network "Cuisine TV" which was nominated for a 7 d’Or (French Emmy)-–Best Cable Show award and won a 2003 Silver Grape Gastronomic Award. He also wrote culinary pieces for the French edition of "FHM" magazine.
In 2006, Duran hosted the cooking show "Ham on the Street" on the Food Network. He also took over hosting duties from Jim O'Connor for the Food Network show "The Secret Life Of...".
George had his first cookbook come out in Fall 2008 titled "Take This Dish and Twist It".
Duran is part of cookware company IMUSA's Chef Program, participating with the brand by creating exclusive recipes, webisodes, instructional videos and demos. His Hispanic roots are expressed with featured recipes such as "Pumpkin Pie Tamales" and .
In 2010, Duran was the host of television show "Chocolate Wars" featured on the "TLC Channel".
In August 2011, Duran was employed by the Ketchum public relations firm in order to promote processed food products from ConAgra, hosting guests which included food bloggers at fictitious West Village Restaurant Sotto Terra, without informing them of the nature of the meal until after the fact.
George’s culinary interests lie in French, Armenian, and South American cuisines. He is fluent in Spanish, French, and Armenian. He currently resides in NYC.

</doc>
<doc id="5930477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930477" title="Rawdon Christie">
Rawdon Christie

Rawdon Christie is an English-New Zealand journalist.
Christie was born in London. He attended Marlborough College, and then Edinburgh University, where he gained a Bachelor of Music degree
After a spell as a teacher of performing arts and sports coach at King's School in New Zealand, Christie attended the London College of Printing to undertake a postgraduate course in broadcast journalism. While there he won the 'Young Broadcast Journalist of the Year' award in 2000 (Broadcast Journalism Training Council). He started his journalism career with the BBC in Cambridge, firstly with BBC Radio Cambridgeshire, then with BBC Look East.
In 2003 Christie took up a position as a reporter with Television New Zealand's "ONE News". In 2005 he moved to TVNZ's daily current affairs programme, "Close Up". He has had stints as presenter of "Midday", "Tonight", "Sunday", the New Zealand version of "Dragons' Den" and "Agenda". In July 2007 Rawdon returned to ONE News and later became TVNZ's first producer / presenter when he took over in 2009. Christie often presents One News at 6 over the Christmas period, and from 2011-2012 read breakfast news two days a week. 
In September 2011 Christie became co-host (with Toni Street) of Television New Zealand's new Saturday Breakfast show. In May 2012 Christie was promoted as weekday co-host of "Breakfast" alongside Petra Bagust replacing Corin Dann.
Christie lives in Auckland with his wife and three children. Rawdon has an older sister, now called Nicola Miller, who is married with two children- Freddie and Daisy Miller. his kids are called oliver,georgie and charlie
His father's cousin is the movie star Julie Christie.

</doc>
<doc id="5930478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930478" title="Nozoki Station">
Nozoki Station

Lines.
Nozoki Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 185.8 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Nozoki station has a single side platform and an island platform, connected by an overpass. The station is unattended.
History.
Nozoki Station opened on October 21, 1904 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5930492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930492" title="1957 Ramnad riots">
1957 Ramnad riots

The Ramnad riots were a series of politically motivated violent clashes that occurred between July and September 1957 in the Ramnad district and in southern Tamil Nadu, India. Congress Reform Committee (CRC) was formed just one month before the 1957 elections to the Lok Sabha and the Madras state legislative assembly. Soon CRC began cooperation with the All India Forward Bloc (AIFB) of U. Muthuramalingam Thevar. The combined, the CRC-AIFB contested 59 seats in the assembly election (54 candidates from CRC, 5 candidates from AIFB.) There was also an informal understanding with the Communist Party of India, which did not oppose the CRC.
Background.
In the 1957 general elections, U. Muthuramalingam Thevar had contested with both the Aruppukottai parliamentary seat and the Mudukulathur seat in the legislative assembly of the Madras State. He had won in both cases, defeating the Congress candidates. The combined CRC-AIFB formulated a 12-point election manifesto and emerged as the major opposition alliance in these elections, but could not defeat the Congress government. CRC won 14 seats and AIFB won three. Half of the seats won were from the Ramnad and Madurai districts. Following the election, a joint 'CRC opposition' group was formed in the legislative assembly. This was done to counter the bid of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (which had 16 seats) to hold the post of leader of opposition. Soon five independent assembly members joined the CRC opposition group.
V.K. Ramaswamy Mudaliar was elected leader of the CRC opposition. After the election, Thevar chose to retain his parliamentary seat, and a by-election was called for the Mudukulathur assembly constituency.
1957 by-election.
The by-election was held on July 1 and when the results were released on July 4, the situation in the area grew tense. The Forward Bloc candidate T.L. Sasivarna Thevar won the election. Gradually, incidents of violent clashes between Thevars (who generally supported the Forward Bloc) and pro-Congress Devendrar began to occur. Initially these clashes were limited to a handful of villages, but after some time the violence had spread throughout the constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="5930505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930505" title="Leo Tover">
Leo Tover

Leo Tover, A.S.C. (December 6, 1902 - December 30, 1964) was an American cinematographer, twice nominated for Academy Awards for his work on "The Heiress" (1949) and "Hold Back the Dawn" (1941). Among his other credits are the original silent version of "The Great Gatsby", "The Day the Earth Stood Still" and "Payment on Demand", both released in 1951.
He was born in New Haven, Connecticut and died in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="5930507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930507" title="Innai Station">
Innai Station

Lines.
Innai Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 194.4 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Innai station has a single side platform and an island platform, connected by an overpass. The station is unattended.
History.
Mitsuseki Station opened on October 21, 1904 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station has been unattended since December 1979. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. The original station building was destroyed by a fire on February 2, 1988. The current building, completed in March 1989, also serves as a local history museum
Surrounding area.
Innai Station is located in the small hamlet of Innai, in the Ogachi area of southern Yuzawa City. Innai itself has few businesses, though central Ogachi, just to the north, has many. About 12 kilometers to the SE lies Akinomiya Onsen, a popular hot spring resort area.

</doc>
<doc id="5930520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930520" title="Adam Dunkels">
Adam Dunkels

Adam Dunkels, Ph.D., is a Swedish entrepreneur, programmer and founder of Thingsquare. His work is mainly focused on networking technology and distributed communication for small embedded devices and wireless sensor networks on the Internet. Adam is best known to the embedded community as the author of the uIP (micro-IP) and lwIP TCP/IP protocol stacks. He is also the creator of protothreads and author of the Contiki operating system. The MIT Technology Review placed him on the TR35 list of world's top 35 innovators under 35, in 2009.
His book Interconnecting Smart Objects with IP - the Next Internet, co-authored with JP Vasseur and with a foreword by Vint Cerf, was published in 2010.
He is a founder of the IPSO Alliance, who promotes IP networking for smart objects such as embedded systems and wireless sensors, and author of the alliance' white paper.
Adam Dunkels received the 2008 EuroSys Roger Needham PhD Award for his PhD thesis "Programming Memory-Constrained Networked Embedded Systems."
Networked embedded software.
Many of Adam's small implementations are used in commercial products from companies, including ABB, Altera, BMW, Cisco Systems, Ericsson, GE, HP, Volvo Technology and Xilinx. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="5930522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930522" title="Yokobori Station">
Yokobori Station

Lines.
Yokobori Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 198.4 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Yokobori station has a single side platform and an island platform, connected by an overpass. 
History.
Yokobori Station opened on July 5, 1905 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. 
Surrounding area.
Yokobori is home to the Komachi-do temple celebrating the Heian Period poetess Ono no Komachi, who died here. Every year when peonies are in full bloom lading the air with scent, normally the second Sunday of June, local people host the Komachi Matsuri. During the festival, seven "komachi musume" are reading out the "waka" poems, and small children parade through the area as well as a performance of Komachi "taiko" drums.
About 30 minutes by car southeast from Yokobori along Japan National Route 108 is the Akinomiya Hot Spring Resort area.

</doc>
<doc id="5930527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930527" title="Mitsuseki Station">
Mitsuseki Station

Lines.
Kami-Yuzawa Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 204.4 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
This unstaffed station consists of a single side platform serving bi-directional traffic.
History.
Mitsuseki Station opened on November 5, 1923 as the on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR). It was elevated to a full station on July 1, 1930. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station has been unattended since December 1979. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5930532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930532" title="Kami-Yuzawa Station">
Kami-Yuzawa Station

Lines.
Kami-Yuzawa Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 207.1 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
This unstaffed station consists of a single side platform serving bi-directional traffic.
History.
Kami-Yuzawa Station opened on November 28, 1956 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR). It has been unattended since December 1979. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987.
Surrounding area.
The deeply wooded and remote area is known for its romantic attractions and hotels [http://www.panoramio.com/photo/3633745].

</doc>
<doc id="5930536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930536" title="Jade Arcade">
Jade Arcade

Jade Arcade (born October 27, 1971) is an American composer, animator, musician, polymath and comic book artist.
Career.
Music.
Arcade has mastered over a dozen instruments and possesses a vocal range that spans 6 octaves. During the 1980s, Jade toured across the US with glam rock bands Spellbinder and Monogram under the stage name of Nikki Foxx. He also toured solo as country singer, Marc Dalton. His music scores films and videos while his vocal talents have added multiple voices to videos and animation.
Art.
Arcade is the creator of the Mr. Dodsworth cartoon series and the Circus Arcane comics, and has been working as graphic illustrator since 1988. His work has appeared in magazines, graphic novels, comics and role-playing books such as "Horrorzine" (1988), "Fantasy Theater" (2001), "Omlevex" (2004), "Cartoon Action Hour" (2002) and "Mothman Anthology" (2005).
Arcade is a member of the Society of Children's Book Writers & Illustrators (SCBWI). In 2010, he launched a new podcast, "The Jade Arcade Show"
Arcade also works in graphite, ink, oil paint, sculpture, engraving and water color.

</doc>
<doc id="5930542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930542" title="Yuzawa Station">
Yuzawa Station

Lines.
Shimo-Yuzawa Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 210.4 km from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Yuzawa station consists of one side platform and one island platform, connected by an overpass.
History.
Yuzawa Station opened on July 5, 1905 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) Ōu South Line. The Ogachi Railway began operations on August 10, 1928 and was renamed the Dewa Railroad on May 1, 1944. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The Dewa Railway ceased operations from April 1, 1977. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5930545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930545" title="Shimo-Yuzawa Station">
Shimo-Yuzawa Station

Lines.
Shimo-Yuzawa Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 214.5 km from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
The unstaffed station consists of two opposed side platforms, connected by an overpass.
History.
Shimo-Yuzawa Station opened on November 28, 1956 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR). It has been unattended since December 1979. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5930553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930553" title="Live at the House of Blues (The Vandals album)">
Live at the House of Blues (The Vandals album)

Live at the House of Blues is a live album and video by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals, released in 2004 by Kung Fu Records and Kung Fu Films. It was the band's second official live album and video, the first being 1991's "". It was released in 2 packages, one a DVD with a bonus concert CD, the other a CD with a bonus DVD. Both packages contain the same discs and material, merely packaged differently so that it could be stacked on both CD and DVD shelves. It was presented as episode 9 of Kung Fu Films' "The Show Must Go Off!" live concert DVD series (episode 1 had also been a live Vandals concert, from their 2001 Christmas Formal). Kung Fu Films is an offshoot of Kung Fu Records, the record label started in 1996 by Vandals members Joe Escalante and Warren Fitzgerald. Having previously worked in the television and film industries, Joe Escalante acts as director and producer for nearly all of these live DVD releases.
The performance relies heavily on material from the band's albums since 1990, when the current lineup solidified, and excludes songs from their first three releases of the 1980s. As the current lineup of the Vandals grew in popularity and recognition throughout the 1990s they began to distance themselves from the material performed by earlier incarnations of the band, of which only Escalante remains. These earlier songs tended to attract an older, more violent audience which the current lineup of the band eschewed in favor of newer, younger fans attracted to their more recent output. These early songs had already been released in live format on "Sweatin' to the Oldies" 13 years earlier, so the band also felt that it would be redundant to rehash that part of their past.
The DVD contains numerous bonus features including band member commentaries (Escalante, Fiztgerald and singer Dave Quackenbush), a photo gallery, hidden bonus footage, English subtitles, links to additional online content, and a "Josh Freese Cam" option that allows the viewer to switch the camera angle at any time during the concert to one focusing directly on drummer Josh Freese, with a picture-in-picture display of his foot pedal.

</doc>
<doc id="5930557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930557" title="Yash Pal">
Yash Pal

Yash Pal (born 26 November 1926) is an Indian scientist and educator. He is known for his contributions to the study of cosmic rays, as well as for being an institution-builder. In his later years, he has become one of the leading science communicators of the country.
Early life.
Yash Pal was born in 1926 in Jhang, British India, now in Pakistan. He was raised in Pai, Kaithal, Haryana (India), graduated with a Masters degree in physics from Panjab University in 1949 and gained a Ph.D. degree in Physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1958.
Career.
Yash Pal started his career at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), Bombay (now Mumbai), as a member of the Cosmic Rays group. He went to MIT for his Ph.D. and returned to TIFR, where he remained until 1973.
In 1972, the Government of India set up its Department of Space and embarked on an independent space programme. Yash Pal took charge as the first Director of the newly set up Space Applications Centre, Ahmedabad, in 1973. At the same time, he continued to be on the faculty of TIFR.
Yash Pal's administrative assignments at the Government level and beyond began with his appointment as the 
Secretary General of the Second United Nations Conference on Peaceful Uses of Outer Space 
(1981–82). He held the posts of Chief Consultant, Planning Commission (1983–84) and Secretary, Department of Science and Technology, Government of India (1984-1986), after which he was appointed Chairman, University Grants Commission (UGC) (1986–91). During his tenure as UGC Chairman, he advocated the setting up of Inter-University Centres funded by the UGC, on the model of the Nuclear Science Centre (now Inter-University Accelerator Centre), New Delhi. Institutions such as the Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics (IUCAA) emerged from this vision.
Role as educationist.
School Education<br>
Pal's involvement in school education dates back to the early 1970s, with the pathbreaking Hoshangabad Science Teaching Programme.
In 1993, the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD), Government of India, set up a National Advisory Committee, with Yash Pal as Chairman, to go into the issue of overburdening of school children. The report of the committee, entitled "Learning without Burden", is now regarded as a seminal document in Indian education.
When the National Council of Educational Research and Training embarked on the exercise of drawing up the National Curriculum Framework (NCF 2005), Pal was asked to chair its Steering Committee. The Executive Summary of the NCF 2005 document states that the curriculum review exercise was undertaken "in the light of the report, "Learning Without Burden" (1993)".
Higher Education<br>
In 2009, MHRD set up a Committee on Higher Education with Pal as the Chairman. In its report, the Committee laid emphasis on the idea of a university, and advocated a number of major structural changes. However, it is not clear whether the Government intends to take any action on the basis of the report.
Science communication.
Yash Pal is known for regular appearances on the science programme "Turning Point" telecast on "Doordarshan" and for explaining scientific concepts in layman's language along with participation on advisory boards for televised sdeacience programmes such as "Bharat ki chaap".
He also has a column in the Indian English daily The Tribune, in which he answers question asked by readers.
In 2009, he received the Kalinga Prize, awarded by UNESCO for the popularisation of science.
Awards and honours.
In 1976 the Indian government awarded Pal the Padma Bhushan for his contribution to science and space technology. Pal was made a Marconi Fellow in 1980 for his work at the Space Applications Centre in Ahmedabad. In October 2011 he was also awarded the Lal Bahadur Shastri National Award for excellence in public administration, academics and management.
He was the Chancellor of Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi from March 2007 to March 2012.
He has been honoured with India's second highest Civilian Honour Padma Vibhushan in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5930560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930560" title="History of pawnbroking">
History of pawnbroking

The history of pawnbroking began in the earliest ages of the world. Lending money on portable security is one of the oldest professions.
Mosaic law.
The Mosaic Law struck at the root of pawnbroking as a profitable business, since it forbade the taking of interest from a poor borrower, while no Jew was to pay another for timely accommodation. Jews could, however, lend money at interest to gentiles; until the Protestant Reformation, Christians were likewise forbidden to lend to each other at interest.
Franciscans.
In spite of early church prohibitions against usury, there is some evidence that the Franciscans were permitted to begin the practice as an aid to the poor, but it remains a question how much they profited on it.
China.
The earliest pawnbrokers were in the 5th Century "and were established, owned, and operated by Buddhist monasteries; only later did they become more widely seen in society. There were many terms to describe them. The word "changshengku" (long-life treasuries) originally referred to Buddhist monasteries in general. Other terms included "jifupu" (seen in Tang texts), "didangku" (used in the Song periods), and "jiedianku" (Yuan period). During the Southern Song dynasty, wealthy laypeople would sometimes form partnerships with Buddhist monasteries and open pawnshops (in doing so they also managed to avoid certain property taxes from which monasteries were sometimes exempt). For example, a 1202 memorial records the practice of ten people coming together to form an association know as a "ju", which would then back the establishment of a pawnshop in a monastery."
Greece and Rome.
Both Greece and Rome were as familiar with the operation of pawning as the modern poor all the world over; indeed, from the Roman jurisprudence most of the contemporary law on the subject is derived. The chief difference between Roman and English law is that under Roman law certain things, such as wearing apparel, furniture, and instruments of tillage, could not be pledged, whereas there is no such restriction in English legislation. The emperor Augustus converted the surplus arising to the state from the confiscated property of criminals into a fund from which the state lent money without interest to those who pledged valuables equal to double the amount borrowed.
Medieval Europe.
In Italy, but in more modern times, the pledge system that became almost universal on the continent of Europe arose. In its origin that system was purely benevolent, the early "monts de piete" established by the authority of the popes lending money to the poor only, without interest, on the sole condition of the advances being covered by the value of the pledges. This was virtually the Augustan system, but it is obvious that an institution that costs money to manage and derives no income from its operations must either limit its usefulness to the extent of the voluntary support it can command, or must come to a speedy end.
In 1198 something of the kind was started at Freising in Bavaria.
In 1350 a similar endeavour was made at Salins in Franche-Comté, where interest at the rate of 7½% was charged.
Nor was England backward, for in 1361 Michael Northbury, or de Northborough, bishop of London, bequeathed 1000 silver marks for the establishment of a free pawnshop.
These primitive efforts, like the later Italian ones, all failed. The Vatican was therefore constrained to allow the "Sacri monti di pietà" (satisfactory derivation of the phrase has yet been suggested) to charge sufficient interest to their customers to enable them to pay for expenses. Thereupon a learned and tedious controversy arose upon the lawfulness of charging interest, which was only finally set at rest by Pope Leo X, who in the tenth sitting of the First Council of the Lateran, declared that the pawnshop was a lawful and valuable institution, and threatened with excommunication those who should presume to express doubts on the subject. The Council of Trent inferentially confirmed this decision, and at a somewhat later date we find St Charles Borromeo counselling the establishment of state or municipal pawnshops.
Long before this, however, "monti di pietà" commonly charged interest for loans in Italy. The date of their establishment was not later than 1464, when the earliest of which there appears to be any record in that country—it was at Orvieto—was confirmed by Pius II. Three years later another was opened at Perugia by the efforts of two Franciscans, Barnabus Interamnensis and Fortunatus de Copolis. They collected the necessary capital by preaching, and the Perugian pawnshop was opened with such success that there was a substantial balance of profit at the end of the first year.
The Dominicans endeavoured to preach down the lending-house, but without avail. Viterbo obtained one in 1469, and Sixtus IV confirmed another to his native town in Savona in 1479.
After the death of Brother Barnabus in 1474, a strong impulse was given to the creation of these establishments by the preaching of another Franciscan, Father Bernandino di Feltre, who was in due course canonized. By his efforts monti di piet were opened at Assisi, Mantua, Parma, Lucca, Piacenza, Padua, Vicenza, Pavia and a number of places of less importance. 
At Florence the veiled opposition of the municipality and the open hostility of the Jews prevailed against him, and it was reserved to Savonarola, a Dominican, to create the first Florentine pawnshop, after the local theologians had declared that there was no sin, even venial, in charging interest. The readiness of the popes to give permission for pawnshops all over Italy, makes it the more remarkable that the papal capital possessed nothing of the kind until 1539, and even then owed the convenience to a Franciscan.
From Italy the pawnshop spread gradually all over Europe. Augsburg adopted the system in 1591, Nuremberg copied the Augsburg regulations in 1618, and by 1622 it was established at Amsterdam, Brussels, Antwerp and Ghent. Madrid followed suit in 1705, when a priest opened a charitable pawnshop with a capital of fivepence taken from an alms-box.
Britain and Ireland.
In England the pawnbroker, like so many other distinguished personages, came in with William the Conqueror. Yet, despite the valuable services the class rendered, not infrequently to the Crown itself, the usurer was treated with studied cruelty. Sir Walter Scott's Isaac of York was no mere creation of fiction. These barbarities began, by diminishing the number of Jews in the country, long before Edward's decree of banishment, to make it worth the while of the Lombard merchants to settle in England. In 1338 Edward III pawned his jewels to the Lombards to raise money for his war with France. An equally great king Henry V did much the same in 1415.
Under Henry VII.
The Lombards were not a popular class, and Henry VII harried them a good deal. In the very first year of James I's reign an Act against Brokers was passed and remained on the statute-book until Queen Victoria had been 35 years on the throne. It was aimed at counterfeit brokers, of whom there were then many in London. This type of broker was evidently regarded as a mere receiver of stolen goods, for the act provided that no sale or pawn of any stolen jewels, plate or other goods to any pawnbroker in London or Westminster or Southwark shall alter the property therein, and that pawnbrokers refusing to produce goods to their owner from whom stolen shall forfeit double the value.
Under Charles I.
In the time of Charles I another act made it clear that the pawnbroker was not deemed a respectable or trustworthy person. Nevertheless a plan was mooted for setting that king up in the business. The Civil War was approaching and supplies were badly needed, when a too ingenious Royalist proposed the establishment of a state pawnhouse. The preamble of the scheme recited how ""the intolerable injuries done to the poore subjects by brokers and usurers that take 30, 40, 50, 60, and more in the hundredth, may be remedied and redressed, the poor thereby greatly relieved and eased, and His Majestie much benefited"". That the king would have been much benefited is obvious, since he was to enjoy two-thirds of the profits, while the working capital of £100,000 was to be found by the city of London. The reform of what Shakespeare calls "broking pawn" was in the air at that time, although nothing ever came of it, and in the early days of the commonwealth it was proposed to establish a kind of "mont de pieté". The idea was emphasized in a pamphlet of 1651 entitled ""Observatsons manifesting the Conveniency and Commodity of Mount Pieteyes, or Public Bancks for Relief of the Poor or Others in Distress, upon Pawns"". No doubt many a ruined cavalier would have been glad enough of some such means of raising money, but this radical change in the principles of English pawnbroking was never brought about. It is said that the Bank of England, under its charter, has power to establish pawnshops; and we learn from "A Short History of the Bank of England", published in its very early days, that it was the intention of the directors, for the ease of the poor, to institute a Lombard for small pawns at a penny a pound interest per month (= 8.33333% per year).
1600 to 1800.
Throughout both the 17th and 18th centuries the general suspicion of the pawnbroker appears to have been only too well founded. During George II's reign Fielding wrote a book "Amelia"; references in that book seem to show that, taken in the mass, Fielding was not a very scrupulous tradesman. Before about that time it was customary for publicans to lend money on pledges so their customers could drink, but the practice was at last stopped by Act of Parliament.
Also, respect for the honesty of pawnbroking was harmed by the Charitable Corporation's actions, during which affair it was pointed out that pawnbroking, by affording an easy method of raising money upon valuables, encourages dishonesty, by:-
Pawnbroker's licence law, 1785.
The pawnbroker's licence dates from 1785, the duty being fixed at £10 in London and £5 in the country; and at the same time the interest chargeable was settled at ½% per Modern month, the duration of loans being confined to one Regulations year. Five years later the interest on advances in England between 2 and 10 was raised to 15%.
The modern history of legislation affecting pawnbroking begins, however, in 1800, when the act of ~9 & 40 Geo. III. c. 99 (1800) was passed, in great measure by the influence of Lord Eldon, who never made any secret of the fact that, when he was a young barrister without briefs, he had often been indebted to the timely aid of the pawnshop. The pawnbrokers were grateful, and for many years after Lord Eldon's death they continued to drink his health at their trade dinners. The measure increased the rate of interest to 1.6666666% per month, which is 20% a year unless unpaid interest adds to the debt. Loans were to be granted for a year, but pledges might be redeemed up to fifteen months, and the first week of the second month was not to count for interest.
The act worked well, on the whole, for 75 years, but it was amended 3 times:-
As time went on, however, the main provisions of the act of 1800 were found to be very irksome, and the Pawnbrokers National Association and the Pawnbrokers Defence Association worked hard to obtain a liberal revision of the law. It was argued that the usury laws had been abolished for the whole of the community except only for the pawnbroker who advanced less than £10. The limitations of the act of 1800 interfered so considerably with the pawnbrokers' profits that, it was argued, they could not afford to lend money on bulky articles needing extensive storage room. In 1870 the House of Commons appointed a Select Committee on Pawnbrokers, and it was stated in evidence before that body that in the previous year 207,780,000 pledges were lodged, of which between thirty and forty millions were lodged in London. The average value of pledges appeared to be about 4s., and it was claimed that the proportion of articles pawned dishonestly was found to be only 1 in 14,000. Later official statistics show that of the forfeited pledges sold in London less than 20 per million are claimed by the police.
Pawnbroker's licence law, 1872.
The result of the Select Committee was the Pawnbrokers Act of 1872, which repealed, altered and consolidated all previous legislation on the subject, and is still the measure which regulates the relations between the public and pawnbrokers. It was based mainly on the Irish law passed by the Union Parliament. It put an end to the old irritating restrictions, and reduced the annual tax in London from £15 to the £7.50 paid in the provinces. By the provisions of the Act (which does not affect loans above £10):-
Elaborate provisions are made to safeguard the interests of borrowers whose unredeemed pledges are sold under the act. Thus the sales by auction may take place only on the first Monday of January, April, July and October, and on the following days should one day not be sufficient. This legislation was, no doubt, favorable to the pawnbroker rather than to the borrower. The annual interest on loans of 2s. had been increased by successive acts of parliament from 6% in 1784 to 25% in 1800, and to 27% in 1860, and re-set at 27% in 1872. The annual interest on a loan of half-a-crown (now 12½p) is now 260%, as compared with 173 in 1860 and 86 in 1784; the extreme point is reached in the case of a loan of 1s. for three days, in which case the interest is at the rate of 1014% per annum.
An English "mont de piété" was once projected by the Salvation Army, and in 1894 the London County Council considered the practicability of municipal effort on similar lines; but in neither case was anything done.
Scotland and Ireland.
The growth of pawnbroking in Scotland, where the law as to pledge agrees generally with that of England, is remarkable.
Early in the 19th century there was only one pawnbroker in Ireland, and in 1833 there were only 52. Even in 1865 there were no more than 312. It is probable that Glasgow and Edinburgh together contain nearly as many as that total. In Ireland the rates for loans are practically identical with those charged in England, but a penny instead of a halfpenny is paid for the ticket. Articles pledged for less than Li must be redeemed within six months, but nine months are allowed when the amount is between 3os. and 2. For sums over 2 the period is a year, as in England. In Ireland, too, a fraction of a month is calculated as a full month for purposes of interest, whereas in England, after the first month, fortnights are recognized. In 1838 there was an endeavour to establish monts de piété in Ireland, but the scheme was so unsuccessful that in 1841 the eight charitable pawnshops that had been opened had a total adverse balance of 5340. By 1847 only three were left, and eventually they collapsed likewise.
United States.
The pawnbroker in the United States is, generally speaking, subject to considerable legal restriction, but violations of the laws and ordinances are frequent. Each state has its own regulations, but those of New York and Massachusetts may be taken as fairly representative.
Brokers of pawn are usually licensed by the mayors, or by the mayors and aldermen, but in Boston the police commissioners are the licensing authority. In the state of New York permits are renewable annually on payment of $500, and the pawnbroker must file a surety bond with the Department of Consumer Affairs, in the sum of $10,000. The business is conducted on much the same lines as in England. The rate of interest is 4% per month and the loan is written for a period of 4 months, with an additional 30 day grace period. To enact higher rates is a misdemeanor. Unredeemed pledges may be sold at anytime after the legal time for the loan. New York contains one pawnshop to every 12,000 inhabitants. In the state of Massachusetts unredeemed pledges may be sold four months after the date of deposit. The licensing authority may fix the rate of interest, which may vary for different amounts, and in Boston every pawnbroker is bound to furnish to the police daily a list of the pledges taken in during the preceding twenty-four hours, specifying the hour of each transaction and the amount lent.
Europe.
The fact that on the continent of Europe monts de piété are almost invariably either a state or a municipal monopoly necessarily places them upon an entirely different footing from the British pawnshop, but, compared with the English system, the foreign is very elaborate and rather cumbersome. Moreover, in addition to being slow in its operation, it is, generally speaking, based upon the supposition that the borrower carries in his pockets papers testifying to his identity. On the other hand, it is argued that the English borrower of more than 2 is at the mercy of the pawnbroker in the matter of interest, that sum being the highest for which a legal limit of interest is fixed. The rate of interest upon a special contract may be, and often is, high. For the matter of that, indeed, this system of obtaining loans is always expensive, either in actual interest or in collateral disadvantages, whether the lender be a pawnbroker intent upon profit, or the official of a mont de pit. In Paris the rate charged is 7%, and even then the business is conducted at a loss except in regard to long and valuable pledges. Some of the French provincial rates are as high as 12%, but in almost every case they are less than they were prior to the legislation of 1851 and 1852. The French establishments can only be created by decree of the president of the Republic, with the consent of the local conseil communal. In Paris the prefect of the Seine presides over the business; in the provinces the mayor is the president. The administrative council is drawn one-third each from the conseil communal, the governors of charitable societies, and the townspeople. A large proportion of the capital required for conducting the institutions has to be raised by loan, while some part of the property they possess is the product of gifts and legacies. The profits of the Paris mont de pit are paid over to the Assistance Publique, the comprehensive term used by France to indicate the body of charitable foundations. Originally this was the rule throughout France, but now many of them are entirely independent of the charitable institutions. Counting the head office, the branches and the auxiliary shops, the Paris establishment has its doors open in some fifty or sixty districts; but the volume of its annual business is infinitely smaller than that transacted by the London pawnbrokers. The amount to be advanced by a municipal pawnshop is fixed by an official called the commissaire-priseur, who is compelled to load the scales against the borrower, since, should the pledge remain unredeemed and be sold for less than was lent upon it, he has to make good the difference. This official is paid at the rate of 3/4% upon loans and renewals, and 3% on the amount obtained by the sales of forfeited pledges. This is obviously the weakest part of the French system. The Paris mont de pit undertakes to lend four-fifths of the intrinsic value of articles made from the precious metals, and two-thirds of that of other articles. The maximum and minimum that may be advanced are also fixed. The latter varies in different parts of the country from one to three francs, and the former from a very small sum to the 10,000 francs that is the rule in Paris. Loans are granted for twelve months with right of renewal, and unredeemed pledges may then be sold by auction, but the proceeds may be claimed by the borrower at any time within three years. Pledges may be redeemed by instalments.
Somewhere between forty and fifty French towns possess municipal pawnshops, a few of which, like those of Grenoble and Montpellier, having been endowed, charge no interest. Elsewhere the rate varies from nil in some towns, for very small pledges, to 10%. The constant tendency throughout France has been to reduce the rate. The great establishment in Paris obtains part of its working capital reserves and surplus forming the balance by borrowing money at a rate varying from 2 to 3% according to the loan term (duration). Under a law passed in 18gf the Paris mont de pit makes advances upon securities at 6%, plus a duty of 5 centimes upon every hundred francs. The maximum that can be lent in this way is 20. Up to 80% is lent on the face value of government stock and on its own bonds, and 75% upon other securities; but 60% only may be advanced on railway shares. These advances are made for six months. Persons wishing to borrow a larger sum than sixteen francs from the Paris mont de pit have to produce their papers of identity. In every case a numbered metal check is given to the customer, and a duplicate is attached to the article itself. The appraising clerks decide upon the sum that can be lent, and the amount is called out with the number. If the borrower is dissatisfied he can take away his property, but if he accepts the offer he has to give I till particulars of his name, address and occupation. Experts calculate that every transaction that involves less than twenty-two francs results in a loss to the Paris mont de pit—only those that exceed eighty-five francs are profitable. The average loan is under thirty francs.
The Netherlands and Belgium.
Borrowing money on the security of deposited goods has been the subject of minute regulations in the Low Countries from as far back as the year 1600.
The archdukes Albert and Isabella, governors of the Spanish Netherlands under Philip III, reduced the lawful rate of interest from 32 3/4 to 21 3/4%; but since extortion continued they introduced the mont de pit in 1618, and, as we have already seen, in the course of a dozen years the institution was established in all the populous Belgian towns, with one or two exceptions. The interest chargeable to borrowers was fixed originally at 15%, but was shortly afterwards reduced, to be again increased to nearly the old level. Meanwhile various towns possessed charitable funds for gratuitous loans, apart from the official institutions. Shortly after the mont de pit was introduced in the Spanish provinces, the prince-bishop of Liège, Ferdinand of Bavaria, followed the example set by the archdukes. He ordained that the net profits were to accumulate, and the interest upon the fund to be used in reduction of the charges. The original rate was 15%, when the Lombard money-lenders had been charging 43; but the prince-bishops monts de pit were so successful that for many years their rate of interest did not exceed 5% - it was, indeed, not until 1788 that it was increased by one-half. These flourishing institutions, along with those in Belgium proper, were ruined by the French Revolution. They were, however, re-established under French dominion, and for many years the laws governing them were constantly altered by the French, Dutch and Belgian governments in turn. The whole subject is now regulated by a law of 1848, supplemented by a new constitution for the Brussels mont de pit dating from 1891.
The working capital of these official pawnshops is furnished by charitable institutions or the municipalities, but the Brussels one possesses a certain capital of its own in addition. The rate of interest charged in various parts of the country varies from 4 to 16%, but in Brussels it is usually less than half the maximum. The management is very similar to that of the French monts de pit, but the arrangements are much more favorable to the borrower. The ordinary limit of loans is I2o. In Antwerp there is an anonymous pawnshop, where the customer need not give his name or any other particulars. In the Netherlands private pawhbrokers flourish side by side with the municipal Banken van Leening, nor are there any limitations upon the interest that may be charged. The rules of the official institutions are very similar to those of the monts de pit in the Latin countries, and unredeemed pledges are sold publicly 15 months after being pawned. A large proportion of the advances are made upon gold and diamonds; workmen's tools are not taken in pledge, and the amount lent varies from 8d. upwards. On condition of finding such sum of money as may be required for working capital over and above loans from public institutions, and the caution money deposited by the city officials, the municipality receives the profits.
Germany.
Pawnbroking in Germany is conducted at once by the state, by the municipalities, and by private enterprise; but of all these institutions the state loan office in Berlin is the most interesting. It dates from 1834, and the working capital was found, and still continues to be in part provided, by the Prussian State Bank. The profits are invested, and the interest devoted to charitable purposes. The maximum and minimum rates of interest are fixed, but the rate varies, and often stands at about 12%. Two-thirds of the estimated value is the usual extent of a loan; four-fifths is advanced on silver, and five-sixths on fine gold. State and municipal bonds may be pledged up to a maximum of L150, the advance being 80% of the value, and a fixed interest of 6% is charged upon these securities. The values are fixed by professional valuers, who are liable to make good any loss that may result from over-estimation. The bulk of the loans are under 5, and the state office is used less by the poor than by the middle classes. Loans run for six months, but a further six months' grace is allowed for redemption before the article pledged can be sold by auction. The net annual profit usually amounts to little more than I % upon the capital employed. Pawnbroking laws of Austria-Hungary are similar to those of England. Free trade exists, and the private trader, who does most of the business, must obtain a government concession and deposit caution-money from 80 to 800, according to the size of the town. He must, however, compete with the monts de pit or Versatzaemter, which are sometimes municipal and sometimes state institutions. The chief of these is the imperial pawn office of Vienna, which was founded with charitable objects by the emperor Joseph I in 1707, and one-half of the annual surplus has still to be paid over to the Vienna poor fund. Here, as in Berlin, the profits are relatively small. Interest is charged at the uniform rate of 10%, which is calculated in two-week periods, however speedily redemption may follow upon pawning. For small loans varying from two to three kronen, 5% only is charged. The Hungarian state and municipal institutions appear, on the whole, to compete somewhat more successfully with the private firms than is the case in Vienna.
Italy.
In Italy, the country of origin of the mont de piété, the institution still flourishes. It is, as a rule, managed by a committee or commission, and the regulations follow Italy pretty closely the lines of the one in Rome, which never lends less than fod. or more than 40. Four-fifths of the value is lent upon gold, silver and jewels, and two-thirds upon other articles. The interest, which is reckoned monthly, varies with the amount of the loan from 5 to 7%, but no interest is chargeable upon loans up to 5 lire. A loan runs for six months, and may be renewed for similar periods up to a maximum of five years. If the renewal does not take place within a fortnight of the expiration of the ticket, the pledge is sold, any surplus there may be being paid to the pawner. When more than 10 lire is lent there is a charge of 1% for the ticket. Agencies of the mont de pit are scattered about Rome, and carry on their business under the same rules as the central office, with the disadvantage to the borrower that he has to pay an agents fee. The amount to be advanced by a municipal pawnshop is fixed by an official called the commissaire-priseur, who is compelled to load the scales against the borrower, since, should the pledge remain unredeemed and be sold for less than was lent upon it, he has to make good the difference. This official is paid at the rate of 3/4% upon loans and renewals, and 3% on the amount obtained by the sales of forfeited pledges. The borrower has to pay an agents fee of 2%, which is deducted from the loan. Private pawnshops also exist in Italy, under police authority; but they charge very high interest.
France.
The institution was very slow in obtaining a footing in France. It was adopted at Avignon in 1577, and at Arras in 1624. The doctors of the once powerful Sorbonne could not reconcile themselves to the lawfulness of interest, and when a pawnshop was opened in Paris in 1626, it had to be closed within a year. Then it was that Jean Boucher published his "Défense des monts de piété" in favor of pawnbroking. Marseilles obtained one in 1695; but it was not until 1777 that the first mont de pit was founded in Paris by royal patent. Statistics for the first few years of its existence show that in the twelve years between 1777 and the Revolution, the average value of the pledges was 42 francs 50 centimes, which is double the present average. The interest charged was 10% per annum, and large profits were made upon the sixteen million livres that were lent every year. The National Assembly, in an evil moment, destroyed the monopoly of the monti de pietà, but it struggled on until 1795, when the competition of the money-lenders compelled it to close its doors. So great, however, were the extortions of the usurers that the people began to clamour for its reopening, and in July 1797 it recommenced business with a fund of ~20,000 found by five private capitalists. At first it charged interest at the rate of 36% per annum, which was gradually reduced, the gradations being 30, 24, 18, 15, and finally 12% in 1804. In i806 it fell to 9%, and in 1887 to 7%. In 1806 Napoleon I re-established its monopoly, while Napoleon III, as prince-president, regulated it by new laws that are still in force. In Paris the pledge-shop is, in effect, a department of the administration; in the French provinces it is a municipal monopoly; and this remark holds good, with modifications, for most parts of the continent of Europe.
The Paris mont de piété undertakes to lend four-fifths of the intrinsic value of articles made from the precious metals, and two-thirds of that of other articles. The maximum and minimum that may be advanced are also fixed. The latter varies in different parts of the country from one to three francs, and the former from a very small sum to 10,000 francs that is the rule in Paris. Loans are granted for twelve months with right of renewal, and unredeemed pledges may then be sold by auction, but the proceeds may be claimed by the borrower at any time within three years. Pledges may be redeemed by instalments.
Spain.
The monts de piété in Spain have for a generation past been inseparably connected with the savings banks. We have already seen that the institution owes its origin in that country to the charitable exertions of a priest who charged no interest, and the system grew until in 1840, a century after his death, the "mont de pit" began to receive the sums deposited in the savings bank, which had just been established, for which it paid 5% interest. In 1869 the two institutions were united. This official pawnshop charges 6% upon advances for periods varying from four to twelve months, according to the nature of the article pledged, and a further months grace is allowed before the pledges are sold by auction. Private pawnbrokers are also very numerous, especially in Madrid; but their usual charges amount to about 60% per annum. They appear, however, to derive advantage from making larger advances than their official rivals, and from doing business during more convenient hours. In Portugal the monte pio is an amalgamation of bank, benefit society and pawnshop. Its business consists chiefly in lending money upon marketable securities, but it also makes advances upon plate, jewelry and precious stones, and it employs officially licensed valuers. The rate of interest varies with the bank rate, which it slightly exceeds, and the amount advanced upon each article is about three-fourths of its certified value. There is in Portugal a second class of loan establishment answering exactly to the English pawnshop. The pawnbroker is compelled to deposit a sum, in acceptable securities, equal to the capital he proposes to embark, and the register of his transactions must be submitted quarterly to the chief of the police for examination. As regards small transactions, there appears to be no legal limit to the rate of interest. The sale of unredeemed pledges is governed by the law affecting the monte pio geral.
Russia.
In imperial Russia the state maintained two pawnbroking establishments, one at St Petersburg and the other at Moscow, but only articles of gold and silver, precious stones and ingots of the precious metals are accepted by them. Advances are made upon such securities at 6% per annum, and the amounts of the loans are officially limited. Loans run for twelve months, with a months grace before unredeemed pledges are put up to auction. The bulk of this class of business in Russia was, however, conducted by private companies, which advance money upon all descriptions of movable property except stocks and shares. The interest charged was not allowed to exceed I % per month, but there is an additional charge of 4% per month for insurance and safe keeping. The loan runs for a year, with two months grace for redemption before sale. There were also pawnshops conducted by individuals, who find it very difficult to compete with the companies. These shops can only be opened by a police permit, which runs for five years, and security, varying from 100 to 700, has to be deposited; 2% per month is the limit of interest fixed, and two months grace is allowed for redemption after the period for which an article is pledged.
Denmark.
Pawnbroking in Denmark dates from 1753, when the Royal Naval Hospital was granted the monopoly of advancing money on pledges and of charging higher interest than the law permitted. The duration of a loan is three months, renewals being allowed. The old law was extended in 1867, and now all pawnbrokers have to be licensed by the municipalities and to pay a small annual licence fee. The rate of interest varies from 6 to 12% according to the amount of the loan, which must not be less than 7d., and unredeemed pledges must be sold by auction.
Sweden.
Sweden has no statutes specifically aimed at pawnbroking, with the exception of a proclamation by the governor of Stockholm that prohibits lending money on articles suspected being stolen. Individuals still carry on the business on a small scale, but the bulk of it is now conducted by companies, which give general satisfaction. For many years Stockholm had a municipal establishment that charged 10% for loans paid out of the city funds. The cost of administration was, however, so great that the establishment suffered an annual loss, and was abolished when, in 1880, a private company called the "Pant Aktie Bank" 'pawn bond bank' formed to lend money on furniture and wearing apparel at the rate of 3 öre per krona a month, and 2 öre per krona a month on gold, silver and other valuables. A krona, which equals 1s. 14d., contains 100 öre. Some years later an opposition started that charged only half these rates, with the result that the original enterprise reduced its interest to the same level, charging, however, 2 öre per krona per mensem for bulky articles—a figure now usual for pledges of that description. The money is lent for three months, and at the end of five months the pledge, if unredeemed, is sold by auction under very carefully prescribed conditions. In Norway a police licence is required for lending money on pawn where the amount advanced does not exceed 4, 10s. Beyond that sum no licence is necessary, but the interest charged must not exceed such a rate as the king may decide.
Switzerland.
The fate of pawnbroking in Switzerland appears to be not very dissimilar from that of the Jew who is fabled to have once started in business at Aberdeen. Nevertheless the cantons of Bern and Zürich enacted elaborate laws for the regulation of the business. In Zürich the broker must be licensed by the cantonal government, and the permit can be refused only when the applicant is known to be a person undeserving of confidence. Regular books have to be kept, which must be at all times open to the inspection of the police, and not more than 1% interest per month may be charged. A loan runs for six months, and unredeemed pledges may be sold by auction a month after the expiration of the fixed period, and then the sale must take place in the parish in which the article was pledged. No more than two persons at a time have ever been licensed under this law, the business being unprofitable owing to the low rate of interest. In the canton of Bern there were once two pawnbrokers. One died and the other put up his shutters. The Zürich cantonal bank, however, conducts a pawnbroking department, which lends nothing under 4s. or over £40 without the special sanction of the bank commission. Loans must not exceed two-thirds of the trade value of the pledge, but 80% may be lent upon the intrinsic value of gold and silver articles. The establishment makes practically no profit. The Swiss disinclination to go to the pawnshop is, perhaps, accounted for in some measure by the growing number of dealers in second-hand articles, to whom persons in want of ready money sell outright such things as are usually pledged, in the hope of subsequently buying them back. Since, however, the dealer is at liberty to ask his own price for repurchase, the expectation is often illusory, and can usually be fulfilled only upon ruinous terms.
The symbol.
The pawnbroker's symbol shows three balls suspended from a bar. The three-ball symbol is attributed to the Medici Family of Florence, Italy, because of its symbolic meaning of Lombard, referring to the Italian province of Lombardy, where pawn shop banking originated under the name of Lombard banking. It is now as well established as anything of the kind can be that the three golden balls, which have for so long been the trade sign of the pawnbroker, were originally the symbol medieval Lombard merchants hung up in front of their houses, and not, as has often been suggested, the arms of the Medici family. It has, indeed, been conjectured that the golden balls were originally three flat yellow effigies of byzants, or gold coins, laid heraldically upon a sable field, but that they were presently converted into balls the better to attract attention.
Most European towns called the pawn shop the "Lombard". The House of Lombard was a banking family in medieval London. According to legend, a Medici employed by Charles the Great slew a giant using three bags of rocks. The three-ball symbol became the family crest. Since the Medicis were so successful in the financial, banking, and money-lending industries, other families also adopted the symbol. Throughout the Middle Ages, coats of arms bore three balls, orbs, plates, discs, coins and more as symbols of monetary success. Pawnbrokers (and their detractors) joke that the three balls mean "Two to one, you won't get your stuff back".
Sources and references.
Hopkins and Jones

</doc>
<doc id="5930562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930562" title="Jack Ashford">
Jack Ashford

Jack Ashford (born May 18, 1934), known to his friends as Jashford, is an African-American musician, widely known as the percussionist for Motown Records' in-house Funk Brothers band during the 1960s and early 1970s. Ashford is most famous for playing the tambourine on hundreds of Motown recordings. His definitive performance is on "War" by Edwin Starr; other notable songs Ashford played tambourine on include "Nowhere to Run" by Martha & the Vandellas, "You Can't Hurry Love" by The Supremes, "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" by Marvin Gaye, and "Don't Leave Me This Way" by Thelma Houston. He also played vibes, shakers, and the marimba on the label's recordings, such as The Miracles' "Ooh Baby Baby". The early 1980s saw production work from Ashford but it proved to be the end of his career in music.

</doc>
<doc id="5930573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930573" title="Lindsay Yeo">
Lindsay Yeo

Lindsay Yeo is a New Zealand broadcaster who for some time had his own radio programme on Newstalk ZB, and continues to make regular relief appearances on the network. 
Biography.
Yeo through much of the 1970s and 1980s was the breakfast host of the Wellington radio station 2ZB. It consistently was the number one rated Wellington breakfast radio programme until the late 1980s. One of Yeo's creations was the children's character "Buzz O'Bumble" who appeared every day on the radio show, with his other friends "Belinda" the bee and "Wally Weta". Little has been heard of these characters since the format of 2ZB changed to news/talk in the late 1990s, and his community oriented breakfast show was replaced with news and interviews.
The character Belinda was Buzz's wife and they also had a family, Bimbo, Bonny and Bobo. The children were most often played by Lindsay's own family. Wally Weta also had stage friends, Super Spider, Dumb Dumb and Dimwit the clowns. The group toured doing shows around the country. Buzz was seen riding elephants in the Moscow Circus parade though Wellington streets. Riding 8' unicycles at the Stratford stockcar track. Later Lindsay developed Bumbleland which allowed character expansion and he introduced a family of elves once again played by his own family. 
The theme song used was, "It's A Small World".

</doc>
<doc id="5930578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930578" title="Levente Szuper">
Levente Szuper

Levente Szuper (born June 11, 1980 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian ice hockey goaltender, currently playing for Arystan Temirtau of the Kazakhstan Senior League. He was the number one goalie of the Hungarian team which won promotion to the 2009 World championship.
Career.
Early years.
Szuper began playing hockey in Hungary at an early age, but also showed a flair for the arts. He became an accomplished actor and pianist, but it was between the pipes that he began to achieve prominence. He starred with Ferencvárosi TC as a 16-year-old and led the team to its last domestic title so far. He moved on to the junior team of the Krefeld Pinguine for the 1997–98 season, and had a stellar performance in the 1998 Pool C World Championships.
Moving to North America.
Despite his success in Europe, Szuper was pretty unknown when he broke into the Ontario Hockey League in 1998 with the Ottawa 67s. But over the course of the 1998–99 season, Szuper excelled in the net, although he split his time there with Seamus Kotyk. The 67s advanced to the 1999 Memorial Cup as the host team, then defeated the Belleville Bulls in the semifinals to advance to the Memorial Cup championship against the Calgary Hitmen. Ottawa prevailed 7–6 in overtime, and Szuper won the F. W. "Dinty" Moore Trophy as the best rookie goalie of the year.
Szuper wasn't picked in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft, so he returned to Ottawa and continued to star. He was then drafted by the Calgary Flames in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft in the 4th round (#116 overall). Szuper would play the next three seasons with the Saint John Flames of the American Hockey League, earning a Calder Cup championship for the 2000–01 season.
During the 2002–03 season, Szuper was called up to the NHL with Calgary due to an injury of starting netminder Roman Turek. Szuper dressed for 9 games as the backup for Jamie McLennan, but never played. He is the first Hungarian native to appear on an active NHL roster for a game, but does not appear in the NHL register since he wasn't given any icetime.
After failing to stay with Calgary after the 2002–03 season, Szuper was picked by the St. Louis Blues and played in the 2003–04 season in their ECHL affiliate, the Peoria Rivermen.
Return to Europe.
After the year in Peoria, he tried to find a team in Europe for the lockout season of 2004. He had a trial with the Eisbären Berlin, but suffered an injury which demolished his chances of getting a contract. He played for Dunaújváros in the Hungarian championship and then signed for Asiago HC of the Italian Serie A for the 2005-06 season. 
Having played most of the next campaign with the EV Duisburg Die Füchse of the DEL, Szuper was signed by Malmö Redhawks for the 2007 Kvalserien (the relegation-round playoffs of the Swedish Elitserien). In the autumn he returned to Italy, this time with the Milano Vipers. 
After the success of the national team in the 2008 Division I tournament in Sapporo he signed with Alba Volán Székesfehérvár, the most successful Hungarian team in recent times, which competes in the Austrian premier division. On June 29 he announced, that he moves back to the DEL with the Hannover Scorpions.
Second stint playing in North America.
On November 4, 2010, Szuper signed with the Arizona Sundogs of the American Central Hockey League. In his first season with the club Levente set franchise records in games played (41), minutes (2,342), saves (1,240) and wins (18). In the following year Szuper switched to Missouri Mavericks in exchange for Steve Kaunisto and Nathan O'Nabigon.
Szuper leaves Mavericks to play in Kazakhstan.
On January 13, 2012, after playing only one game for the Mavericks, Szuper left the team to sign with the Kazakh team Arystan Temirtau of the Kazakhstan Senior League on January 15, 2012. Szuper was placed on Team Suspension by the Mavericks.
Personal.
Szuper lives in his hometown Budapest. He likes to spend his spare time with his horses on his ranch, just outside the city. As a child he was not only an actor, but also a well known dubbing actor and nowadays, after the end of his own season he usually works as a co-commentator during the Stanley Cup playoffs and the World Championships for a Hungarian sports channel.
His family name means "super" in Hungarian, due to this his helmet-paintings usually include a modified Superman logo with a letter Z.

</doc>
<doc id="5930584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930584" title="Jūmonji Station">
Jūmonji Station

Lines.
Jūmonji Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 217.8 km from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Jūmonji station consists of one side platform and one island platform, connected by an overpass.
History.
Jūmonji Station opened on September 14, 1905 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), serving the village of Jūmonji, Akita. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. Freight operations were discontinued from 1984. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5930593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930593" title="Westlake Girls High School">
Westlake Girls High School

Westlake Girls High School is a state single-sex girls secondary school, located on the North Shore of Auckland, New Zealand. 
The school in the suburb of Takapuna, west of Lake Pupuke and adjacent to North Shore Hospital, the Auckland Northern Motorway, and the Northern Busway's Smales Farm station. Serving girls from Year 9 to Year 13 (age 12-18), Westlake Girls has a roll of 2237 students as of June 2011, making it New Zealand's eighth-largest school, and the country's largest single-sex girls school.
History.
The school has its origin in 1958, when it opened as a co-ed institution. In 1962 Westlake Girls' and Westlake Boys High School emerged as separate schools, though they maintain relations.
Westlake Girls and Boys.
Physically merely a few hundred metres apart, Westlake Girls and Westlake Boys engage in an annual theatrical production together, several joint musical ensembles (including a joint choir, two orchestras, a concert band and a jazz band), and some social dances, among other things. The joint choir, "Choralation", has won the top award in the nation wide secondary schools choir competition The Big Sing for three years in a row, something never done before in the history of the competition. The two schools share a motto - "Virtute Experiamur" ("Let Courage Be Thy Test").
Classes.
Classes run Monday - Friday, four terms per year, usually beginning in late January/early February. Students attend a Form Class every morning from 8:45 - 9:05, during which time a roll check is performed. Two periods, 9:05 - 10:05 and 10:05 - 11:05 precede a morning break. From 11:25 - 12:25 Period 3 runs, followed by lunch. 1:15 - 2:15 and 2:15 - 3:15 are the last two periods of the school day. Year 13 students are permitted to leave the school grounds, are excused from wearing the school uniform. However, recently, year 13 will require to wear a senior uniform.They also receive study periods within their timetables.
Subject Information.
"This section is still being edited."

</doc>
<doc id="5930601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930601" title="VS-41">
VS-41

VS-41, Sea Control Squadron 41 was a training squadron of the United States Navy for crews of anti-submarine aircraft and was established on 30 June 1960 as an "anti-submarine squadron". The squadron was nicknamed "Shamrocks" and based at the Naval Air Station North Island, California (USA).
Background.
VS-41 was originally activated in 1960 to train the crews of Grumman S-2 "Tracker" anti-submarine aircraft for the United States Navy. Two squadrons equipped with the "Tracker" were based each on the anti-submarine carriers (CVS) of the Essex-class to counter the threat of the large Soviet submarine fleet. In the mid-1970 both the CVS-carriers and the S-2 "Tracker" were phased out.
History.
On 20 February 1974 VS-41 received the successor of the "Tracker", the Lockheed S-3A "Viking". The "Viking"-squadrons were integrated into the former "Attack Carrier Air Wing"s, which became "Carrier Air Wing"s. During the latter half of the 1980s VS-41 was equipped with the upgraded S-3B. With the diminishing submarine threat after the end of the Cold War VS-41 was redesignated as a "Sea Control Squadron" on 1 October 1993. In 1994 the squadron became responsible for the training of all U.S. Navy S-3 squadrons.
The training included working with the computer systems that processed information generated by acoustic and non-acoustic target sensor systems; Inverse Synthetic Aperture Radar (ISAR) and ESM systems suites. Identified targets should then be destroyed with conventionals bombs, cluster bombs, rocktes, AGM-84 Harpoon or AGM-65 Maverick air-to-surface missiles, Mark 46 torpedoes, or Mark 54 depth bombs. The "Viking" could also drop mines. Additionally, all S-3B aircraft were equipped to carrying an inflight refueling "buddy" store.
VS-41 flew in excess of 10,000 hours per year, qualifying approximately 50 fleet pilots and 80 tactical coordinators (TACCO) yearly. From 1960 to 2008, the training squadron logged more than 347,000 flight hours, made more than 48,000 carrier landings, and trained more than 35,000 personnel. On September 30, 2006, the squadron was officially disestablished at Naval Air Station North Island, CA. 
The squadron history or lineages should not be confused with the VS-41 "Tophatters" that flew the SBD-3 Dauntless torpedo bombers during World War II from the deck of USS "Ranger".

</doc>
<doc id="5930602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930602" title="Yanco Powerhouse Museum">
Yanco Powerhouse Museum

Yanco Powerhouse Museum is located at Binya Street in Yanco, New South Wales, Australia. Yanco Power Station was built in 1913 to supply power to the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area, when power was required for general lightning and for the Leeton Butter Factory. The site on which it was constructed was chosen as it was close to the Yanco railway line for obtaining coal and close to a water source that would be used for condensing water using a secondhand 75 KW generator. 6.5 kilometres of transmission lines were installed on flexible steel poles, the first of their kind in Australia. The station's construction is concrete. In 1937 the five story building was extended. It was decommissioned in 1957 when the Snowy Mountains Scheme was completed and hydro-electric power was supplied to the region.

</doc>
<doc id="5930607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930607" title="Daigo Station (Akita)">
Daigo Station (Akita)

Lines.
Daigo Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 221.2 km from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Daigo station consists of one side platform serving bi-directional traffic. The station is unattended.
History.
Daigo Station opened on November 15, 1951 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR). The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. A new station building was completed in November 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5930610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930610" title="Kevin Sharkey">
Kevin Sharkey

Kevin Sharkey (born 1961) (Irish: "Caoimhín Ó Searcaigh") is an Irish artist.
Early life.
Sharkey was born in Dublin in 1961, but was brought up in Killybegs, County Donegal. He was adopted by the Sharkey family at a very young age. As a child he took part in Irish dancing, which won him 37 medals before the age of 12. He was also a runner up to the all Ireland Disco dancing championship at Doctor Zhigavago's nightclub at the age of 16. His art career began at the age of 12 where he experimented with oils on canvas and bright colours.
Earlier career.
Sharkey has had many different career paths including being a chef, a fisherman, a singer songwriter and a TV presenter. He was Ireland's first ever black Presenter on a TV show called "Megamix". He was also briefly a photographer and a model, photographed by the legendary David Bailey. Sharkey had a small part in "Father Ted" where he played a priest named Father Shaft in two episodes. His most famous line, coming after a nun asked him what he thought of all the work being done in Africa by priests, was "Sure I wouldn't know, I'm from Donegal". Sharkey was a farmhand in the Irish TV series "Celebrity Farm" where he was the fourth farmhand to be evicted. Irish singer and songwriter Bob Geldof was the first person to buy a Sharkey painting, with other collectors of his work including Charles Saacthi, Rosie Huntington Whitley, Michael Portillo, Courtney Love, Whitney Houston, Matt Lucas, and the President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins.
Artist.
Sharkey has been a full-time artist since 1972. He was described by Ireland's "Sunday Independent" as "A True Irish Legend" and by Sky News as "Pure Genius",{ he was also recently called "Most Intriguing Person 2010" by CNN America. The Sunday Times called him the most "Bankable artist" while the Sunday Independent called him "Pure Genius". His art is considered abstract, modern work, with bright, textured colours. He is diverse in not sticking to one art form, with many of his works being visually different from each other. 
He has also recently directed three short films and plans to continue directing his own Irish motion Pictures. 
He has had exhibitions in Dublin, London, Ibiza, Amsterdam and New York. In 2007 his "What Colour Are Kisses?" exhibition sold out completely within 48 hours. He has had gallery shows solely dedicated to his work in Dublin, Donegal, Mayo, Boyle, Ibiza and London's Mayfair. His painting "Roisin" raised 26,100 euro in 2008 for People in Need in the RTÉ Telethon. His work has included, Samantha Mumba's bust and 'Moolah' (a life sized cow covered in 50,000 euro of real banknotes – during the height of Ireland's Celtic Tiger phenomenon).
His "Public Enemy Number One" exhibition was on a twelve date tour of the world (including New York, Tokyo, Rome and Rio de Janeiro). The exhibition features amongst others Jordan as Myra Hindley, Barack Obama wearing Ku Klux Klan robes (made from U.S. flags), the Pope marrying a gay couple, and Angelina Jolie & Madonna passing each other in a supermarket aisle pushing trolleys full of multi-racial children.
Galleries.
2012 Kevin opened The Kevin Sharkey Gallery on Temple Lane South in Dublin City. The Kevin Sharkey Gallery is home to exclusive paintings from the artist featuring his latest artwork. His current exhibition "Colours" is open in 35 Molesworth street. 

</doc>
<doc id="5930612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930612" title="Homeownership in the United States">
Homeownership in the United States

The homeownership rate in the United States in 2009 remained similar to that in some other post-industrial nations with 67.4% of all occupied housing units being occupied by the unit's owner. Home ownership rates vary depending on demographic characteristics of households such as ethnicity, race, type of household as well as location and type of settlement.
Since 1960, the homeownership rate in the United States has remained relatively stable having increased 5.6% since 1960 when 62.1% of American households owned their own home. However, homeowner equity has fallen steadily since World War II and is now less than 50% of the value of homes on average. Homeownership was most common in rural areas and suburbs with three quarters of suburban households being homeowners. Among the country's regions the Midwestern states had the highest homeownership rate with the Western states having the lowest. Recent research has examined the decline in homeownership rates among households with "heads" aged 25 to 44 years, which fell substantially between 1980 and 2000 and recovered only partially during the 2001-05 housing boom. This research indicates that a trend toward marrying later and the increase in household earnings risk that occurred after 1980 account for a large share of the decline in young homeownership.
Homeowners in the United States also tend to have higher incomes and households residing in their own home were more likely to be families (as opposed to individuals) than were their tenant counterparts. Among racial demographics, European Americans had the country's highest homeownership rate, while those identifying as being African American had the lowest homeownership rate. One study shows that homeownership rates appear correlated with higher school attainment.
The name "homeownership rate" can be misleading. As defined by the US Census Bureau, it is the percentage of homes that are occupied by the owner. It is not the percentage of adults that own their own home. This latter percentage will be significantly lower than the homeownership rate because many households that are owner-occupied contain adult relatives (often young adults, descendents of the owner) who do not own their own home, and because single building multi-bedroom rental units can contain more than one adult, all of whom do not own a home.
Method.
In the US, the homeownership rate is created through the "Housing Vacancy Survey" by the US Census Bureau. It is created by dividing the owner occupied units by the total number of occupied units. This is an important point to understand changes in the homeownership rate over time. The bust of the housing bubble resulted in many houses becoming foreclosed. However, the decrease in the homeownership rate from 3Q2007 to 4Q2007 was mostly a result of an increase in the renter's population and less due to a decrease in the homeowner population.
Government policy.
Homeownership has been promoted as government policy using several means involving mortgage debt and the government sponsored entities Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, and the Federal Home Loan Banks, which fund or guarantee $6.5 trillion of assets with the purpose of directly or indirectly promoting homeownership. Homeownership has been further promoted through tax policy which allows a tax deduction for mortgage interest payments on a primary residence. The Community Reinvestment Act also encourages homeownership for low-income earners. The promotion of homeownership by the government through encouraging mortgage borrowing and lending has given rise to debates regarding government policies and the subprime mortgage crisis.
Race.
The homeownership rate, as well as its variations over time, has varied significantly by race. While homeowners constitute the majority of white, Asian and Native American households, the homeownership rate for African Americans and those identifying as Hispanic or Latino has typically fallen short of the fifty percent threshold. Whites have had the highest homeownership rate, followed by Asians and Native Americans.
Hispanics had the lowest homeownership rate in the country in all years, except for 2002, up until 2005. For the last half of the decade of the 2000s the homeownership rate for Hispanics exceeded that of African Americans. Temporal fluctuations were slight for all races, with rates commonly not changing more than two percentage points per year.
The strongest increase in the percentage of homeowners in the first half of the decade of the 2000s was among non-white minorities. The homeownership rate for minorities approached the sixty percent mark in 2006, which was a significant change because less than half of all minority households owned homes as recently as 1994. The ownership rate for minorities increased by 25.6%, from 47.7% in 1993 to 59.9% in 2006. This rate fell after the 2006 peak, consistent with overall homeownership rates.
The increase among white Americans was less substantial. In 2005, 75.8% of white Americans owned their own homes, compared to 70% in 1993, and the rate fell during the last half of the decade of the 2000s, slightly more slowly than for the rest of the population. Thus one can conclude that despite a large remaining discrepancy between the homeownership rates among different racial groups, the gap had been closing up until the peak, with ownership rates increasing more substantially for minorities than for whites, but subsequently began slightly widening.
SOURCE: US Census Bureau, 2009
Type of household.
There is a strong correlation between the type and age of a household's family structure and homeownership. As of 2006, married couple families, which also have the highest median income of any household type, were most likely to own a home. Age played a significant role as well with homeownership increasing with the age of the householder until age 65, when a slight decrease becomes visible. While only 43% of households with a householder under the age of thirty-five owned a home, 81.6% of those with a householder between the ages of 55 and 64 did.
This means that households with a middle-aged householder were nearly twice as likely to own a home as those with a young householder. Overall married couple families with a householder age 70 to 74 had the highest homeownership rate with 93.3% being homeowners. The lowest homeownership rate was recorded for single females under the age of twenty-five of whom only 13.6%, were homeowners. Yet, single females had an overall higher homeownership rate than single males and single mothers.
Income.
There are considerable correlations between income, homeownership rate and housing characteristics. As income is closely linked to social status, sociologist Leonard Beeghley has made the hypothesis that "the lower the social class, then the fewer amenities built into housing." According to 2002, US Census Bureau data housing characteristics vary considerably with income. For homeowners with middle-range household incomes, ranging from $40,000 to $60,000, the median home value was $112,000, while the median size was and the median year of construction was 1970. A slight majority, 54% of homes occupied by owners in this group had two or more bathrooms.
Among homeowners with household incomes in the top 10%, those earning more than $120,000 a year, home values were considerably higher while houses were larger and newer. The median value for homes in this demographic was $256,000 while median square footage was 2,500 and the median year of construction was 1977. The vast majority, 80%, had two or more bathrooms. Overall, houses of those with higher incomes were larger, newer, more expensive with more amenities.

</doc>
<doc id="5930620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930620" title="Daigo Station">
Daigo Station

Daigo Station is the name of multiple train stations in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="5930630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930630" title="Yanagita Station">
Yanagita Station

Lines.
Yanagita Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 224.4 km from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Yanagita station consists of two opposed side platforms connected by an overpass. The station is unattended.
History.
Yanagita Station opened on November 7, 1926 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), serving the town of Yokote. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5930640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930640" title="Gosannen Station">
Gosannen Station

Lines.
Gosannen Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 234.7 km from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Gosannen Station consists of a side platform and an island platform connected by an overpass. The station is unattended.
History.
Gosannen Station opened on December 12, 1921 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), serving the village of Iizume. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. A new station building was completed on December 12, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5930644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930644" title="Iizume Station">
Iizume Station

Lines.
Iizume Station is served by the Ōu Main Line, and is located 239.8 km from the terminus of the line at Fukushima Station. 
Station layout.
Iizume Station consists of a single island platforms connected to the station building by an overpass.
History.
Iizume Station opened on June 15, 1905 as a station on the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), serving the village of Iizume. The JGR became the Japan National Railways (JNR) after World War II. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987. 

</doc>
<doc id="5930647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930647" title="Pat Brittenden">
Pat Brittenden

Pat Brittenden is a New Zealand broadcaster, blogger and political commentator. Brittenden cut his teeth in current affairs and talkback working for Newstalk ZB from 2004 until his resignation at the end of 2011. Brittenden's reason for resigning from the number one show in the country, on NZ's number one network is said to be 'to pursue some personal business opportunities' although sources say in part it is because there was no progression plan for him at Newstalk ZB. In his career Brittenden has worked alongside many of NZ's top broadcasters including Paul Holmes, Jeremy Corbett, Mike Hosking, Kerre Woodham, Paul Ego, Petra Bagust and Rob Harley just to name a few 
In his career, Brittenden has worked for both music and talk stations including More FM Auckland, Coastline FM (now More FM Tauranga), Life FM, the weekend breakfast announcer at Classic Hits, Newstalk ZB and New Zealand's Rhema.
In 2011 in the lead up to NZ's 2011 election Brittenden also made his first foray into the world of PodCasting working with comedian Jeremy Elwood on the short run Slightly Correct Political Show. The show was only really every broadcast on Facebook, and whilst many heavyweight political figures featured on the show word has it that it was never going to go beyond the November election. 
In November 2011, Brittenden was employed by TVNZ to appear on Breakfast in the lead up to the 2011 NZ Election. His area of expertise was the electoral referendum to coincide with NZ's 2011 election. 
Pat Brittenden has also been seen on New Zealand's small screens with small guest parts in "Shortland Street" including a recurring role as security guard Merv, 2008 political satire "The Pretender", TV3 children's drama "Secret Agent Man" and back in 1999 as a VJ on "Juice TV". He has also worked as a teacher.He was educated at Sacred Heart College and St Peter's College.

</doc>
<doc id="5930649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930649" title="VA14">
VA14

VA-14 has the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="5930652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930652" title="Degree of a polynomial">
Degree of a polynomial

The degree of a polynomial is the highest degree of its terms, when the polynomial is expressed in canonical form (i.e., as a linear combination of monomials). The degree of a term is the sum of the exponents of the variables that appear in it. The term order refers to a different, but related concept.
For example, the polynomial formula_1 has three terms. (Notice, this polynomial can also be expressed as formula_2.) The first term has a degree of 5 (the sum of the powers 2 and 3), the second term has a degree of 1, and the last term has a degree of 0. Therefore, the polynomial has a degree of 5 which is the highest degree of any term.
To determine the degree of a polynomial that is not in standard form (for example formula_3), one has to put it first in standard form by expanding the products (by distributivity) and combining the like terms; for example formula_4, and its degree is 1, although each summand has degree 2. However, this is not needed when the polynomial is expressed as a product of polynomials in standard form, because the degree of a product is the sum of the degrees of the factors.
Names of polynomials by degree.
The following names are assigned to polynomials according to their degree:
The degree of the zero polynomial is either left undefined, or is defined to be negative (usually −1 or −∞).
Other examples.
The canonical forms of the three examples above are:
Behavior under addition, subtraction, multiplication and function composition.
The degree of the sum (or difference) of two polynomials is equal to or less than the greater of their degrees, i.e.
E.g.
The degree of the product of a polynomial by a non-zero scalar is equal to the degree of the polynomial, i.e.
E.g.
Note that for polynomials over a ring containing divisors of zero, this is not necessarily true. For example, in formula_22, formula_23, but formula_24.
The collection of polynomials with coefficients from a given field F and degree smaller than or equal to a given number n thus forms a vector space. (Note, however, that this collection is not a ring, as it is not closed under multiplication, as is seen below.)
The degree of the product of two polynomials over a field is the sum of their degrees
E.g.
Note that for polynomials over an arbitrary ring, this is not necessarily true. For example, in formula_22, formula_28, but formula_29.
The degree of the composition of two polynomials over a field or integral domain is the product of their degrees
E.g.
Note that for polynomials over an arbitrary ring, this is not necessarily true. For example, in formula_22, formula_35, but formula_36.
The degree of the zero polynomial.
Like any constant value, the value 0 can be considered as a (constant) polynomial, called the zero polynomial. It has no nonzero terms, and so, strictly speaking, it has no degree either. As such, the degree of any such function is undefined. The above rules for the degree of sums and products of polynomials do not apply if any of the polynomials involved is the zero polynomial.
It is convenient, however, to define the degree of the zero polynomial to be "minus infinity", −∞, and introduce the rules
and
For example:
The price to be paid for saving the rules for computing the degree of sums and products of polynomials is that the general rule
breaks down when formula_47.
The degree computed from the function values.
The degree of a polynomial "f" can be computed by the formula
This formula generalizes the concept of degree to some functions that are not polynomials.
For example:
Another formula to compute the degree of "f" from its values is
Extension to polynomials with two or more variables.
For polynomials in two or more variables, the degree of a term is the "sum" of the exponents of the variables in the term; the degree (sometimes called the total degree) of the polynomial is again the maximum of the degrees of all terms in the polynomial. For example, the polynomial "x"2"y"2 + 3"x"3 + 4"y" has degree 4, the same degree as the term "x"2"y"2.
However, a polynomial in variables "x" and "y", is a polynomial in "x" with coefficients which are polynomials in "y", and also a polynomial in "y" with coefficients which are polynomials in "x".
This polynomial has degree 3 in "x" and degree 2 in "y".
Degree function in abstract algebra.
Given a ring R, the polynomial ring R["x"] is the set of all polynomials in "x" that have coefficients chosen from R. In the special case that R is also a field, then the polynomial ring R["x"] is a principal ideal domain and, more importantly to our discussion here, a Euclidean domain.
It can be shown that the degree of a polynomial over a field satisfies all of the requirements of the "norm" function in the euclidean domain. That is, given two polynomials "f"("x") and "g"("x"), the degree of the product "f"("x")"g"("x") must be larger than both the degrees of "f" and "g" individually. In fact, something stronger holds:
For an example of why the degree function may fail over a ring that is not a field, take the following example. Let R = formula_54, the ring of integers modulo 4. This ring is not a field (and is not even an integral domain) because 2 × 2 = 4 ≡ 0 (mod 4). Therefore, let "f"("x") = "g"("x") = 2"x" + 1. Then, "f"("x")"g"("x") = 4"x"2 + 4"x" + 1 = 1. Thus deg("f"⋅"g") = 0 which is not greater than the degrees of "f" and "g" (which each had degree 1).
Since the "norm" function is not defined for the zero element of the ring, we consider the degree of the polynomial "f"("x") = 0 to also be undefined so that it follows the rules of a norm in a euclidean domain.

</doc>
<doc id="5930656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930656" title="I Choose Noise">
I Choose Noise

I Choose Noise is the third studio album by British progressive breakbeat band Hybrid, as well as an EP by the same. The album included recorded symphonic sequences by the Seattle Session Orchestra, and was produced in collaboration with composer Harry Gregson-Williams.
The album was released in the UK on 4 September 2006 and in the United States on October 10, 2006. Although a bonus disc featuring Hybrid's live show at God's Global Gathering was intended to be included, it was omitted due to time constraints and may be released separately. Hybrid's track "Sleepwalking" was also originally intended for "I Choose Noise", but was omitted because it was felt not to fit into the album. The track did not become available until four years after it was originally produced, with the release of the album "Hybrid Remixed.
Due to popular demand, several tracks from the album were also released on 12" vinyl. The three releases were: "Dogstar / I Choose Noise", "Falling Down / Last Man Standing" & "Dreamstalker / Just for Today". By 15 December 2006, all three were available through the Distinct'ive Records website.

</doc>
<doc id="5930660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930660" title="Kang Jae-sup">
Kang Jae-sup

Kang Jae-sup (born 28 March 1948 in Uiseong, Gyeongsangbuk-do) is a South Korean politician and former leader of Grand National Party since 11 July 2006. He was first been elected in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="5930662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930662" title="Ribosome Recycling Factor">
Ribosome Recycling Factor

Ribosome Recycling Factor (RRF) is a protein found in bacterial cells as well as eukaryotic organelles, specifically mitochondria and chloroplasts. It functions to recycle ribosomes after completion of protein synthesis.
Discovery.
The ribosome recycling factor was discovered in the early 1970s by the work of Akira Kaji and Akikazu Hiroshima at the University of Pennsylvania. Their work described the requirement for two protein factors to release ribosomes from mRNA. These two factors were identified as RRF, an unknown protein until then, and Elongation Factor G (EF-G), a protein already identified and known to function in protein synthesis. RRF was originally called Ribosome "Releasing" Factor but is now called Ribosome "Recycling" Factor.
Function.
Recent evidence suggests RRF may accomplish the recycling of ribosomes by splitting ribosomes into subunits, thereby releasing the bound mRNA.
Loss of RRF Function:
Structure of RRF and Binding to Ribosomes.
The crystal structure of RRF was first determined by X-ray diffraction in 1999. The most striking revelation was that RRF is a near-perfect structural mimic of tRNA, in both size and dimensions. One view of RRF can be seen here.
Despite the tRNA-mimicry, RRF binds to ribosomes quite differently from the way tRNA does. It has been suggested that ribosomes bind proteins (or protein domain) of similar shape and size to tRNA, and this, rather than function, explains the observed structural mimicry.

</doc>
<doc id="5930666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930666" title="Calais RUFC">
Calais RUFC

Calais Racing Union FC (Calais RUFC) is a French football club based in Calais, France. It is a currently playing in Group A of the Championnat de France amateur 2, the fifth tier of French football.
Calais RUFC was founded in 1902 and, as an amateur club, reached the 2000 Coupe de France Final which it lost to top-flight FC Nantes Atlantique. The club plays at the 12,342-seater Stade de l'Épopée.
History.
Foundations.
Racing Club de Calais.
The club was founded in 1902 as Racing Club de Calais. RC Calais had excellent results in the first editions of the Coupe de France, taking part in the quarter-finals of the competition in 1921, the last 8 in 1922 and the last 16 in 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926 and 1930. In 1921 Calais even beat CASG Paris in the second round 3-2. The club joined the professional ranks in 1933. Lack of sufficient financial resources, Calais opted to give up its professional status in 1938, which remain the only 5 years of professional football in Calais. RC Calais remained in the amateur divisions, rejoining the CFA in 1962 but the following years were spent oscillating between the CFA and Division d'Honneur.
Union Sportive.
Union Sportive was founded after the war in 1947, after a merger of two local clubs. It's main successes were reaching the last 32 of Coupe de France and notable appearances in Coupe Gambardella.
Merger.
"Racing Club" was merged with Union Sportive in 1974, renamed as Calais Racing Union Football Club to reflect the names of the 2 clubs, and was given both the clubs colours. Before the merger derby matches between the two attracted up to 5000 fans.
1999-2000 Coupe de France.
Calais RUFC entered the international spotlight during their run to the final of the 2000 Coupe de France, under Spanish coach Ladislas Lozano. Made up of teachers, dock workers and office clerks, Calais' cup run saw the team defeat first division teams Racing Strasbourg and Bordeaux.
They eventually lost 2-1 to Nantes in the final at the Stade de France in Paris on 7 May 2000, despite leading 1-0 at half-time.
Recent history.
The club played their first match in their new Stade de l'Épopée on 27 September 2008, losing 4-1 to Laval in a Championnat National (third tier) match. Calais were relegated from the Championnat National at the end of the 2008-09 season, which would have resulted in them playing in the CFA, but on 14 July 2009, it was announced by the DNCG that Calais RUFC had been relegated to the CFA 2 due to administrative reasons. On 17 April 2010, the club broke the attendance record for a CFA 2 game, which had previously stood at 3,078. The game against Wasquehal had an attendance of around 4,000.
On 15 May 2010, CRUFC won the CFA 2 Group A by defeating Gravelines 2-0, with Alexandre Danset scoring both of the goals. They would therefore compete in the CFA for the 2010-11 season. However, on 3 June 2010, the club were placed into liquidation by the Boulogne central court.
Honours.
French Cup
CFA Group A
Division Three (North)
CFA 2 Group A
DH North
DH North pas de Calais

</doc>
<doc id="5930667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930667" title="Crank (film)">
Crank (film)

Crank is a 2006 American action film written and directed by Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor and starring Jason Statham, Amy Smart, Jose Pablo Cantillo, Carlos Sanz, Efren Ramirez, Dwight Yoakam, Jay Xcala and Keone Young.
The plot centers on a British hitman in Los Angeles named Chev Chelios who is poisoned and must keep his adrenaline flowing constantly in order to keep himself alive, and in so doing causes mayhem, gets into fights with other gangsters, has altercations with the police, and takes numerous drugs. The title of the film comes from the slang word for methamphetamine.
Produced and distributed by Lakeshore Entertainment and Lions Gate Films, it was released in the United States on September 1, 2006 in 2,515 theaters. The film was generally well received.
Plot.
Chev Chelios (Jason Statham) is a Los Angeles-based English hitman and prolific criminal. He mainly works for the Mexican-American West Coast Crime Syndicate, which is headed by powerful crime lord Carlito (Carlos Sanz). Chelios has a girlfriend named Eve Lydon (Amy Smart), who doesn't know his true profession and he plans to quit working for the syndicate so that he could spend more time with Eve. Before he could quit, Chelios is contracted by Carlito to kill mafia boss Don Kim (Keone Young) as members of the Chinese Mafia have been encroaching on Carlito and his businesses for the last months. Chelios apparently carries out the hit. However, unbeknownst to Chelios, the hit proved to be "ill-advised", as the heat from the Triads had become bigger than even Carlito expected and to ease the pressure, Carlito offers the Chinese an explanation and a solution: Carlito had nothing to do with the hit, certain elements from his organization acted on their own and that he will have them removed. Upon hearing about the situation, Ricky Verona (Jose Pablo Cantillo), an ambitious small-time criminal and long-time rival of Chelios, uses the opportunity to conspire with Carlito against Chelios - Verona would kill Chelios so that the Chinese don't retaliate and then Verona can take Chelios's place as Carlito's new hired gun. While Chelios sleeps in his apartment, Verona, his brother Alex (Jay Xcala) and several henchmen break in, with Verona injecting Chelios with a Chinese synthetic drug (referred to once as "The Beijing Cocktail" and every other time as "The Chinese Shit"), which inhibits the flow of adrenaline, slows the heart and eventually kills the victim. Chelios wakes to find a disc, which was left by Verona and contains a recorded video, during which Verona is shown injecting Chelios with the poison, taunts him, tells him how he should have thought twice before killing Don Kim and tells him he should have about an hour left before the poison stops his heart.
Chelios phones Doc Miles (Dwight Yoakam), a personal physician to the Mafia, who informs Chelios that in order to survive he must keep his adrenaline pumping through constant excitement and danger, or get some artificial adrenaline, epinephrine. With his own adrenaline keeping the poison at bay at first, Chelios breaks into a hospital and steals numerous drugs, much more than Doc Miles advises him to take and also gets "juiced" by a hit from a defibrillator. He also keeps his adrenaline up through reckless and dangerous acts like picking fights with other gangsters, committing robberies with brazen shoplifting, fighting with police, stealing a police officer's motorcycle then riding it in order to crash it, having sex with his girlfriend in public and driving his car through a shopping mall.
The entire film takes place in a single day, on November 7, 2005, over the course of which Chelios sets out to find Verona and his street gang. Thinking that Carlito is on his side and could help him, Chelios visits Carlito, who is at his penthouse and begs Carlito to help find an antidote to the poison, as well as to find and kill Verona and his crew. However, Carlito simply says there is no antidote and only confirms Verona's words from an earlier cellphone conversation between Chelios and Verona that Carlito and Verona are working together. Carlito also tells Chelios how he will use his death as a scapegoat against the Chinese. An angered Chelios leaves Carlito's penthouse to find Verona. Through Chelios' street contact Kaylo (Efren Ramirez), he finds Alex at a restaurant and unsuccessfully interrogates him about his brother's whereabouts. Alex manages to wrestle Chelios to the ground and the two fight until Kaylo intervenes and Alex moves on to beat him. Chelios takes advantage of the situation, picks up Alex's gun and shoots Alex in the back of his head, killing him. Chelios phones Verona through Alex's phone and coldly tells him about of his brother's death, prompting Verona to send thugs after Chelios' girlfriend Eve Lydon. Chelios rushes to pick up Eve before Verona's thugs get to her. Chelios reveals to her his true profession and that he spared Don Kim's life and told him to leave LA, because Chelios wanted to quit the syndicate and spend more time with Eve.
Chelios receives a call from Kaylo, who tells him that Verona is at a warehouse, owned by the Triads and after hanging up, a tied-up Kaylo is killed by henchmen, working for Carlito. Chelios goes there, meets with the henchmen and also finds Kaylo's corpse. They reveal that Carlito ordered them to find and kill Chelios, due to the fact that Chelios made unauthorized hits and destroyed properties, during his mayhem across Los Angeles, and as a result caused a great deal of embarrassment to the syndicate. Eve unexpectedly arrives and she and Chelios escape after a shootout with Carlito's henchmen. They go to Doc Miles's place, where Miles explains to Chelios that he can't cure him from the poison, but that he can keep Chelios alive for some time, but sooner or later he will eventually fall into coma and die. Rather than choosing to be kept alive and eventually die, Chelios decides to take his revenge on Verona and arranges a meeting with him at the downtown boutique hotel "Lint". Before leaving, Chelios promises to Eve that he will come back and also takes with him an insulin pump, filled with ephedrine, which will keep him alive for an hour.
Chelios goes to the rooftop of the hotel and meets with Verona, Carlito and his henchmen. During a conversation between Carlito and Chelios, Carlito criticizes Chelios for being a real nightmare, but also praises him for being very resourceful after removing the insulin pump, while Chelios tells Verona that once he (Chelios) dies, Verona will be paid only half the money Carlito used to pay Chelios and also insults Verona several times. Verona quickly rises and he points his gun at Chelios and threatens him, until Carlito yells at him to sit down and laments the fact that the day was very long, but everything turned out okay, with Don Kim dead and the Triads from Hong Kong getting their scapegoat. Carlito then takes out a syringe, filled with the same Chinese poison used by Verona and as he is about to inject the poison into Chelios and kill him, Don Kim surprisingly arrives with his Triads to assist Chelios and a shootout follows. During the battle, Chelios, Carlito and Verona take cover, while Don Kim's and Carlito's men wipe out each other. After all of his men get killed, Carlito tries to escape with his private helicopter, but Chelios manages to catch up to him and has him at gunpoint. Before Chelios can kill Carlito for betraying him to Verona and for ordering the hit on him, which resulted in the death of Kaylo, Verona sneaks behind and injects Chelios with the syringe, after which Chelios collapses. Carlito himself is betrayed by a treacherous Verona, who shoots Carlito to death and then tries to escape with Carlito's helicopter. Chelios manages to stand up, thanks to the large noise coming from the helicopter, boards it and engages in a fight with Verona. After some struggle, Chelios manages to pull Verona out of the helicopter and while mid-air, Chelios proceeds to snap Verona's neck, killing him. While still falling, Chelios calls Eve on his cell phone to apologize for not coming back. Chelios hits a car, bounces off it and lands right in front of the camera. In the last shot, it is implied that his adrenaline is indeed still flowing fast; his nostrils flare, he blinks, and two heartbeats are heard.
Production.
The film was shot on-location in Los Angeles. Co-directors Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor operated both "a" and "b" cameras, where one would get a wide shot and the other would get a close-up shot. Jason Statham did all of his own fight and car stunts, including the fight with Verona in a helicopter 3,000 feet above Los Angeles.
"Crank" has a number of notable references to video games, especially the early "Grand Theft Auto" series. In the opening credits there are flashes of arcade machine boot up sequences, and also the high score table of "" (1982) is briefly displayed. Another example of this is Verona's sidekick is seen playing "Berzerk" (1980) in the car. The humanoid graphic of "Berzerk" is also displayed on the male toilet door Chev enters. At one point, Chev tells Eve that he is not actually a video game programmer. A short post credits sequence shows Chev running and shooting through a 16-bit style world drawn by pixel artist Miguel Sternberg and produced/directed by David Marks at Silverbirch Studios in Toronto. A J2ME "Crank" game was developed for Lions Gate, also produced and directed by David Marks at Silverbirch Studios. Many critics noted that "Crank" was more like a live-action video game than a film.
Marketing.
Directors Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor, along with actors Jason Statham and Efren Ramirez, appeared at the 2006 Comic-Con Convention in San Diego, California. The panel showed a short clip and promoted the film, mentioning that it was shot in HD and that no wires or CGI were used for the stunt scenes.
The filmmakers also made extensive use of web advertisement to promote the film. Lions Gate Films bought a featured spot on the home page of YouTube and paid several of its well-known members to advertise. Independently, Mark Neveldine, Brian Taylor and Efren Ramirez appear in a vlog by a user known as "biostudentgirl" on YouTube as well as her personal site.
Reception.
On its first day of release, 1 September 2006, "Crank" earned $3.3 million, the day's highest earnings. In the film's first weekend, it earned $13 million, putting it at second place behind "Invincible" which earned $15.2 million. "Crank" grossed $27,838,408 at the domestic American box office, with another $15,092,633 in foreign box offices. In total "Crank" had worldwide receipts of $42,931,041, a financial success on the budget of $12,000,000.
Reviews for "Crank" were mixed to positive, currently holding a 61% "fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack for the film was released on August 22, 2006 by Sony Music.
DVD releases.
The Region 2 version of the DVD was released December 26, 2006, but initially had no special features. The Region 1 DVD was released by Lionsgate on January 9, 2007. This DVD is available in separate anamorphic widescreen and fullscreen editions, each with Dolby Digital 5.1 and 2.0 tracks. The bonus materials includes running cast and crew audio commentary, behind-the-scenes footage, gags, maps, making-of insights, and interviews with the cast. These features are all accessible via the "Crank'd Out Mode" - a pop-up window feature that allows access to the extras without ever leaving the film. The DVD also includes a "family friendly" audio replacement, in which the film is dubbed over as it would appear on a television broadcast. However, the violence, language subtitles, and nudity are still the same.
Sequel.
"Crank: High Voltage" is the 2009 sequel to "Crank". It picks up seconds after the first film left off. It seems that the poison in Chelios' body has worn off, but retains the gimmick of the first installment; he now has an artificial heart which he must keep charged with electricity to stay alive.

</doc>
<doc id="5930687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930687" title="Radio Marlborough">
Radio Marlborough

Radio Marlborough was a radio station in Blenheim.
The station was first started in 1965 as 2ZE broadcasting on 1540AM. The station moved to 1539AM in 1978 when the AM band in New Zealand was adjusted from 10kHz spacing to 9kHz spacing at this time the station became Radio Marlborough.
In 1981 a relay to Picton was established also on 1539AM with the call sign 2ZF and in 1993 the Picton frequency was adjusted to 1584AM. In 1991 Radio Marlborough began broadcasting on 96.9FM.
In 1998 Radio Marlborough became part of the Community Radio Network with all programming outside of the breakfast show being fed from a central studio originally based in Taupo.
In 2001 all Community Radio Network stations became part of the Classic Hits FM network with programming outside of the breakfast show based from Auckland. At this point the station became known as "Classic Hits Radio Marlborough." The local breakfast show is hosted by Scott 'Rado' Radovanovich. In 2001 the 1539AM frequency in Blenheim was used to broadcast Radio Sport into the Marlborough region but continued to broadcast on 1584AM in Picton, until 2010 when it was changed back to 1539AM in Picton, and Radio Sport moved to 98.5FM in Blenheim. On 1 March 2012 Classic Hits ceased broadcasting on 1539AM frequency in Picton and is scheduled to be replaced by Coast in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="5930701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930701" title="Brasiguayos">
Brasiguayos

Brasiguayo (Spanish) or brasiguaio (Portuguese) is a term referring to Brazilian migrants in Paraguay and their descendants. They typically live in the Southeastern Paraguayan departments of Canindeyú and Alto Paraná, which border with Brazil. Most emigrated from Brazil by the 1960s. They are often accused of imposing on the culture, language and currency of Paraguay. In total they make up 455,000 Brasiguayans , or about one-tenth of Paraguay's population
In some border zones, Brasiguayos and their descendants are more than 90% of the population, where Portuguese is still spoken as the mother tongue. In San Alberto de Mbaracayú city, approximately 80% of its 23,000 cona are of Brazilian ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="5930730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930730" title="Category of relations">
Category of relations

In mathematics, the category Rel has the class of sets as objects and binary relations as morphisms.
A morphism (or arrow) "R" : "A" → "B" in this category is a relation between the sets "A" and "B", so .
The composition of two relations "R": "A" → "B" and "S": "B" → "C" is given by:
Properties.
The category Rel has the category of sets Set as a (wide) subcategory, where the arrow (function) in Set corresponds to the functional relation defined by: .
The category Rel can be obtained from the category Set as the Kleisli category for the monad whose functor corresponds to power set, interpreted as a covariant functor.
Perhaps a bit surprising at first sight is the fact that product in Rel is given by the disjoint union (rather than the cartesian product as it is in Set), and so is the coproduct.
Rel is monoidal closed, with both the monoidal product formula_1 and the internal hom formula_2 given by cartesian product of sets.
The involutary operation of taking the inverse (or converse) of a relation, where if and only if , induces a contravariant functor that leaves the objects invariant but reverses the arrows and composition. This makes Rel into a dagger category. In fact, Rel is a dagger compact category.

</doc>
<doc id="5930739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930739" title="Black Robe">
Black Robe

Black Robe, first published in 1985, is a historical novel by Brian Moore set in New France in the 17th century.
The novel follows Father Laforgue, a French Jesuit priest traveling up river to repopulate the mission to the Huron Indians. (The First Nations peoples called the priests "Black Robes".) It chronicles his interactions with the "heathen" tribes of Algonkian (friendly) and Iroquois (unfriendly), as well as his inner struggles of faith, as he travels upriver to bring salvation to the Hurons. As he is traveling with the Huron Indians, he realizes how difficult it will be to change their minds about their current faith.
At First the Huron Indians create an agreement with the French people to allow "Black Robe" and his accomplice Daniel to travel with them for a few weeks. As "Black Robe" and Daniel are trying to bring salvation to the Hurons they get labeled as demons and are outcast from the group.
Moore juxtaposes the "superstitious" religious beliefs of the Native people with the Christian religious beliefs of Father Laforgue, which the reader can see very nearly mirror each other.
The book was adapted into the 1991 film of the same title directed by Bruce Beresford, for which Moore wrote the screenplay.
Reception.
Writing in "The New York Times", novelist James Carroll described "Black Robe" as "an extraordinary novel... in which Brian Moore has brought vividly to life a radically different world and populated it with men and women wholly unlike us. His novel's achievement, however, is that, through the course of its shocking narrative... we recognize its fierce, awful world as the one we live in. We put Mr. Moore's novel down and look at ourselves and our places differently".
Anstiss Drake in the "Chicago Tribune" praises the novel's "economy of style, vivid characterizations, spellbinding story and a master's touch... He accomplishes a portrait of native tribespeople that is acute and unsentimental. In Laforgue, Moore gives us a type seldom seen nowadays; he has saintly purity and heroism. Laforgue suffers in both mind and spirit on his quest; for his God he walks into a wilderness from which he will never return".

</doc>
<doc id="5930745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930745" title="Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999">
Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999

The Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC Act) is an Act of the Parliament of Australia that provides a framework for protection of the Australian environment, including its biodiversity and its natural and culturally significant places. Enacted on 17 July 2000, it established a range of processes to help protect and promote the recovery of threatened species and ecological communities, and preserve significant places from decline.
The EPBC Act established the use of Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Regulations, which have provided for the issuing of approvals and permits for a range of activities on Commonwealth land and land affecting the Commonwealth. For example, commercial picking of wildflowers is regulated under the EPBC Act, and cannot be undertaken without an appropriate permit. Failure to comply with the Act can result in penalties including remediation of damage, court injunctions, and criminal and civil penalties.
The Act is administered by the Department of the Environment. On 16 October 2013 the Environment Minister announced that the Government had approved a framework for a "one stop shop" environmental approval process to accredit state planning systems under national environmental law, to create a single environmental assessment and approval process for nationally protected matters.
The Act identifies seven matters of national environmental significance:
Lists of threatened species are drawn up under the act, for instance Threatened fauna of Australia, and these lists are the primary reference to threatened species in Australia.
Treaties.
As an Act of the Commonwealth (federal) Parliament, it relies for its Constitutional validity upon the legislative powers of the Parliament granted by the Australian Constitution, which does not expressly refer to the environment. As such, key provisions of the EPBC Act are largely based on the following treaties:
2007 review.
A review of the Act and actions taken under the act released by the Australian National Audit Office (ANAO) in March 2007, the audit is entitled "The Conservation and Protection of National Threatened Species and Ecological Communities". The audit widely criticised the Department of the Environment and Water Resources for inaction with respect to the EPBC; key findings of the audit include:
The Hawke Report.
On 31 October 2008 the Minister for the Environment, Heritage and the Arts commissioned an independent review of the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC Act), the Australian Government's central piece of environmental legislation. Section 522A of the EPBC Act requires it to be reviewed every 10 years from its commencement.
The review was undertaken by Dr Allan Hawke.The aim of the report is to review the performance of the Act and, consistent with the objective of protecting the environment and biological diversity and maintain ecological processes, to recommend reforms that:
The "Final Report" was delivered to the Minister on 30 October 2009 and publicly released on 21 December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5930763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930763" title="Alp Haydar">
Alp Haydar

Alp Haydar (born 1982 in London) is a British actor of Turkish Cypriot origin. He was in "Girls in Love" as Darius.

</doc>
<doc id="5930787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930787" title="Rockhampton Airport">
Rockhampton Airport

Rockhampton Airport ("Connor Park") is a major Australian regional airport that services the city of Rockhampton, with flights to the cites of Brisbane, Gladstone, Cairns, Townsville and Mackay.
In 2011, the airport handled 701,062 passengers and 12,606 aircraftmovements, a drop from the 2010 figure of 777,212 passengers and 14,602 aircraft. The drop is attributed in part to the airport being closed for three weeks in January due to the 2010–2011 Queensland floods.
History.
Efforts to locate a permanent aerodrome site in the city had been proceeding for a number of years in the 1920s. The City Council and the Federal Government, however, could not come to an arrangement as to a suitable site. Prior to 1930, a number of locations within the city had been used for the operation of aircraft, all on a non-official basis and none suitable for long term use.
In 1929, the lease to a former racecourse, Connor Park, was acquired by a number of aspiring aviators, and they set about making it suitable for aircraft. The Rockhampton Aero Club was formed on 9 February 1930, and announced that flying training would commence at the location. The aerodrome was officially opened as Connor Park Aerodrome on 2 March 1930. A few weeks later, the aerodrome was again officially opened as Rockhampton Aerodrome, and the first passenger aircraft, a Fokker monoplane, "Star of Cairns", landed.
During World War II, facilities at the airport were substantially upgraded. The Commonwealth took over control of the airport, and the Royal Australian Air Force moved in. An Aeradio station was established to enable air ground communication, a facility that survived as a Flight Service Unit until 1992. Control Tower facilities were also established. At one stage, work was commenced to allow rapid demolition of the runways if required. In 1987 during upgrade work, the demolition tunnels were located and filled in. In February 1989, the Rockhampton City Council was vested with ownership of the airport.
Past and future redevelopments.
In 2008, Rockhampton Airport completed an A$8.4 million terminal redevelopment. Changes made during the renovation included the removal of the old viewing deck, a new security screening point and departure lounge, a new café/restaurant, the relocation of the airport offices, check-in counters, and baggage carousel and a customs screening point for international flights.
During 2008, new changes that will be occurring at the airport include the installation of new air-conditioners and lighting, a second security screening point, a larger departures lounge and 280 new seats. Airport Management will also be releasing an Expression of Interest with the aim of adding more retail outlets to the airport.
Accidents and incidents.
Rockhampton Airport closed on 1 January 2011 due to flooding affecting the runway. The airport was reopened on Monday, 24 January 2011.
Transport.
The terminal is also serviced by bus and taxi, with regular connections to Rockhampton City and the Capricorn Coast provided by Youngs Bus Service and other local operators.
Awards.
The Rockhampton Airport was named the 2007 Australian Major Airport of the Year at the prestigious National Awards in recognition of Excellence in Australian Aviation, in Melbourne on 13 November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5930794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930794" title="K2 Black Panther">
K2 Black Panther

The K2 Black Panther (Hangul: K2 '흑표'; Hanja: K2 '黒豹') is a fourth generation South Korean main battle tank that will replace most of the various models of M48 Patton tanks and complement the K1 series of main battle tanks now fielded by the Republic of Korea. The K2 is not being mass-produced due to serious troubles of transmission and main engine. A K2 costs over per unit.
Development.
In 1995, the South Korean Agency for Defense Development (Hangul: 국방과학연구소) was given the task of developing a modern armored fighting vehicle based upon Korean state-of-the-art domestic technologies. It was intended for this development program to further modernize the Republic of Korea Army; despite the superior capability of existing K1 and K1A1 designs versus existing North Korean tanks; most of which are aging T-55s and Type 59s. Emphasis upon indigenous technologies would also allow the proposed vehicle to enter the export market without licensing issues.
Early design variants included a version with an unmanned turret, which was later scrapped in favor of manned turret designs. It was also planned for the vehicle to be equipped with Rheinmetall's experimental 140 mm smoothbore gun, though this had to be abandoned when Rheinmetall ceased development upon the rationale that its current weapon, the 120 mm/L55 would be more than adequate to counter prospective armored threats for the foreseeable future. The K2 was subsequently reconfigured for the 120 mm/L55, though it is capable of mounting the 140 mm gun with minimum modifications should the need arise.
The design became production-ready in 2006, following 11 years in development and a research budget expenditure of approximately , and entered production phase on March 2, 2007 in Changwon, South Korea.
It was planned that the K2 would feature a domestically-designed powerpack, based upon the German-designed MTU-890, comprising a Doosan Infracore Corporation 12-cylinder diesel engine and a S&T Dynamics transmission. However, this encountered recurrent technical trouble in testing, leading to a delay in operational deployment of the K2 for 2 years.
In March 2011, South Korea's Defense Acquisition Program Administration (DAPA) announced that mass production of the K2, which the Army was expecting to deploy in 2012, will not happen until 2013 due to problems concerning its engine and transmission. In April 2012 DAPA announced that due to ongoing issues with the reliability and durability of the domestically-produced powerpack, the first 100 production K2s would use a MTU powerpack and that service entry would be delayed until March 2014.
Weapons systems.
Main armament: L55 120 mm smoothbore gun, Rheinmetall licensee (developed under license by the Agency for Defense Development and manufactured by World Industries Ace Corporation). This is complemented by an autoloader, similar to that designed for Leclerc, it can fire up to 20 rounds a minute or every 3 seconds, without being affected by the gun's angle. The ammunition for the main gun is loaded in a 16-shell magazine, with a total ammunition capacity of 40.
Secondary Weapons: 12.7 mm K-6 heavy machine gun; 7.62 mm coaxial machine gun.
Fire Control System and Optics.
The K2 is equipped with an advanced Fire Control System (FCS) linked to a millimeter band radar system deployed on the frontal arc of the turret, along with a traditional laser range-finder and crosswind sensor. The system is capable of a "lock-on" mode, which can acquire and track specific targets up to a range of 9.8 km using thermal optics. This allows the crew to fire accurately while moving as well as effectively engage low-flying aircraft.
The FCS is also linked to an advanced gun stabilizer and trigger-delay mechanism to optimise accuracy while moving in uneven terrain. Should the trigger on the main gun be pulled at the moment the tank encounters an irregularity in the terrain, oscillation of the gun barrel will cause temporary misalignment between a laser emitter at the top of the barrel and a sensor at the base. This will delay the FCS from activating until the beam is re-aligned, improving the chances of hitting the intended target.
The Korean Gunner's Primary Sight (KGPS) and the Korean Commander's Panoramic Sight (KCPS) are present in the Black Panther as in the original series of K1A1 tanks, though modified to utilize the more advanced sensors and armaments deployed on the K2.
The commander of the tank has the ability to override the command to take control of the turret and gun from the gunner. Moreover, unconfirmed reports state that, in the event of an emergency, the vehicle can be operated by only two, or even a single, crew member. It is speculated that the FCS can automatically spot and track visible targets, compare them using the data link established with other friendly vehicles to prevent redundant target engagements, and fire its main gun without manual input.
Munitions.
The K2's primary anti-tank munition is an indigenously developed, improved tungsten APFSDS kinetic energy penetrator, which offers significantly greater penetration than the current generation of tungsten rounds through better heat treatment of the tungsten alloy and a technique referred to as the "self-sharpening process". The latter works by making the tungsten core sharpen rather than deform during the penetration of armor.
The Korean Smart Top-Attack Munition (KSTAM) is a fire-and-forget, top-attack anti-tank munition with an effective operating range of 2–8 km, developed specifically for use with the K2. It is launched as a kinetic energy projectile, fired from the main gun in a high trajectory profile comparable to that of a mortar. Upon reaching its designated target area, a parachute deploys, giving onboard millimeter band radar, Infrared and radiometer sensors time to seek and acquire stationary or moving targets. When a target is acquired, an explosively formed penetrator is fired from a top-down position, to exploit the weaker top armor of tanks. Target acquisition can also be directed manually by the tank crew via a remote-link. These characteristics allow the launch vehicle to remain concealed behind cover while firing successive rounds towards the known location of an enemy, or provide effective indirect fire support against targets hidden behind obstacles and structures.
For attacking unhardened targets, the K2 can use a multi-purpose HEAT chemical energy round, similar to the U.S. M830A1 HEAT MP-T, providing good offensive capabilities against personnel, unarmored and lightly armored vehicles on the ground as well as low-flying helicopters.
Defensive capabilities.
Details of the composite armor of the Black Panther are classified. The frontal armor has been proven to be effective at defeating the 120 mm APFSDS round fired from the L55 gun. Explosive Reactive Armor blocks are also present, with the addition of Non-Explosive Reactive Armor planned for the K2 PIP version (See below).
Defense against incoming missiles is provided by a soft-kill anti-missile system. The K2 PIP will likely deploy a hard-kill anti-missile defense system when it is released within the next few years.
The millimeter band radar system mounted on the turret is capable of operating as a Missile Approach Warning System (MAWS). The vehicle's computer in turn can triangulate incoming projectiles, immediately warn the vehicle crew and fire off Visual and Infrared Screening Smoke (VIRSS) grenades, which can effectively block optical, infrared and radar signatures. Once the hard-kill AMS is installed, the radar system will also be responsible for tracking and targeting the incoming missiles for the AMS.
The K2 also has a Radar Warning Receiver (RWR) and radar jammer. Four all-bearing Laser warning receivers (LWR) are also present to alert the crew should the vehicle become "painted", and the computer can also fire off VIRSS grenades in the direction that the beam is coming from.
An automatic fire suppression system is programmed to detect and put out any internal fires that may occur, and atmospheric sensors alert the crew if the tank enters a hazardous environment.
Mobility and maneuverability.
The K2 can travel at speeds of up to 70 km/h on road surfaces, accelerate from 0 to 32 km/h within 7 seconds, and maintain speeds of up to 52 km/h in off-road conditions. It can also climb 40-degree slopes and vertical obstacles 1.8 meters in height. Due to the relatively compact design of the engine, the designers were able to fit an additional Samsung Techwin gas-turbine engine into the remaining compartment space. This is capable of producing , and intended to act as an auxiliary power unit with which the tank may power its on-board systems when its main engines are turned off. It will also allow the tank to conserve fuel when idling and minimise the vehicle's thermal and acoustic signatures.
The vehicle can cross rivers as deep as 5 meters using a snorkel system, which also serves as a conning tower for the tank commander. The system takes approximately 30 minutes to prepare. The turret becomes watertight while fording, but the chassis can take in 500 gallons of water to prevent excessive buoyancy from air inside the vehicle and keep the tracks planted firmly on the ground. Furthermore, the tank can enter combat-ready status as soon as it resurfaces.
The Black Panther fields an advanced suspension system, called the In-arm Suspension Unit (ISU), which allows for individual control of every bogie on the tracks. This allows the K2 to "sit", "stand" and "kneel", as well as "lean" towards one side or a corner. "Sitting" gives the tank a lower profile and offers superior handling over roads. "Standing" gives the vehicle higher ground clearance for maneuverability over rough terrain. "Kneeling" augments the angular range in which the tank's gun barrel can elevate and depress, allowing the vehicle to fire its main gun downhill as well as engage low-flying aircraft more effectively. The suspension unit also cushions the chassis from vibrations when travelling over uneven terrain, as the bogies can be adjusted individually on-the-fly.
Network-centric considerations.
The K2 houses the following features which help to improve situational awareness for the crew:
Work is also under way to integrate the XAV unmanned wheeled reconnaissance vehicle into the Black Panther's systems, giving the tank's crew the ability to remotely scout an area without exposing its position.
K2 product improvement program.
The K2 PIP is an improved version of the initial production model of the K2 that will be released within the next few years. Improvements will include:
KAPS.
The Korean Active Protection System (KAPS) is an indigenously developed hard-kill active protection system designed to protect the K2 from anti-tank threats. It uses a three-dimensional detection and tracking radar and a thermal imager to detect incoming threats. Warheads can be detected out to 150 meters from the tank, and a defensive rocket is fired to destroy them at 10-15 meters away. The KAPS can neutralize rocket-propelled grenades and anti-tank guided missiles. The system may be installed on other platforms in the future like warships, helicopters, and buildings. Unit price per system is 670 million won ($600,000).
Technical transfer.
After competing against the Leclerc and Leopard 2, the K2 finally established its first export customer in Turkey. In June 2007, South Korea and Turkey successfully negotiated an arms deal contract worth ₩500 billion (approximately US$540 million) licensing the design of the K2, as well as exporting 40(+15) KT-1 trainer planes, to Turkey.
On July 30, 2008, South Korea's Rotem and Turkey's Otokar signed a contract worth $540 million for technological and design assistance, also technology transfer of some of the parts of the K2. The technology is to be incorporated to Turkey's own indigenous future main battle tank, dubbed MİTÜP Altay. As of May, 2009, no design details of the Altay tank have been made public. Despite sharing many subsystems with the K2, such as protective armor and main gun, it is expected to feature a different look and have different performance characteristics.
However, Turkey required partial dissolution of contractual coverage from the South Korean national-defense agency in January, 2011 for reasons of the delay in development.
Operators.
Export.
In late September 2013, South Korea entered the K2 Black Panther in the Peruvian Army's future tank competition.

</doc>
<doc id="5930802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930802" title="Polyeidos (poet)">
Polyeidos (poet)

Polyeidos (, also Πολύειδος or Πολυείδης; fl. c. 400 BCE) was an ancient Greek dithyrambic poet who was also skillful as a painter; he seems to have been esteemed almost as highly as Timotheus of Miletus. One of his pupils, Philotas, once defeated Timotheus in competition. According to Plutarch (De Mm. 21, p. 1138, b.), Polyeidos outdid Timotheus in those intricate variations, for the introduction of which the musicians of this period are so frequently attacked by contemporaries. 
In "Poetics" 17, Aristotle notes the example of "Polyeidos the Sophist" in bringing the action vividly before the hearer. The example is drawn from the myth of Orestes: "On his coming he was arrested, and about to be sacrificed, when he revealed who he was—either as Euripides puts it, or (as suggested by Polyeidos) by the not improbable exclamation, ’So I too am doomed to be sacrificed, as my sister was’".

</doc>
<doc id="5930804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930804" title="Andrea Schwartz">
Andrea Schwartz

Andrea Schwartz (born June 12, 1977 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a former international butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There she finished in 15th position in the 200m Butterfly, and in 20th place in the 400m Freestyle. With the Canadian Relay Team, Schwartz reached the final in the 4x200m Freestyle and ended up in fifth position, alongside Marianne Limpert, Shannon Shakespeare, and Jessica Deglau.

</doc>
<doc id="5930806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930806" title="Hakala">
Hakala

Nihad Fetić, known by his stage name Hakala, (born 1966) is a Bosnian singer.

</doc>
<doc id="5930809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930809" title="Eddie Garcia">
Eddie Garcia

Eduardo Verchez García (born May 2, 1929) popularly known as "Manoy" is a Filipino film actor and film director.
Biography.
He served with the Philippine Scouts during World War II and was stationed as a military policeman in Okinawa, Japan before joining showbusiness.
Career.
He was known to play the role of Leandro Montemayor, the fictional Philippine President on the television drama series, "Kung Mawawala Ka" (If Ever You Were Gone), and gave him his first Best Actor in a Drama Series in the 2002 Star Awards, and is also known for portraying various roles either the main villain or the lead or supporting character. He is also known for his trademark humorous lines which he says mostly in action films or comedy films.
He also played as Lolo Carlos (Grandfather Carlos) in the Filipino-American film, "The Debut", the Lolo Sinat (Grandfather Sinat) in the film, "Deathrow", and even the villainous Judge Valderama in "Kapag Puno Na Ang Salop" (If the Ganta is Full) and its two sequels, opposite of Fernando Poe, Jr.
He is the only person in the Philippines to be a Hall of Fame inductee of the FAMAS in three categories: Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor and Best Director.
He is the only performer in Philippine movie history to win three consecutive FAMAS Awards: Best Supporting Actor Awards for Taga sa Bato (1957), Condenado (1958) and Tanikalang Apoy (1959).
He is the most awarded and nominated person in the long history of the Filipino Academy of Movie Arts and Sciences (FAMAS) Awards. He garnered a total of 34 nominations (13 for Best Supporting Actor, 10 for Best Actor and 11 for Best Director). Out of these, he got 6 Best Supporting Actor wins, 5 Best Actor wins and 5 Best Director wins, 3 Hall of Fame Awards, 1 Lifetime Achievement Award and the Fernando Poe, Jr. Memorial Award. He was awarded his first FAMAS Award in 1957 and his last FAMAS, a Hall of Fame for Best Actor, in 2003.
Garcia was First Action Movie of Kahit Iputok mo Walang api (1989) Produced by: Diamond Films Until Last Action Movie Terrorist Hunter (2005) Produced by: Impact Films. He is also the first actor to be inducted in the FAMAS Best Supporting Actor Hall of Fame of the Filipino Academy of Movie Arts and Sciences in 1974.
Since 2013, Garcia is currently a part of ABS-CBN. He first appeared on "Juan dela Cruz", and later on "Honesto". In 2014, he is part of the cast of "Sana Bukas Pa Ang Kahapon".
Personal life.
His family is among the descendants of Spanish Pinaminomons settlers. He is a former member of the Philippine Scouts in Okinawa during World War II. The Philippine Military Academy Marangal (Honorable) Class of 1974 also adopted him as one of their honorary classmates, alongside First Gentleman Mike Arroyo.
He has a daughter living in San Diego, California by the name of Lisa Ortega. Not much are known about his spouse or his family, he was not rumored to be linked to any of his fellow co-stars, Eddie Garcia has been private on his personal affairs, unlike his contemporaries are known for their various relationships with other women.
He is also good friends with fellow veteran actors Dolphy and Fernando Poe Jr. He also witnessed the last moment of FPJ. Earlier that year during the 2004 presidential elections, he and Dolphy were campaigning alongside FPJ.
Awards and Nominations.
List of awards and nominations received by Eddie Garcia

</doc>
<doc id="5930814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930814" title="Tibial-plateau-leveling osteotomy">
Tibial-plateau-leveling osteotomy

TPLO, or tibial-plateau-leveling osteotomy, is a surgery performed on dogs to stabilize the stifle joint after ruptures of the cranial cruciate ligament (analogous to the anterior cruciate ligament in humans, and sometimes colloquially called the same).
In the vast majority of dogs, the cranial cruciate ligament (CrCL) ruptures as a result of long-term degeneration, whereby the fibres within the ligament weaken over time. We do not know the precise cause of this, but genetic factors are probably most important, with certain breeds being predisposed (including Labradors, Rottweilers, Boxers, West Highland White Terriers and Newfoundlands). Supporting evidence for a genetic cause was primarily obtained by assessment of family lines, coupled with the knowledge that many animals will rupture the CrCL in both knees, often relatively early in life. Other factors such as obesity, individual conformation, hormonal imbalance and certain inflammatory conditions of the joint may also play a role.
The cranial cruciate ligament runs from the cranila mid part of the tibial intercondylar eminence to the lateral condyle of the femur. Normally, the CrCL prevents caudal (backward) movement of the Femur relative to the Tibia. Due to selective breeding the tibial plateau slope has become sloped too far backwards so there is a constant stress on the Cranial cruciate liagment. Over time this leads to a degenerative rupture. When it ruptures, the joint becomes unstable which causes pain and can lead to chronic progressive arthritis in the stifle if untreated.
In a TPLO procedure, the tibial plateau, the portion of the tibia adjoining the stifle, is cut and rotated so that its slope changes to approximately 5 degrees from the horizontal plane. This prevents the femur from sliding down the slope of the tibial plateau when the dog puts weight on its knee. Thus surgery generally results in faster recovery times compared to other procedures to stabilize the knee. Most dogs (over 90%) are expected to regain a very active and athletic lifestyle with no post-operative complications and without the need for any long-term pain relieving medication.

</doc>
<doc id="5930815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930815" title="BS BolticGöta">
BS BolticGöta

BS BolticGöta, or for short "BG", is a bandy club in Karlstad, Sweden.
The two major bandy clubs in Karlstad, IF Boltic and IF Göta, was merged in the year 2000 and founded "Föreningen Bandysällskapet BolticGöta Karlstad", in a shorter form called "BS BolticGöta". Since 2008, the club uses the name IF Boltic again, even if the formal name stays the same.

</doc>
<doc id="5930821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930821" title="Mad at the World">
Mad at the World

Mad at the World was a Christian rock band active from 1987 to 1998 in Southern California. It originally consisted of brothers Roger and Randy Rose with Mike Pendleton, later joined by Brent Gordon. Pendleton and Gordon left the band in 1992 and were replaced by Mike Link and Ben Jacobs. The band produced seven studio albums, one compilation package and two double reissues of previous albums.
History.
Roger Rose was a mail carrier in southern California when he formed the band in 1987. The job gave him a chance to work out songs in his head, writing ideas down when he got back to his Jeep. He also already owned a lot of synthesizers, drum machines and recording equipment. One day while on his route, he stuck a tape in a Frontline Records executive's mailbox.
When asked to explain the name of the band, Roger cites 1 John 2:16, "love not the world, neither the things of the world."
In 1987 the band, consisting of Roger Rose, his brother Randy (who was only fifteen years old at the time) and their friend Mike Pendleton, released "Mad at the World". The disc was unique in christian music for featuring a synth-pop style of dance music heavily influenced by bands like Tears for Fears and especially Depeche Mode. This was at a time when the Christian music scene was dominated by Amy Grant and Stryper was breaking out. Roger's personal taste ran towards the sounds of Ultravox and Depeche Mode, a sound that no Christian band was playing at that time, prompting him to create the band and write the music. He attempted to "avoid church talk and cliche, (resulting) in some fresh, invigorating images."
Although not the best-selling album by the band, it is fondly remembered by many fans.
Although Roger has stated that "Mad at the World" was the band's first and last disc not recorded entirely at Roger's home studio, the drum tracks for "Through the Forest" and "The Ferris Wheel" were both recorded at Randy's studio, Rose Studios.
Released in 1988, "Flowers in the Rain," their second disc, was still "techno-rock" but "the guitars are much more aggressive and the songs provide more variation". It was their first to chart and the second-highest charting album they produced. The songs dealt with issues like self-image ("Fearfully and Wonderfully"), putting trust in God instead of other people or Satan ("Holding the Puppet Strings"), and people's use of excuses to hold on to bad habits ("This Lie").
One of the things that stood out for many people about the first two albums was Roger's "faux" British accent.
Because the synthpop sound of the first two albums was difficult to emulate live the band decided to change direction. Beginning with their third disc, "Seasons of Love", and in order to have a sound more amiable for live performances, the band's musical style shifted to hard rock for the next three albums. "Seasons of Love," released in 1990 and the first disc to feature Brent Gordon on guitar, was the band's highest charting album, reaching number 18 on the "Billboard" Top Contemporary Christian chart. The band's switch to hard rock was jarring for some people. It features some very aggressive and energetic songs, including "Promised Land" and "So Insane", both of which deal with drug abuse. The album in general had the band being compared to The Cult, Danzig and The Cure.
In 1991 the band released "Boomerang" which included what has been called "the most controversial MATW song of all time," "Isn't Sex a Wonderful Thing?" "(see below)" The disc continued the trend of a heavier sound, with "If You Listen" rendering an atmosphere that can "make one envision a mysterious haunted mansion complete with a graveyard." The song "Sunday" drew comparisons to Alice In Chains and "Don't Give Up" "generates a sort of race car feel similar to songs by Stone Temple Pilots." Lyrically it focuses on sin, redemption, and God's love for people.
"Through the Forest" was released in 1992, the band's fifth studio album and the last to feature founding member Mike Pendleton and guitarist Brent Gordon. The two would leave the band following this disc. Why Pendleton and Gordon left is unclear, Gordon makes little reference to the band on his blog and no mention of why he joined or left. In an interview, Roger said, "they didn't really quit the band--they kinda quit and got fired all at the same time." Roger thanked them in the liner notes for the next disc.
1993 saw the release of "The Ferris Wheel". This was the first disc to feature Ben Jacobs on guitar and Mike Link on bass. They joined that year to replace Mike Pendleton and Brent Gordon. The two were in Randy's solo band, Rose, and while Roger was trying to decide whether to pursue a solo career or find new band members, they were suggested by Randy as good replacements.
The band's style changed radically on this disc, going from the hard rock of the previous three discs to a more retro, power pop, Beatles-esque sound. In an interview on the show "Real Videos" the band referred to the new sound as "indy," "alt" and (laughingly) "college." They also premiered their only production video, for "Eyes of Heaven" on this show.
In the liner notes for the disc, Roger writes; "Extra Special Thanks To: Brent Gordon and Mike Pendleton for your friendship, years of hard work and musical contribution to M.A.T.W. with such little reward."
"The Dreamland Café" was released in 1995, the band's final studio album. It continued the trend of softer, Beatleseque powerpop-oriented rock. This is also the only disc where Roger plays drums. In an interview, Roger said that there were songs where he did everything, and it was the result of a small budget and having a hard time getting everybody together. Thematically, he said the album could be interpreted "as a metaphor for the Church, or...Christianity or Christ...it's a little metaphor for...the optimistic, hopeful side of Christianity."
"The Dreamland Café" was also the final album for Frontline Records.
The band dissolved in 1998, having performed with various line-ups for eleven years.
Post-breakup.
In 1998, KMG Records released "World History", a collection of songs from the first six albums, but not "The Dreamland Café". It "downplayed the heavy guitars" and "brought to the forefront the picturesque vocal flair of Roger Rose." In the liner notes it states: "The unifying thread is the Rose brothers' great writing, vocals, arrangements and spiritual challenges to take control of your life by following God's plan." Writing for Phantom Tollbooth, Sam Hagadorn listed it as one of his ten best albums of 1998.
KMG also reissued "Seasons of Love" and "Mad at the World" as a single disc in 1998. In 1999 the same company reissued "Flowers in the Rain" and "Boomerang" as a single disc.
Roger became a worship leader, singing and writing songs for his church. He and his wife Julia also adopted two girls.
Randy has concentrated on solo work.
It is unlikely for there to be a reunion, although Roger has expressed that it "might be fun."
Neither the band collectively nor Roger Rose himself owns the catalogue of the band's music. This makes it unlikely for there to be any more re-issues, even on iTunes.
However, as of late 2010, all 7 of the original albums are available for purchase as mp3 downloads on Amazon.com.
Controversy Over "Isn't Sex a Wonderful Thing?".
The 1991 disc "Boomerang" included what has been called "the most controversial MATW song of all time," and one with which they "courted their share of controversy," "Isn't Sex a Wonderful Thing?" The band debuted the song at Cornerstone '89 and had planned to include the song on "Seasons of Love" but, according to Roger Rose, "(t)the record company thought it was too controversial, they thought the only thing anyone would remember is the hook line which says 'isn't sex a wonderful thing?' People might assume I was promoting promiscuity, and not get the point." The song, which deals with incest in one stanza, "is a statement," according to Rose, "but it's actually more of a question. I have known a Christian who had been sexually molested when she was younger and I had heard how this created all these emotional scars in her." He went on to say, "In the song I talk about the bad side of sex as it's been misused in our world, and in the last verse I go back to the idea that it's given by God...sex is a wonderful thing if it follows God's rules -- which is purity before marriage, fidelity after marriage -- where sex gets God's blessing." Nonetheless, because of that song, some of the band's albums were not sold at some Christian bookstores. This includes one in the town where the Rose Brothers' parents were living.
Touring.
Mad at the World was not known as a touring band and it affected their sales. In an interview after the release of "The Dreamland Café" Roger commented on this. The band were not willing to quit their day jobs and tour extensively because the Christian music market was and remains a small piece of the overall music market and rarely intersects with secular music. One time the band did tour several states for approximately a month and found it encouraging, but because it burned up vacation time it was not repeated. Other than that, the band played sporadically, even in their home-base of southern California.
Videos.
The band produced only one concept video, for the song "Eyes of Heaven" from "The Ferris Wheel". There are also two concert-footage videos, for "No More Innocence" and "Marshmallow Land", both shot in 1995.
Internet presence.
The band has a website, madattheworld.net, which is fairly extensive as a primer and includes information such as the band's discography, personnel info, interviews, as well as a guestbook.
Roger Rose, Randy Rose, Mike Link and Ben Jacobs all have MySpace pages, although in the cases of Randy and Ben it is in reference to their respective bands, Rose and The Jolly Llamas. All the pages refer to Mad at the World, but none have reminiscences or links concerning the band.
Brent Gordon has both a website and a blog, but his website is strictly concerning his animation work and his blog has no writing beyond song lyrics of other people's songs. He has a few pictures of his time in the band but not many.
Down the Line Zine published an interview with Roger in January 2009.
Legacy.
Mad at the World was never a huge selling band. Their biggest selling disc only reached 18 on Billboard's Top Contemporary Christian chart. They were never the focus of intensive marketing or promotion and did no national tours. For an interview with Roger after release of "The Dreamland Cafe", the interviewer could only get a one-page biography from Frontline Records. And because the band had three distinctive musical phases, the fanbase can be splintered, with groups concentrating on the sound of one or two albums (Firestream Music Vault has a page devoted to the band, but it concentrates on the middle three albums.) There are also no online reviews available, either professional or by fans, of their last three studio discs.
The guestbook on their website, however, continues to be signed by people claiming to have just discovered them, and their respective MySpace pages, although a notoriously unreliable source, draw fans from people claiming to still love their music. Anecdotal evidence claims that their music is played on the radio (albeit internet radio.) Roger has stated that he has "countless letters" from fans claiming that his songs "defined what they felt." And the two double-reissue discs in the late 90's imply that an audience willing to buy their music still exists. They were also admired for creating quality albums on a very low budget, and have been cited for singing about subjects not generally talked about in Christian music. Roger has stated that "if a person was to look at the majority of the whole Mad at the World musical career...it's probably more optimism through sort of the darker-side-of-life issues."
Lyrically, the band delved "into the many struggles we face in life including drugs, anger, hopelessness, and lost loves -- as well as hope, love, peace, forgiveness, blessed relationships, and eternal life."
Band members.
Frontman Roger Rose, was a mail carrier in southern California, although his MySpace page currently lists him as living in Dallas/Ft. Worth, TX. He started MATW as a synthpop band due to the absence of this type of music in the Christian market (he has cited Depeche Mode as an influence). Because of difficulties in playing this music live, Roger then turned the band toward a more hard rock type of music. Finally, he settled on an alternative rock style of music for the last two studio releases.
Roger married Julia in 1992.
Roger Rose was the main lyricist of the group. He did the vocals and guitars throughout most of the songs. He was also the primary songwriter. In an interview, he stated, "I think in most of my songs when I talk about things I'm always careful to point out the hope, or the answer, or the possibilities through some of (the) issues (of life)." Musically, Roger stated in a 2009 interview that his primary influence is "simple English pop rock."
Randy Rose was a member of MATW during its entire existence as a band from 1987-1998. When MATW was a synthpop band during its first two years, Randy played percussion, worked on the drum programming, and sang backup vocals. Randy continued with drums and vocals as the band transitioned to a hard rock band in early 1990. He also formed his own metal band soon after, named Rose. After his tenure in MATW, Randy went on to make various demos under different names until forming his current band Mothership in 1998.
Mike Pendleton played the guitar, keyboards, and percussion on the first two albums, "Mad at the World" and "Flowers in the Rain". He then switched over to bass guitar for the third through fifth albums, "Seasons of Love", "Boomerang", and "Through the Forest". He is also listed as an engineer and mixer on Honky Mofo's 2004 self-titled disc, and as an assistant engineer on Greg Jasperse's 2003 disc "Tournesol".
Brent Gordon climbed on board for the third album in 1990, and he played lead and rhythm guitars up through the band's fifth album. He co-wrote the song "Draggin' the Chains" on the Boomerang album. He also provided artwork for various albums.
As of 2007 Brent was playing guitar for a worship band at a church in California. He also works in the field of animation for Disney. His artwork can be viewed at his website.He also has a blog that has many photos, including a couple with MATW.[http://www.brentgordonsmusic.com/Podcast/Podcast.html
Brent Gordan left MATW in 1992, Ben Jacobs took over as lead guitarist for the band. He was in Randy's other band, Rose at the time and was suggested by Randy. He performed on the albums The Ferris Wheel and The Dreamland Cafe. He also was for a brief time a member of ROSE for the albums 'Healing', 'Intense Live Series Volume 3', 'Crazy Little World' and 'Into The Unknown'. After the disbandment of MATW and ROSE, Jacobs went on and formed the band The Jolly Lamas. Benjamin Jacobs and The Jolly Lamas music has had numerous independent cuts played on regular rotation on Radio Stations across America and Canada as well and local and regional attention in their homebase in Southern California. The Jolly Lamas are currently writing and recording for their third album. They occasionally perform at various venues throughout Southern California. The Jolly Lamas songs have appeared on "The Conan O'Brien Show", the independent film "The Others" and an Episode of "Dog the Bounty Hunter" and have been nominated several times at the San Diego Music Awards. In 2007 Benjamin Jacobs teamed up with Tim Bedley a teacher and drummer and started the successful educational rock band titled Rockin' the Standards Their first offering titled "Math" has hit number 1 on Amazon.com and Digstation under MP3 Albums - Children Category. Their "Language Arts" album is due out in early 2009.
Mike Link replaced Mike Pendleton as bassist in 1992. Like Ben Jacobs, he was in Randy's other band, Rose, at the time and was suggested by Randy. He performed on the albums "The Ferris Wheel", "The Dreamland Cafe" and "World History". He also was a member of Rose for the albums "Healing", "Intense Live Series Volume 3", "Crazy Little World" and "Into The Unknown" and played bass on Randy's Mood Ring project. After the disbandment of MATW and Rose, Link moved to Idaho and recruited to play bass for metal band, Paylface. He has also recorded/toured with other notable artists Factory Air, Oscar Ortega, Casey Corum, The Wannabes and Abel's Cry.

</doc>
<doc id="5930824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930824" title="Metal Church (Metal Church album)">
Metal Church (Metal Church album)

Metal Church is the self-titled debut album of the heavy metal band of the same name. The album was originally released independently by Ground Zero in 1984. Based on the success of the album, the band was signed to a recording contract by Elektra, who reissued it in 1985. The cover art depicts a cruciform Gibson Explorer hidden in shadows and smoke.
Some of their most notable songs are the opener, "Beyond The Black"; their title track; the instrumental "Merciless Onslaught"; "Gods Of Wrath" (which is different from all the other songs, as it had clean vocals, clean rhythms, and fluent solos); and the Deep Purple cover "Highway Star". The first European vinyl edition also contained a bonus track, "Big Guns". This bonus track is now available to download from Metal Church's official website.
Personnel.
Credits adopted from liner notes. 
Produced by Metal Church and Terry Date
Engineered by Terry Date
Mastered by Jack Skinner at Stirling Sound
See also.
"Metal Church" (Wayne album) - A 2001 solo album by Metal Church vocalist David Wayne

</doc>
<doc id="5930831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930831" title="Rio Receiver">
Rio Receiver

The Rio Receiver was a home stereo device for playing MP3 files stored on your computer's hard drive over an Ethernet or HomePNA network. It was later rebranded and sold as the Dell Digital Audio Receiver.
With a design derived from the existing Linux-based Empeg Car, it became popular among the Linux hacking community.
The hardware consisted of a Cirrus Logic 7212 CPU (ARM720T at 74 MHz), 1Mx32 (4 MB) of EDO RAM, and either 512k×16 or 256k×16 (1 MB or 0.5 MB) of NOR flash used to boot. Audio output used a Burr-Brown PCM1716 DAC that drove line outputs, the headphone jack, and a Tripath class-D digital audio amplifier for speakers. Network connections were via either a Cirrus logic 8900A (10MBit Ethernet) or a Broadcom HomePNA 10 Mbit/s chipset; if no Ethernet link was seen at boot time, the unit tried HomePNA. The user interface was a 128x64 pixel monochrome LCD with an EL backlight, a rotary control with a push button, several buttons and IR remote control.
The unit booted via a 2.2 linux kernel in flash which used DHCP and SSDP to discover an NFS server from which it loaded a new kernel. The second kernel then mounted a root filesystem over NFS containing a small set of standard POSIX tools and an application for selecting and playing music over the network, which was served using HTTP by the Audio Receiver Manager software running on a Windows PC. Although the music player and the Audio Receiver Manager and Broadcom HomePNA kernel driver module were proprietary software, the kernel and other tools were open source. The two-step kernel boot process allowed rapid development of changes to the kernel allowing units to run new kernels by simply power cycling them; the use of standard protocols meant a variety of replacement software components could be developed independently.

</doc>
<doc id="5930845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930845" title="KCFG">
KCFG

KCFG was a full-service television station in Flagstaff, Arizona, broadcasting locally in digital on UHF channel 32. It provides over-the-air digital service from its transmitter on Mormon Mountain. Founded February 10, 1997, the station is owned by KM Communications of Skokie, Illinois.
History.
KCFG began with an original construction permit granted to KM Communications on February 10, 1997 to transmit from Mount Elden north of Flagstaff. Although KCFG was to be a full-service station, environmental restrictions at the transmitter site limited it to 1 kW ERP. The station went on-air December 20, 2000 and was licensed July 18, 2001. Immediately, KCFG applied to move their transmitter site to Mormon Mountain south of Flagstaff, intending to build both full 316 kW analog and 1000 kW digital facilities there. However, the construction permit wasn't granted until nearly two years later and the analog facilities went unbuilt.
KCFG had originally elected to remain on channel 32 after the DTV transition in February 2009, but has since applied to the Federal Communications Commission to move to digital channel VHF 9.
On November 6, 2012, the license assigned to KCFG was cancelled and the call letters were deleted, due to the station's signal being silent since September 6, 2011.
Children's programming commercials records.
The Federal Communications Commission proposed a $10,000 fine against KCFG in March 2006 because the station did not keep adequate records on commercial limits in children's TV programs. On 9 March 2007, the fine was reduced to $8,000 on the basis that the station had "a history of overall compliance with the Commission’s rules". The FCC eventually waived the fine on KCFG, but instead, KM was admonished "for its willful and repeated violation".

</doc>
<doc id="5930848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930848" title="Alfredo Ramos dos Santos">
Alfredo Ramos dos Santos

Alfredo Ramos dos Santos, best known as Alfredo (born January 1, 1920) was a Brazilian footballer in midfielder role. He was born in Rio de Janeiro.
During his career (1937–1956), he played for Vasco da Gama, except one year with Flamengo (1949). He won five Carioca Tournaments (1945, 1947, 1949, 1950 and 1952) and the South American Club Championship in 1948. For the Brazilian team he played at the 1950 FIFA World Cup, starting one match against Switzerland (2–2) on June 28, 1950 when he scored a goal in the third minute.

</doc>
<doc id="5930850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930850" title="Hong (Korean surname)">
Hong (Korean surname)

Hong is the common English spelling of 홍, in Korean and Chinese it means "wide" or "big".
Clans.
As with all Korean family names, the holders of the Hong surname are divided into different patrilineal clans, or lineages, based on their ancestral seat. Most such clans trace their lineage back to a specific founder. This system was at its height under the yangban aristocracy of the Joseon Dynasty, but it remains in use today. There are approximately 241 such clans claimed by South Koreans. 
Historically, there had been 10 clans known but currently there are four clans remained. Hong clan is composed including Namyang, Pungsan, Bugye and Hongju clan.
Namyang clan.
The biggest clan is Namyang clan whose founder was Hong Eun-yeol in Goryeo Dynasty. Another founder in this clan was Hong Seon-haeng. Thus, the Namyang Hong clan is unique among Korean surnames in that it includes two separate unrelated family lines. The former, named "Tang Hong" because it claims to have descended from the Chinese who took refuge in Korea following the fall of Tang Dynasty, consists of 80 percent of the clan. 
Pungsan clan.
All ancestry of Andong's Pungsan Hong may be traced to the Goryeo dynasty's Hong Ji-gyeong later known as a great master of Korean classical verse in the Joseon Dynasty. The Pungsan Hong were known as yangban among yangbans. Hong Jin was a direct descendant of Hong Ji-gyeong.
List.
Famous Koreans with this family name:

</doc>
<doc id="5930860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930860" title="Edward C. Pierce">
Edward C. Pierce

Edward Charles Pierce (3 January 1930 – 4 July 2002) was a politician and physician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Life and career.
Pierce was born in the town of Three Rivers, in St. Joseph County, Michigan. He moved with his family to Ann Arbor, Michigan, in 1940 at the age of ten and, after serving in the U.S. Air Force, studied at the University of Michigan, from which he earned a B.A. degree in 1955 and an M.D. degree in 1959.
Pierce served a two-year term on the Ann Arbor city council from 1964 to 1966. In spring 1967, Pierce made his first bid for the mayoralty of Ann Arbor, winning the Democratic nomination but losing the general election to incumbent Republican mayor Wendell E. Hulcher. In the late 1960s, Pierce also took part in activism against the Vietnam War.
Pierce ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. House of Representatives from Michigan's second district in 1974 and 1976, losing in the Democratic primary on his first attempt, and in the general election on his second attempt. He was elected to the Michigan State Senate from the state's eighteenth district in 1978, and held the seat through 1982. In the State Senate, Pierce served as chairman of the Health and Social Services Committee and as vice chairman of the Senate Administration and Rules Committee and the Education Committee.
In 1985, Pierce again ran for Ann Arbor mayor. He won the Democratic nomination by defeating University of Michigan professor Bunyan Bryant, a liberal activist who was bidding to become the city's second African-American mayor, and he subsequently beat out Republican candidate Richard A. Hadler in the general election. Pierce served one two-year term as mayor, from 1985 to 1987, but was defeated in the April 1987 mayoral election by Republican city councilman Gerald D. Jernigan.
In his medical career, Pierce ran an Ann Arbor family practice until his 1996 retirement, served at St. Joseph Mercy Hospital (Michigan) as chair of the Family Practice Department, and established a free medical clinic, the Summit Medical Center, which lasted from 1968 to 1978 and was intended to provide care regardless of patients' ability to pay. In 1996, Pierce co-founded the group Merian's Friends, which promoted the legalization of physician aid in dying for terminally ill patients, and served as its volunteer chairman. The group vigorously campaigned for a 1997 Michigan ballot initiative to legalize the practice, but voters rejected the measure by a considerable margin.
Pierce died in Ann Arbor in 2002 and is survived by three daughters, Lynne, Amy and Jan, and one son, Paul. Lynne Pierce, a lawyer in Wayne County, Michigan, was elected to the Third Judicial Circuit Court of Michigan in 2008. Jan Pierce White founded the Boys & Girls Club of Rohnert Park, California in 1991. She is a singer/songwriter and produces/hosts a program featuring songwriters for public television. When last heard from Amy and Paul both lived in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5930862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930862" title="Hong">
Hong

Hong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5930864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930864" title="Shannon Shakespeare">
Shannon Shakespeare

Shannon Shakespeare (born May 6, 1977 in Mission, British Columbia) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Canada, who competed for her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 in Atlanta, Georgia. There she finished in 17th position in the 200 m Freestyle. During the late 1990s Shakespeare was a key member in the Canadian Freestyle Relay Teams. She won a bronze medal in the 50m freestyle and 4x100m freestyle in the 1994 Commonwealth Games. She was the Canadian champion in the women's 50m freestyle in 1992, 1994, 1995 and 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5930879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930879" title="Aster Fissehatsion">
Aster Fissehatsion

Aster Fissehatsion (born 1951) is an Eritrean politician and an Amnesty International prisoner of conscience. She is the ex-wife of former Vice-President of Eritrea, Mahmoud Ahmed Sherifo.
She joined Eritrean People's Liberation Front (EPLF) in 1974 and became a leading figure in the struggle for independence in Eritrea. Following independence, she held the following positions: member of the Central Council of People's Front for Democracy and Justice (PFDJ); member of the National Assembly; Director of the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs; and Head of Personnel in the Anseba Zone. 
In 1996, Fissehatsion was dismissed from her job for criticising the increasingly authoritarian government, but was reinstated in 1999. In May 2001, she was one of 15 senior party officials, later known as the G-15, who published an open letter calling for "peaceful and democratic dialogue"; and calling on President Isaias Afewerki to adhere to correct parliamentary and governance procedures, hold internal party meetings, and keep the promises made by the PFDJ in respect of judicial reform. 
She was detained in September 2001 for being part of the G-15. She is reported to be suffering from a stomach ulcer.

</doc>
<doc id="5930881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930881" title="Edsbyns IF">
Edsbyns IF

Edsbyns IF, founded on 6 June 1909, is a sports club in Edsbyn in Ovanåker Municipality in Sweden. The bandy section of the club was founded as late as in 1925 and in 2000 the section was formally made a club of its own.
Edsbyns IF has played in the highest bandy league in Sweden from 1945–1969 and then again since 1971.
Edsbyns IF became Swedish bandy champions for men in 1952, 1953, 1962, 1978, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008.
They built the first indoor arena for bandy in Sweden and became champions the next season.
Squad.
"As of 4 January 2007:

</doc>
<doc id="5930883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930883" title="Yahoo! Graffiti">
Yahoo! Graffiti

Yahoo! Graffiti is a multiplayer game and a member of the Yahoo! Games network of online computer games. It is similar to Pictionary in that one player draws while other players guess what is being drawn.
Gameplay.
A game consists of 4 to 8 rounds, depending on the number of players. Each round, a player has two minutes to draw ten words. They may choose to draw or skip each word. The guesser and artist both score 50 points for a correct guess. There is no penalty for an incorrect guess. The artist may click good guesses, to signal to the guessers that they on the right track (the words turn green). When the artist's two minutes expire, his turn is over and the other players are shown the words the artist was unable to draw. You can also play a team game. The team game follows the same rules, but you can only guess the word when one of the players on your team is drawing. The points are awarded to all team members. A team can be made up of two to four members and teams aren't necessarily made evenly; you can make a three versus four game and a two versus three game.
When the final round is completed, the player or team with the highest score wins the game.

</doc>
<doc id="5930887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930887" title="Edward Pierce">
Edward Pierce

Edward Pierce (or Edward Pearse) (1630 or 1631–1694) was a Welsh Anglican priest and writer.
Life.
Pierce was born in Wales in 1630 or 1631 (the location and date is uncertain) and was educated at Jesus College, Oxford from 1650 to 1657 before his ordination in 1659. He ministered in various parishes in Northamptonshire (at St Sepulchre's, Northampton, 1660 to 1663; Duston, 1662 to 1663; All Saints, Aldwincle and Cottesbrooke, 1663 to 1694) under the patronage of a Northamptonshire landowner, Sir John Langham, who was from Cottesbrooke. Pierce died in the rectory of Cottesbrooke on 2 September 1694 and was buried in the chancel of the church. His eldest son, John, succeeded him as rector of Cottesbrooke.
Writings.
In 1675, Pierce described the fire of Northampton and continued to write thereafter, with anonymous works in the 1680s criticising persecution of dissenters such as "The Conformists Plea for the Nonconformists" (1681), which went through three editions. His viewpoint attracted criticism and some church leaders saw him as dangerous. In his ministry, he endeavoured to keep dissenters within the Church of England through his tolerance and his refusal to insist on following all the requirements of the rites of the Church. His last work, published in 1691, was a sermon preached to the prisoners sentenced to death at the Assizes in September 1690, entitled "Christ Alone our Life".

</doc>
<doc id="5930888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930888" title="Hamid Himid">
Hamid Himid

Hamid Himid (born c. 1955) is an Eritrean politician. Since the establishment of Eritrean independence, he has occupied the following positions: member of the Central Council of PFDJ from 1994 to 2001, member of the National Assembly, Head of the Middle East Department in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Administrator of the Senhit Province, Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, and Head of the Middle East and North Africa Department and of the Political Department in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He was arrested on September 18 (or 19) 2001 for being a member of the G-15 along with 11 other members, some suggest this was retaliation for publicly denouncing the practises of the Eritrean government, while others explain they engaged in a conspiracy to surrender to Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="5930891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930891" title="Germano Nati">
Germano Nati

Germano Nati (1946–2008) was an Eritrean politician. He joined EPLF in 1977 and, since independence, has held the following positions: member of the Central Council and Executive Committee of PFDJ, member of the National Assembly, Administrator of the Gash-Setit Province and Head of Social Affairs in the Southern Red Sea Region.
Mr. Nati died on March 17, 2008, in the prison cell of the PFDJ's regime of Isaias Afwerki.

</doc>
<doc id="5930897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930897" title="Diego Serrano">
Diego Serrano

Diego Serrano (born February 5, 1973) is an Ecuadorian-born American actor.
Early life.
Serrano was born in Quito, Ecuador, in February 1973.
Career.
He has appeared on "The Young and the Restless" as Diego Guittierez (2001–2002) and the long-running, defunct soap opera "Another World" as Tomas Rivera (1993–1997). In 2000, he starred alongside star Jennifer Love Hewitt on the Fox television series "Time of Your Life". He also appeared in the 2005 film "The Mostly Unfabulous Social Life of Ethan Green" playing Kyle Underhill, a professional baseball player who comes out as gay and authors an autobiography. Serrano played the role of Richard in the film "The Ode" (2008) based on the novel "Ode to Lata" by Ghalib Shiraz Dhalla. He also appeared as "Eddie Diaz" with Rosie Perez, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, and Tony Award winner Patti Lupone in Nancy Savoca's "The 24 Hour Woman".
Personal life.
He is in a long-term relationship with actress Cote de Pablo.

</doc>
<doc id="5930904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930904" title="Streamwatch">
Streamwatch

Streamwatch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5930918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930918" title="Edmondo Zacchini">
Edmondo Zacchini

Edmondo Zacchini (27 March 1894 - 3 October 1981) was a circus entertainer credited with inventing the human cannonball act as one of the Zacchini Brothers.
Early life.
Edmondo Zacchini was the oldest son of Ildebrando Zacchini, an Italian portrait artist and amateur gymnast, and brother of Hugo Zacchini. Ildebrando brought his family up in a traveling circus. The family eventually formed their own circus, and Edmondo became a gifted clown, as well as doing acrobatics. 
Pagnotta.
During World War I, when food was hard to come by, Edmondo was walking through town when he was recognized by a townsman. The man had enjoyed the act so much, that he gave Edmondo his pagnotta, a small loaf of bread that was, at the time, rationed by the bakery to one loaf per person. Others came up, and each gave him their bread in appreciation for the act. From then on, when the townspeople saw him, they would say "There goes Pagnotta". Edmondo adopted it as his stage name. With this name, he became the most famous clown in Italy in the 1920s.
Human Cannonball.
He developed his act first human cannonball act Cairo in 1922. This cannon was a crude spring-powered contraption that hurled him 20 feet. The result of his first attempt was a broken leg. He re-designed the device in a hospital in Cairo. Later successful versions used compressed air. 
Zacchini and his brother Vittorio were invited to the United States in 1930 by a circus promoter. The family, consisting of six brothers and two sisters, eventually settled in Florida, becoming citizens of the United States. 
Death.
Zacchini died in a hospital at the age of 87. He is buried in a mausoleum in the Showman's Rest Cemetery, Tampa, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="5930936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930936" title="Shabash Bangladesh">
Shabash Bangladesh

Shabash Bangladesh (Bravo Bangladesh) is one of the most renowned sculptures in Bangladesh. It is located at Rajshahi University premises. Shabash Bangladesh is another state of the art sculpture created to pay tribute to those killed in the Liberation War of Bangladesh.
Nitun Kundu is the sculptor of Shabash Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="5930940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930940" title="List of Hispanic Medal of Honor recipients">
List of Hispanic Medal of Honor recipients

The Medal of Honor was introduced during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented posthumously.
Sixty-one men of Hispanic heritage have been awarded the Medal of Honor. Of the Sixty-one Medals of Honor presented to Hispanics, two were presented to members of the United States Navy, thirteen to members of the United States Marine Corps and forty-six to members of the United States Army. Forty-two Medals of Honor were presented posthumously.
The first recipient was Corporal Joseph H. De Castro of the Union Army for his actions at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania on July 3, 1863, during the American Civil War and the most recent recipient is Sergeant First Class Leroy Petry for his actions in Afghanistan. Corporal De Castro was a member of the Massachusetts Infantry, a militia that was not part of the "regular" army; however, Private David Bennes Barkley was a member of the regular army during World War I and has been recognized as the Army's first Hispanic Medal of Honor recipient. In 1864, Seaman John Ortega became the first Hispanic member of the U.S. Navy to receive the Medal of Honor and in 1900, Private France Silva became the first person of Hispanic descent in the U.S. Marine Corps to receive the medal. 
President Barack Obama awarded the Medal of Honor to 17 Hispanics on a March 18, 2014 in a ceremony in the White House. The award comes through the National Defense Authorization Act which called for a review of Jewish American and Hispanic American veterans from WWII, the Korean War and the Vietnam War to ensure that no prejudice was shown to those deserving the Medal of Honor.
Fifteen recipients were born outside the United States mainland, one each in Chile and Spain, five in Mexico and eight in Puerto Rico. Seaman Philip Bazaar from Chile received the medal in January 1865 and Seaman John Ortega from Spain in December 1865. The first native Mexican recipient was Staff Sergeant Marcario Garcia and the first Puerto Rican was PFC Fernando Luis Garcia. 1st Lt. Rudolph B. Davila, of Hispanic-Filipino descent, was the only person of Filipino ancestry to receive the medal for his actions in the war in Europe during World War II. Private Joe P. Martinez was the first Hispanic-American recipient to be awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for combat heroism on American soil during the same conflict. 1st Lt. Baldomero Lopez, is the only Hispanic graduate of the United States Naval Academy recipient of the Medal of Honor. Captain Humbert Roque Versace was the first recipient of the Medal of Honor to be given to an Army POW for his actions during captivity in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War.
Terminology.
Hispanic is an ethnic term employed to categorize any citizen or resident of the United States, of any racial background, of any country, and of any religion, who has at least one ancestor from the people of Spain or is of non-Hispanic origin, but has an ancestor from Mexico, Puerto Rico, Cuba, Central or South America, or other Hispanic origin. The three largest Hispanic groups in the United States are the Mexican-Americans, Puerto Ricans and Cubans.
American Civil War.
Three Hispanic Americans earned the Medal of Honor during the American Civil War, two were sailors of the Union Navy and one was a soldier of the 19th Massachusetts Infantry.
Boxer rebellion.
During the Boxer rebellion only one Hispanic American received the Medal of Honor and that was France Silva who earned it for "distinguishing himself for meritorious conduct".
By military branch.
Note: The information in "Awards by branch of service Table" is based on the sourced information on the "List of Recipients Table".

</doc>
<doc id="5930949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5930949" title="Heinrich Herkner">
Heinrich Herkner

Heinrich Herkner (June 27, 1863 – May 27, 1932) was a German economist.
Herkner was born in Liberec (), Bohemia and died in Berlin, Germany.
Herkner taught as a professor at the universities of Freiburg (1890-1892), Karlsruhe (1892-1898), and Zürich (1898-1907), as well as the Technical University (1907-1913) and Frederick William University (1913-1932) of Berlin.
Herkner was originally a Marxist who later evolved towards realist views. Alexandra Kollontai went to Zürich to study under him, but found he had become a “revisionist” and spent much of her time at the university contesting his views.
He was a founding member of the German Society for Sociology and along with Max Weber, Ferdinand Tönnies and Georg Simmel on its first board.

</doc>
