<doc id="5928072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928072" title="Obsolete and nonstandard symbols in the International Phonetic Alphabet">
Obsolete and nonstandard symbols in the International Phonetic Alphabet

The International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) possesses a variety of obsolete and nonstandard symbols. Throughout the history of the IPA, characters representing phonetic values have been modified or completely replaced. An example is for standard . Several symbols indicating secondary articulation have been dropped altogether, with the idea that such things should be indicated with diacritics: for is one. In addition, the rare voiceless implosive series has been dropped.
Other characters have been added in for specific phonemes which do not possess a specific symbol in the IPA. Those studying modern Chinese phonology have used to represent , a vowel which represents the "i" in "hanzi" (see Pinyin).
There are also unsupported symbols from local traditions that find their way into publications that otherwise use the standard IPA. This is especially common with affricates such as , and many Americanist symbols.
While the IPA does not itself have a set of capital letters (the ones that look like capitals are actually small capitals), many languages have adopted symbols from the IPA as part of their orthographies, and in such cases they have invented capital variants of these. This is especially common in Africa. An example is Kabiyé of northern Togo, which has (capital ). Other pseudo-IPA capitals supported by Unicode are . (See Case variants of IPA letters.)
Capital letters are also used as cover symbols in phonotactic descriptions: C=Consonant, V=Vowel, etc.
This list does not include commonplace extensions of the IPA, such as doubling a symbol for a greater degree of a feature ( extra-long , extra stress, strongly aspirated , and extra-rhotic ), nor superscripting for a lesser degree of a feature ( slightly prenasalized , slightly affricated , and epenthetic schwa). The asterisk, as in for the fortis stop of Korean, is the convention the IPA uses when it has no symbol for a phone or feature.
For symbols and values which were discarded by 1932, see History of the International Phonetic Alphabet.
The table below shows official IPA symbols not used in the original definition of IPA.

</doc>
<doc id="5928075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928075" title="John Druce">
John Druce

John W. Druce (born February 23, 1966) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Washington Capitals, Winnipeg Jets, Los Angeles Kings and Philadelphia Flyers
Playing career.
In Druce's first year of Junior eligibility, he played for the Peterborough Petes B squad. He made the Petes the next season and scored 12 goals in 54 games. Druce was on a checking line with future Capital teammate Rob Murray.
Drafted in 1985 by the Washington Capitals in the second round (40th overall), Druce had a couple of modest seasons before scoring 32 goals for the Binghamton Whalers of the AHL in 1987-88 season. He would not make the Capitals roster until the 1988–89 NHL season, where he was usually a fourth-line defensive specialist. 
During the 1989–90 NHL season, his regular season statistics would continue to be unspectacular (8 goals in 45 games), but during the playoffs he exploded for 14 goals and helped guide the Capitals to their first semifinals appearance. 
In the division semifinals versus the New Jersey Devils, Druce scored three goals in the six game series won by Washington, including two game winners. In the division finals versus the New York Rangers, Druce provided a shocking amount of offensive output. In game two of the series, Druce scored a hat trick, his first since midget hockey. Game three saw Druce tally two more goals and two assists. The Capitals needed this offensive production since their top scorer Dino Ciccarelli was injured. 
Druce scored two goals in game four to lead the Capitals to a three games to one lead. In overtime of game five, Druce fended off a check by Ron Greschner and deflected Geoff Courtnall's shot over goalie John Vanbiesbrouck for a 2-1 series winning victory. 
Capitals general manager David Poile said, "John Druce was not on the top of my list—anybody's list—to come through the way he did. He came out of nowhere to be the hero." Poile added, "He was not a top player in junior, not a top player in the minors. This is not only a good story today, but a good story for years to come." 
At the time, Druce's total of nine goals in a playoff series put him in a five-way tie for third on the alltime list for goals scored in a playoff series, behind Jari Kurri (with 12, for the Edmonton Oilers in 1985) and Tim Kerr (with 10, for the Philadelphia Flyers in 1989). 
Druce was unable to recapture that playoff magic by the time he was traded to the Winnipeg Jets in 1992. He would also play for the Los Angeles Kings and Philadelphia Flyers, and he would appear in the 1997 Stanley Cup finals with the Flyers team that took on the Detroit Red Wings. He would play two seasons in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga before retiring from active play.
In 531 NHL games, Druce scored 113 goals and 126 assists.
Post-retirement.
After playing, Druce became a junior hockey analyst on Rogers Sportsnet. In 2004, his daughter, Courtney, was diagnosed with leukemia. She relapsed with the disease twice but has been in remission since 2008. Druce was then inspired to join a cycling team to raise money for pediatric cancer research. In 2010, Druce was made and honorary constable of the Peterborough Lakefield Community Police Service, for his contributions to the Pedal For Hope in helping them surpass $1M. He currently works for Freedom 55 Financial in Peterborough. Druce also raises money for charity through his rock band Mudfilter, along with local artist Tim Grosjean.
Each year when the playoffs begin, Druce receives media inquiries due to his performance with the Capitals. He says:
Originally I was very proud of what happened there, but I played 14 years of professional hockey, so I thought, 'Jeez, I did more than that.' I've come to realize that's kind of my calling card. I'm very proud of it, and this time of year comes around and it's nice.

</doc>
<doc id="5928078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928078" title="Amboy, West Virginia">
Amboy, West Virginia

Amboy is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="5928079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928079" title="Oscar Moro">
Oscar Moro

Oscar Moro (January 24, 1948 — July 11, 2006) was an Argentine rock drummer.
Oscar Moro was born and raised in Rosario. Moro joined a childhood friend, Litto Nebbia, and three others in forming the pioneer Argentine rock and roll band Los Gatos, in 1966. The group became known for their all-night performances, and composed most of their own songs, many in the well-known neighborhood café, "La Perla del Once" (facing Plaza Miserere). One such composition, "La balsa" ("The Raft"), was written at that location by Nebbia and the ill-fated songwriter Tanguito on May 2, 1967, and following its release on the RCA Victor label on July 3, sold over 250,000 copies. They were the first Argentine rock group to achieve renown outside their country, and their first albums became known as the birth of Argentine rock.
Los Gatos split in 1970, however. Moro then joined ex-Almendra guitarist Edelmiro Molinari in Color Humano, and in 1976, joined Charly García (keyboard and vocals) in two bands: La Máquina de Hacer Pájaros, and, starting in 1978, Serú Girán, the most popular Argentine rock band of their era. Following Serú Girán dissolution in 1982, he played professionally with León Gieco and others, exploring African rhythms with bassist 'Beto' Satragni in a 1982 crossover album.
Moro joined Alejandro Lerner in 1984 and Pappo's metal band, Riff, in 1985. His last band was called Revólver; Moro was already in bad health due to an ulcer aggravated by alcoholism. The noted drummer died in his Palermo neighborhood home in 2006 at age 58.

</doc>
<doc id="5928084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928084" title="Dan Kloeffler">
Dan Kloeffler

Daniel L. "Dan" Kloeffler (born January 1, 1976) is an American television journalist. Since 2010, he is an anchor of ABC News Now, a cable-news channel of the ABC broadcasting network.
Early life.
Kloeffler graduated from Algonac High School in Algonac, Michigan, in 1994. He graduated from the University of New Hampshire in Durham, New Hampshire, in 1999.
Career.
He worked at WSTM-TVan NBC-affiliated television station in Syracuse, New Yorkprior to joining MSNBC, a cable-news channel. While at MSNBC, he anchored overnight "MSNBC Now" news updates as well as MSNBC's "First Look" and broadcast network NBC's "Early Today", both early-morning news programs; Kloeffler left MSNBC in 2009.
In 2010, he became a freelance anchor and correspondent for ABC News, where he anchors on its ABC News Now channel.
Personal life.
In response to the news that actor Zachary Quinto had come out as gay, Kloeffler publicly came out on the air in October 2011. In a statement on the ABC News website, he wrote that a series of suicides by gay youth also led him to hope his being publicly out would help encourage young gay people struggling to accept themselves.
He lives in New York City, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="5928088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928088" title="Mere lapsed">
Mere lapsed

"Mere lapsed" ("Children of the sea") was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998, performed in Estonian by Koit Toome.
The song was performed twenty-third on the night, following Norway's Lars Fredriksen with "Alltid sommer" and preceding Turkey's Tüzmen with "Unutamazsın". At the close of voting, it had received 36 points, placing 12th in a field of 25.
The song is a piano ballad, with Toome singing about going on a sea voyage with his lover. The voyage also serves as a metaphor for the pair striking out on their own to start a new life.
On the Eurovision stage, Koit Toome was accompanied by Mikko Maltis (guitar, backing vocal), Ain Varts (guitar) and Jüri Mazurtšak (drums). 
"Mere lapsed" had in fact won the ticket to Birmingham only by a hair. Earlier in 1998, during the entire voting sequence at the Estonian national final for Eurovision, Evelin Samuel had been in the anything but surprising lead with her song "Unistus igavesest päevast". The very last juror from Switzerland, however, turned the tables in favour of Koit Toome and made Evelin Samuel a dramatic runner up.
"Mere lapsed" was then succeeded as Estonian representative at the 1999 Contest by Evelin Samuel & Camille with "Diamond of Night".

</doc>
<doc id="5928100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928100" title="École secondaire publique De La Salle">
École secondaire publique De La Salle

École secondaire publique De La Salle is a French public junior high and high school in downtown Ottawa, Ontario (Grade 7 to Grade 12) under the CÉPEO (Conseil des Écoles Publiques de l'Est de l'Ontario). 
It is recognized mainly for its artistic excellence program: the Centre d'Excellence Artistique.
History.
École secondaire publique De La Salle opened in the fall of 1971 with students from Mont St-Joseph convent, Rideau Street convent and Académie De La Salle. Just like Académie De La Salle, École secondaire publique De La Salle was named after Saint Jean-Baptiste de la Salle.
In 1982, a study committee recommended the creation of an enrichment centre in Ottawa for gifted students. The committee also recommended that this centre be created and integrated at École secondaire publique De La Salle.
In 1983, De La Salle opened le Centre de Douance (a program for gifted students) and le Centre d'Excellence Artistique (a program geared towards artistic achievers). De La Salle became the first school in Ontario to offers those programs in French.
In 2003, De La Salle opened its doors to Grades 7-8. Most of the second floor of the school is exclusively for Grades 7-8, except for one hallway which is reserved for the music concentration and the auditorium, whose main access point is on the second floor.
Centre d'excellence artistique.
The Centre d'excellence artistique includes 8 concentrations related to arts from Grade 9 to Grade 12, and a pre-concentration program in Grade 7 & 8 to prepare students for the arts concentrations. The concentrations are :
The Centre d'excellence artistique's concentration programs have received numerous awards and won many competitions. Most recently, the Vocal Music Senior classes won the first place at the 16th National Vocal Music Contest of CBC/Radio-Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5928103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928103" title="Hampton VA National Cemetery">
Hampton VA National Cemetery

Hampton Veterans Affairs National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located the city of Hampton, Virginia. It encompasses only 0.3 of an acre, and as of the end of 2005, had just 22 interments. It is currently closed to new interments.
History.
The Hampton VA National Cemetery is the smallest cemetery overseen by the Department of Veterans Affairs. It is located near the Hampton Veterans Affairs Medical Center and was established in 1898 on the grounds of the Southern Branch of the National Home for Volunteer Soldiers and Sailors during a strict quarantine for a yellow fever epidemic. Every man who died during the quarantine was buried on site, because no one was allowed to enter or leave the station. All 22 burials took place between July 30 and August 15, 1899. Administration of the cemetery was transferred from the Army to the Department of Veterans Affairs in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="5928105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928105" title="John Boles (actor)">
John Boles (actor)

John Love Boles (October 28, 1895 – February 27, 1969) was an American actor.
Early life.
Boles was born in Texas, into a middle-class family. He graduated with honors from the University of Texas in 1917 and married Marcelite Dobbs in that same year. His parents wanted him to be a doctor and Boles studied and finally got his B.A. degree, but the stage called. During World War I, he was a US spy in Germany, Bulgaria, and Turkey.
Career.
He started out in Hollywood in the silent movies, but became a huge star with the advent of talkies. After the war, Boles moved to New York to study music. He quickly became well known for his talents and was selected to replace the leading man in the 1923 Broadway musical "Little Jesse James". He became an established star on Broadway and attracted the attention of Hollywood producers and actors.
He was hired by MGM to appear in a silent film in 1924. He starred in two more films for that studio before returning to New York and the stage. In 1927, he returned to Hollywood to star in "The Love of Sunya" (1927) opposite Gloria Swanson, which was a huge success for him. Unfortunately, because the movies were still silent he was unable to show off his singing ability until late in the decade. In 1929, the Warner Brothers hired him to star in their lavish musical operetta "The Desert Song" (1929). This film featured sequences in Technicolor and was a box-office success. Soon after, Radio Pictures (later known as RKO) selected him to play the leading man in their extravagant production (the last portion of the film was photographed in Technicolor) of "Rio Rita", opposite Bebe Daniels. Audiences were enthralled by his beautiful voice, and John Boles suddenly found himself in huge demand. RCA Victor even hired him to make phonograph records of songs that he had sung in his films.
As soon as "Rio Rita" was completed, Boles went back to Warner Brothers as the leading man in an even more extravagant musical entitled "Song of the West" (1930) that was filmed entirely in Technicolor. Shortly after this film, Universal Pictures offered John Boles a contract, which he accepted. He starred in a number of pictures for them, most notably the all-Technicolor musical revue entitled "The King of Jazz" (1930) and a historical operetta entitled "Captain of the Guard" (1930). In 1931, he starred in "One Heavenly Night" (1931), which would prove to be his last major musical.
His best-known role today remains his portrayal of Victor Moritz in the original Universal version of "Frankenstein" (1931). He starred with Irene Dunne in a 1934 film adaptation of Edith Wharton's 1920 novel "The Age of Innocence" directed for RKO Radio Pictures by Philip Moeller. He also took the role of Edward Morgan in the Fox film "Curly Top" (1935) with Shirley Temple. In 1937, Boles starred alongside Barbara Stanwyck in the King Vidor classic "Stella Dallas". In 1943, he co-starred with Mary Martin and Kenny Baker in "One Touch of Venus".
Boles retired from the screen and stage in 1952.
He died in 1969, survived by his wife and two daughters.
Filmography.
Features:
Short Subjects:

</doc>
<doc id="5928108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928108" title="Jakuren">
Jakuren


</doc>
<doc id="5928133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928133" title="Frederick Branch (Baltimore and Ohio Railroad)">
Frederick Branch (Baltimore and Ohio Railroad)

The Frederick Branch is a railroad line in Frederick County, Maryland. It was built by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) in 1831, and today is owned by the Maryland Department of Transportation (MDOT). The branch runs from Frederick Junction on the west side of the Monocacy River, where it connects with the Old Main Line Subdivision of CSX Transportation, to its terminus at South Street in downtown Frederick, Maryland. The wye at Frederick Junction is a track arrangement that allows trains to turn around. It was the first of its kind in the United States, and is still in use today.
History.
The branch officially was opened in December 1831 with a ceremonial train (pulled by horses) carrying directors of the B&O and various politicians arriving from Baltimore. In planning the route of the Old Main Line, the B&O decided against building the main line directly through Frederick, preferring instead to take advantage of a valley grade to the south of the city. The city's first train station, built in 1832 at South Carroll Street, was the second oldest permanent station in the B&O system, and was used mainly for freight. A new passenger depot was built in 1854 at East All Saints and Market Streets, and the old station continued as a freight station until c. 1910. A station at Frederick Junction was opened after the Civil War and operated through the World War II era.
The branch first provided a rapid means for the many mills in the city to ship flour to Baltimore for sale. Over the years outbound freight traffic diversified to include milk, bricks, limestone and some manufactured goods from Frederick. The branch connected with two other railroads within Frederick. The Pennsylvania Railroad connected near East Street and South Street in downtown Frederick and the Hagerstown and Frederick Railway connected near the small B&O rail yard and terminal along South Street in downtown Frederick. 
During the Great Depression of the 1930s, traffic on the Frederick Branch decreased. In 1933, the B&O began using gas-electric rail cars to operate its commuter trains between Frederick and Baltimore. Passenger service lasted until November 1949 and the branch gradually fell into disuse as local business customers switched to trucks to ship their products.
In 1987 the B&O assets, including the Frederick Branch, were acquired by CSX. As of 2012 the only remaining freight customer on the branch was Willard Agri Services of Frederick, located on Wisner Street.
MARC commuter service.
In December 2001 passenger traffic returned to Frederick in the form of MARC commuter trains. The Maryland Transit Administration funded upgrades to the Frederick Branch and to a portion of the Old Main Line that ran from Frederick Junction to Point of Rocks, Maryland. MDOT purchased the Frederick Branch from CSX and realigned the wye track at Frederick Junction. A small yard was also constructed along Reichs Ford Road with capacity for three entire train sets. Two new stations were constructed to handle passengers, one in downtown Frederick near the original branch terminus at South Street and another located behind a shopping center near Frederick Junction called Monocacy Station.

</doc>
<doc id="5928155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928155" title="Live It Up (Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash album)">
Live It Up (Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash album)

Live It Up is the tenth album by Crosby, Stills & Nash, released on Atlantic Records in 1990. It peaked at #57 on the Billboard 200, the first of their studio albums not to gain either a gold or platinum certification by the RIAA. It was issued in all formats at the time - compact disc, cassette tape, and vinyl record. It is currently out of print, but available for steaming on Spotify.
Background.
It started life as a Crosby & Nash record, the label insisting on the inclusion of Stills just as it had insisted on the inclusion of Crosby on "Daylight Again" which had commenced as a Stills-Nash project. The album has the fewest songwriting credits to members of the principal trio of any album in their catalogue. It was not well received by either the critics or the public.
Recording.
The album was recorded at numerous recording studios in Los Angeles. The majority was recorded at The Record Plant, although part of "Live It Up" began at the Home-Brew Studio in Ohio and was finished at the professional location. "If Anybody Had A Heart," "Arrows," and "After the Dolphin" were recorded at Devonshire Studios, while "(Got to Keep) Open" was recorded at Capitol Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="5928176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928176" title="Fourth Avenue">
Fourth Avenue

Fourth Avenue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5928186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928186" title="Yemenia destinations">
Yemenia destinations

As of June 2013 Yemenia offers scheduled passenger flights to the following destinations:

</doc>
<doc id="5928190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928190" title="Shunzei's Daughter">
Shunzei's Daughter

, 1171? – 1252?, was a Japanese poet; she was probably the greatest female poet of her day, ranked with Princess Shikishi. Her father was the noted poet Fujiwara no Shunzei, and her even more famous brother, Fujiwara no Teika, thought enough of her talents to seek her out for advice and criticism after Shunzei died, although she did not hesitate to castigate him when he completed the "Shinchokusen Wakashū", for Teika had turned against his former ideal poetic style of "yoen" (ethereal beauty) while Shunzei's Daughter had not- thus she found Teika's previous efforts to be markedly inferior, and even according to Donald Keene, "declared that if it had not been compiled by Teika she would have refused even to take it into her hands." (in a letter sent to Fujiwara no Tameie, Teika's son). She and others also criticized it for apparently deliberately excluding any of the objectively excellent poems produced by the three Retired Emperors exiled in the aftermath of the Jōkyū War. Personal pique may also have played a role, since she saw 29 of her poems selected for the "Shinkokinshū" while only nine were chosen for the "Shin Chokusenshū".

</doc>
<doc id="5928194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928194" title="Eriauchenius gracilicollis">
Eriauchenius gracilicollis

Eriauchenius gracilicollis is an assassin spider. It is merely 2mm long and catches other spiders with venomous fangs at the end of its hugely elongated jaws (chelicerae).
These animals normally run upside down.
Etymology.
From Latin "gracilis" "slender" and "collum" "neck".
Distribution.
This species is endemic to Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="5928196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928196" title="Ninth Avenue">
Ninth Avenue

Ninth Avenue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5928198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928198" title="Diamond of Night">
Diamond of Night

"Diamond of Night" was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, performed in English (the first time Estonia had not sung in Estonian, although a version was recorded in that language) by singer Evelin Samuel and violinist Imbi Rätsep as "Camille". The Estonian version was titled "Langevate tähtede aeg" ("Time of shooting stars"), lyrics written by Kaari Sillamaa.
The song was performed twenty-third on the night, following Bosnia and Herzegovina's Dino and Béatrice with "Putnici". At the close of voting, it had received 90 points, placing 6th in a field of 23.
The song is folk-inspired and is an ode to the moon, with Samuel asking it to guide her steps.
With Evelin and Camille, there were a harpist Saale Kivimaker on stage, as well as two backing vocalists, Maian-Anna Kärmas and Anneli Tõevere, the previous also a lyricist of that song.
Maian-Anna Kärmas has described the birth of the English lyrics greatly in relation to the experience in 1998 when Evelin Samuel very narrowly lost a pass to Eurovision Song Contest. For entirely believing in Evelin Samuel, and the song written especially for the occasion, she then wrote a meaningful line "now I can say it is my time" to end end of the chorus. 
It was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 2000 contest by Ines with "Once In A Lifetime".

</doc>
<doc id="5928206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928206" title="My American Cousin">
My American Cousin

My American Cousin is a Canadian drama film, released in 1985. Written and directed by Sandy Wilson based on her own childhood, the film stars Margaret Langrick as Sandy Wilcox, a pre-teen girl growing up on a ranch in rural Penticton, British Columbia in the late 1950s. Sandy's longing to be treated as an adult is roused even further when her older American cousin Butch Walker (John Wildman) comes for a visit. The cast also includes Richard Donat, Jane Mortifee, Babz Chula and Camille Henderson.
A 2006 On Screen! documentary about the film featured interviews with director Sandy Wilson and leading actress Margaret Langrick.
The sequel to this film "American Boyfriends" was released in 1989.
Awards.
"My American Cousin" won six awards at the 7th Genie Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director (Wilson), Best Original Screenplay (Wilson), Best Actor (Wildman), Best Actress (Langrick) and Best Film Editing (Haida Paul).
The film was also nominated for Best Supporting Actor (Donat), Best Sound, Best Sound Editing, Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design, but did not win those awards.

</doc>
<doc id="5928207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928207" title="Tenth Avenue (disambiguation)">
Tenth Avenue (disambiguation)

Tenth Avenue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5928211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928211" title="Gergely Gyertyános">
Gergely Gyertyános

Gergely Gyertyános is a Hungarian sprint canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s. He won a complete set of medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold in 2005 (K-4 200 m), a silver in 2006 (K-4 200 m), and a bronze in 2007 (K-1 200 m).
In recent years, he has been working as the coach of the national kayak team of Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="5928240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928240" title="Mossman">
Mossman

Mossman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5928241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928241" title="After the Storm (Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash album)">
After the Storm (Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash album)

After The Storm is the thirteenth album by Crosby, Stills & Nash, released on Atlantic Records in 1994. It would be their last release on Atlantic, excepting reissues, for almost two decades. It peaked at #98 on the Billboard 200, the lowest charting position of their eight studio albums. It is currently out of print.
Background.
Wishing to have an album in stores in time for the 25th anniversary of their 1969 debut album, the trio commenced recording in February of 1994. Unlike the group's previous album from 1990, except for one cover of a Beatles song all the compositions are by the principals. Like the previous album, "After the Storm" was not well-received by either the critics or the public.
Recording.
The album was recorded at studios in the Los Angeles area. "Only Waiting For You," "Camera," "It Won't Go Away," "In My Life," "Bad Boyz," "After The Storm," and "Panama" were recorded at O'Henry Sound Studios in Burbank, California. "Unequal Love," "Till It Shines," and "These Empty Days" were recorded at Jackson Browne's Groove Masters in Santa Monica, California. "Find A Dream" and "Street To Lean On" were recorded at Ocean Way Studios in Hollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="5928245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928245" title="Mark Muise">
Mark Muise

Mark Muise (born 11 October 1957 in Mayflower, Nova Scotia) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1997 to 2000. He represented the electoral district of West Nova for the Progressive Conservative Party. He is an insurance agent by career.
Muise was defeated in the 2000 election by Liberal candidate Robert Thibault.

</doc>
<doc id="5928250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928250" title="Arthur Paget">
Arthur Paget

Arthur Paget may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5928273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928273" title="Once in a Lifetime (Ines song)">
Once in a Lifetime (Ines song)

"Once in a Lifetime" was the Estonian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000, performed in English by Ines. It is an up-tempo number, with Ines singing about her need to take life by the horns as she is only seventeen once (she was in fact 18 at the time). 
The song was performed fourth on the night (following the United Kingdom's Nicki French with "Don't Play That Song Again" and preceding France's Sofia Mestari with "On aura le ciel"). At the close of voting, it had received 98 points, placing 4th in a field of 24.
Prior the contest in Stockholm, Ines was a clear favourite and was predected to win hands down by numerous polls and votings.
Ines was supported on stage by 5 backing vocalists, Kaire Vilgats, Maiken, Jelena Juzvik, Pearu Paulus (one of the composers) and Tanel Padar, her boyfriend at the time.
It was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 2001 Contest by Tanel Padar and Dave Benton with "Everybody".

</doc>
<doc id="5928278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928278" title="Charles Hargens">
Charles Hargens

Charles W. Hargens, Jr. (1894−1997) was an American painter. He created over 3000 covers for magazines such as "The Saturday Evening Post", "Collier's", "Country Gentleman", "Farm Journal", "Boys' Life", "The Open Road for Boys", along with advertisements for companies such as Coca-Cola and covers for over 300 books, including the Zane Grey Western novels of the 1930s and 1940s. 
He worked for over 80 years and died at 103 years of age.
Early life.
Hargens was born in Hot Springs, South Dakota, the son of a country doctor. When he was 6 years old he was making charcoal drawings of houses and barns. People took notice of his work and started paying him for his pieces; if they could tell what he was drawing they would pay him 25 cents for it. 
When he was eight years old his parents separated. He was 10 when he moved with his mother back to Omaha and Council Bluffs area. He would spend the summers with his father in Hot Springs and traveling with him to Chicago where he would spend his days at the Art Institute while his father conducted business. Back in Council Bluffs during the winter months, he began to take art classes in high school and worked in the studio of a portrait painter. As a teenager he belonged to a group led by Ernest Thompson Seton that was a forerunner to the Boy Scouts program.
Later life and work.
Hargens studied art at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. When he first arrived the first instructor he met was Daniel Garber. Barber recognized the talent Hargens showed. He invited Hargens, as was his custom with students, to come to his home in Lumberville to paint with him on the weekends. 
Charles Hargens was the recipient of the Cresson Scholoarship to study in Paris. While in Paris he enrolled in the Carolossi and Julian Academy. He traveled Europe visiting the great museums.
After he returned to the United States he settled in Philadelphia and his career started to take off. Artists and publishers would specifically request him because of his attention to detail. He worked on book jackets, magazine illustrations and advertisements for the likes of Stetson Hat Company and Coca-Cola. Some of the magazines that he did illustrations for were "The Saturday Evening Post", "Collier's", "McClure's", "Liberty" , "Gentleman's Quarterly", "Boys Life". In addition he designed posters for 10 years for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. He distinguished himself with his western illustrations that painstakingly detailed life in the west. He was a stickler for accuracy and detail in his painting and drawing. His studio is filled with volumes of books he used to research his subjects and reference photos he took in order to get the level of detail and accuracy he desired in his work. 
In 1917 he married Marjorie Garman, a fashion illustrator for ladies magazines. They had a son, Charles William Hargens, III.In 1940 they moved to Carversville, Solebury Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. They would commute to Philadelphia each day to their respective studios. Each summer the Hargens family traveled back to South Dakota where he painted and photographed the "west" as he saw it. After a few years Charles Hargens set up his studio in Carversville and stopped the daily commute. 
In 1941 he donated some of the first pieces of art to the Friends of the Middle Border, Inc. who later became the Dakota Discovery Museum. Some of the pieces he donated were "Snowy Evening at Buffalo Gap", "The Woodcutters", and "The Plowman". When he died in 1997 his family honored his wish that his Carversville art studio, and many of his Western works, be donated to the Dakota Discovery Museum where it can be seen today.
His signature changed throughout his career which can be see at The Dakota Discovery Museum in Mitchell, South Dakota with one of his more memorable form of his signature containing a highly styalized g. 
He was recruited in 1947 to act as scoutmaster to Troop 64, a scout troop in Carversville, which he participated in until 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="5928324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928324" title="Mahdi Puya">
Mahdi Puya

Ayatullah Agha Hajji Mirza Mahdi Puya Yazdi (1899 (1317 A.H., also spelled as 'Pooya') – 1973 (1393 A.H.)) was a Twelver Shia Muslim and an Islamic scholar, most notable for his famous tafsir of the Qur'an. The son of the scholar Agha Mirza Muhammad Hasan of Yazd, Iran, Ayatullah Puya studied under his father as well as the eminent religious authority Agha Mirza Muhammad Husain al-Na'ini, who helped him to develop his interpretive specialization in the Qur'an. Unsettled political conditions in Iran and Iraq helped to persuade Ayatullah Puya to migrate from al-Najaf to India in 1343/1925. He settled down in Madras and Bangalore, where he gained the chance to study modern western thought directly in English, so that he became equipped to evaluate the diverse intellectual trends of both east and west. In Madras also he encountered Mir Ahmad Ali, who produced the first substantial Shi`i commentary on the Qur'an in English and who incorporated Ayatullah Puya's illuminating philosophical notes on the verses of the Qur'an into his work. Ayatullah Puya later moved to Pakistan, where he died in Karachi on 17 July 1973. He left two sons, Agha Murtaza Pooya and Agha Mirza Ali Pooya.
Works.
His complete exegesis (tafsir) can be accessed by Al-Quran project. An abrogated version of his can be accessed through Ahlul Bayt DILP at their quranic website.

</doc>
<doc id="5928327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928327" title="CP-16">
CP-16

The CP-16, CP-16A, CP-16R, CP-16R/A and CP-16R/DS cameras are 16mm motion picture cameras manufactured by the Cinema Products Corporation of Hollywood California. A range of cameras of Auricon ancestry. They were primarily intended for television news filming and were quite popular with local and national news agencies before the advent of portable videotape Electronic News Gathering, (ENG) formats, as well as documentary and drama production.
They featured a compact magnesium alloy body, a crystal locked drive system, interchangeable lenses, and a magnetic audio system with a built in mixer that recorded onto special pre-striped (and now discontinued) 16mm single perf magnetic sound film. It accepted both Mitchell and Cinema Products 400 foot film magazines.
The CP-16 series used a special 12-120mm Angenieux zoom lens with a prismatic viewfinder. The CP-16R series used a spinning mirror shutter.
CP-16: non-reflex 180° shutter,'C' lens mount, SPEMAG or COMMAG.
CP-16/A: as above but with integral automatic COMMAG amplifier.
CP-16R: 156° shutter reflex, CP (miniature BNCR) lens mount, SEPMAG
or COMMAG with amplifier separate from camera. Later type has
170° focal plane shutter plus mirror reflex.
CP-16R/A: as CP-16R but with integral COMMAG amplifier.
CP-16R/ADS: as CP-16R but for SEPMAG (double system) sound only.
CP 16s are still often used in small productions and in film schools. Many of these cameras were donated or sold off when news crews adopted videotape.

</doc>
<doc id="5928328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928328" title="Can Yücel">
Can Yücel

Can Yücel (1926, İstanbul - August 16, 1999 Datça) was a Turkish poet noted for his use of colloquial language.
Biography.
Can Yücel was the son of a former Minister of National Education, Hasan Ali Yücel who left his mark on the history of education in Turkey, and a grandchild of an Ottoman sea captain who perished with the frigate "Ertuğrul". He studied Latin and Ancient Greek at Ankara University and Cambridge. He later worked as a translator at several embassies and in the Turkish language section of the BBC in London. After his return to Turkey in 1958, he briefly worked as a tourist guide in Bodrum and Marmaris, and then lived in Istanbul where he worked as a freelance translator and started writing poetry. 
In his later years, he settled in the remote peninsular town of Datça in southwestern Turkey where he died of throat cancer. His tomb is much visited. He had two daughters, Güzel and Su, and a son, Hasan, from his marriage to Güler Yücel.
Literary style.
Can Yücel was known for using slang and vulgar language in his poems. However, even his critics agreed that his skill in using words in a simple and understandable way is worthy of praise and appreciation. The main themes and inspirational sources in his poems are nature, people, events, concepts, excitements, perceptions, and emotions. His family was of utmost importance to him and his loved ones are mentioned in many of his poems, such as "To my Little Daughter Su," "To Güzel," and "I Loved My Father the Most in Life."
Yücel also translated the works of Shakespeare, Lorca and Brecht into Turkish and his creative rendering of these authors are classics in their own right in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="5928338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928338" title="Gaétan Duchesne">
Gaétan Duchesne

Gaétan Duchesne (July 11, 1962 – April 16, 2007) was a professional Canadian ice hockey player. Born in Quebec City, Quebec, Duchesne was drafted in 1981 by the Washington Capitals. He played six seasons with the Capitals before being dealt to the Quebec Nordiques in the trade that sent Dale Hunter to the Capitals. He also played for the Minnesota North Stars, helping to guide them to their improbable appearance in the 1991 finals.
He later play for the San Jose Sharks and Florida Panthers. In 1,028 NHL games, he scored 179 goals and 254 assists.
He died of a heart attack at only 44 in his native Quebec City.
His son, Jeremy Duchesne, is/was a goaltending prospect for the Philadelphia Flyers. During the 2007/08 season, he played in the ECHL for the Dayton Bombers.[http://echl.leaguestat.com/stats/player.php?id=1513]
Starting in 2008, the Capitals have awarded the Gaetan Duchesne Trophy to the best intra-squad team in training camp scrimmages.

</doc>
<doc id="5928340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928340" title="Roseline Vachetta">
Roseline Vachetta

Roseline Vachetta (born 12 December 1951, in Le Mans) is a French Trotskyist politician.
She became a member of the Revolutionary Communist League (LCR) and in 1999 was elected to the European Parliament. She lost her seat in 2004, but remains one of the LCR's three spokespersons.

</doc>
<doc id="5928342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928342" title="Holy Quran (puya)">
Holy Quran (puya)

"The Holy Quran" is the name of a well known Shi'a twelver tafsir, translated by Sayed Mir Ahmed Ali with a comprehensive Introduction and extensive commentary by Ayatullah Mirza Mahdi PuyaYazdi.
The work is one of the tafsirs offered at al-Islam.org 
Editions.
Several Editions are out.
The first edition was printed in Pakistan.
One edition is printed in Iran.
Another is printed by Tahrike Tarsile Qur'an of New York. Fifth US Edition came out in 2005
This translation and commentary should NOT be confused with the entirely separate translation of the Quran by the novelist Ahmad Ali.

</doc>
<doc id="5928343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928343" title="Mark McNamara">
Mark McNamara

Mark McNamara (born June 8, 1959), is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 1st round (22nd overall) of the 1982 NBA Draft. 
A 6'11" forward-center from the University of California, McNamara played in 8 NBA seasons from 1982–85 and from 1986-1991. He played for the 76ers, San Antonio Spurs, Kansas City Kings, Los Angeles Lakers and Orlando Magic. 
McNamara's best year as a professional came during the 1983-84 season as a member of the Spurs, appearing in 70 games and averaging 5.5 ppg. In his NBA career, McNamara played in 278 games and scored a total of 980 points.
McNamara is currently assistant coach of the boys' basketball team at Haines High School, Alaska (March 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="5928345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928345" title="Patient safety organization">
Patient safety organization

A patient safety organization (PSO) is a group, institution or association that improves medical care by reducing medical errors. In the 1990s, reports in several countries revealed a staggering number of patient injuries and deaths each year due to avoidable adverse health care events. In the United States, the Institute of Medicine report (1999) called for a broad national effort to include the establishment of patient safety centers, expanded reporting of adverse events and development of safety programs in health care organizations. The organizations that developed ranged from governmental to private, and some founded by industry, professional or consumer groups. Common functions of patient safety organizations are data collection and analysis, reporting, education, funding and advocacy.
Functions.
Patient safety organizations may use several approaches to reducing adverse events:
Governmental organizations.
World Health Organization.
World Alliance for Patient Safety.
In response to a 2002 World Health Assembly Resolution, the World Health Organization (WHO) launched the World Alliance for Patient Safety in October 2004. The goal was to develop standards for patient safety and assist UN member states to improve the safety of health care. The Alliance raises awareness and political commitment to improve the safety of care and facilitates the development of patient safety policy and practice in all WHO Member States. Each year, the Alliance delivers a number of programmes covering systemic and technical aspects to improve patient safety around the world.
At the Fifty-Ninth World Health Assembly in May 2006, the Secretariat reported that the Alliance held patient safety meetings in five of the six WHO regions and 40 technical workshops in 18 countries. Since the launch of the Alliance in October 2004, significant progress was achieved in six areas:
Patients for Patient Safety (PfPS).
Patients for Patient Safety is part of the World Alliance for Patient Safety lunched in 2004 by the WHO. The project emphasizes the central role patients and consumers can play in efforts to improve the quality and safety of healthcare around the world. PFPS works with a global network of patients, consumers, caregivers, and consumer organizations to support patient involvement in patient safety programmes, both within countries and in the global programmes of the World Alliance for Patient Safety.
Australia and New Zealand.
Therapeutic Goods Administration and Adverse Drug Reactions Advisory Committee.
The Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) is a unit of the Australian Government Department of Health and Ageing. The TGA approves and monitors prescription and non-prescription drugs (including herbal products), medical supplies and devices, and blood and biological products. Risks to users are assessed prior to product introduction, and manufacturers are regularly audited for efficacy, quality and safety. Manufacturers are required to report adverse drug effects to the Adverse Drug Reactions Advisory Committee (ADRAC) of the TGA; reporting by medical professionals and consumers is voluntary. ADRAC notifies medical professionals and the public by recalls and alerts on its website and publications.
In December 2003, the Australian and New Zealand Governments signed an agreement to establish a joint regulatory organization for therapeutic products. The Australia New Zealand Therapeutic Products Authority (ANZTPA) will replace the Australian Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) and the New Zealand Medicines and Medical Devices Safety Authority (Medsafe), and be accountable to the Australian and New Zealand Governments. Implementing legislation is scheduled for introduction into both countries' parliaments in July 2006.
On 16 July 2007, the New Zealand State Services Minister Annette King announced that "The Government is not proceeding at this stage with legislation that would have enabled the establishment of a joint agency with Australia to regulate therapeutic products." She further advised that "The Zealand Government does not have the numbers in Parliament to put in place a sensible, acceptable compromise that would satisfy all parties at this time. The Australian Government has been informed of the situation and agrees that suspending negotiations on the joint authority is a sensible course of action."
Australian Commission on Safety and Quality in Health Care.
The Australian Commission on Safety and Quality in Health Care (the Commission) was established by the Australian, State and Territory Governments to lead and coordinate national improvements in safety and quality. The Commission replaced the Australian Council for Safety and Quality in Health Care in 2006.
The Commission engages in collaborative work in patient safety and healthcare quality that benefits from national coordination. This includes the development of the Australian Charter of Healthcare Rights and the National Safety and Quality Health Service Standards, improving areas such as patient identification, medication safety, clinical handover and open disclosure, and reducing healthcare associated infection. The Commission has also developed the National Safety and Quality Framework to improve the safety and quality of the Australian health system.
Other key areas of work for the Commission include National Health Service accreditation, recognising and responding to clinical deterioration, patient centred care, safety and quality in mental health and primary care and the development of national safety and quality indicators as part of the information strategies activity.
In its role primarily as a coordination and facilitation body, the Commission utilises evidence and data and the experience, enthusiasm and commitment of consumers, clinicians, managers and other stakeholders to influence the system to make changes for the safety and quality of health care in Australia.
New Zealand Health Quality & Safety Commission.
The New Zealand Health Quality & Safety Commission was established in November 2010 as a Crown Entity under the New Zealand Public Health and Disability Act 2000 to lead and co-ordinate work across the health and disability sector for the purposes of:
The Commission aims to reduce avoidable deaths and harm, reduce wastage, and make the best use of the health dollar. It works towards the New Zealand Triple Aim for quality improvement:
Commission programmes include medication safety, infection prevention and control, reportable events, consumer engagement and participation, and mortality review committees. More information can be found at www.hqsc.govt.nz
United Kingdom.
National Patient Safety Agency.
The National Patient Safety Agency (NPSA) is an NHS special health authority created in July 2001 to improve patient safety within the National Health Service (NHS) by encouraging voluntary reporting of medical errors, conducting analysis and initiating preventative measures. Since 2005, the NPSA has also been responsible for: safety aspects of hospital design, cleanliness and food; safe research practices through the National Research Ethics Service (NRES); and performance of individual doctors and dentists, through the National Clinical Assessment Service (NCAS). The NPSA identifies patient safety deficiencies with the input of clinical experts and patients, develops solutions and monitors results of corrections within the NHS. Initiatives and alerts include hand hygiene, information for doctors and patients on steps to reduce risk of error, vaccine safety and disclosure of error to injured patients. In addition, the National Reporting and Learning System (NRLS) allows NHS employees to provide the NPSA with reports anonymously.
National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence.
The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence is an independent organisation that produces guidance on public health, health technologies and clinical practice in England and Wales. NICE has three centres of excellence. The Centre for Public Health Excellence develops public health guidance, with information for patients on diagnosis and treatment of specific illnesses and conditions. The Centre for Health Technology Evaluation recommends medicines and evaluates the safety and efficacy of procedures within the National Health Service. The Centre for Clinical Practice develops evidence-based clinical guidelines for clinicians on the appropriate treatment of people with specific diseases. NICE and the National Patient Safety Agency (NPSA) cooperate in risk assessment of new technology, monitoring safety incidents associated with procedures, and providing solutions if adverse outcomes are reported. In addition, NICE and NPSA share reporting in areas known as "Confidential Enquiries": maternal or infant deaths, childhood deaths to age 16, deaths in persons with mental illness, and perioperative and unexpected medical deaths.
United States.
On July 29, 2005, the United States Congress established guidelines for Patient Safety Organizations under the Patient Safety Quality Act of 2005. The focus of the legislation is to provide incentives for clinicians to participate in voluntary initiatives to improve the outcomes of patient care, provide information about the underlying causes of errors in the delivery of health care, and to disseminate this information in order to speed the pace of improvement.
Composition.
President Clinton's Advisory Commission on Consumer Protection and Quality in the Health Care Industry completed its work on March 12, 1998. Its final report. entitled "Quality First: Better Health Care for All Americans," recommends the following characteristics of a patient safety organization:
Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality.
In 2001, the US Congress responded to the IOM recommendation to create a National Center for Patient Safety by allocating $50 million annually for patient safety research to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), the lead federal agency for health care safety. The AHRQ organizes patient safety activities, provides grants to other organizations, serves as a clearinghouse for safety information, and publishes guidelines for evidence-based or "best practices". By 2006, the National Guideline Clearinghouse (NGC) contained more than 1,700 disease-specific diagnosis, management and treatment recommendations, developed from current medical literature. The goal of the NGC is to provide health professionals and institutions, health plans and health care purchasers an accessible mechanism for obtaining objective clinical practice guidelines. Adoption of guidelines has been slowed by physician and hospital concern that practice guidelines threaten physician autonomy and authority, fuel malpractice liability, and allow managed care insurers to curtail patient care expenditures.
Under the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality coordinates the Patient Safety Task Force composed of three other agencies with regulatory and data collection responsibilities: the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and its National Electronic Disease Surveillance System, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and state Quality improvement organizations, and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
The AHRQ, in partnership with data organizations in 37 states, sponsors the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS), a database of the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP). The HCUP is a Federal-State-Industry partnership providing all discharge data from 994 hospitals—approximately 8 million hospital stays each year. The Nationwide Inpatient Sample is the largest all-payer inpatient care database in the United States from which national estimates of inpatient care can be derived. Using safety data from the NIS, the AHRQ has been able to provide complication rates and risk data, even for rare surgical procedures, such as bariatric surgery.
In 2005, AHRQ provided links to a compendium of 140 research articles, implementation programs and tools and products used to improve patient safety, sponsored jointly with the Department of Defense (DoD)-Health Affairs.
In 2008, AHRQ launched the AHRQ Health Care Innovations Exchange site that contains profiles of hundreds of patient safety programs that have been implemented in hospitals and other health care settings across the United States. The goal of the site is to document and share these innovations with other organizations that can adapt them in different settings, allowing the adopters to base their quality improvement plans on previously tested methods.
Food and Drug Administration.
The Food and Drug Administration is an agency of the United States government that regulates food, drugs, medical devices and biological products for human use. The FDA receives medication error reports on marketed human drugs from direct contacts and manufacturer's reports, and in 1992, began monitoring medication error reports that are forwarded from the United States Pharmacopeia (USP) and the Institute for Safe Medication Practices (ISMP).
The effectiveness of the FDA's drug safety monitoring procedures was called into question after several approved drugs were shown to have serious side-effects. In September 2006, an Institute of Medicine report commissioned by the FDA found that its drug safety system is limited by inadequate funding, insufficient regulatory authority, and a lack of oversight by experts free of pharmaceutical industry ties.
The FDA launched a new program in 2005 to provide drug risk information directly to the public through internet-accessible drug sheets and bulletins. The enactment of the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 (FDAAA), expanded the authority of the FDA over drug safety monitoring after approval and introduction for use by the public. In 2008, the FDA established a single website for both the public and the healthcare profession with access to drug safety information, including warnings, recalls, and reporting of adverse reactions, using MedWatch.
Independent organizations.
Australia.
Australian Patient Safety Foundation.
The APSF is a non-profit independent organisation founded in 1989 for anaesthesia error monitoring, and expanded to patient incident reporting and monitoring after results from the Quality in Australian Health Care Study (QAHCS) in 1995 prompted reaction from the public. Adverse medical events, both sentinel events (patient death and injury) and near misses (medical errors with potential harm), are reported and analyzed through its subsidiary, Patient Safety International (PSI), using a software tool, the Advanced Incident Management System (AIMS). AIMS is used in over half of Australia's hospitals, and was adopted in 2005 by the New Zealand Accident Compensation Corporation and the University of Miami Medical Group in Florida. Data remains confidential is protected from legal discovery under Australian Commonwealth Quality Assurance legislation. Patient safety information is provided by electronic newsletters.
Canada.
Canadian Patient Safety Institute.
The Canadian Patient Safety Institute (CPSI)() was developed in 2003 after consultations among Canadian healthcare professional organizations, provincial and territorial ministries of health and Health Canada. An independent non-profit corporation, the CPSI promotes solutions and collaboration among governments and stakeholders to improve patient safety, and has a five year mandate. Areas of improvement are education, system innovation, communication, regulatory affairs and research. Together with the Institute For Safe Medication Practices Canada and Saskatchewan Health, a Canadian Root Cause Analysis Framework is offered to healthcare organizations to analyze the contributing factors that led to a critical incident or close call.
In April 2005, CPSI launched the "Safer Healthcare Now!" campaign, aimed at reducing error-related injuries by focusing on six evidence-based measures and through over 200 local organizations, based on the 100,000 lives campaign.
Institute for Safe Medication Practices Canada.
The Institute for Safe Medication Practices Canada (ISMP) is an independent national non-profit agency that reviews and analyzes medication incident and near-miss reports. In collaboration with the Canadian Institute for Health Information (CIHI), and Health Canada, ISMP established the Canadian Medication Incident Prevention and Reporting System (CMIRPS) in 2003. ISMP takes the lead role of collecting reports from health practitioners, analysing incidents, and disseminating preventative methods.
Germany.
German Agency for Quality in Medicine.
Based in Berlin, the German Agency for Quality in Medicine is a not-profit organisation, which co-ordinates healthcare quality programmes. In the field of patient safety AQUMED was one of the first German organisations calling for effective patient safety programs. The agency was co-founder of the German Coalition for Patient Safety. AQUMED established a national network of Critical Incident Reporting Systems. The institution is partner of the international High 5 Project.
German Coalition for Patient Safety.
The German Coalition for Patient Safety (APS), established in 2005 and located in Bonn is a German non-profit association of organisations and individuals interested and involved in promotion of patient safety. APS' multidisciplinary working groups develop recommendations for patient safety activities in in- and outpatient healthcare institutions. The recommendations are available as open-access documents and distributed in healthcare institutions for free. APS acting together with the German Agency for Quality in Medicine is a Lead Technical Agency of the High 5 Project.
United Kingdom.
The Health Foundation.
Based in London, England, the Health Foundation is an independent charity that aims to improve the quality of health care for the people of the United Kingdom. The Safer Patients Initiative, one of the Foundation’s quality and performance improvement programmes, targets reducing medication-related adverse events and errors, reducing infections associated with intensive care units or surgery and improving organisational culture, leadership and expertise in measuring improvement. The goal of the initiative is a 50 percent reduction in adverse events per 1,000 patient days for each site. In 2004, The Health Foundation selected four hospitals from across the UK to work on a £4.3 million patient safety improvement programme. These four hospitals continue to show measurable improvements in their patient safety performance, and 16 more hospitals are being selected in 2006 to join the second phase.
Lancaster Patient Safety Research Unit.
The Unit was founded in January 2008 and is a collaborative venture between the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Trust and Lancaster University. It is funded by the UK National Health Service through the National Institute for Health Research. The unit has two aims. The first is to conduct world-class, high-quality research in patient safety. The second is to make sure that the unit's findings are used in practice, to improve the welfare of people in North Lancashire and South Cumbria and throughout the National Health Service. In June 2010 the Unit's director, Professor Andrew Smith, helped launch The Helsinki Declaration for Patient Safety in Anaesthesiology, a practical manifesto aimed at improving the safety of anaesthesia care throughout Europe. He is now part of a joint European Society of Anaesthesiology/European Board of Anaesthesiology Task Force overseeing the implementation of the Declaration.
ECRI Institute Patient Safety Organization.
ECRI Institute PSO Website has been officially listed (effective 11/5/08) by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services as a federal Patient Safety Organization under the Patient Safety and Quality Improvement Act of 2005. ECRI Institute Patient Safety Organization serves nationwide as a PSO directly for providers, hospitals, and health systems as well as provide support services to state and regional PSOs.
Medication Safety Officers Society.
The Medication Safety Officers Society formerly known as The American Society of Medication Safety Officers (ASMSO) is a not-for-profit association established in 2006 with a mission to advance and encourage excellence in the profession of pharmacy by providing leadership, direction, education and communication among its members, to represent pharmacy in organized healthcare settings and promote the advancement of safe medication use.
It was designed for medication safety officers with the goal to provide an open forum of information sharing and collaboration. ASMSO was acquired by the Institute for Safe Medication Practices (ISMP) in 2013 and renamed the Medication Safety Officers Society (MSOS). Membership in MSOS is currently free to all interested parties who register.
Missouri Center for Patient Safety.
The Missouri Center for Patient Safety (MOCPS) is a private, not-for-profit corporation fostering change throughout Missouri’s health care delivery systems and across the continuum of care. It was established by the Missouri Hospital Association (MHA), the Missouri State Medical Association (MSMA) and Primaris in response to recommendations from the Governor’s Commission for Patient Safety. The Center’s vision is “a health care environment safe for all patients, in all processes, all the time." The Center’s mission is “to be a leader in providing solutions and resources to improve patient safety and the quality of health care delivery by conducting activities in collaboration with health care providers, physicians, purchasers, consumers and government."
Initiatives that are currently the focus of MOCPS include the People, Priorities and Learning Together (PPLT) initiative, which brings together evidence-based practices that have been part of the work of the MOCPS and Missouri Hospital Association. This approach offers options for hospitals to select components of the initiative to fit their own unique needs for quality and safety efforts, providing options to select components of most value to the individual hospital. In addition to opportunities to learn the Comprehensive Unit-based Safety Program (CUSP), TeamSTEPPS™, Just Culture, and other processes to improve teamwork and communication, participants may join clinical collaboratives, including the national CUSP/Stop BSI and CUSP/CAUTI projects focused on prevention of blood stream infections and catheter-associated blood stream infections. Additional initiatives include the Hand Hygiene Project, Prevention of Injury from Falls, and Hospital and Medical Offices Surveys on Patient Safety.
National Quality Forum.
The National Quality Forum(NQF)</ is a not-for-profit membership organization created in 1999 to develop and implement a national strategy for health care quality measurement and reporting. Membership is open to national, state, regional, and local groups representing consumers, public and private purchasers, employers, health care professionals, provider organizations, health plans, accrediting bodies, labor unions, supporting industries, and organizations involved in health care research or quality improvement. The NQF has focused on several areas: error rates, unnecessary procedures and undertreatment, especially preventive care. Policies are formed through one of four Member Councils: the Consumer Council, Purchaser Council, Provider and Health Plan Council, and Research and Quality Improvement Council.
In 2002, the National Quality Forum defined 27 events that should never occur within a health care facility.
In 2003, the National Quality Forum (NQF) endorsed a set of 30 Safe Practices that should be universally utilized in applicable clinical care settings to reduce the risk of harm to patients.
There are six types of "never events" (officially called Serious Reportable Events): surgical events (e.g., surgery being performed on the wrong patient), product or device events (e.g., using contaminated drugs), patient protection events (e.g., an infant discharged to the wrong person), care management events (e.g., a medication error), environmental events (e.g., electric shock or burn), and criminal events (e.g., sexual assault of a patient). The NQF’s report recommends a national state-based event reporting system to improve the quality of patient care. , a little more than half of U.S. states have some version of a reporting system for Serious Reportable Events.
NQF has now formally launched the Consensus Standards Maintenance Committee on Serious Reportable Events to review the list and recommend additions or changes for Members to consider so that the set remains current and appropriate.
The organization has many ongoing projects including National Voluntary Consensus Standards for the Reporting of Healthcare-Associated Infections(HAIs) and developing a national consensus on symptom management and end-of-life care in cancer patients.
On January 9, 2013, the U.S. Department of Justice and 49 U.S States and the District of Columbia reached an out-of-court settlement with CareFusion, a medical products company, for USD 40million in a whistleblower suit that alleged that the company had paid Charles Denham over USD 11 mllion to influence medical standards settings in favor of the company while he was involved with NQF. In a press release, NQF distanced itself from Dr. Denham and his foundation TMIT while stating "reference to CareFusion product was removed from the draft Safe Practices report after an NQF ad hoc review did not find sufficient evidence to support one skin preparation over another."
Leapfrog.
Staggered by increasing health insurance costs, several large US companies met in 1998 to influence quality and affordability. The resulting Leapfrog Group agreed to base their purchase of health care on principles that "encourage provider quality improvement and consumer involvement". The group was officially launched in November 2000 with the initial focus provided by the 1999 Institute of Medicine report – reducing preventable medical mistakes (the report recommended that large employers leverage their purchasing power for the quality and safety of health care). The "leapfrog" concept involved large advances stimulated by rewarding hospitals that implement significant improvements (the Leapfrog Hospital Rewards Program). The quality practices mandated are computer physician order entry CPOE, evidence-based hospital referral, intensive care unit (ICU) staffing by physicians experienced in critical care medicine, and a "Leapfrog Safe Practices Score", based on the National Quality Forum endorsed Safe Practices. Additional initiatives now include public reporting of health care quality and outcomes (hospital quality ratings) to influence consumers' choices. Leapfrog now includes more than 170 large private and public healthcare purchasers providing health benefits to more than 37 million employees and retirees, funded by the Business Roundtable, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and Leapfrog members.
Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations.
Founded in 1951, the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO) is an independent, not-for-profit organization that evaluates and accredits nearly 15,000 health care organizations and programs in the United States. An organization must undergo an on-site survey by a Joint Commission survey team at least every three years. The scope of reviews by JCAHO is broad, including hospitals, home care agencies, medical equipment providers, nursing homes, rehabilitation facilities, surgical centers and medical laboratories. Passing a survey is crucial for most organizations, since accreditation by JCAHO is required for participation in Medicare and some state and private health care programs. Since the accreditation rate is over 90%, there have been questions raised regarding the effectiveness of these surveys.
In 1997, JCAHO began including outcomes and other performance data into the accreditation process (the "ORYX initiative"). Information gained allowed the Joint Commission to develop National Patient Safety Goals to promote specific improvements in patient safety. The Goals highlight problem areas in health care and describe evidence-based solutions. Examples include prevention of falls, patient identification, reducing hospital infections and pressure ulcers, and improving hospital staff communication. In addition, the Joint Commission created a "do not use" list of abbreviations in 2004 to avoid acronyms and symbols that lead to misinterpretation.
Identifying sentinel events and analyzing the root causes has been a focus of JCAHO since 1996; the first eight alerts were published in 1998. The Commission defines a sentinel event as "any unexpected occurrence involving death or serious physical or psychological injury, or the risk thereof." The health care facility experiencing the sentinel event is expected to complete a thorough root cause analysis, make improvements to the underlying processes, and monitor the effectiveness of the changes. Although the cause of most sentinel events is human error, changes in organizational systems will reduce the likelihood of human error in the future and protect patients from harm when human error does occur. Specific causes of sentinel events and the solutions that hospitals then used successfully to reduce risks are publicized by JCAHO annually. Alerts have included issues as varied as wrong site surgery, restraint deaths, transfusion and medication errors and patient abductions.
In 2005, JCAHO established an International Center for Patient Safety to collaborate with international patient safety organizations to identify, develop and share safety solutions, conduct joint research, and advocate public policy changes. Educational materials to help patients prevent medical errors, sentinel event alerts and other resources are provide on the internet.
Pittsburgh Regional Health Initiative.
The Pittsburgh Regional Health Initiative, or PRHI, is an independent catalyst for improving healthcare safety and quality in Southwestern Pennsylvania. It operates on the premise that dramatic quality improvement is the best cost-containment strategy for health care.
PRHI was the first regional consortium of medical, business and civic leaders to address healthcare safety and quality improvement as a social and business imperative. Turning its own community into a demonstration lab, PRHI strives to accelerate improvement and set the pace for the nation. Its experiment reflects three principles:
PRHI offers clinicians and other healthcare professionals necessary tools, expertise, education, models and networks to perfect patient care and safety in their organizations. Using the Toyota Production System and Alcoa Business System as models, PRHI developed a quality improvement method for clinical settings known as Perfecting Patient Care. PRHI teaches this method through a five-day curriculum called Perfecting Patient Care University, as well as in advanced and individualized courses and on-site coaching.
PRHI reports that thousands across the nation have already learned how to use Perfecting Patient Care principles and are demonstrating the value of quality engineering in any healthcare setting—from neighborhood clinics, to hospitals and nursing homes.
PRHI, cofounded by Paul O’Neill and Karen Wolk Feinstein, is a nonprofit operating arm of the Jewish Healthcare Foundation. It is funded by local corporations, foundations, health plans and government contracts and grants.
Institute for Healthcare Improvement.
The Institute for Healthcare Improvement (IHI) is an independent not-for-profit organization helping to lead the improvement of health care throughout the world. Founded in 1991 and based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, IHI works to accelerate improvement by building the will for change, cultivating promising concepts for improving patient care, and helping health care systems put those ideas into action.
Employing a staff of approximately 100 people and maintaining partnerships with hundreds of faculty members, IHI offers comprehensive programs that aim to improve the lives of patients, the health of communities, and the joy of the health care workforce.
National Patient Safety Foundation.
The National Patient Safety Foundation is a not-for-profit organization founded in 1996 by the American Medical Association, CNA HealthPro, and 3M, with significant support from the Schering-Plough Corporation. Based on the model of the Anesthesia Patient Safety Foundation, the NPSF provides leadership training, research support, and education. Since 1998, an Annual Patient Safety Congress has been held to promote patient safety and medical error research in the United States. The Foundation publishes the "Journal of Patient Safety", containing original papers and reviews, and provides a searchable database on its website of active research projects.
United States Pharmacopeia.
The United States Pharmacopeia (USP) sets official standards for all prescription and over-the-counter medicines, dietary supplements, and other healthcare products manufactured and sold in the United States, but USP standards are also recognized and used in more than 130 other countries. USP operates two programs to promote patient safety. The Medication Errors Reporting Program enables healthcare professionals to report medication errors directly to USP. MEDMARX, an internet-based error and drug reaction reporting program, is designed for use in hospitals. The USP analyzes the data it receives through its reporting programs, develops professional education programs and disseminates alerts related to medication errors. The MEDMARX report released in 2007 analyzed 11,000 medication errors during surgery in 500 hospitals between 1998 and 2005. The analysis showed that medication errors that happen in the operating room or recovery areas are three times more likely to harm a patient than errors occurring in other types of hospital care. , this was the largest known analysis of medical errors related to surgery.
Institute for Safe Medication Practices.
The Institute for Safe Medication Practices (ISMP), based in suburban Philadelphia, is the only nonprofit organization in the US devoted entirely to medication error prevention and safe medication use. Its medication error prevention efforts began in 1975 with a column in "Hospital Pharmacy" to inform healthcare professionals and others about medication error prevention. ISMP operates a voluntary practitioner error-reporting program to tabulate errors nationally, understand their causes, and share “lessons learned” with the healthcare community, known as the Medication Errors Reporting Program (MERP), operated by the United States Pharmacopeia (USP) in cooperation with ISMP. In addition, ISMP’s corporate subsidiary, Med-E.R.R.S. (Medical Error Recognition and Revision Strategies), works directly and confidentially with the pharmaceutical industry to prevent errors that stem from confusing or misleading naming, labeling, packaging, and device design. The ISMP list of error-prone abbreviations is distributed nationally.
Safe Care Campaign.
The Safe Care Campaign is a not-for-profit corporation created to help eradicate hospital acquired infections. Its goal is to instigate a national change in ideology and practices within the health care environment in regard to hand hygiene, by emphasizing well-established methods proven to result in safer patient care.

</doc>
<doc id="5928353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928353" title="The Ruff Guide to Genre-Terrorism">
The Ruff Guide to Genre-Terrorism

The Ruff Guide to Genre-Terrorism is the first full-length release by Manchester, UK based Sonic Boom Six. This album marks the first recording by SB6 since the departure of original guitarist Dave "Hellfire" Kelly.
Notes.
This CD was the band's first release on Deck Cheese, with their previous CDs having been on Moon Ska Europe. A demo of "A People's History Of The Future" was posted on the band's MySpace profile in 2005, although the song was very different at the time and was called "The World's A Twisted Place (But It Won't Twist Me)". "All-In" features guest vocals from Coolie Ranx.

</doc>
<doc id="5928360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928360" title="Greatest Hits (Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash album)">
Greatest Hits (Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash album)

Greatest Hits is the fifteenth Crosby, Stills & Nash album, and their fifth compilation, released by Rhino Records in 2005. It peaked at #24 on the Billboard 200, debuting at that position on April 2, 2005 with sales of 33,000 copies, and spending eight weeks on the chart. The album was dedicated to Cass Elliot with great thanks to Neil Young.
Content.
The title is somewhat of a misnomer since two of the band's nine Top 40 hits from the Billboard Hot 100, "Woodstock" and "Ohio," do not appear. Both of these tracks feature Neil Young; in fact Young does not appear on any track on this set. The selections derive from the group's first four studio albums, ignoring completely their last four of "American Dream", "Live It Up", "After the Storm", and "Looking Forward".

</doc>
<doc id="5928371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928371" title="Michael Braude Award for Light Verse">
Michael Braude Award for Light Verse

The Michael Braude Award for Light Verse is a biennial award given for light verse in the English language, regardless of the author's nationality. It is presented by the American Academy of Arts and Letters and is accompanied by a $5,000 payment. Mrs. Lillian Braude established the award in memory of her husband, Michael Braude, in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5928386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928386" title="Runaway (Sahlene song)">
Runaway (Sahlene song)

"Runaway" sung by Sahlene was the Eurovision 2002 entrant for that year's host nation, Estonia.
Music, lyrics and production.
The song is an upbeat number with English lyrics which advise the narrator's "babe" to be more open minded in his life's vision: "just runaway to the stars/ I'll be waiting above". The resemblance of the melody of "Runaway" to that of "I Believe I Can Fly" was much noted: Alar Kotkas, co-writer of "Runaway", stated: "I know the two songs are similar" but denied any plagiarism.
The studio recording of "Runaway" was produced by Erik Bernholm: the background vocals were performed by Sahlene with one of her Eurovision backing vocalists Lena Olsson-Björkén. "Runaway" was Sahlene's only release on Virgin Records: the track made its album debut on her 2003 album release "It's Been a While" (M&L Records).
Placing the song with a performer.
The song's composers Pearu Paulus, Ilmar Laisaar and Alar Kotkas (music) and Jana Hallas (lyrics), had previously written "Once In A Lifetime" the Estonian entrant for Eurovision 2000 performed by Ines and Ines was at first set to perform the song. However Ines withdrew shortly before Eurolaul 2002 - the Estonian preselection Eurovision round - and the song's composers, after unsuccessfully shopping their song to a number of Estonian singers including Koit Toome - contacted the Swedish division of Virgin Records who suggested Sahlene who was on the Virgin roster: on the evening of the same day Sahlene received a telephone call from Virgin Records and resultantly flew out to the Estonian capital of Tallinn at 6 a.m. the following morning. Sahlene had two weeks to work with the song's composers prior to performing "Runaway" in "Eurolaul".
Performance at "Eurolaul" 2002.
Eurolaul 2002 was held at the Linnahall on the evening of January 26 2002 and broadcast live on ETV.
Performed ninth in a field of ten Eurolaul entrants, "Runaway" was not the top vote getter from the television viewers who were invited to vote for their favorite number and who favored "Another Country Song" by Nightlight Duo & Cowboys which entrant received 40% of the popular vote. However the official decision as to the winner of Eurolaul was made by an international panel of eight judges whose votes decided that "Runaway" by Sahlene would be the Estonian entrant at Eurovision 2002, the judges' vote awarding "Runaway" eighty-five points, twenty more than the Eurolaul runner-up which was "Another Country Song".
Performance at the "Eurovision Song Contest" 2002.
On the night of May 25 2002 at the Eurovision Song Contest mounted at Saku Suurhall Arena in Tallinn, "Runaway" was the eighth entrant performed, following Russia's Prime Minister with "Northern Girl" and preceding Macedonia's Karolina with "Od nas zavisi". Sahlene performed in a white leather outfit she'd designed with lyricist Jana Hallas: she wore a midriff baring sleeveless shirt with a plunging v-neck and a fringe over one arm, a slotted skirt and high boots. Although Sahlene's performance at Eurolaul two months previous had featured a chorale of Estonian vocalists: specifically Kaire Vilgats, Dagmar Oja, Pearu Paulus and Johannes Lõhmus, her backing ensemble for Eurovision featured only two vocalists, one Estonian: Jelena Juzvik, and one Swedish: Lena Olsson-Björkén. The musicians who played behind Sahlene at Eurovision were Estonian drummer Jüri Mazuchak and two Swedish guitarists: Joel Sahlin - Sahlene's brother - and Charlotte Berg. At the close of voting, the tally for "Runaway" was 111 points, which result tied "Runaway" with the UK Eurovision 2002 entrant "Come Back" by Jessica Garlick for third place in a field of twenty-four. In the official Eurovision rankings, "Runaway" is listed as finishing in third place at Eurovision 2002 with "Come Back" finishing fourth: the preferment of "Runaway" is based on it having secured two first place votes on the night of competition, specifically from Latvia and Sweden, while "Come Back" received only one first place vote, that being from Austria.
"Runaway" was succeeded as Estonian representative at the 2003 Contest by Ruffus with "Eighties Coming Back".
The composers of "Runaway" would again have a song they had written be the Estonian Eurovision entrant: the Eurovision 2006 entrant "Through My Window" which, like "Runaway", was performed by a Swedish vocalist, in this case Sandra Oxenryd.
Chart performance.
On the June 6 2006 chart of the Top 60 singles in Sweden, "Runaway" by Sahlene debuted at #20: this proved to be the track's peak although it remained on the chart for a total of seventeen weeks, thirteen of them in the Top 40 with seven of those weeks spent in the Top 25.

</doc>
<doc id="5928388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928388" title="Bullers of Buchan">
Bullers of Buchan

The name Bullers of Buchan refers both to a collapsed sea cave and to the adjacent village, situated about south of Peterhead in Buchan, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Cave.
The collapsed sea cave forms an almost circular chasm (the "pot") some deep, where the sea rushes in through a natural archway. 
Village.
The small hamlet of cottages here is also known by the same name, and was historically a fishing village launching small boats from the bay below (the slipway may still be seen at low tide).
Cliffs.
The cliffs at the Bullers provide a nesting site in spring for colonies of seabirds, including kittiwakes, puffins, fulmars, shags, razorbills and guillemots along with herring gulls and great black-backed gulls. Eider ducks may also be seen here, and gannets are frequently seen passing en route to their colonies north at Troup Head and South at Bass Rock. Grey seals may be seen in the bay, and dolphins are often seen passing by offshore.
Access.
The area is a popular sightseeing spot, with a car park but no tourist facilities. Access is via the A975 road, which is served by a regular bus service between Peterhead and Aberdeen.
The Bullers of Buchan lie on the Buchan coastal footpath, leading south to Slains Castle, Cruden Bay and Whinnyfold, and north to the Longhaven wildlife reserve.
Name.
The name "Bullers" has been thought to be derived from the French "bouillir", meaning "to boil", as the water in the pot appears to boil during stormy weather, but another explanation says that the word is a Scots word meaning "rushing of water", relating to the sound made by the waves crashing in through the archway opening into the pot, perhaps.
History.
The local area is rich with prehistory and historical features. Somewhat inland are a number of prehistoric monuments including Catto Long Barrow, Silver Cairn and numerous tumuli. In that same vicinity of the Laeca Burn watershed is the point d'appui of historic battles between invading Danes and indigenous Picts.
The Bullers of Buchan were cited in historical literature as early as the 18th century, most notably by the literary journalist James Boswell.

</doc>
<doc id="5928395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928395" title="Maryland Terrapins">
Maryland Terrapins

The Maryland Terrapins, commonly referred to as the Terps, consist of 20 men's and women's athletic teams that represent the University of Maryland, College Park in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I competition. Maryland was a founding member of the Southern Conference in 1921, founding member of the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1952, and is now a member of the Big Ten Conference.
The nickname was coined in 1932 by Dr. Harry C. "Curley" Byrd, then the school's football coach and later the school's president. Previously, Maryland teams were known as the "Old Liners"—a reference to the state's nickname, "The Old Line State." However, the school newspaper, "The Diamondback," wanted a better nickname. Byrd thought "Terrapins" was a good choice because of the diamondback terrapins endemic to the Chesapeake Bay region. Byrd's hometown of Crisfield was famous for the number of terrapins along its shores. The school mascot is an anthropomorphic turtle named "Testudo." The official team colors are red, white, black, and gold, derived from the Maryland state flag. On July 1, 2014, the Terrapins became members of the Big Ten Conference following 62 years of membership in the Atlantic Coast Conference. 
History.
The University of Maryland, College Park was established in 1856 as Maryland Agricultural College. Baseball and football were played on the campus as early as the Civil War era. It was renamed Maryland State College in 1916, and in 1920, merged with the state's professional schools in Baltimore to become the University of Maryland. Between 1921 and 1953, the university was a member of the Southern Conference.
Longstanding tensions within the Southern Conference culminated in 1951, when it passed a ban on participation in bowl games midway through the football season. At the end of the regular season, both Maryland and Clemson were invited and accepted invitations to postseason bowl games. The Southern Conference sanctioned the two schools with a one-year probation in which they could not schedule any football games against conference opponents. On May 8, 1953, Maryland became a founding member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) when it and six other schools voted to split from the Southern Conference.
The school's sports teams are referred to as the Terrapins, and the university mascot is a diamondback terrapin named Testudo. The school's athletic colors are red, white, black, and gold, derived from the colors of the state flag. The university currently sponsors varsity athletic teams in 20 men's and women's sports, which compete at the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I level. As of December 2010, Maryland's athletic teams have been awarded 38 national championships by the NCAA, USILA, AIAW, and NCA.
Varsity teams.
The University of Maryland currently has 20 varsity teams: 8 men's and 12 women's.
Men's basketball.
Burton Shipley was Maryland's first and longest serving basketball coach, but his lengthy tenure from 1923 to 1947 was described as "remarkably quiet". At that time, the sport was not widely popular in the mid-Atlantic region and football and boxing were much better drawing spectator sports on the Maryland campus. To capitalize on the popularity, basketball games at Ritchie Coliseum were held as doubleheaders with boxing matches for 26 years. Bud Millikan became head coach in 1950 and soon led Maryland to consistent respectability within the Southern Conference. Defensive point guard Gene Shue averaged 22 points per game and his scoring record stood for two decades. In 1955, the small Ritchie Coliseum was replaced by Cole Field House centrally located on campus, and with Maryland now a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference, the fanbase rapidly expanded. . Millikan's tenure culminated in 1958 when Maryland won its first Atlantic Coast Conference tournament championship and advanced to the Elite Eight in the NCAA Tournament.
Gary Williams became head coach in 1989, bringing Maryland back to national prominence following difficult years, and then retired in 2011. By March 2010, Gary Williams was the 5th winningest active coach in the country and the 3rd winningest coach all-time in the ACC (behind only Dean Smith and Mike Krzyzewski). In 2002 Williams led the Terrapins to the programs first national championship defeating Indiana 64-52. Williams retired in May 2011 and Mark Turgeon was hired from Texas A&M to be his successor.
Football.
An unofficial football team composed of Maryland Agricultural College students played games against local high schools in 1890 and 1891. The following year, the school lent its support, which marked of the Maryland football program in 1892. The football team has continued to the present day with the exception of a brief hiatus in 1895. In 1894, former Maryland coach and player William W. Skinner spearheaded the formation of the Maryland Intercollegiate Football Association, which served to award the state football championship. Maryland hired D. John Markey as its first paid football coach in 1902. H. C. "Curley" Byrd, who eventually served as the university president from 1936 to 1953, began his playing career on the team in 1905. In 1911, Byrd was appointed as the head football coach, and he served in that position through 1934. During his tenure, Byrd was instrumental in growing support of the program, and in 1915 successfully requisitioned funding for the school's first stadium. In his position as university president, he was also responsible for building the school's current football facility, Byrd Stadium.
In 1945, Paul "Bear" Bryant began his long and distinguished career as a head football coach at the University of Maryland. The following year, he was replaced by Jim Tatum, a pioneer of the split T. Maryland football achieved its greatest success under Tatum, who compiled a 73–15–4 record without a single losing season, and to date, he remains the winningest Maryland coach of the modern era. NCAA recognized selectors awarded Maryland the national football championship in 1951 and 1953. During Tatum's tenure from 1946 to 1955, Maryland also secured one Southern Conference championship and two Atlantic Coast Conference championships. In 1962, Darryl Hill transferred to Maryland from the United States Naval Academy, making the school the first team in the Atlantic Coast Conference with a black player. Jerry Claiborne became head coach in 1972, and led Maryland to three consecutive ACC championships from 1974 to 1976. The Terrapins finished the 1976 regular season with an undefeated 11–0 record, but lost to Houston in the Cotton Bowl Classic, which ended national championship speculation. Bobby Ross replaced Claiborne in 1982, and he repeated the feat of three consecutive ACC championships from 1983 to 1985. In 1984, Maryland quarterback Frank Reich led the Terrapins to the then greatest halftime comeback against the defending national champions, Miami. After a long bowl game drought, Ralph Friedgen was hired as head coach in 2001, and in his first season, led Maryland to the ACC championship and its first Bowl Championship Series game appearance.
The football program has secured two NCAA-recognized national championships, nine ACC championships, two Southern Conference championships, eleven consensus All-America honors, and twenty-four bowl game appearances. Maryland possesses the third-most ACC championships with nine, which places them behind Clemson (13) and Florida State (12). Many former Terrapins players and coaches have gone on to careers in professional football including 15 first-round NFL Draft picks.
Men's lacrosse.
The Terrapins men's lacrosse team is one of the most tradition-rich in all of collegiate lacrosse, having advanced to ten NCAA Championship games since its inception in 1971, winning the tournament in both 1971 and 1973. The Terrapins' lacrosse tradition traces back even further with 7 Wingate Memorial Trophies between 1936 and 1970. The school has also won a record 25 ACC championships, most recently in 2011 when it won the ACC Tournament Title en route to an NCAA Runner-Up finish.
Wrestling.
The Terrapins wrestling team has won more ACC team championships than any other school in the conference, winning their 24th ACC title in 2012. The 2012 ACC championship is the Terps' fourth in the past five years. Maryland has finished in the top 20 at the NCAA Championships each year since the 2010 season and produced multiple all Americans since 2009, a school record. There have been six head coaches in Maryland's history, currently led by two-time NCAA champion and two-time Olympian Kerry McCoy now in his fourth year as head coach. The Comcast Center is the arena for the Terrapin Wrestling team.
Maryland has had over 200 ACC Champions, 2 NCAA Champions, and 18 NCAA all Americans. In 2010 Hudson Taylor became Maryland's first three-time all American with his fourth place finish at 197 pounds. Spencer Myers became Maryland's first freshman in 2011 when he earned all American status with his sixth place finish at heavyweight. The first wrestling team started in 1940 competed in the Southern Conference, with Paul McNeil becoming the Terps' first champion that same year at 175 pounds.
Kyle John celebrates his 157 pound 2012 ACC title
Discontinued Sports of 2011-12.
In November 2011, University President Wallace Loh announced that eight sports would be cut following the end of the 2011-12 academic year due to mounting financial woes in the Maryland athletics department. The athletics deficit was expected to reach $4 million by 2012 and $17 million by 2017 unless action was taken. In July 2011, President Loh had assembled a commission to identify ways to lower athletic expenses. In November 2011, the commission recommended—and President Loh accepted—cutting eight teams: men's indoor and outdoor track and field, men's cross country, men's swimming and diving, women's swimming and diving, men's tennis, women's water polo, and competitive cheer (aerobatics and tumbling).
Following the commission's recommendation, Athletic Director Kevin Anderson allowed each team the opportunity to raise funds towards its continued survival. Only one program—men's outdoor track and field—reached its fundraising benchmark and will play in the 2012-13 season. On July 1, 2012, Kevin Anderson announced the dissolution of the remaining seven programs. All active student-athlete scholarships and coaching contracts were honored for discontinued teams.
Notable non varsity sports.
Rugby.
The Maryland Terrapins rugby team was founded in 1968. Maryland's best season was 1985, when Maryland played in the national championship final, losing 31-6 to Cal. Maryland plays in the Atlantic Coast Rugby League, a conference formed in 2011 along with other Atlantic Coast Conference schools. The Terps are led by head coach Jeff Soeken, who was a three-time All-American when he played rugby for Maryland.
Maryland were champions of the league's inaugural 2011 season, defeating North Carolina 39-32 in the title match. Maryland repeated as Atlantic Coast champion again in 2012, defeating Clemson. Maryland placed 10th in the 2012 Collegiate Rugby Championship (CRC), notching wins against Penn State and Oklahoma. The CRC is the highest profile college rugby tournament in the country, held at PPL Park in Philadelphia and broadcast live on NBC. Maryland reached the semifinals of the 2012 ACI 7s tournament in Blacksburg.
Traditions.
Songs and chants.
Victory Song
The Maryland Victory Song was written in 1928 by Thornton W. Allen. It is played frequently during Terp Basketball and Football games. During Football games, it is played after every touchdown the Terps score, regardless of whether the team is winning or losing, celebrating the immediate victory of accomplishment. Ironically, the "Victory" song is played even after defeat. The lyrics are as follows:
"Maryland we're all behind you,"<br>
"Raise high the black and gold."<br>
"For there is nothing half so glorious,"<br>
"As to see our team victorious."<br>
"We've got the team boys,"<br>
"We've got the steam boys,"<br>
"So keep on fighting, don't give in!"<br>
"M-A-R-Y-L-A-N-D"<br>
"Maryland will win"
During the M-A-R-Y-L-A-N-D section of the victory song, Terrapins fans show their clenched fists, and alternate pumping them in the air, beginning with their right fist on the "M" and alternating between left and right with each letter of the MARYLAND. The motion resembles someone climbing a ladder.
Alma Mater & Fight Song Other official school songs include the school's Alma Mater and Fight Song. Each of these are played at every home football game during the pregame festivities.
"Hey, You Suck!"
A popular saying among the students at Maryland is a simple "Hey, You Suck!" directed at opponents. Students have incorporated the phrase into Gary Glitter's popular sports anthem "Rock and Roll Part Two" (often referred to as the "Hey Song"). Sometime in the early 2000s, then-football coach Ralph Friedgen asked that the song not be played at football games. Friedgen had never liked hearing the song since his return to College Park in 2001, and added that it hurt his recruiting efforts. In 2004, basketball coach Gary Williams followed Friedgen's lead and asked that the song not be played at basketball games either. While he personally liked the song, complaints from a large number of parents and grandparents had led him to conclude it was too controversial. However, the students have continued to sing the song without the band's support. Before each basketball game and after every touchdown at football games, the crowd sings the song a capella.
Football and basketball.
Key Plays At football games, Terp fans also shake their keys to signify urgency ("Key" Plays).
Fist Pump
At the beginning of each men's basketball game during his tenure, Maryland Coach Gary Williams would pump his fist to signify a good game.
Midnight Madness
Midnight Madness was originally started by Maryland Head Coach Lefty Driesell in 1970. Midnight Madness is held at the earliest time the Men's Basketball Team can practice, which used to be midnight on the first day of practice. Students would attend the practice and over the years it has evolved into a circus-like atmosphere, including light shows, magic shows, the mascot trampoline challenge, skits, food, beverage, and other fanfare.
Recently, Maryland and some other schools have moved the start of Midnight Madness to earlier in the day - generally around 7 o'clock - with permission of the NCAA, of course. This is to encourage more families and fans who aren't even students to attend the event. As a result of this change, Midnight Madness has been rebranded as "Maryland Madness".
Newspaper Shaking
Maryland students attempt to read the newspaper as the opposing team is being introduced. They shake the paper as the visiting team is introduced.
Other sport traditions.
The Crew
The Crew is an exceptionally dedicated group of Men's Soccer fans. They generally sit behind the goal the opposing team is defending (switching sides at halftime) and berate the opposing goalie, referring to him by formal (given) name. Members of the Crew often travel to away games to continue to support their Terps. The Crew also organize activities to join the soccer environment.
National championships.
, Maryland claims 47 national championships. Maryland was awarded a national championship by a widely recognized selector for the following seasons:
RifleTeam (women's) 1925
Rifle Team 1947, 1949, 1953, 1954
Radio Network Affiliates.
Terrapins Sports Radio Network

</doc>
<doc id="5928402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928402" title="Dunham's Sports">
Dunham's Sports

Dunham's Sports is a regional sporting goods superstore chain owned by Dunham's Athleisure Corporation, with stores located in the Midwestern to Southeastern United States. The chain specializes in athletic equipment, clothing, guns, and other sports-related items. The chain has over 200 locations in Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, West Virginia, and Wisconsin.
Founded in 1937 as Dunham's Bait & Tackle, the Michigan based corporation has grown over the years to become the Midwest's largest sporting goods chain.

</doc>
<doc id="5928405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928405" title="Voices of the Apalachicola">
Voices of the Apalachicola

Voices of the Apalachicola is a book by Faith Eidse chronicling the history of the Apalachicola River in Northern Florida, United States. It was the winner of the 2007 Samuel Proctor Award.
Its release of publication in 2006 coincided with increased awareness of the Florida-Georgia dispute over use of the river's resources, and the dying way of life of oyster fisherman in the Apalachicola River Basin, both of which were covered extensively by local press. The book contains oral histories of people who have worked and lived by the river, and builds a history of the culture and environment of the region, which is often regarded as one of the most endangered river systems in the United States.
"Voices of the Apalachicola" (ISBN 0813032121) is published by University Press of Florida, 352 pages.

</doc>
<doc id="5928411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928411" title="Laura Izibor">
Laura Izibor

Laura Elizabeth Arabosa Izibor (born 13 May 1987) is an Irish recording artist, musician and producer. She won the RTÉ 2fm song contest while still in secondary school. She went on to win an award at the 2006 Meteor Music Awards. She also performed at that year's Electric Picnic music festival and Music Ireland 2007. Izibor has opened for Aretha Franklin, India.Arie, Estelle, Maxwell, and John Legend on tour.
Her debut album, "Let the Truth Be Told", was released in Ireland on 8 May 2009. Izibor has appeared in The CW television show, "One Tree Hill", where she plays Erin Macree.
Life and career.
1987–2003: Early life and career beginnings.
Laura Elizabeth Arabosa Izibor was born in 13 May 1987 in Dublin, Ireland. She is the fourth of five children born to Irish mother Trish and Nigerian father Saul. Izibor's parents separated when she was seven and she was raised by her mother. As a child, she faced racial discrimination. She recalled being "paranoid about one teacher in particular, who I think was a racist" as well as "a few kids who made stupid little comments here and there". After singing "When You Believe", a duet by Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston, in her drama class, she discovered her interest for music; she began writing songs at age 13 and taught herself how to play the piano at 14. At age 15, public service broadcaster Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ) held a song competition by radio station RTÉ 2fm, which Izibor won. Her winning song, "Compatible", received constant airplay after she won the competition;Laura met her manager Edison Waters of Vibe Music Management. RTÉ also filmed a documentary of Izibor after winning the competition.
2004–present: "Let the Truth Be Told".
At age 17, Izibor was signed to Jive Records and dropped out of school to record her debut album. After a dispute with the label, she signed with Atlantic Records and subsequently moved to New York after her mentor, Steve Lunt, was offered a job at the label. She won an award at the 2006 Meteor Music Award and became the first unsigned recording artist to receive a nomination. Izibor's debut album, "Let the Truth Be Told", was released in May 2009. The album debuted at number two on the Irish Albums Chart. The album debuted on the U.K Album Chart at 100 and number 27 on the U.S Billboard 200. Her single "From My Heart to Yours" had been released six months earlier, on 10 November 2008 and peaked at number twenty-five on the U.S Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. Her second single 'Shine' was released on 16 March 2009 and peaked at number twenty-one on the Irish Singles Chart. It remained in the charts for four weeks. The song had originally been written for the film "The Nanny Diaries" but was eventually added to the album. It featured on many television adverts, as well as television dramas. A third single "Don't Stay" was released on 11 May 2009 and peaked at number fifty-eight on the U.S Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. 'If Tonight Is My Last' was announced as the album's fourth single but was never released. The song, however, featured on a commercial for U.S hit T.V show "One Tree Hill" and is considered one of Izibor's best songs. She was nominated for 'Best U.K Newcomer'at the MOBO Awards 2009 and 'Best Female Act' at the 2010 Meteor Awards, as well as 'Best Irish Pop Act'. She performed at Bestival 2009 on 11 September 2009 and at the Electric Picnic 2009 on
4 September 2009. She performed a new single 'Gracefully' at the Jazz Cafe in London, on 12 September. A little over a year later, on 19 October 2010, Izibor debuted her new single "Can't Be Loved" in the sixth episode of One Tree Hill's eighth season. The track was rumoured to be the lead single on Izibor's new album but she neither confirmed nor denied this. In an interview with music website Metromix, on 29 July 2011, Izibor revealed that the name of her second album would be "Love, Learn, Live" and would hopefully be released soon. However, by summer 2012, no album had been released. However, Izibor did release an EP on 7 August 2012, called "The Brooklyn Sessions Vol. 1", which continued three songs: "Gracefully", "He'll Never Know" and "Ring".
Film and television.
Laura debuts in One Tree Hill during the 8th Season (2010). Her song "Can't be Love", which she created specifically for the show, debuted during the 6th episode on 20 October 2010.
Musical style.
Izibor cites James Brown, Aretha Franklin and Carole King as her inspirations. She described Phil Lynott as her idol, while naming Roberta Flack, Nina Simone, Candi Staton and Thin Lizzy her "musical heroes".
Izibor music has been compared to recording artists Aretha Franklin, Corinne Bailey Rae and Alicia Keys; her writing is compared to that of Carole King and Joan Armatrading. Nicole Frehsée of "Rolling Stone" magazine described Izibor's debut album, "Let the Truth Be Told", as "a sunny, chick-flick-worthy take on vintage soul". Noted UK R&B writer Pete Lewis of 'Blues & Soul' described the album as "Anchored firmly in classic R&B and effectively combining a reverence for the traditions of vintage, warm piano-driven soul with a fresh twist of modern sensibility". While Pete Daniel Smith of "Sunday Mercury" described the album as a "dazzling R&B debut", noting a "a remarkable soul vocal that'll send shivers down your spine".
Awards and nominations.
!Source

</doc>
<doc id="5928424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928424" title="WIIC-LP">
WIIC-LP

WIIC-LP is a low-power television station in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, broadcasting locally on channel 29 from facilities in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh. WIIC-LP is a former affiliate of MTV2. Like most over-the-air MTV2 affiliates, it was an affiliate of The Box until that network's acquisition by Viacom in 2001. The station is owned by Abacus Television Network.
After leaving MTV2, WIIC-LP aired programming from NOYZ, a hybrid music/text messaging channel, until the station went silent in late 2007 (NOYZ ceased operations a few months later). The station's license was initially canceled in 2010; however, Abacus Television Network filed a petition of reconsideration, and the WIIC license was reinstated in Fall 2011.
The WIIC callsigns are a direct reference to the city's longtime NBC affiliate WPXI, whose callsigns were WIIC-TV from 1957 to 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="5928425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928425" title="South Carolina's 9th congressional district">
South Carolina's 9th congressional district

The 9th Congressional District of South Carolina was a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in South Carolina. It was created in 1813 as a result of the 1810 Census and eliminated in 1843 as a result of the 1840 Census. The district was last represented by Patrick C. Caldwell.

</doc>
<doc id="5928431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928431" title="In My Blood (En Mi Sangre)">
In My Blood (En Mi Sangre)

In My Blood (En Mi Sangre) is the third studio album by Gibraltarian Flamenco metal quintet Breed 77. This album was produced by the legendary Ron Saint-Germain (The Saint) noted for his work with Soundgarden, Tool, Creed and Bad Brains. It was slated for release July 3, 2006, but was eventually released on September 11, 2006. "In My Blood (En Mi Sangre)" has produced three singles so far, these being "Alive", "Look at Me Now", and "Blind". It was recorded in Monnow Valley Studio and Albert's Studio in London.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Paul Isola, Danny Felice, Pedro Caparros López & Stuart Cavilla.

</doc>
<doc id="5928440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928440" title="Labial approximant">
Labial approximant

Labial approximant may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="5928448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928448" title="Conococheague">
Conococheague

Conococheague may refer to some locations in the eastern United States, as well as a geological formation that outcrops in the same area:

</doc>
<doc id="5928452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928452" title="VA113">
VA113

VA-113 has the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="5928459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928459" title="Jean F. Dubé">
Jean F. Dubé

Jean F. Dubé (born 29 June 1962, in Campbellton, New Brunswick) was a Progressive Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2000. 
A career businessman, he is the son of Fernand Dubé who served for thirteen years in the Cabinet of New Brunswick Premier Richard Hatfield. He served as President of the Campbellton Regional Chamber of Commerce, President of the Campbellton Business Improvement Corporation, and was the founding President of the Bay of Chaleur Alzheimer Society. 
Dubé was elected in the Madawaska—Restigouche electoral district in the 1997 general election. He served in the 36th Canadian Parliament until he was defeated by Liberal candidate Jeannot Castonguay in the 2000 election.
He won a 2001 New Brunswick provincial by-election in the Campbellton provincial riding, but lost to Liberal Roy Boudreau in the 2003 general provincial election.

</doc>
<doc id="5928476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928476" title="Carlo Chiostri">
Carlo Chiostri

Carlo Chiostri (Florence, 1863–1939) was an Italian artist and illustrator. He is best known for having illustrated the first large print edition of Pinocchio in 1901.
Sources.
The Adventures of Pinocchio - C. Collodi (ISBN 3-257-00863-5)

</doc>
<doc id="5928477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928477" title="Ius (canon law)">
Ius (canon law)

Ius or jus is Latin for one sense of the English word, law. In the Canon Law of the Catholic Church, ius refers to custom, practice or "Tradition." 
The early law of the Church, especially prior to the First Council of Nicaea in 325 a.d., was largely unwritten, at least in the form of law, but existed in the practices, customs and teachings of the early Christian community. What largely was communicated generation to generation was an oral tradition passed from the apostles to the Bishops, and from Bishops and priests to the faithful through their preaching and way of life. Some of what is included in the term "ius" would be interpretations of particular scriptural passages, theological understandings of the liturgy and liturgical practices themselves. Evidence for the content of this oral tradition of teaching is found among the writings of the Early Church Fathers as well as in the later legislation of the Church or "lex".
"Ius" is typically understood in contradistinction to "lex". The Early Church, which existed more or less under persecution in the Roman Empire prior to Constantine I in the early fourth century, was not in a position to gather large councils for the purpose of legislation or theological clarification prior to 325 a. d. Laws formalized as "lex" after 325 a.d. are sometimes falsely interpreted as having a "new" content. This is usually not the case. Most Church legislation is either a development of prior teaching, or practice or re-affirmation of teaching or practice unless otherwise expressly stated.

</doc>
<doc id="5928479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928479" title="Secondary palate development">
Secondary palate development

The development of the secondary palate commences in the sixth week of human embryological development. It is characterised by the formation of two palatal shelves on the maxillary prominences, the elevation of these shelves to a horizontal position, and then a process of palatal fusion between the horizontal shelves. The shelves will also fuse anteriorly upon the primary palate, with the incisive foramen being the landmark between the primary palate and secondary palate. This forms what is known as the roof of the mouth, or the hard palate.
The formation and development of the secondary palate occurs through signalling molecules SHH, BMP-2, FGF-8 among others.
Failure of the secondary palate to develop correctly may result in a Cleft palate disorder.
Formation of palatal shelves.
The formation of the vertical palatal shelves occurs during week 7 of embryological development, on the maxillary processes of the head of embryo, lateral to the developing tongue.
Palatal shelf elevation.
The elevation of the palatal shelves from a vertical position to a horizontal one occurs during week 8 of embryological development. It is unknown as to what exactly is the direct cause of this movement is, but a number of possibilities have been identified as follows:
Suggested mechanisms for palatal fusion.
Fusion between the two palatal shelves occurs during week 9 of embryonic development. In this time, the elevated palatal shelves join together to form one continuous structure, with the medial edge epithelium (the shelf surfaces which are closest to each other) disappearing.
The specific mechanism by which the medial edge epithelium disappears has been differed over by academics. The three most distinguished theories related to the explanation of palatal fusion are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="5928482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928482" title="Charles Stopford">
Charles Stopford

Charles Albert Stopford (born c. 1962) is an impostor who, in 1982, assumed a false identity using a technique described in the book "The Day of the Jackal", involving the birth certificate of a deceased baby (Christopher Edward Buckingham) who would have been approximately the same age as him. Several years later, he began to use the title "Lord Buckingham".
He lived in the United Kingdom for 16 years until a passport inconsistency brought him to the attention of the British police in 2005 when he attempted to board a cross-Channel ferry in Calais, France. He was working as an information technology security consultant in Switzerland at the time. He refused to give his real name and was as a result sentenced to 21 months in prison on November 8, 2005 but this was reduced in January, 2006 to 9 months after the UK Court of Appeal found that the original sentencing judge, Ms. Adele Williams, had acted ultra vires. 
Attempts to determine his identity continued with the secret services attempting to investigate whether or not he was an ex-East German spy. His father pointed out to police that he was a former U.S. Navy sailor from Florida, who had disappeared in 1983. He said he was 100% sure from photographs that he was his son, with his son's identity confirmed as Charles Albert Stopford after fingerprint comparisons were taken. His ex-wife and children have expressed hurt at the deception.
After his jail time was finished he was deported to the US, evading the waiting press to secretly meet the entire Stopford family on his arrival in a nearby hotel. Before he was caught he married and had two children, but he had divorced in 1997 and broken off all contact; he has had constant contact and regular visits with them since his prison term.

</doc>
<doc id="5928500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928500" title="Anglican ministry">
Anglican ministry

The Anglican ministry is both the leadership and agency of Christian service in the Anglican Communion. "Ministry" commonly refers to the office of ordained clergy: the "threefold order" of bishops, priests and deacons. More accurately, Anglican ministry includes many laypeople who devote themselves to the ministry of the church. Ultimately, all baptized members of the church are considered to partake in the ministry of the Body of Christ. "...t might be useful if Anglicans dropped the word "minister" when referring to the clergy...In our tradition, ordained persons are either bishops, priests, or deacons, and should be referred to as such." 
Each of the provinces of the Anglican Communion has a high degree of independence from the other provinces, and each of them have slightly different structures for ministry, mission and governance. However, personal leadership is always vested in a member of the clergy (a bishop at provincial and diocesan levels, and a priest at parish level) and consensus derived by synodical government. At different levels of the church's structure, laity, clergy and bishops meet together with prayer to deliberate over church governance. These gatherings are variously called conferences, synods, convocations, councils, chapters and vestries.
History and background.
The effect of Henry VIII's Act in Restraint of Appeals and first Act of Supremacy was to establish royal authority in all matters spiritual and temporal, even assigning the power of ecclesiastical visitation over the Church in the English Realm. Queen Elizabeth I, while declining the title of Supreme Head, was declared to be "Supreme Governor of this realm ... as well in all spiritual or ecclesiastical things or causes as temporal". Thus, although the Church of England was regarded in the sixteenth century as a church of the Reformation, it nonetheless maintained the historic church structure including the maintenance of the threefold order of the ministry, with bishops, consecrated in Apostolic Succession, ordaining deacons and priests. Thus, Anglican ordained ministry resembles that found in churches of the Catholic tradition (see "Minister (Catholic Church)"). While the Puritan ascendency in England briefly introduced a parallel presbyterian polity, Anglicanism worldwide is defined in part by the historic structure, although outside the British Isles it has no Supreme Governor.
In recent years, due to increasing theological differences within the Anglican communion, there have been a number of instances of "valid but irregular" ordinations performed by clergy acting outside the normal authority structures of the church.
Under the Overseas and Other Clergy (Ministry and Ordination) Measure 1967 the Church of England 'recognizes and accepts' as valid the Orders of two Churches which, although Anglican in identity, are not members of the Anglican Communion: the Church of England in South Africa and the Free Church of England.
Ministry and the sacraments.
In Anglican sacramental theology, certain ministerial functions can only be performed by individuals ordained into one or more of the three holy orders. There are two kinds of ministers in this sense. The ordinary minister of a sacrament has both the spiritual power to perform the sacrament (i.e. a valid sacrament) and the legal authority to perform the sacrament (i.e. a licit sacrament). An extraordinary minister has the spiritual power but may only perform the sacrament in certain special instances under canon law (i.e. emergencies). If a person who is neither an ordinary nor an extraordinary minister attempts to perform a sacrament, no preternatural effect happens (i.e. the putative sacrament is not merely illicit, but invalid).
In the Anglican Communion, the following are ministers of the sacraments ("clergy" refers to either a deacon, priest, or bishop):
Threefold order.
Bishops.
Bishops provide the leadership for the Anglican Communion, in accordance with episcopal polity. All bishops, constituting a worldwide College of Bishops, are considered to be equal in orders. However, bishops have a variety of different responsibilities, and in these some bishops are more senior than others. All bishops, of diocesan rank and below, are styled the "Right Reverend"; more senior bishops and archbishops are styled as the "Most Reverend". Most bishops oversee a diocese, some are consecrated to assist diocesan bishops in large or busy dioceses, and some are relieved of diocesan responsibilities so they can minister more widely (especially primates who concentrate on leading a member church of the Communion). A few member churches of the Anglican Communion ordain women as bishops, many more have prepared the legislation for women bishops but have not yet ordained a woman to the episcopate (see Ordination of women in the Anglican Communion).
Anglican bishops are often identified by the purple clergy shirt and cassock they are entitled to wear. However, bishops are permitted to wear other colours, and a former Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, is frequently seen wearing a black cassock. Bishops also usually wear a pectoral cross and episcopal ring. The choir dress or convocation habit for bishops, which used to be their only vesture until pre-Reformation vestments were revived, consists of the cassock, rochet, chimere and tippet. Bishops carry a crosier as the sign of their ministry, and, on formal occasions, often wear a mitre and cope. When presiding at the Eucharist, most Anglican bishops now wear albs, stoles and chasubles.
Archbishop of Canterbury.
The Archbishop of Canterbury is the "primus inter pares", or "first among equals", of the Anglican Communion. Although he has no authority outside of the Church of England, he hosts and chairs the Lambeth Conference and Anglican Communion Primates' Meeting, and is president of the Anglican Communion Office. In this way, the Archbishop of Canterbury can be seen as being at the centre of the network of Anglican ministry. Being an Anglican means being in communion with the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Primates.
Each member church of the Anglican Communion is an independent body headed by a primate. A primate is the most senior bishop of a member church. As well as being "primus inter pares", the Archbishop of Canterbury is "Primate of All England", the senior bishop in the Church of England. For historical reasons, the Church of England and the Church of Ireland (which is headed by the Archbishop of Armagh who is the "Primate of All Ireland") also call their second most senior bishops "primate": the Archbishop of York and the Archbishop of Dublin are the "Primate of England" and "Ireland", without the "All", respectively.
Although some member churches of the Anglican Communion title their primates as "Primate" or "Primate Bishop", most churches use other titles for their primates. Following the style of the Archbishop of Canterbury, many Anglican primates are styled "Archbishop". They are either named after the most important episcopal see in the church (like the Archbishop of Cape Town) or named after the province they lead (like the Archbishop of Nigeria). The Scottish Episcopal Church uniquely calls its primate "Primus". Other churches have followed the example of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America by calling the primate "Presiding Bishop", or "President Bishop". These latter titles emphasize the collegiate nature of episcopate rather than the personal authority of the primate. The primates of the Church of South India, Church of North India, Church of Pakistan and Church of Bangladesh are called "Moderators", reflecting their Methodist and Presbyterian heritage. Some primates head a diocese, but some are relieved from diocesan responsibility to concentrate on leading the wider church (the Primate of the Anglican Church of Canada for example).
In recent years, the Anglican Church in Aotearoa, New Zealand and Polynesia has moved from the traditional leadership of an Archbishop of New Zealand, to a Presiding Bishop, and now to a triumvirate of "Co-Presiding Bishops" representing each of the "tikanga", or cultural streams, in the church — Māori, European and Polynesian. However, the style of "Archbishop" is still sometimes used, especially by the Co-Presiding Bishop for the Dioceses in New Zealand.
In 2006, Katharine Jefferts Schori was elected Presiding Bishop in the United States of America; she is the first woman to become a primate in the Anglican Communion.
Metropolitans.
All of the member churches of the Anglican Communion comprise one or more ecclesiastical province, a grouping of dioceses for administrative purposes. In some provinces, one of the diocesan bishops has oversight of all of the other bishops of the province, and is known as a metropolitan bishop, or simply a metropolitan. Metropolitans are usually given the title of archbishop and "Most Reverend". Some metropolitans have a fixed see (the Archbishop of Sydney is always metropolitan of the Province of New South Wales for example), while others may have any see in province (the current Archbishop of Wales just happens to be also Bishop of Llandaff for example). The primate is often one of the metropolitans.
In some provinces, all of the diocesan bishops share a collegiate metropolitical authority and there is no single metropolitan bishop. This is the case in all nine of the provinces of the Episcopal Church in the United States, which has no metropolitans, and the single province of the Scottish Episcopal Church. In these churches, the Presiding Bishop or Primus respectively is a primate without metropolitical authority over the dioceses of the church.
Diocesans.
The majority of bishops in the Anglican Communion are the spiritual, pastoral, and executive heads of dioceses. A diocesan bishop is the "Ordinary" of his or her diocese, and has wide-ranging legal and administrative responsibilities. Some dioceses can be very large and other quite small: the Diocese of Cyprus and the Gulf covers several countries and the Diocese of Bolivia covers the whole country, while the Diocese of Sodor and Man covers just the Isle of Man. Unless they are metropolitans or primates all diocesans are styled "Right Reverend", with the historical exception that the Bishop of Meath and Kildare is styled "Most Reverend".
Assistant bishops.
In larger or more populous dioceses, diocesan bishops may be assisted by one or more junior bishops. Where the role of an assistant bishop is a legal part of the structure of the diocese, he or she is known as a suffragan bishop. Suffragans usually have a title named after a place within the diocese. For example, the Bishop of Jarrow is a suffragan to the Bishop of Durham. Some dioceses divide into "episcopal areas", with each assigned to a suffragan "area bishop". For example, the Bishop of Toronto has suffragans assisting him by providing certain delegated duties in four different geographical divisions. Sometimes a diocese may appoint a bishop as coadjutor bishop, an assistant bishop who will become diocesan bishop on the retirement of the current diocesan. This arrangement allows for greater continuity of episcopal ministry but is not very common in the Anglican Communion. Where a diocesan has not been elected or appointed, a bishop or senior priest may act as vicar general through the vacancy. Retired bishops or bishops who are pursuing ministry outside the usual episcopal ministry are usually licensed as "honorary assistant bishops" within a diocese (Stephen Sykes, the former Bishop of Ely who is now Principal of St John's College, Durham, is an honorary assistant bishop in Durham).
Priests.
The overwhelming majority of ordained ministers in the Anglican Communion are priests (also called presbyters). Priestly ministry is derived from that of bishops in that they are licensed to a "cure of souls" by a diocesan or area bishop. The collegiate nature of the presbyterate is acknowledged every time a new priest is ordained as other priests share with the ordaining bishop in the laying on of hands. All priests are entitled to be styled The "Reverend" and many male priests are called "Father". Some senior priests have other titles. Many member churches ordain women to the priesthood. There is as yet no widely used alternative title to "Father" for female priests. Priests traditionally wear a (usually) black cassock and/or clergy shirt - although many now wear clergy shirts in other colours. In worship, the traditional vesture for Anglican priests is their choir dress of cassock, surplice, academic hood (if one has been awarded) and a black tippet. However, at the Eucharist, the revived pre-Reformation vestments of alb, stole, chasuble and occasionally the amice and maniple, are worn in large sections of the Communion. Even in cases where a priest is not presiding at the Eucharist, he or she may wear a surplice or alb with a stole.
Archdeacons.
After bishops, archdeacons are the most senior clergy in dioceses, except in the Church of England where the Dean is the senior priest in the diocese. Archdeacons are usually priests, but deacons also occasionally serve as archdeacons (for example, when women have not been allowed to be ordained priests, or when a deacon is given administrative responsibility over other deacons). Archdeacons are usually styled the "Venerable" instead of the "Reverend". Most archdeacons oversee a part of a diocese called an "archdeaconry" in conjunction with their parish responsibilities, although some may hold the title in association with specific administrative responsibilities. For example, in certain dioceses, an "executive archdeacon" assists the bishop in certain administrative functions while not holding a parish appointment. Archdeacons are episcopal vicars, which means that they are responsible for the pastoral and practical management of the church within their archdeaconry or specific area of responsibility.
Not all member churches of the Anglican Communion have archdeacons. The Scottish Episcopal Church has the post of dean which is the most senior priest in each diocese. A Scottish dean's role is similar to that of an archdeacon, but is styled the "Very Reverend".
Deans, provosts, canons and prebendaries.
Each diocese has a cathedral that is the mother church and home to the diocesan bishop's cathedra or throne. Some dioceses have more than one cathedral for historical reasons. As cathedrals are sacramental, liturgical and administrative resource centres for their dioceses, their clergy are usually among the most senior in the diocese. Different member churches of the Anglican Communion have different structures of cathedral clergy. The Church of England has perhaps the most complex system. In England, the senior priest of a cathedral is called the dean (until 2000, some used to be known as provosts instead). The dean is assisted by other senior clergy who are called canons or prebendaries. These have different roles within the cathedral community. For example, a "Canon Treasurer" is responsible for the fabric and finance of the cathedral, a "Canon Precentor" is responsible for the worship of the cathedral and a "Canon Chancellor" is responsible for the archives and libraries of the cathedral. Some non-cathedral clergy are awarded the title of "Honorary Canon" or "Prebendary" as a particular distinction. Some cathedrals have minor canons who are similar in status to an assistant curate in a parish church. Besides cathedrals, the Church of England (and now also the Anglican Church of Canada) has a number of collegiate churches and royal peculiars that function in a similar fashion, but do not have a bishop's throne.
Other member churches of the Anglican Communion have much simpler cathedral arrangements. Most other cathedrals are also parish churches. In the Scottish Episcopal Church, the senior priest of a cathedral is a provost. In the Anglican Church of Canada, a cathedral's senior priest is known as the rector of the cathedral and a dean of the diocese. Deans and provosts are styled the "Very Reverend", while canons and prebendaries (but not minor canons) are styled the "Reverend Canon" or "Prebendary". In many provinces of the Communion, the title of "canon" is a gift of the bishop, which may be given to senior or distinguished clergy — and, in some cases, to lay people ("lay canons").
Many Anglican dioceses group parishes within an archdeaconry into subdivisions known as deaneries. To distinguish them from the posts of cathedral deans they are often called "rural deaneries", "regional deaneries", or "area deaneries", led by rural, regional, or area deans. These are appointed by the bishop from among the parish clergy in the deanery to act as a vehicle of communication between the parishes of the deanery and the archdeacons and bishops, and to facilitate collegiality among his or her colleagues through regular meetings (often called the "clericus" or "chapter"). Regional and rural deans have no special title, and generally hold the appointment on a rotating basis.
A commissary is a priest who represents a bishop on particular issues or in regions outside of the bishop's country.
Parish clergy.
Historically, parish clergy have been given the "cure of souls" of the bishop, and hence are perpetual curates, and the temporal freehold of the parish, and hence are incumbents or parsons. Depending on the tithes they received, they were either rectors (receiving both the greater and lesser tithes), vicars (receiving just the lesser tithes) or perpetual curates (receiving no tithes). In time, the third category was merged in with vicars. Still today, each parish in England and Wales gives to its incumbent the title rector or vicar depending on the historical situation with tithes, but, as all clergy in these churches are paid from central funds, the distinction is meaningless. In some places in England and Wales, "team benefices" have been established. In them, a team of clergy is licensed to a group of parishes, and the senior priest is known as a "team rector" and other priests of 'incumbent status' are known as "team vicars". A parish priest without secure tenure but holding a bishop's licence is termed a priest in charge, temporary curate or bishop's curate.
In the rest of the Anglican Communion, most parish priests are called rectors and/or incumbents. However, in some member churches where mission societies have been instrumental in their continuing development, parish priests are called chaplains. In some provinces, such as the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, a rector is the head of a self-sustaining parish, while a vicar is the head of a mission sustained from diocesan funds.
Assistant or associate clergy.
After ordination most clergy serve as assistants to parish priests before taking up a lead post in a parish. As they share the "cure of souls" with the parish priest they are often known as assistant curates, although in many places they are colloquially known simply as "curates" in distinction from the incumbent, and their term of appointment as an assistant is known as a curacy. Some assistant clergy are experienced priests and deacons who for various reasons are not incumbents. They may include those who are in full-time secular employment and those who hold administrative posts within the diocese. In some parishes, such senior assistants are often known as associate priests. Junior clergy in a cathedral or collegiate church are sometimes called minor canons. If their main financial income comes from sources other than their work as ministers, they may be termed Self Supporting Ministers (SSM).
Deacons.
Since the English Reformation, deacons have been the lowest order of clergy: the minor orders (which only came to be clearly defined at the Council of Trent) having been removed from the hierarchy. Although deacons are fully members of the clergy (they wear clerical collars and are styled the "Reverend"), they are not permitted to preside at the Eucharist, bless people or absolve sins. As these ministries were, and in many ways still are, essential in the life of the church, deacons usually are ordained priests after about a year in the diaconate — they are "transitional deacons". The term is somewhat misleading, since the order is never superseded — all priests are also deacons, and occasionally act in this role in worship. Most deacons serve as assistant curates in parish churches, a ministry that usually continues through into their ordination to the priesthood. Some deacons serve as minor canons in cathedrals or as assistant chaplains in a wide range of non-parochial ministry.
The responsibilities of deacons involve assisting at worship - particularly setting up the altar for the Eucharist and reading the Gospel. They are also accorded responsibility for pastoral care and community outreach, in keeping with their traditional role of manifesting the church in the world.
So-called "vocational deacons" are individuals ordained with the intent of staying in the order rather than seeking the priesthood. Such deacons often have secular careers. In these cases, the vocational deacon has the same responsibilities as their transitional colleagues, but without the element of apprenticeship. Many vocational deacons have careers in the social services, where they can manifest their particular ministry of care and outreach.
As different member churches of the Anglican Communion have different policies on the ordination of women, there are some churches (such as the Anglican Church of the Southern Cone) and some dioceses (such as Sydney) in which women may be ordained deacons, but not priests or bishops.
Lay ministers.
Licensed lay ministers.
Certain laypeople may receive specific commission or authorisation from a bishop (often on recommendation of a parish or its clergy) to perform certain aspects of ministry. The rationale for licensing is that the ministry is considered too specialised or otherwise extraordinary to be carried out in the absence of individual evaluation and recommendation. There is variation across jurisdictions, but there are four common areas.
Deaconesses.
Although derived from the same name as deacons, deaconesses have often been considered lay ministers in the church (probably at least from the time of the First Council of Nicaea, which agreed with this view). Deaconesses disappeared completely from the Western Church by the eleventh century. In 1836, Theodor and Friederike Fliedner founded the first deaconess house in Kaiserswerth on the Rhine. In 1862, the Bishop of London, Archibald Campbell Tait, restored the 'ancient order of deaconesses' with Elizabeth Ferard by the laying on of hands. Women were ordained deaconesses by the Bishop of Alabama (in 1885) and the Bishop of New York (1887), and gradually, more dioceses began to make deaconesses, but there was no clear consensus: some intended that deaconesses be in holy orders, and others did not. In churches that now ordain women, the order of deaconess has largely died out.
Readers.
Licensed Lay Readers, whose prominence varies widely among dioceses and national churches, are licensed by their bishop. They are authorised to lead worship services, apart from the celebration of the Eucharist. Their responsibilities and privileges can include:
Lay administrators.
Licensed lay administrators may be authorised by a bishop to assist in the distribution of Holy Communion. Normally the parish priest submits to the bishop at regular intervals a list of names of persons to be so licensed. In some dioceses or parishes, lay administration is limited to the chalice, and lay administrators may also be permitted to take the consecrated elements from the church to the sick or shut-in to be administered there.
Catechists.
In many parts of the Anglican Communion, day to day parish ministry is carried out by catechists. A catechist in most parts of the Anglican Communion is someone who is licensed by the bishop on recommendation of the priest and local church council. A century ago, a catechist was a teacher paid by the Church, today a village catechist is primarily a pastor in the village. In most parts of the Anglican Communion, the priest comes for Holy Communion only when it is possible. The Catechist organises and conducts worship services on Sundays when there is no priest, and throughout the week, the catechist rings the bell that calls people to Morning and Evening Prayer. In most villages, the catechist also works with youth, educates parents and godparents for the Baptism of their children, rehearses those to be confirmed, and many other duties.
Some dioceses have training centres for catechists, in some dioceses catechists are trained by priests or by more experienced catechists.
Most catechists also assist in the distribution of Holy Communion when the priest comes to a village for celebration. In some parishes, a catechist also distributes Holy Communion with elements previously consecrated by the priest.
Other lay ministers.
Lay people assist in the execution of the liturgy of divine services in numerous ways, as musicians, readers of the lections (not to be confused with "lay readers," above), intercessory leaders, and ushers (often called sidesmen or sidespeople).
For many years some parts of the church have relaxed the official rules about lay ministry. Clergy often see their role as officiant and teach that the congregation are the ministers both in worship and through their daily work. In some churches lay people commonly take on the role of lay-reader as above, and as well perform some of the other functions listed below without necessarily being identified as such by either title or vestments.
Assistants to the sacred ministers may form a distinct category of altar servers, often organised into a guild. Their liturgical responsibilities include some or all of the following:
A distinct kind of assistant at the altar in services of the Eucharist (although he or she may be coincidentally ordained), especially in Anglo-Catholic worship, is the subdeacon. The subdeacon is one of the three sacred ministers of the liturgy (the other two being the presider - a priest or bishop - and the deacon). He or she is responsible for reading the Epistle (or other non-Gospel New Testament passage, normally the "second reading"), and assisting in specific ways in the setting up of the altar and other aspects of the liturgy. Unlike the other laypeople serving in the chancel, who will usually be attired in an alb or cassock, the subdeacon wears a tunicle, a vestment distinct to the office, over the alb, sometimes with a maniple.
Laypeople perform a variety of ministries outside the context of worship - indeed, it is an article of Anglican belief that the Christian initiatory rite of baptism enables each believer to fulfill ministries specific to their skills and talents. Such ministry may include administration, teaching, finances, hospitality, childcare and visiting the sick. The essential ministry of personal or lifestyle evangelism is a role carried out by many Anglicans among their family, neighbours, friends and associates, demonstrating in practical ways the healing nature of the Lord God.

</doc>
<doc id="5928508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928508" title="Tuscarora Gas Pipeline">
Tuscarora Gas Pipeline

Tuscarora Gas Pipeline is a 229 mile (491 kilometer) long, 20 inch natural gas pipeline that runs from Malin, Oregon to Wadsworth, Nevada that delivers natural gas from Canada. It is owned by Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company which in turn is 100% owned by TC PipeLines, LP.
History.
The pipeline was built for $130 million and opened in 1995. It was owned by Tuscarora Gas Transmission Company which in turn was owned by Sierra Pacific Resources (SPC) and TransCanada Corporation.
Sierra Pacific Resources announced on July 10, 2006 that it is considering selling its interest in the pipeline. TC PipeLines, LP acquired the remaining interest in Tuscarora from SPC in 2007 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5928520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928520" title="Bootie Barker">
Bootie Barker

Robert "Bootie" Barker III (born March 2, 1971) is a crew chief in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car racing series. Barker is the crew chief for the No. 13 Germain Racing GEICO Ford Fusion driven by Casey Mears. In the past, Barker has worked for Ashton Lewis, Bill Davis Racing, Jasper Motorsports, and Hendrick Motorsports. Barker was also a television co-host on "NASCAR Performance" a weekly program on the now-defunct Speed Channel.
Early life.
Barker graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering from Old Dominion University, in Norfolk, Virginia, in 1994. He began his motorsports career working in the Late Model Sportsman Series for Ashton Lewis while still in college. He was paralyzed from the waist down after suffering injuries in a car accident while a senior in high school (South Boston, Virginia). Barker has since overcome his injuries to be a respected crew chief and one of NASCAR's most brilliant minds.
Racing career.
For most of 2006, Barker was the crew chief for the No. 66 Haas CNC Racing Chevrolet driven by Jeff Green. His visibility to NASCAR fans increased in 2006. Barker wrote a weekly column for "NASCAR.com" titled "Urban Legends," in which he addressed myths and questions about various aspects of racing. Barker is also a frequent guest on NASCAR RaceDay, a preview show for weekly NASCAR events on the Speed Channel.
In August 2007, Johnny Sauter, Barker and the #70 team were featured as part of ABC's NASCAR in Primetime, a television show that gives a behind-the-scenes look at the preparation, logistics, drama and competition of NASCAR.
On October 1, 2008, Michael Waltrip Racing (MWR) announced that Barker would be the crew chief of the #55 NAPA Auto Parts Toyota driven by two-time Daytona 500 champion Michael Waltrip for the 2009 Sprint Cup Series season.

</doc>
<doc id="5928552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928552" title="Theological College of Northern Nigeria">
Theological College of Northern Nigeria

The Theological College of Northern Nigeria (TCNN) is a private, Christian college in Bukuru, Plateau State, Nigeria.
History.
TCNN was constituted on November 26, 1958 and came into being in February 1959 when classes started at Gindiri. TCNN moved to its permanent site at Bukuru and was dedicated in 1961. TCNN started with two programmes, the Diploma of Theology and Certificate in Theology (now Diploma in Christian Ministry).
TEKAN was founded by the National Daughter Churches of the Sudan United Mission and the Church of the Brethren Mission. In 1980 the college started a Bachelor of Divinity programme along with the other two programmes. In September 1991 the college began to offer Master's degrees in theology.
The college is overseen by Tarayar Ekklesiyoyin Kristi a Nigeria" (TEKAN, The Fellowship of the Churches of Christ in Nigeria). TEKAN is made up of eleven denominations found mostly in the northern part of the country. It is these denominations, which are the proprietors of the college, along with the Anglican Dioceses of Nigeria and the Presbyterian Church, which are associate members of that proprietorship.
Campus.
The chapel is the dominant feature of the campus and the center of campus life. The college is situated 2 km east of Bukuru near Jos. Jos, the Plateau State capital city, is 15 km from the college. The tree-lined campus lies at the foot of a rocky hill. The setting is both beautiful and quiet — ideal for studying. The college occupies about of land. The main and original site contains 15 staff houses and two blocks of rooms for single students with kitchen area and students' lounge. In the married students' quarters there are 62 houses. Other buildings are the Women's School, Carpentry Workshop, Dispensary, Chapel, Library, an administrative block containing offices for the Provost, Deputy Provost, Academic Dean, Administrative Officers, Bursar, Registrar and Secretaries, an ACTS bookshop, classroom blocks with an assembly hall and a supplies room.
The College has a nursery and a primary school for children of staff and students. To qualify for the lower fees, the children must be the parents' own blood children. Children from the neighbourhood are also admitted. The college also has a day and boarding secondary school for the children of staff, those from the area around the college, and from the outlying areas of Bukuru and Jos.
Academic information.
From its inception, TCNN has offered certificates and diplomas in theology. In 1980 TCNN began to offer a Bachelor of Divinity degree (BDD) in affiliation with the University of Jos. In 1991 TCNN began to offer a Master of Theology (MTH) with the intention of being affiliated with the University of Jos.
Since 1980, the Theological College of Northern Nigeria has been affiliated with the University of Jos. It is recognised not only by TEKAN but also by many other church denominations as an excellent institution for the training of future ministers, both academically and spiritually.
At present, there are about 300 students at the college.

</doc>
<doc id="5928553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928553" title="Kobina Nyarko">
Kobina Nyarko

Kobina Nyarko is one of Ghana's premier young contemporary artists. Born March 14, 1972 in Takoradi, Ghana, much of Nyarko's recent work explores the symbolism of fish in paintings that feature numerous tiny fish on often large-scale canvases. This "trademark" theme makes his work easy to recognize.
Nyarko was formally trained at Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology. He graduated in 2003 with a BA in Industrial Art. 
In May 2007, Kobina Nyarko was featured in an exhibition at the San Diego Museum of Man, Artists Speak: Contemporary art from Ghana and Zimbabwe. His work is considered to be illustrative of 3rd generation Ghanaian artists, who freely express themselves as artists in a modern world, without succumbing to restrictive notions of African art.
Personal life.
Kobina Nyarko currently lives in Takoradi with his wife and son.

</doc>
<doc id="5928555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928555" title="Sports in Minnesota">
Sports in Minnesota

Sports in Minnesota include professional teams in all major sports, Olympic Games contenders and medalists, especially in the Winter Olympics, collegiate teams in major and small-school conferences and associations, and active amateur teams and individual sports. The State of Minnesota has a team in all four major professional leagues (MLB, NFL, NBA, and NHL), and the University of Minnesota is part of the oldest major college conference still running (the Big Ten).
Major Professional Sports.
Baseball.
The Minnesota Twins are a Major League Baseball (MLB) team that moved to Minnesota in 1961 from Washington D.C., where they were known as the Washington Senators. The Twins played their home games at Metropolitan Stadium in Bloomington from 1961–1981 and the Metrodome in Minneapolis from 1982–2009, then moved to Target Field in 2010. They have been to the World Series in 1965, 1987, and 1991, winning in 1987 and 1991. In 2001, the Twins and the Montreal Expos were threatened with extinction in a contraction scheme of the Commissioner of Baseball. That effort was unsuccessful, and the next year the team made it to the ALCS. Notable current and former Twins include Kirby Puckett, Bert Blyleven, Rod Carew, Tony Oliva, Harmon Killebrew, Paul Molitor, Johan Santana, Joe Mauer, Justin Morneau, Torii Hunter, Joe Nathan, David Ortiz, and Kent Hrbek. At one time, there was a Major League Baseball team based out of Saint Paul called the Saints; the team has since moved to Chicago and are now the Chicago White Sox.
The current St. Paul Saints are an American Association team. The team was formerly of the Northern League. The team was founded in 1993 as an inaugural team in the league. They won the Northern League Championship in 1993, 1995, 1996, and in 2004. Notable current and former players include Kevin Millar, Darryl Strawberry, Jason Varitek, Jack Morris, and Ila Borders. The Saints play their home games at Midway Stadium in St. Paul and are not affiliated with Major League Baseball.
Basketball.
The Minnesota Timberwolves are a National Basketball Association (NBA) team founded in 1989 and play their home games at Target Center in Minneapolis. The "Wolves", as they are called by fans, have yet to appear in an NBA Finals series but made it to the Western Conference Finals in 2004. In 2000, NBA officials ruled that the Wolves violated league rules when signing then free agent Joe Smith. They then declared the contract was henceforth invalid, fined the organization $3.5 million, and took the team's next 3 first round draft picks. Notable current and former players include Kevin Love, Sam Cassell, Kevin Garnett, Ricky Rubio, Stephon Marbury, Latrell Sprewell, Terry Porter, Sam Mitchell, Wally Szczerbiak and Malik Sealy.
The Minnesota Lynx are a Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) team founded in 1999 and play their home games at Target Center in Minneapolis. The Lynx have won two WNBA Championships, doing so during the 2011 and 2013 seasons. In 2005, the Lynx drafted Seimone Augustus from LSU. She has become the center of the franchise, and has been the center of many WNBA ads.
The Minneapolis Lakers were an NBA team that was moved from Detroit, Michigan to Minneapolis in 1947. During their stay in Minneapolis, the Lakers won the 1947–48 National Basketball League (NBL) championship, then joined 4 other NBL teams in joining the Basketball Association of America (BAA), where they won the 1948–49 BAA championship. After the 1948–49 season, the NBL and the BAA merged to become the NBA. The Lakers then won 5 championships in 6 years, winning in 1949, 1950, 1952, 1953, and 1954. They are considered to be the NBA's first "Dynasty". Notable players include George Mikan, Jim Pollard, Vern Mikkelsen, Slater Martin, Clyde Lovellette and Elgin Baylor. In 1960, the Lakers moved to Los Angeles, California, where they became the Los Angeles Lakers.
Football.
The Minnesota Vikings are a National Football League (NFL) team founded as an expansion team in 1961. The Vikings will play their home games at TCF Bank Stadium while their new stadium is being built. The Vikings have won one NFL Championship in 1969, a year before the AFL-NFL Merger. The Vikings were the first team to appear in four Super Bowls, but also lost all of them. Their last appearance in the Super Bowl was Super Bowl XI against the Oakland Raiders (who were coached by Austin native and TV commentator John Madden) in 1977. Notable current and former players include Warren Moon, Randall Cunningham, Jim Marshall, Ron Yary, Mick Tingelhoff, Paul Krause, Cris Carter, Carl Eller, Fran Tarkenton, Chuck Foreman, Randy Moss, Daunte Culpepper, Darren Sharper, Jim Kleinsasser, Brad Johnson, Alan Page, the Purple People Eaters, Adrian Peterson, Randall McDaniel, and Brett Favre.
Before the Vikings, Minnesota also hosted the Minneapolis Marines/Red Jackets and the Duluth Kelleys/Eskimos. Three players who played for Duluth are in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. The Duluth teams played at Athletic Park, while the Minneapolis teams played at Nicollet Park. In 2014 The Bemidji Axmen of Bemidji, Minnesota started play as an expansion team of the Indoor Football League
The Minnesota Vixen are a Women's Professional Football League founded in 1998. They have not appeared in the WPFL Championship. They are the oldest professional women's football team in the United States.
Hockey.
The Minnesota Wild are a National Hockey League (NHL) team founded in 2000 and play their home games at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul. The Wild have not appeared in the Stanley Cup Finals. With their first draft pick in franchise history, the Wild Drafted Marian Gaborik, a player that currently holds the team's record for most points in a season. The Wild made it to the Western Conference Finals in 2003, before being swept by the then Mighty Ducks of Anaheim.
The Minnesota Whitecaps are an all women's team that plays in the Western Women's Hockey League.
The Minnesota North Stars were an NHL team that was part of the 1967 NHL Expansion and played their home games at Met Center in Bloomington. They appeared in the 1981 and 1991 Stanley Cup Finals, but did not win either one of them. In 1993, the North Stars moved to Dallas, where they became the Dallas Stars. Notable players include Harry Howell, John Mariucci, Gump Worsley, and Mike Modano.
The U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame is located in Eveleth, on the Iron Range.
Other professional and semi-pro sports.
Association football (soccer).
The Minnesota United FC were founded in 2010 as a replacement for the Minnesota Thunder, which folded after the 2009 season. The United originally planned to play in a new incarnation of the North American Soccer League, but due to conflicts between the NASL and the United Soccer Leagues, the NASL did not launch. The United States Soccer Federation stepped in and sanctioned a temporary league for the 2010 season, the USSF Division 2 Professional League, featuring teams from both organizations. The United are playing their home games in 2014 at the National Sports Center in Blaine for the fall season, where the Thunder previously played.
The Minnesota Kings FC are a team that plays in the National Premier Soccer League (NPSL). They were founded in 2009 and currently play their home games at Community Education Field in St Michael.
The Thunder were a USL First Division team founded in 1992 as an amateur men's team, then joined the USL in 1994, and won the championship of what was then the A-League in 1999. Notable former players include Tony Sanneh and Manuel Lagos.
The Minnesota Lightning were a W-League team founded in 2006. They also played at the National Sports Center. The team folded after the 2009 season.
Bandy.
Bandy has been played on a regular basis in the United States since the early 1980s and the game is most popular in Minnesota, where the winter climate makes it possible to play outdoors for many months a year.
Most games in the American Bandy League are played at the Guidant John Rose Minnesota Oval and most of the national champions are teams from the state, like Minneapolis Bandolier, Dynamo Duluth, Minnesota Blades, and Sirius Minnesota. The Bandolier are the most successful team in the United States, having been crowned United States champions ten times as of 2014.
Guidant John Rose Minnesota Oval was also the main venue of the Bandy World Championship 1995 and the Bandy World Championship for women 2006.
Lacrosse.
The Minnesota Swarm is the state's professional lacrosse team. All home games for the Minnesota Swarm are played at the Xcel Energy Center. The National Lacrosse League (NLL) awarded St. Paul the inactive Montreal Express franchise on August 10, 2004. On December 10 of the same year the team played its first exhibition game against the Colorado Mammoth. In the 2005 season the Swarm missed the playoffs, finishing fifth in the eastern division. In the 2006 season, it qualified for the playoffs for the first time, but was eliminated by the Buffalo Bandits in the first round. In 2008, the swarm finished the season as the best team in their division.
Golf.
Minnesota plays host to several professional golf events. The Champions Tour has an annual stop in Minnesota. What was formerly was the Burnett Senior Classic played at Bunker Hills is now the 3M Championship played at TPC Twin Cities. Minnesota was the host of the LPGA Classic from 1990–1998 at Edinburgh USA. The Nationwide Tour stops annually at Tom Lehman's Somerby Golf Club and Community. Though Minnesota is not a stop on the men's PGA tour, the state has hosted several major events. The U.S. Open has been played in the state four times, twice at Hazeltine National Golf Club, in 1970 and 1991, once at Interlachen Country Club (1930) in Bobby Jones' historic win, and once at The Minikahda Club (1916). Hazeltine played host to the PGA Championship in 2002 and 2009, and The Ryder Cup will then visit Hazeltine in 2016. Keller Golf Course in St. Paul hosted the 1932 and 1954 PGA Championships, the 1949 Western Open, and the St. Paul Open from 1930-1968 (a regular PGA stop). Interlachen Country Club hosted the Solheim Cup in 2002 and the U.S. Women's Open in 2008.
Disc Golf.
Disc golf courses in the Twin Cities play host to the Minnesota Majestic on the third weekend every June. It is part of the Professional Disc Golf Association's National Tour, the top level of pro/am disc golf events in America. The tournament has frequented Kaposia Park, Blue Ribbon Pines and Hyland Ski Area, among other courses. The 2010 Minnesota Majestic was the 23rd annual.
Ultimate Frisbee.
The Minnesota Wind Chill were founded in 2013 as an expansion team for the American Ultimate Disc League (AUDL). The team plays in the Midwestern Division of the AUDL. Home games are played on the campus of the University of St. Thomas.
Motorsports.
NASCAR.
There are currently two racetracks in Minnesota that hold NASCAR sanctioned events. Elko Speedway in Elko is a 3/8 mile paved oval, which has held NASCAR events for over twenty years. Raceway Park (Minnesota) in Shakopee is a 1/4 mile paved oval.
NASCAR drivers from Minnesota include:
NHRA.
Minnesota is known for being the home of the Brainerd International Raceway, which opened in 1963. It has hosted drag racing, road racing, and kart racing. NHRA drivers from Minnesota include:
Open Wheel.
Perhaps the most successful driver from Minnesota is Tommy Milton. Milton became the first driver to win two Indianapolis 500s with his wins in 1921 and 1923. Amazingly, Milton was completely blind in his right eye. In 2007 Rochester's Leilani Munter became the fourth woman in history to compete in the Indy Pro Series, the development league of IndyCar.
The aforementioned Brainerd International Raceway also hosts a 3-mile road course, which held a USAC race in 1969 among other events.
Rally.
Rally America, based out of Golden Valley, holds an annual event in the woodlands near Bemidji. Known as the Ojibwe Forests Rally, the event is held near the end of August each year. Rally America also holds events in Michigan, Missouri, Oregon, Washington, Pennsylvania, Maine, and Colorado. X-Games superstar, Travis Pastrana, is a regular in the series.
World of Outlaws.
There is a yearly World of Outlaws (WoO) sprint car event held at Princeton Raceway. Known as the PolyDome Princeton Nationals, the event is most likely held at the track due to WoO driver, Craig Dollansky, being from nearby Elk River. The 1/4 mile track leads to some exciting, action-packed racing.
College.
The state of Minnesota has 27 schools competing in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). Minnesota is one of eleven US states that do not have a school listed as an National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) member, though there are schools transitioning from the NAIA to the NCAA.
Division I.
The Minnesota Golden Gophers compete in NCAA Division I as member of the Big Ten Conference for all sports including hockey. In the latter sport the school is a member of the NCAA's Division I Western Collegiate Hockey Association. The Golden Gophers have won 24 total national collegiate championships, including 6 in football, 5 in men's hockey, 3 in baseball, 3 in women's hockey, 2 in men's basketball, 1 in men's golf, 1 in men's track and field, and 3 in men's wrestling. The entire list of collegiate national championships can be found here. The Golden Gophers have also won 178 conference titles. A list of notable former Golden Gophers can be found at Minnesota Golden Gophers#Notable Gopher athletes and coaches.
Four other universities in Minnesota maintain NCAA Division I ice hockey programs, and all five field both men's and women's teams. The other four Division I schools (for ice hockey only) are Bemidji State University, the University of Minnesota Duluth, Minnesota State University, Mankato, and St. Cloud State University. All five schools participate in the WCHA. Duluth has produced five Division I championships in women's ice hockey and one Division I championship in men's ice hockey.
Division II.
The NCAA Division II teams in Minnesota are from the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC). There are 9 Division II classified schools for the 2007–2008 year.
The NSIC was founded in 1932 and joined the NCAA in 1992. Teams competing in the NSIC are:
Bemidji State, Minnesota–Duluth, Minnesota State–Mankato and St. Cloud State notably compete in Division I in men's and women's hockey, as members of the WCHA. Bemidji State University has won five NCAA Division II titles. Minnesota State–Mankato has produced three NCAA Division II titles, and the Minnesota–Duluth has produced two Division II titles in football. Winona State has won two NCAA Division II titles. Concordia St. Paul has won four NCAA Division II title in Volleyball. UM-Crookston, MSU-Moorhead, Southwest Minnesota State and St. Cloud State have not won any NCAA team titles.
Division III.
The NCAA Division III teams in Minnesota play in one of two leagues, the Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (MIAC) or the Upper Midwest Athletic Conference (UMAC).
Teams competing in the MIAC:
The MIAC was founded in 1920. Conference schools have won 30 total NCAA titles. Among those titles are Augsburg's nine wrestling titles, and St. Thomas' eleven total titles.
Teams competing in the UMAC:
The UMAC was founded in 1972. The conference became an active NCAA Division III conference July 1, 2008. There are eight full members, seven from Minnesota. All seven Minnesota members are full Division III members.
Olympians from Minnesota.
The United States hockey team won the Olympic gold medal for ice hockey in 1980, coached by Minnesota native Herb Brooks. Eleven of the twenty players on the roster were from Minnesota. The team beat the long-dominant Soviet team in what has been called the Miracle on Ice, and went on to win the gold medal by defeating Finland.
The 1960 United States hockey team won the Olympic gold medal in the 1960 Winter Olympics. Six of the 18 members of that team were from Minnesota. The team beat the Canadian ice hockey team in the final game to secure the gold medal.
A substantial number of players on the 1956 Olympic silver medal hockey team came from Minnesota. The 1948 Winter Olympics had a native Thief River Falls, MN member on the team. 
The majority of players on the 1972 Olympic silver medal hockey team came from Minnesota.
In the 2006 Winter Olympics, both the bronze medal U.S. men's and the women's curling teams came from the Bemidji Curling Club.
Bloomington native Tom Malchow won a gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in swimming.
Carrie Tollefson was on the 2004 Summer Olympic team as a distance runner and ranked 5th in 2006.
Minnesota was well represented in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Bejiing,
including Sada Jacobson (Rochester, Minnesota) already had won the bronze medal in the 2004 Summer Olympic games in sabre fencing.
Amateur sports.
Baseball.
Summer Collegiate Baseball is present in Minnesota with the SCBA-sanctioned Northwoods League. All players in the league must have NCAA eligibility remaining in order to participate, and therefore are not paid. Minnesota's Northwoods League teams are the Alexandria Blue Anchors, Brainerd Blue Thunder, Duluth Huskies, Mankato Moondogs, Rochester Honkers, and St. Cloud River Bats. The Northwoods League Offices are located in Rochester, Minnesota. There are also Northwoods League teams operating in Wisconsin, Iowa, Michigan, and Ontario, Canada. The Fargo-Moorhead RedHawks are an American Association team founded in 1996. They won five Northern League titles in 1998, 2003, 2006, 2009 and 2010 (the last year of the league).
American Legion baseball is played throughout the state in summer.
Golf.
Minnesota has more golfers per capita than any state in the U.S. Hazeltine National Golf Club played host to the 2006 U.S. Amateur.
Curling.
In addition to the Bemidji Curling Club whose members competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics, there are over two dozen curling clubs in the state.
Roller derby.
The Twin Cities is home to the Minnesota RollerGirls (Saint Paul), North Star Roller Girls (Minneapolis) and Minnesota Men's Roller Derby (MMRD), as well as two junior derby leagues, Twin Cities Junior Roller Derby (TCJRD) and NorthEast Roller Derby Youth (NERDY).
The Minnesota RollerGirls were founded in 2004, and were the fourth flat-track league to host a bout. Their venue for the first season was a roller rink in a northern Minneapolis suburb. After selling out all four bouts in their first season, they were approached by the City of Saint Paul, which connected them with the Roy Wilkins Auditorium, part of the RiverCentre Complex, making them the first modern roller derby league to play in a professional sports venue, and their first sellout set the modern roller derby attendance record of 4,900 (which was beaten the next month by the Rat City Rollergirls of Seattle, who began playing in the 15,000-seat KeyArena. The Minnesota RollerGirls are founding members of the Women's Flat-Track Derby Association (WFTDA), the main governing body for flat track roller derby, and have advanced to the WFTDA Championships in 2006, 2010, 2011, and 2012.
The North Star Roller Girls were founded in 2006, and played in a roller rink for two seasons before moving to the Minneapolis Convention Center. They joined the WFTDA in 2009, and competed in the North Central Regional Tournament in 2009 and 2010.
MMRD and the junior leagues play in various venues around the Twin Cities.
Soccer.
Every year in summer (generally in July) at Blaine's National Sports Center the Schwan’s USA CUP is played: the largest international youth soccer tournament in North America with over 1,000 teams and participants from 22 countries.
Bandy.
Bandy in USA is almost exclusively a Minnesota sport. All league matches are played on the largest artificial ice surface of the Western Hemisphere, Guidant John Rose Minnesota Oval in Roseville, venue of the Bandy World Championship 1995 and the Bandy World Championship for women 2006, even by the team from Duluth. Also rink bandy competitions are organized. The United States national bandy team is typically the 6th or the 7th best team in the world, thus often finishing either last in Group A or winning Group B of the Bandy World Championship for men. At the 2012 tournament they were praised for being better than ever before. However, it wasn´t enough to avoid being relegated to Group B.

</doc>
<doc id="5928556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928556" title="Paul Olaf Bodding">
Paul Olaf Bodding

Paul Olaf Bodding (born Gjøvik, Norway on 2 November 1865, died Odense, Denmark on 25 September 1938) was a Norwegian missionary, linguist and folklorist. He served in India for 44 years (1889–1933), and operated mainly from the town Dumka in the Santhal Parganas-district. Bodding created the first alphabet and wrote the first grammar for the Santali-speaking native people in eastern India. In 1914 he also completed the translation of the Bible into the Santali language.
Paul Olaf Bodding had studied theology at the university of Oslo. He was a celebrated scientist, and he is still well known among the santals living in the states of Jharkand, Bihar and Assam as well as in Bangladesh and the Scandinavian countries.
Bodding was the son of a bookseller, and he first met the founder of The Indian Home Mission to the Santals (later developed to the NELC), Lars Olsen Skrefsrud, in his father's bookshop in Gjøvik. Skrefsrud was born just outside the neighbouring town Lillehammer, in Oppland, Norway.
Bodding was also involuntarily involved in a personal scandal, as his second wife, a Danish missionary-daughter, ran away with an Indian Muslim (according to Olav Hodne - in his book "Oppreisning" (2006)).
A monument to Bodding stands in front of Gjøvik church in Norway.
The main picture shows Bodding in Benagaria, India.
Works.
Cecil Henry Bompas published "Folklore of the Santal Parganas". London: D. Nutt, 1909, compiled from stories collected by P. O. Bodding.

</doc>
<doc id="5928563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928563" title="Haiti Partnership">
Haiti Partnership

The Haïti Partnership is a group of Methodist volunteer missionaries from the New York and Pennsylvania region [http://www.haitipartnership.org/]. Originally founded in 1995, the partnership has conducted numerous missions in remote Haitian villages and towns, including: Bainet, Hermitage, Bois Neuf Malor, Jeremie, Golbotine, and others. A mission consists of up to fourteen volunteers traveling by plane to Port-au-Prince making a brief stop at a VIM (United Methodist Volunteers in Mission) guest house. A typical team travels with up to twenty- two or more containers; of which contain tools, food, toys, hygiene equipment, as well as various medical supplies. 
Teams travel with the containers by vehicle to remote sites after their brief stay at the Methodist guest house in Port-au-Prince. Most teams work on construction projects with Haitian workers to construct schools, churches, and other necessities in the most needing areas of Haiti. Normally teams travel in the months of January, February, and March mainly due to lower temperatures. The partnership receives various informal funding, i.e. church collections and donations. The partnership, in conjunction with the Wyoming Conference, also arranges fundraising events like the "great fifty days", an annual fundraising event held in the Southern Tier of New York area. After a "typical" nine-day "round trip" stay, teams travel back to the United States.
They stepped up their efforts for the 2010 Haiti Earthquake

</doc>
<doc id="5928585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928585" title="Tom Schuler">
Tom Schuler

Tom Schuler (born November 28, 1956 in Detroit, Michigan) is a retired American professional road bicycle racer and founder of Team Sports Inc., a sports management company in cycling, mountain biking, triathlon, and roller blading. Since 2006, he has been team manager for Targettraining, a UCI Continental team riding USA Cycling's national racing calendar circuit, and Zoot Sports Triathlon Team. In 2009, he was general manager of Team Type 1, the Timex Multisport Team and the Zoot Ultra Triathlon Team.
Schuler was directeur sportif of Team Saturn, a professional cycling team from 1991 to 2003, and helped found the Volvo-Cannondale mountain bike team.
Schuler, a graduate from the University of Michigan, represented the United States at the 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics and was one of the original seven members of the 7-Eleven Cycling Team. He was the 1987 USPRO national road champion and the 1981 US professional criterium champion.
Major achievements.
In 2009 Tom became a co-founder of the Tour of America's Dairyland, a 10 day race in Wisconsin that attracts Pro-Teams and riders from around the world. www.TourofAmericasDairyland.com 

</doc>
<doc id="5928586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928586" title="Todd Krygier">
Todd Krygier

Todd Andrew Krygier (born October 12, 1965 in Chicago Heights, Illinois) is a former American ice hockey player.
After playing for the University of Connecticut, Krygier was selected by the Hartford Whalers in the 1988 NHL Supplemental Draft. He played parts of two seasons with the Whalers before being traded to the Washington Capitals in 1991. In 1994 he was traded to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim.
Krygier played a season and a half in Anaheim before he was re-acquired by the Capitals during the 1995–96 NHL season. It was during his second tour with the Capitals that he would make the most of his opportunity as his gritty style of play would help guide the Capitals to their first ever appearance in the Stanley Cup Finals in 1998. Krygier played two seasons with the Orlando Solar Bears of the International Hockey League before retiring from active play.
Perhaps Krygier's most memorable goal came in the 1998 Eastern Conference Finals as a member of the Capitals versus the visiting Buffalo Sabres. In overtime of Game 2, Krygier one-timed a pass from teammate Andrei Nikolishin past Sabres goaltender Dominik Hasek to win the game and tie the series at one game apiece. The goal was controversial because of the possibility that the Capitals had iced the puck and a Sabre had touched it behind the goal line, but play was not whistled down. The Capitals went on to win the series in 6 games before being swept by the Detroit Red Wings in the Stanley Cup Finals. He is previously the head coach of the Compuware AAA mite hockey team., as well as the head hockey coach at Novi High School. He currently works as an agent for State Farm insurance. In June 2013, Krygier was announced as the new coach of the Muskegon Lumberjacks USHL team.
In 543 NHL games, Krygier scored 100 goals and 143 assists.

</doc>
<doc id="5928599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928599" title="Economy of Houston">
Economy of Houston

The economy of Houston is primarily based on the energy industry (particularly oil), however, biomedical research and aerospace also constitute large sectors of the city's economy. The Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land MSA's gross domestic product (GDP) in 2012 was $449 billion, the fourth-largest of any metropolitan area in the United States. The Houston metropolitan area comprises the largest petrochemical manufacturing area in the world, including for synthetic rubber, insecticides, and fertilizers. The area is the world's leading center for building oilfield equipment. The city is home to more than 3,000 energy-related establishments, including many of the top oil and gas exploration and production firms and petroleum pipeline operators. As of 2011, 23 companies on the Fortune 500 list have their headquarters in Houston or the surrounding metropolitan region.
The Houston-Sugar Land-Baytown metropolitan area ranked 33rd among the nation’s 361 MSAs on per capita personal income at US$36,852, making the figure 11.5 percent higher than the national figure of US$33,050. In 2012, the city was ranked #1 for paycheck worth by Forbes and in late May 2013, Houston was identified as America's top city for employment creation.
Real estate and corporate location.
Houston is a major corporate center. The city and surrounding metropolitan region is home to 23 Fortune 500 companies, multinationals and domestic companies maintain operations in the city. Of the world’s 100 largest non-U.S.-based corporations, more than half have operations in
Houston. In 2006, the Houston metropolitan area ranked first in Texas and third in the U.S. within the category of "Best Places for Business and Careers" by "Forbes". The 2011 Fortune 500list shows 23 firms headquartered in the 10-county Houston-Sugar Land-Baytown Metropolitan Statistical Area. Only New York City in has more Fortune 500 headquarters within city limits.
Finance.
Banking and financial services are vital to the region. Forty foreign governments maintain trade and commercial offices here and the city has 23 active foreign chambers of commerce and trade associations. Eleven foreign banks representing 12 nations operate in Houston and provide financial assistance to the international community. In 1997 Houston had offices of 84 subsidiaries of Japanese companies.
Information technology.
Houston has more than 1,000 computer-related companies. Since its inception in 1999, Houston Technology Center has become the center of technology entrepreneurship in Houston. The center has helped more than 150 emerging technology companies raise more than $400 million in capital and create about 1,000 new jobs. Information technology developed in Houston affects many entities, including the region's traffic and emergency response efforts at Houston TranStar, a centralized transportation management and regional emergency management center. 
Houston, with a customer base of more than 3 million, is AT&T’s largest service city. The city's telecommunications infrastructure completes more than 70 million Houston telephone connections daily. The Texas Public Utilities Commission has certified more than 400 additional local exchange carriers to provide service state-wide or specifically within Houston. More than 1,600 interexchange carriers have registered with the commission to provide long distance service.
Higher education.
The University of Houston System's annual impact on the Houston-area's economy equates to that of a major corporation: $1.1 billion in new funds attracted annually to the Houston area, $3.13 billion in total economic benefit, and 24,000 local jobs generated. This is in addition to the 12,500 new graduates the UH System produces every year who enter the workforce in Houston and throughout Texas. These degree-holders tend to stay in Houston. After five years, 80.5 percent of graduates are still living and working in the region.
Health care and biomedical.
The Texas Medical Center is the city's healthcare and biotechnology focal point with $3.5 billion committed to research grants from 2000 through 2004, more than 43 member institutions, 5.2 million patient visits in 2004. More than 65,000 health care professionals work there every day, treating more than five million patients from all over the world every year. The UT Research Park, a joint venture between The University of Texas M.D. Anderson and the UT Health Science Center at Houston, is located in the Medical Center. When fully developed, the UT Research Park will be made up of nearly 2 million square feet (180,000 m²) of research, lab, office and support space for private companies and not-for-profit research institutions. The venture will be focused on biotechnology and life sciences research. Baylor College of Medicine is home to the Human Genome Sequencing Center, one of only five in the nation.
According to U.S. News and World Report, many hospitals in Houston consistently rank among the nation’s top healthcare institutions.
Manufacturing and industry.
Houston is home to more than 10,700 manufacturing establishments. The city ranked as a Gold Medal World-Class Community for Manufacturing for four consecutive years by "Industry Week" magazine. The Houston-Gulf Coast region has nearly 40 percent of the U.S. capacity for base petrochemicals, ensuring rapid access to major resin producers and resin technologies.
Houston is projected to experience a 2.7 percent increase in manufacturing employment by 2012. Metals manufacturing is a $12.0 billion industry in Houston, with nearly 2,100 establishments employing more than 67,000 workers in the region. Approximately 250 establishments employ more than 20,000 people in Houston’s electronics manufacturing industries. Hewlett Packard employs more people in its Houston operations than any other HP facility in the world.
Energy.
Houston is known as a world capital of the oil and gas industry with over 5000 energy firms doing business in the region. Historically, Houston has had several growth spurts (and some devastating economic recessions) related to the oil industry. The discovery of oil near Houston in 1901 led to its first growth spurt — by the 1920s, Houston had grown to almost 140,000 people. The city is a leading domestic and international center for virtually every segment of the oil and gas industry - exploration, production, transmission, marketing, service, supply, offshore drilling, and technology. Houston dominates U.S. oil and gas exploration and production. The city remains unrivaled as a center for the American energy industry. In January 2005, the Houston Primary Metropolitan Statistical Areas (PMSA) accounted for: 31% of all U.S. jobs in oil and gas extraction (38,300 of 123,400), and 14% of all U.S. jobs in support activities for mining (28,100 of 200,900). Houston is headquarters for 17 energy-related Fortune 500 companies and is home to more than 3,600 energy-related establishments. Houston is home to 13 of the nation’s 20 largest natural gas transmission companies, 600 exploration and production firms and more than 170 pipeline operators.
The Offshore Technology Conference held yearly in Houston presents the latest exploration and development technology in the energy industry to more than 50,000 attendees.
Houston is a member of the World Energy Cities Partnership, a collaboration between 13 energy focused cities around the world.
Mining which includes mostly oil and gas exploration and production in Houston accounts for 11 percent the region's GAP—down from 21 percent as recently as 1985. The reduced role of oil and gas in Houston's GAP reflects the rapid growth of other sectors—such as engineering services, health services, and manufacturing. Oil and gas exploration and production, however, has increased in reaction to high energy prices and a reduced worldwide surplus oil production capacity. 
Members of the oil and gas industry are representatives of most of the boards of Houston's arts bodies, charities, and museums. The energy companies spent funds in order to make Houston a more attractive community for their employees to live in.
Petrochemicals.
Houston is one of the world’s largest manufacturing centers for petrochemicals, and the $15 billion petrochemical complex at the Houston Ship Channel is the largest in the country. Supporting the industry is a complex of several thousand miles of pipeline connecting 200 chemical plants, refinery, salt domes and fractionation plants along the Texas Gulf Coast, which allows transfer of feedstocks, fuel and chemical products among plants, storage terminals and transportation facilities. Houston has more than 400 chemical manufacturing establishments with more than 35,000 employees. Houston has two of four largest U.S. refineries. ExxonMobil’s complex in Baytown is one of the oldest in the area and one of the largest of its kind in the world
More than 235 establishments in the Houston metro area manufacture plastic and rubber products. Houston dominates the U.S. production of three major resins: polyethylene (38.7% of U.S. capacity); polyvinyl chloride (35.9% of U.S. capacity) and polypropylene (48.4% of U.S. capacity).
Aerospace.
Houston is home to the Johnson Space Center, NASA’s largest research and development facility, employing nearly 3,000 federal civil service workers and more than 14,000 contract personnel. Program offices for Project Constellation, Orion and other new space vehicle projects will create new jobs at the center. The city's burgeoning aerospace industry heralded its second growth spurt, which solidified with the 1973 oil crisis. The majority of the contractor work force related to the projects will also be located at the center. Texas Governor Rick Perry recently announced a $7.5 million Texas Enterprise Fund (TEF) grant to Lockheed Martin, which will bring about 1,000 jobs to the Houston area. The grant ensures that Lockheed Martin will create these jobs in the Houston area after they earned a multi-billion dollar contract from NASA to build the Orion Crew Exploration Vehicle. Houston is also home to the United Space Alliance, which employs well over 10,000 people.
Trade.
Much of Houston's success as a petrochemical complex is due to its busy man-made ship channel, the Port of Houston. The port ranks first in the country in international commerce and is the sixth-largest port in the world. Amid other U.S. ports, it is the busiest in foreign tonnage and second in overall tonnage. Because of these economic trades, many residents have moved to Houston from other U.S. states, as well as hundreds of countries worldwide.
The coffee companies of Houston formed the Greater Houston Coffee Association in fall 2000. The industry then tried to make Houston a major coffee shipping port. Coffee sold through futures contracts may only be shipped to a New York Board of Trade-certified port, and Texas's ad valorem tax on warehouse inventories made it impossible for Houston to get such a certification. The tax was written into the Constitution of Texas, so the Greater Houston Coffee Association asked State Representative Joe E. Moreno and State Senator Mario Gallegos to present a constitutional amendment bill to exempt cocoa and coffee stored in Harris County warehouses from the tax. Voters approved the amendment in 2001. Since then Houston's role as a coffee port increased. After Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans, much of the traffic switched to Houston.
Demand on Texas oil increased, and many people from the northeast moved to Houston to profit from the trade. Pasadena has refineries, and the Port of Houston is among the busiest in the world. Since the 1980s oil bust, the Houston area aimed to diversify its industries.
Employment.
In 2013, Houston was identified as the #1 U.S. city for job creation by the U.S. Bureau of Statistics after it was not only the first major city to regain all the jobs lost in the preceding economic downturn, but after the crash, more than two jobs were added for every one lost. Economist and vice president of research at the Greater Houston Partnership Patrick Jankowski attributed Houston's success to the ability of the region's real estate and energy industries to learn from historical mistakes. Furthermore, Jankowski stated that "more than 100 foreign-owned companies relocated, expanded or started new businesses in Houston" between 2008 and 2010, and this openness to external business boosted job creation during a period when domestic demand was problematically low. 
Tourism.
Tourist attractions in the Houston area include Space Center Houston and the original Ninfa's. Previous attractions included tours of the Houston Astrodome and Gilley's. The Houston Bay Area and Galveston also have many other tourist attractions, including a Schlitterbahn Water Park, Kemah Boardwalk, Moody Gardens, beaches, fishing, pleasure boats, and many local seafood restaurants. The Houston Museum District, Houston Theater District in Downtown, and The Galleria are also heavily visited tourist attractions.
On July 26, 2003 the Greater Houston Convention and Visitors Bureau started the "The Neighborhoods Alive: Houston's Multicultural Tour," a bus tour throughout several neighborhoods in inner Houston. The tour's destinations included Downtown Houston, the First Ward, the Second Ward, the Third Ward, the Sixth Ward, East Downtown, and Midtown. Two later bookings, those for August 23, 2003 and September 2003, quickly sold out. Therefore the bureau added six more dates on short notice.
Around 2006 Taiwanese people became owners of several independent and small chain hotels in the Houston area. In December 2006 C.Y. Ling, the director of the commercial division of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Office in Houston, said that Taiwanese owned more hotels than any other ethnic group except for the Indians.
Retail.
In 1980, a year of strong economic activity and robust competition in the grocery market, prices in Houston's grocery stores were below the national average prices in grocery stores. Houston's grocery price index averaged at 85.6, below the national average of 88.4. This means that, for the 1982-1984 base period, Houstonians paid $88.40 for an amount of food that would cost $100 according to the national average. During the oil bust and the economic decline, Houston's prices stayed even with the national average. In 1983 Houston's grocery index increased from 96.8 to 99.4 and matched the national average of 99.1. As the city began to recover, the prices began to edge upward. When a recession in the U.S. began and while Houston's economic growth slowed and continued, the national price index fell below Houston's price index. As of 1992 prices in Houston's grocery stores were higher than the national average; Houston's index averaged to be 137.3, and the national average was 132.3.
Nic Santangelo, an analyst of the Bureau of Labor Statistics, a department of the U.S. Department of Labor that composes the monthly consumer price index, said in 1992 "We have a difficult time explaining why Houston food prices go one way, Dallas another,a and the nation yet another." A person quoted in the "Houston Post" described as an industry insider said that when companies in the Houston grocery market left, the surviving competitors "got comfortable" and raised prices. Tammy Bobon, a director of public affairs for AppleTree Markets, said that the Houston grocery market had remained competitive for the entire period.
As of 2007, the largest grocers in the Houston market are Wal-Mart, Kroger, H-E-B, Safeway Inc. (as Randalls Food Markets), Grocers Supply Company (as Fiesta Mart), Target, Lewis Food Town, Gerlands Food Fair, Brookshire Brothers, and Sellers Bros.
Media.
Houston is the tenth largest television market in the United States. While Houston is the fourth largest city in the United States, other cities that are smaller than Houston have metropolitan region that are larger than Houston's.

</doc>
<doc id="5928610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928610" title="Pirates Remixed">
Pirates Remixed

Pirates Remixed is an EP that features remixes by Tiësto and other DJs of the song "He's a Pirate" composed by Klaus Badelt for the Disney movie "". It was made available for download exclusively through iTunes, via the official EP website.
Walt Disney Records also has a promotional CD which contains nine tracks total, including two tracks from the original scores, and radio edits. EMI also was licensed to create a CD which contained the Tiësto remixes and the Jack Theme Suite from the second film's score. Along with the digital download and the limited CD releases, it was also released as a promotional copy on vinyl. The vinyl version came under the name "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest Remixes" and contained a remix not available on either the digital download or the CD versions.
Tiësto also released an alternative "He's a Pirate" remix as a bonus track on his Elements of Life album.

</doc>
<doc id="5928614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928614" title="Crossed fingers">
Crossed fingers

To cross one's fingers is a hand gesture commonly used to implore God for protection, as well as to wish for good luck. The gesture is referred to by the common expression "keeping one's fingers crossed" or just "fingers crossed" and has also been historically used in order to allow early Christian believers to recognize one another during times of persecution. 
Some people, mostly children, also use the gesture to excuse their telling of a white lie. This may have its roots in the belief that the power of the Christian cross might save one from being sent to hell for telling a lie. A similar belief is that crossing one's fingers invalidates a promise being made.
Modern usage of Crossed fingers includes:
Origin.
In the time of the early Church, Christians would cross their fingers in order to invoke the power associated with the Christian cross for protection, when faced with evil. Moreover, Christians, when persecuted by the Romans, used the symbol of crossed fingers, along with the Ichthys, in order to recognize one another and assemble for worship services. In 16th century England, people continued to cross fingers or make the sign of the cross in order to ward off evil, as well as when people coughed or sneezed.
Anecdotal use.
The 1787 "A Provincial Glossary, with a Collection of Local Proverbs, and Popular Superstitions" by Francis Grose records the recommendation to keep one's fingers crossed until one sees a dog to avert the bad luck attracted by walking under a ladder.

</doc>
<doc id="5928620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928620" title="Culture of Houston">
Culture of Houston

Houston is a multicultural city with a thriving international community supported by the third largest concentration of consular offices in the United States, representing 86 nations. Many locals refer to Houston as ""Bayou City."" Other nicknames include ""H-Town"," ""Clutch City"," and ""Magnolia City"."
About 90 languages are regularly spoken in the Houston area. Some neighborhoods with high populations of Vietnamese and Chinese residents have Chinese and Vietnamese street signs in addition to English ones. Houston has two Chinatowns—the original located in East Downtown and the other along Bellaire Boulevard in the southwest area of the city. The city also has a Little Saigon in Midtown and Vietnamese businesses located in the southwest Houston Chinatown.
There are many popular events held in the city celebrating cultures of Houstonians. The largest is the annual Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo that is held over 20 days from late February through early March. The event begins with trail rides that originate from several points throughout the state, all of which convene at Reliant Park for a barbecue cook-off. The rodeo includes typical rodeo events, as well as concert performances from major artists and carnival rides. Another large celebration is the annual Gay Pride Parade held at the end of June to commemorate the struggle for gay liberation, gay rights, gay pride, and the Stonewall riots of the late 1960s in New York City. The event is held along Westheimer Road within Neartown—home to many gay establishments, such as restaurants, bars, nightclubs, and coffeehouses. Other events held annually include the Houston Greek Festival and Houston International Festival.
Anna Rohleder of "Forbes" said "Among Houston's wealthy denizens, social life centers on charity events and the arts."
Arts and theatre.
Houston's Theater District is ranked second in the country (behind New York City) in the number of theatre seats in a concentrated downtown area with 12,948 seats for live performances and 1,480 movie seats. The Theater District is located in the heart of downtown and is home to nine of Houston's performing arts organizations and six performance halls. Houston is one of only five cities in the United States with permanent professional resident companies in all of the major performing arts disciplines: opera (Houston Grand Opera), ballet (Houston Ballet), music (Houston Symphony Orchestra), and theatre (Alley Theatre). The city has visual and performing arts organizations, along with a dose of homegrown folk art such as Art Cars. Houston is widely recognized as an important city for contemporary visual arts. The city is a stop for touring companies from Broadway, concerts, shows, and exhibitions for a variety of interests, ranging from the nation's largest quilting show to auto, boat, home, and gun shows.
Houston's theatre scene is far larger than the Theatre District, with more than 30 professional, regional, and community theatre companies producing full seasons of theatrical productions. Notable theaters include The Ensemble Theatre, which gives voice to the African-American community and "Talento Bilingüe de Houston", which spotlights playwrights and actors who express the Latino experience in America. Other significant theatres include "Main Street Theater", with its broad spectrum of classical and contemporary classics, and the quirky "Theatre Suburbia", which has developed a reputation in the Houston arts community for showcasing local playwrights emphasizing a peculiarly Texas perspective. Current information about these theatre companies, venues and performances is available through the Houston Arts Alliance web site.
Adjacent to the Texas Medical Center is the Museum District, which is home to most of the city's major museums: the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston, the Cullen Sculpture Garden, the Houston Museum of Natural Science, the Holocaust Museum Houston, the Children's Museum of Houston, Lawndale Art Center, the Houston Zoo, the John P. McGovern Museum of Health & Medical Science, and The Menil Collection. Approximately 4 million people visit institutions in the Museum District every year.
Houston has an international flavor and is home to several multicultural arts organizations including: MECA (Multicultural Education and Counseling through the Arts), Kuumba House Dance Theatre, and Nuestra Palabra: Latino Writers Having Their Say.
Tourism and recreation.
Space Center Houston is the official visitors’ center of NASA's Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center. Space Center Houston includes many interactive exhibits—including moon rocks and a shuttle simulator—in addition to special presentations that tell the story of NASA's manned space flight program.
The Theater District, a 17-block area in the heart of downtown Houston, is home to Bayou Place Entertainment Complex, restaurants, movies, plazas, and parks. Bayou Place is a large multilevel building that is home to restaurants, bars, live music, billiards, theatres, and art house films. The Houston Verizon Wireless Theatre stages a variety of live concerts and the Angelika Theatre presents the latest in art, foreign, and independent films.
Houston is home to many parks including Hermann Park, which houses the Houston Zoo and the Houston Museum of Natural Science, and Memorial Park. What was once the Houston Civic Center was replaced by the George R. Brown Convention Center, one of the nation's largest; and the Jesse H. Jones Hall for the Performing Arts, home of the Houston Symphony Orchestra. The Sam Houston Coliseum and Music Hall have been replaced by the Hobby Center for the Performing Arts.
Other tourist attractions include the Galleria, Texas' largest shopping mall located in the Uptown District; Old Market Square; Tranquility Park; and Sam Houston Historical Park, which contains restored homes (built between 1824 and 1868) and reconstructed buildings. The San Jacinto Battlefield is in the nearby city of Deer Park.
Sports.
Houston hosted Super Bowl VIII in 1974 and Super Bowl XXXVIII 30 years later in 2004, the 1989 NBA All-Star Game, the 1981, 1986, 1994 and 1995 NBA Finals (The hometown Houston Rockets winning the latter 2), 2004 Major League Baseball All-Star Game, Super Bowl XXXVIII in 2004, 2005 World Series, the 2005 Big 12 Conference championship game, the 2006 NBA All-Star Game, and the Tennis Masters Cup in 2003 and 2004, and the annual Shell Houston Open. The city hosts the NCAA College Baseball Minute Maid Classic every February. Houston formerly hosted the NCAA football's Houston Bowl in December, but now hosts the Texas Bowl in January.
Houston has a franchise in nearly every major professional sports league including: Houston Dynamo (MLS), Houston Astros (MLB), Houston Rockets (NBA), Houston Comets (Now Defunct)(WNBA), Houston Aeros (AHL), and Houston Texans (NFL).
In early 2006, the Champ Car auto racing series returned to Houston for a yearly race, held on the streets of the Reliant Park complex. The city had previously been home to a Champ Car round from 1998 to 2001.
Minute Maid Park (home of the Astros), BBVA Compass Stadium (home of the Dynamo) and Toyota Center (home of the Rockets and Comets) are located downtown. The city has the first domed stadium in the United States, the Astrodome, and also holds the NFL's first retractable roof stadium—Reliant Stadium. Other sports facilities in Houston are Hofheinz Pavilion, Reliant Astrodome, Robertson Stadium, and Rice Stadium. The now infrequently used Reliant Astrodome hosted World Wrestling Entertainment's WrestleMania X-Seven on April 1, 2001.
Houston has not had very much success when it comes to its sports teams, at least not lately. Its only successful team was the Houston Rockets, who won 2 consecutive championships from 1994-95. The Houston Oilers won 2 back-to-back AFL championships in 1960 and 1961, but never competed in the Super Bowl since the NFL-AFL merger. The Astros have one World Series appearance in 2005.
The following following professional sports venues are located in Houston.
Media.
The Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area is served by a public television station and two public radio stations. KUHT ("HoustonPBS") is a PBS member station and the first public television station in the United States. Houston Public Radio is listener-supported radio with two NPR member stations: KUHF ("KUHF News") and KUHA ("Classical 91.7"). KUHF is news/talk radio and KUHA is a classical music station. The University of Houston System owns and holds broadcasting licenses to KUHT, KUHF, and KUHA. The stations broadcast from the Melcher Center for Public Broadcasting, located on the campus of the University of Houston.
Houston is served by the "Houston Chronicle", its only major daily newspaper with wide distribution. The Hearst Corporation, which owns and operates "The Houston Chronicle", bought the assets of the "Houston Post"—its long-time rival and main competition—when it ceased operations in 1995. The only other major publication to serve the city is the "Houston Press", a free alternative weekly with a circulation of more than 300,000 readers.
KTRK's Marvin Zindler was the most recognized television journalist in Houston and Texas. His week-long expose on the Chicken Ranch brothel became the basis for the Broadway musical The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, and his consumer and health reports on local restaurants have made the phrase "slime in the ice machine" immediately recognizable to any local.
KHOU-TV's investigative team, "The 11 News Defenders", began an investigation into the failure of Firestone Wilderness AT tires on several vehicles (including the Ford Explorer). These reports garnered the station and the team of Anna Werner, investigative producer David Raziq, and investigative photojournalist/editor Chris Henao several national awards, including the Edward R. Murrow, George Foster Peabody, and Columbia University DuPont Award. Among the journalists who have worked for KHOU, the best known are former CBS Evening News anchor Dan Rather, Linda Ellerbee, and Jessica Savitch.
KXLN Houston's Spanish language Univision and its "En Su Defensa" (in your defense) segments have garnered regional acclaim, and "En Su Defensa" month was proclaimed by Mayor Bill White in 2004. Led by Investigative reporter Patricio Espinoza, the segment generated strong community following and historic ratings along with several Emmy awards through 2005.
Houston Not-For-Profit News is a subsidiary of World Internet News Cooperative. It is one of Houston's few non-profit news sources which receives no money from advertising. It totes itself as being unbiased with the ability to be more objective than the commercial news media due to the fact that it is not tied to advertisers. Stories covered by the cooperative range from consumer rights, to corporate welfare, to working-class issues. Their work has also been nominated for a Robert F. Kennedy Memorial journalism award.
Car culture.
Automobiles of all kinds have had enormous influence on Houston culture, largely a result of the urban sprawl and sparse public transportation that has followed the dismantling of the city's former trolley system. Many of the Houston's business districts, such as Uptown and Greenspoint began their development as edge cities. Furthermore, many notable neighborhoods began as streetcar suburbs, including the Heights and Sharpstown.
Car culture is often celebrated by residents, especially during the annual Art Car Parade where many uniquely modified cars are paraded through the Heights neighborhood. Another car culture celebrated in Houston is the slab culture, usually found in Houston's inner city neighborhoods (including former Houston-area suburban communities, e.g., South Park, Sunnyside, Acres Homes, and enclaves in Missouri City). The cars used for slabs are usually restored and/or customized full-size GM vehicles (Cadillac Fleetwood, Eldorado, Buick, or a restored Oldsmobile, e.g., Cutlass, Delta 88). The slab culture is associated with Houston hip-hop musicians.
In recent years Houston's love affair with the car has cooled somewhat, with car usage falling by 15.2% since 1995 and heavy investment in public transport, including a light rail system opened in 2004, effectively signalling the return of the streetcar.
Music.
Houston has a lively music scene and while it can claim no broad genre as its own, it has been fertile ground for the
development of niche styles in American blues and Latin music --- a tradition that continues today with a uniquely
distinctive regional style emerging in Houston's rap music community.
Classical.
Houston's reputation as a mature center for classical music is the product of more than a century of dedication and
community support. The Houston Symphony (founded in 1913), is the largest and best-known of the city's professional
orchestras, but they are hardly the only option. Other significant orchestras include Mercury Houston and the River Oaks 
Chamber Orchestra, as well as outstanding academic orchestras at the Rice University Shepherd School of Music and the
University of Houston Moores School of Music (home to the 800-seat Moores Opera House).
A full season of operas is performed in the downtown Theatre District by Houston Grand Opera, while a smaller community-based opera company (Opera in the Heights) performs in Lambert Hall. Operas are also performed each spring and fall at both the Shepherd School of Music and the Moores School of Music. Houston Grand Opera performs at least one free show each summer at the Miller Outdoor Theatre.
Pop.
As long as there's been popular music in America, there have been musicians who grew and developed in Houston contributing their own brand to the American cultural milieu. Pop icons from Houston include R&B singer Beyonce, rockers ZZ Top, country legend Kenny Rogers, blues master Lightnin' Hopkins, tejano superstar Selena and the folksy country songwriter Lyle Lovett, among hundreds of others.
Blues.
Blues music developed throughout the southern United States where several areas developed distinctive regional sounds. Houston's distinctive sound grew in the 1920 with early influencers like Lightnin' Hopkins and T-Bone Walker. The sound matured over the next 50 years, during which it became known as Texas blues. The style 
would gain international notoriety in the modern era when it was adopted by popular regional rockers Stevie Ray Vaughan and
ZZ Top, among others.
Tejano.
Tejano is perhaps the most misunderstood of popular Houston musical styles because it is often classified as a style of Latin music, although the word "tejano" means Texan, reflecting the genre's roots in southern and central Texas during the 19th century. Modern Tejano music is usually a fusion style, combining the common historical elements of conjunto styles based around the accordion and bajo sexto with popular American styles --- most often country, R&B or rock. Within tejano music, Houston forged a distinctively modern sound that began with pop and rock fusions using electronic keyboards and synthesizers. The style was popularized in the 1980s and 1990s by the Grammy-award winning Houston tejano band La Mafia, but which was thrust into a national and international spotlight by young female performer Selena. Selena's younger brother, A.B. Quintanilla, through his band Kumbia Kings would further push the Houston style of tejano even further by fusing it with hip-hop to create songs that appealed to a younger, more urban audience.
Rap.
Ben Westhoff, author of "Dirty South: Outkast, Lil Wayne, Soulja Boy, and the Southern Rappers who Reinvented Hip-Hop", said 
that Houston is geographically isolated from other cities that have rap music traditions, so Houston rap music has its own 
slang and sound which does not "translate" in other regions. Many DJs like to severely slow down music and repeat lines several times, a style known as "screwed and chopped." The originator of "Screwed and Chopped" style music was the late Dj Screw. Screw began making this type of music while under the influence of promethazine with codeine cough syrup, the drinking of which is now heavily popularuzed in hip-hop culture. Westhoff says that the style, which slurs the speeches of the rappers, gives the music an "extraterrestrial quality."
Literature.
The Ladies Reading Group of Houston was a significant founder of the public library system in Houston. Elizabeth Long, the author of the 2003 book "Book Clubs: Women and the Uses of Reading in Everyday Life", wrote that Houston's "literary scene" contributes and draws upon the overall literary culture of Texas. The University of Houston creative writing program opened in 1979. Long wrote that this program "has achieved a national reputation" in subsequent decades. In 1985 the Ladies Reading Club had a 100th anniversary celebration.
Cuisine.
By 2005 "USA Today" referred to Houston as "the dining-out capital of the nation." Houstonians ate out at restaurants more often than residents of other American cities, and Houston restaurants have the second lowest average prices of restaurants of major cities. Tex-Mex cuisine is very popular in Houston. Many Mexican cuisine restaurants in Houston have aspects that originate from Texas culture.
Corporate involvement in culture.
Members of the oil and gas industry are representatives of most of the boards of Houston's arts bodies, charities, and museums. The energy companies spent funds in order to make Houston a more attractive community for their employees to live in.
Religion.
Houston includes Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Buddhist, Zoroastrian, and other religious groups.

</doc>
<doc id="5928630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928630" title="Dutch Antilles Express">
Dutch Antilles Express

Dutch Antilles Express was an airline of the Dutch country of Curaçao. It operated high-frequency scheduled services in the Dutch Caribbean to United States, Dominican Republic, Colombia, Haiti, and Suriname. Its main base was at Hato International Airport, Curaçao.
Due to an escalating debt from poor market conditions, the government of Curaçao stepped in on May 31, 2011, to keep the airline in the air. The airline has been purchased from Arnold Leonora by the Curaçao government for a cash injection sum of two injections of 1.5m Guilders (approx US$838,000 each).
In August 2013, the company's management and employees approached the Curacao government through various departments for a new loan of 5m Guilders (approx. US$2.8 million) to, among other items, pay employee salaries outstanding from July 2013. The appeal for the loan was denied by the Curacao Parliament on August 16, 2013. The Court of First Instance of Curaçao declared the local airline Dutch Antilles Express (DAE) bankrupt on August 30, 2013.
At the time of its bankruptcy, the airline operated two aircraft Fokker 100, one ATR-42, one ATR-72 and three McDonnell Douglas MD-83 wet-leased from Falcon Air Express. There were plans to eventually replace the Fokker 100s with newer A319-100s and A320-200s.
History.
The airline started operations with a single ATR 42 in 2003 as BonairExel (part of the Exel Aviation Group) and soon expanded to encompass most of the Dutch Antilles and Aruba. Although an Embraer ERJ 145 was used on the Bonaire-Aruba flights, the aircraft was soon disposed of again, returning to Air Exel. Although BonairExel flew its aircraft in the Exel color scheme; operated with Air Exel aircraft; and flew with Air Exel cabin staff; the airline was wholly owned by a Dutch millionaire residing on Bonaire, and operated simply as a franchise carrier. As the local market was rather small, a subsidiary was formed on Curaçao, named Curaçao Exel. Dutch Caribbean Airlines (DCA) declared bankruptcy not long after. Exel Aviation noticed that the Caribbean airlines were very profitable, and set up its own Aruba Exel, causing distress amongst the other franchise carriers.
With the Exel empire expanding too rapidly in Europe and the Caribbean, it was no surprise that the dream would not last long. In a lawsuit against Nick Sandman (owner of Bonaire and Curaçao Exel) to demand back the invested amount, and confiscate back the ATR 42 aircraft, ties dissolved between the Exel Aviation Group and the Caribbean franchise carriers. With minimal funds, the airline made an attempt to distance itself from its partner, changing its names to BonairExpress and CuraçaoExpress. This move permantently broke up the alliance, causing no more profits to go to the ailing Exel Aviation Group. All Exel airlines disappeared, including fellow Aruba Exel.
Previously the airline's head office was in the Plasa Medardo SV Thielman in Kralendijk, Bonaire. In April 2007 the airline moved its head office from Bonaire to Curaçao, where the airline's flight operations have been based. The airline's call centre and its revenue accounting and handling departments remained in Bonaire.
After numerous lawsuits, BonairExel (now called Bonaire Express) and Curaçao Express merged to form Dutch Antilles Express, which started operations on April 30, 2005 with flights between the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba. On 9 December 2005, its first international services to Valencia, Venezuela, were launched.
2013 Bankruptcy and Cessation of Flights.
In March 2013, the Venezuela Civil Aviation Authority (INAC) suspended the landing rights of Dutch Antilles Express to Maracaibo based on failure to provide adequate service and accommodation to passengers. During this period, DAE had several aircraft that were undergoing required heavy maintenance, resulting in unavailability of aircraft to perform some scheduled routes. While it is stated in the documents released by INAC that the suspension was temporary until scheduling issues could be resolved, DAE never restarted operations to Maracaibo.
In May 2013, INAC released an order suspending DAE's operating rights within the whole of Venezuela, claiming safety and security violations. These findings were publicly disputed by DAE in the media, particularly by Nelson Ramiz, who was a consultant to DAE, as well as the owner and CEO of Falcon Air Express, which provided wet-leased aircraft to Dutch Antilles Express.
In June 2013, the first ground stop due to non-payment of services occurred in Suriname. This was resolved through the court system by implementing a cash basis payment agreement and services resumed within days.
Also in June, the employees of DAE approached former Curacao Prime Minister Gerrit Schotte to negotiate the lifting of the suspension by the Venezuela government and allow DAE aircraft to once again operate to Venezuelan cities. Shortly after that meeting in Caracas, the Venezuelan government issued a revocation of all operating permits for Dutch Antilles Express aircraft in Venezuela as of June 16, 2013.
In July 2013, management of Dutch Antilles Express approached the Curacao Airport Holdings group regarding a capital loan of 5m Guilders. It became public that DAE's main competitor, Insel Air, had sent correspondence through the government proposing to purchase the government shares of DAE and take over the operations of the company, which was not pursued by the government. At this point it also became public that DAE had received permission from the Curacao government to develop nine new destinations as compensation for the loss of the Venezuelan markets. Curacao Airport Holdings declined to provide assistance; however, the Curacao Parliament took up the question of providing additional public funds to the airline in August, when it became public that employee salaries had not yet been paid for July.
During the first week of August, the St. Maartin airport issued a "ground hold" for all Dutch Antilles Express aircraft landing at the airport. Since St. Maarten and Curacao share a common Civil Aviation department, and since DAE held a valid Air Operator's Certificate issued by Civil Aviation, St. Maarten could not legally prevent Dutch Antilles Express aircraft from landing; however, it could hold that aircraft on the ground as collateral against the arrears. The airport and the airline agreed to enter negotiations and the airport allowed DAE aircraft to depart for several days as "relief" flights. By August 6, 2013, DAE had stopped operating to St. Maarten and the airline was unable to come to an agreement with the airport. Dutch Antilles Express would not service St. Maarten since.
On August 12, 2013, it was reported that one of Dutch Antilles Express's largest creditors, Girobank, had placed liens against the accounts of DAE, effectively stopping any cash flow from the business accounts. The following day, DAE employees assembled at the government offices in Curacao to appeal for the council to reconsider its decision regarding the company. By August 16, the airline was experiencing significant cash flow issues and had to cancel and consolidate flights to minimize fuel expenses.
Also on August 16, the Curacao Parliament discussed the ramifications of Dutch Antilles Express falling into bankruptcy and the economic impact that such an event would have on Curacao. The reviewed finances of the company were reviewed in a closed session and the Parliament decided to decline further assistance to the airline by a vote of 9-9, with 3 absences (simple majority required to pass). The next day, DAE was prevented from using the check-in services of Curacao Hato Airport for a short time and admitted that services to Bonaire had been canceled as of the week before due to non-payment of navigation charges.
On August 24 at 00:01, the Curacao airport placed a departure restriction on all Dutch Antilles Express flights. As all of DAE's flights either originated or arrived at Curacao, this effectively stopped all flight operations. At 01:00, the final Falcon Air Express aircraft departed Curacao for its home base in Miami. Over the following days, all DAE aircraft were returned to their lessors and all flights throughout the network were canceled. Shortly thereafter, IATA withdrew the airline from the Billing and Settlement Plan (BSP), preventing travel agents from selling or refunding tickets of the airline.
Two groups of employees petitioned the Curacao Court of First Instance to declare the airline bankrupt. At a closed hearing on August 30, 2013, a judge issued a preliminary ruling that the company was indeed bankrupt and could not continue. On 11 September, the company appealed the ruling of the bankruptcy judgement.
On September 19, shortly before the scheduled hearing regarding the bankruptcy judgement, Dutch Antilles Express withdrew its objection to the ruling, which reaffirmed the bankruptcy of the company. The Curacao Civil Aviation suspended the Air Operator's Certificate (AOC) for a period of 60 days until final judgement and disposition of the company can be determined by the court. This action likely marked to end of Dutch Antilles Express.
Livery.
There were several differences in the liveries of Dutch Antilles Express aircraft.
One Fokker 100 was using the newer livery. The other two had the old DAE livery. It is all white and on the tail section it has the DAE logo. The fuselage had the DAE website on it. The planes were planned to be updated with the new livery at the next C-Check.
The McDonnell Douglas MD-83 operated by Falcon Air Express had a newer livery, the fuselage had blue and yellow stripes which represents the waters of the Caribbean from which Curacao forms a part of and the sun, typical of standard Caribbean weather. The engines have Curacao's official logo on it and the aircraft's tail features the O representing the sun from Curacao's logo.
Destinations.
Dutch Antilles Express served the following destinations, as of July 2013:
Fleet.
The Dutch Antilles Express fleet consisted of the following aircraft as of April 2013:
Past aircraft of The Dutch Antilles Express consisted of the following:
DAE was the only Fokker 100 operator in the Caribbean.

</doc>
<doc id="5928634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928634" title="Lumberville, Pennsylvania">
Lumberville, Pennsylvania

Lumberville, Pennsylvania is a village on the Delaware River in Solebury Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, with a zip code of 18933. It is seven miles north of New Hope, Pennsylvania, and is located along River Road.
The village was settled by Colonel George Wall, a Revolutionary War officer and Bucks County Sheriff. As such it was originally named "Wall's Saw Mills" and "Walls Landing". Ultimately, William Tinsman purchased the lumber mills in 1869, and the mills are operated by his descendents to this day.
The Black Bass Inn was built in the early 1740s, and was last refurbished in 2009. It continues to provide food and lodging into the 21st Century, and is now owned by Jack Thompson, owner of the Thompson auto dealerships in Doylestown, Pennsylvania.
In 1835, a covered bridge was built across the Delaware River to Raven Rock, New Jersey. The river is approximately 800 feet wide at this point. One span of it was carried away in the flood of 1903. That section of the bridge was rebuilt as a steel span. The bridge was used until 1946. In 1949, a new bridge was built on the piers of the original, but it was built only for foot traffic so that the people of Lumberville could have access to the Pennsylvania Railroad commuter passenger service in Raven Rock. See: Lumberville-Raven Rock Bridge. The rail service was discontinued in 1952.
The Delaware Division of the Pennsylvania Canal runs along the river between Lumberville and the river. Lumberville was the location of Lock #12, a set of locks to raise and lower the barges that travelled between Easton, Pennsylvania and Bristol, Pennsylvania. The lock house was washed away in the flood of 1955.
From 1839 to 1840, Lumberville was the home of John Greenleaf Whittier.
Lumberville was also the birthplace of the 19th-century artist Martin Johnson Heade.
Paul and Julia Child were married in Lumberville on September 1, 1946.
The Lumberville Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="5928638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928638" title="Berkshire East Ski Resort">
Berkshire East Ski Resort

Berkshire East Ski Resort is a medium sized alpine ski area located on Mount Institute in Charlemont and Hawley, Massachusetts.
History.
Thunder Mountain Ski Area.
Organized skiing started on Mt. Institute in the mid-1950s when Arthur Parker opened a small rope tow operation. Due to weather and other difficulties, it closed after one short season.
Parker spent the balance of the decade gathering investors for a much larger operation on the same mountain. The first double chairlift, a Mueller, was installed for the grand re-opening 1961-62 season. A second double chairlift, another Mueller, was installed in 1962.
Notable skiers during this time included former Massachusetts Governor Endicott Peabody and Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy.
New ownership took over in late 1965, changing the name to Berkshire East at the end of the decade.
Berkshire East Ski Resort.
The ownership group struggled, trying a variety of ill-fated expansion plans. By 1975, Berkshire East was bankrupt and outdated with two partially installed chairlifts and two antiquated Mueller chairlifts. Current management soon took over and began a steady series of investments.
A Hall double chairlift was installed in 1978. A fourth chairlift, an SLI, was also installed in the late 1970s.
In 1995, the first Mueller double chairlift was replaced with a Poma triple chairlift. A Hall double chairlift was added in 2001. In 2003, the second Mueller double chairlift was replaced with a Borvig-Leitner quad chairlift.
In 2008, Berkshire East replaced a novice handle tow with a magic carpet lift.
As of 2008, the ski area has 45 trails and five lifts, in addition to the tubing slope and lift. Berkshire East is currently the only alpine ski area in Franklin County open to the public.
In 2010 the Diamond Express Hall double chairlift (1978) was replaced with a Poma triple chairlift.
In 2011, the ski area added a PowerWind 56 900 kWh wind turbine. This addition, makes Berkshire East the first ski area in the world to be 100% powered by onsite renewable energy. 
Snowmaking.
Berkshire East can make snow on all of its trails. The snowmaking system is composed almost exclusively of fan guns. The snowmaking fleet is dominated by SMI Polecats and Wizzards, as well as Areco fan guns.
Racing.
Berkshire East and Thunder Mountain have both been known for strong racing programs. Numerous successful racers, ranging from Massachusetts high school state champions to United States Ski Team members have trained and raced at Berkshire East. Berkshire East frequently hosts USSA and MIAA slalom and giant slalom championship races.
Other activities.
In 2007, Berkshire East expanded operations beyond skiing and snowboarding by opening a snow tubing slope, serviced by a magic carpet surface lift.
In 2009, Berkshire East announced the construction of multiple zip lines, creating a canopy tour business called Berkshire East Canopy Tours.
Berkshire East Canopy Tours is one of the largest zip lines companies in North America. It boasts nearly 4.5 miles of zip lines, and features two of the longest zip lines in the United States with X1, and X2. These zips are about a half mile in length and are nearly 200' above the ground.
In 2013,Berkshire East was given approval to build the longest Alpine Coaster in North America, which would feature a mile of steel track.

</doc>
<doc id="5928640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928640" title="Leonard Blavatnik">
Leonard Blavatnik

Len Blavatnik (, "Leonid Valentinovich Blavatnik") (born June 14, 1957) is a Ukrainian-born American businessman, investor, and philanthropist. He has made his fortune through business via diversified investments in a myriad of companies through his conglomerate company, Access Industries.
Early life and education.
Blavatnik was born in Odessa to a Russian-speaking Jewish family. He unsuccessfully applied to Moscow State University; he was refused admission due to his Jewish descent. He attended Moscow State University of Railway Engineering, but did not complete his coursework due to the family's request for immigration visa's approval. His family emigrated to the United States in 1978, and received a masters in computer science from Columbia University and an MBA degree from Harvard Business School in 1989. In the West, he is known as Len Blavatnik.
Career.
In 1986, he founded Access Industries, an international conglomerate company located in New York, of which he is chairman and president. Access has long-term strategic holdings in Europe, North and South America. Initially, he moved into Russian investments, just after the fall of communism. He and a friend from university, Viktor Vekselberg, formed the Renova investment vehicle, and then the two joined with Mikhail Fridman's Alfa Group to form the AAR venture. Access has diversified its portfolio to include investments in industries such as oil, entertainment, coal, aluminum, petrochemicals and plastics, telecommunications, media, and real estate.
Access Industries bought petrochemicals and plastics manufacturer Basell Polyolefins from Royal Dutch Shell and BASF for $5.7 billion in August 2005. On December 20, 2007, Basell completed its acquisition of the Lyondell Chemical Company for an enterprise value of approximately $19 billion. The resulting company, LyondellBasell Industries is the world's third largest chemical company based on net sales. On January 6, 2009, the U.S. operations of LyondellBasell Industries filed for bankruptcy. On April 30, 2010, LyondellBasell emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in a significantly improved financial position. As part of its exit financing, LyondellBasell raised $3.25 billion of first priority debt as well as $2.8 billion through the rights offering jointly underwritten by Access Industries, Apollo Management, and Ares Management. LyondellBasell stock has increased 103% in value since April 2010. Access currently owns approximately 14% of LyondellBasell.
In early 2010, Access Industries was reported as one of the handful of bidders for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. In 2010, Blavatnik sued JPMorgan Chase after losing $100 million after following Morgan's advice to buy mortgage securities of AAA credit rating in 2007. JPMorgan Chase was ordered to pay $50 million to Blavatnik on August 27, 2013. AAR gained a controlling stake in Russian oil company TNK through privatization auctions, then in 2003 a sold 50% stake to British Petroleum to form TNK-BP, one of Russia's largest oil companies, where Blavatnik served on the board of directors. On March 21, 2013, Rosneft completed its $55 billion acquisition of TNK-BP. Blavatnik also has interests in UC Rusal, the world's largest aluminum producer, where he sits on the board. On May 6, 2011, Warner Music Group announced its sale to Access for US$3.3 billion. On July 20, 2011, an Access affiliate acquired Warner Music Group for $3.3 billion.
Blavatnik is also a member of the Global Advisory Board of the Centre for International Business and Management at Cambridge University, a member of the board of Dean's Advisors at the Harvard Business School and a member of the academic board at Tel Aviv University.
Philanthropy.
Blavatnik, the Blavatnik Family Foundation and Access companies have supported many cultural and philanthropic institutions over the past 15 years, including serving as the primary benefactors for numerous, major art and cultural exhibitions, including the British Museum, Tate Modern, Royal Opera House, National Portrait Gallery and Museum of Modern Art. Since 2007, the Blavatnik Family Foundation has supported the Blavatnik Awards for Young Scientists together with the New York Academy of Sciences. The annual award recognizes the accomplishments of outstanding young scientists in life sciences, physical sciences and engineering and provides all finalists with a significant cash prize.
Blavatnik sponsors a Colel Chabad food bank and warehouse in Kiryat Malakhi, Israel, which sends monthly food shipments to 5,000 poor families in 25 Israeli cities, and before Jewish holidays to 30,000 families in 73 Israeli cities, towns and villages.
In 2010, it was announced that Blavatnik and the Blavatnik Family Foundation would donate £75 million to the University of Oxford to establish a new school of government. The gift is one of the largest philanthropic gifts in the university’s 900-year history. Blavatnik has also indicated the possibility of increasing his benefaction up to £100 million over time. The Blavatnik School of Government began accepting students in September 2012. The new permanent home of the school will be constructed on the Radcliffe Observatory Quarter in Oxford. Architects of the buildings, which are scheduled to be finished by summer 2015, are the Swiss architects Herzog & de Meuron. The first dean of the school is professor Ngaire Woods. In 2013, Harvard announced a $50 million donation from Blavatnik's foundation to sponsor life sciences entrepreneurship at the university.
Wealth.
In the Sunday Times Rich List 2014, Blavatnik was listed as the fourth richest person in the UK, down from second place in 2013 after a reported loss of £1 billion. Forbes ranks Blavatnik as the world's 39th richest person, with an estimated fortune of US $18.7 billion (Sept 2013).
Personal life.
Blavatnik is married to Emily Appelson Blavatnik. He has four children, two boys and two girls.

</doc>
<doc id="5928653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928653" title="Lex (canon law)">
Lex (canon law)

'Lex' is Latin for one sense of the English term, law. In the Canon Law of the Catholic Church, "lex" refers to law which has been formulated in written form and promulgated by competent authority. While this is the usual sense of "law" in modern legal systems, the legal system of the Catholic Church includes another form of law, ius, which refers to the oral teachings, practices, customs, theological understandings of liturgy and liturgical practices generally prior to the Council of Nicea in 325 a.d., when written legislation became the normative means of communicating Church law.
"Lex" takes several forms: 
It is important to understand that much of Church legislation (unless otherwise stated) is either a development of earlier law or a restatement of earlier law, particularly law contained in the oral tradition from apostolic teaching, or "ius".

</doc>
<doc id="5928658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928658" title="Keramat">
Keramat

In Islamic mystical philosophy and in "Irfan", keramat ( "karāmat", also "karāmāt" = "karaamaat") is the ability to perform supernatural wonders by saintly Muslims. It is "thaumaturgic gift" akin to the miracles of prophets.
Sufis and Alevis believe that, whereas miracles can only be performed by prophets (Allah creates the miracle in support to His prophets) and are a testament to their prophethood, karaamaat are extraordinary things performed by awliyaa', who are not prophets but are common Muslims who have reached a high rank of piety through proper knowledge of and practice of Islam, and most importantly through the constant zikr, that is, remembrance of Allah. Allah creates karamaat to support the waliyy.
Keramats only occur by the will of Allah and the said "wali" is not in control of them. Keramats can not be used to distinguish a truthful saint from a pseudo one. One of the greatest keramats in a saint is their ability to act upon the inward and outward traditions of Muhammad. Many keramats that have been reported and postulated by many well known sufis have no basis in sharia (Islamic sacred laws) because they have no isnad (chain of narration). The noble traditions, or hadith, on the other hand, do contain many reports of companions of prophet Muhammad performing miraculous acts.

</doc>
<doc id="5928660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928660" title="Donnell Harvey">
Donnell Harvey

Donnell Eugene Harvey (born August 26, 1980) is an American professional basketball player. He previously played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for the New Jersey Nets, Denver Nuggets, Dallas Mavericks, Orlando Magic, and Phoenix Suns.
Harvey was born in Shellman, Georgia. He attended Randolph-Clay High School in Cuthbert, Georgia where he was the consensus 1999 national high school player of the year. In 1999, he was in the McDonald's All-America Game, was in the USA Today All-USA 1st Team in 1999, and got the Naismith Award as nation's top high school player in 1999.
Harvey accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Billy Donovan's Florida Gators men's basketball team during the 1999–2000 season. After starting three-fourths of the Gators' first 12 games, he lost his starting spot to Brent Wright after returning home over the New Year's break because of homesickness. Harvey averaged 10.2 points, 7.0 rebounds and 1.0 assists per game and was voted to the SEC All-Freshman Team in his only season playing college basketball.
Harvey was selected by the New York Knicks with the 22nd overall pick of the 2000 NBA Draft and then traded, along with John Wallace, to the Mavericks in exchange for Erick Strickland and Pete Mickeal. He was in Dallas until he was traded to the Denver Nuggets in February 2002. Harvey then latched on to the Orlando Magic in September 2003, only to be traded to the Phoenix Suns in December 2003. He was signed then waived by the Atlanta Hawks in October 2004. Harvey joined the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) in December 2004. He was called up to the New Jersey Nets in February 2005 but was waived later that month.
Harvey then played for Panionios (Greece) from September 2005 until March 2006. He then went to Besiktas (Turkey) in 2006-07, then later went to Rieti (Italy) in July 2007.
Harvey has also played for Banvitspor in Turkey and the Carolina Giants in Puerto Rico (2009). In November 2010, Harvey signed with the Bosnian club KK Igokea.
After playing for Jiangsu in the Chinese Basketball Association for the 2008-09 and 2009-10 seasons, Harvey played 32 games with Tianjin Ronggang for the 2011-12 season, averaging 24.7 points and 14.7 rebounds per game.
He joined the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters replacing the injured Omar Samhan for the 2012 PBA Commissioner's Cup. He led the Texters to the finals, but the team ultimately lost to the B-Meg Llamados 4-3. During Game 7 of the Finals, he fouled out late in the 4th quarter despite having a superb performance. Later that year, he returned to Tianjin Ronggang. In 2013, he rejoined the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters. However, he left the team midseason to be with his children in the United States as they recovered from a car accident.

</doc>
<doc id="5928663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928663" title="Transportation in Houston">
Transportation in Houston

Roads and highways.
Houston’s freeway system includes 575.5 miles of freeways and expressways in the 10-county metro area. The State of Texas plans to spend $5.06 billion on Houston area highways between 2002 and 2007. Houston freeways are heavily traveled and often under construction to meet the demands of continuing growth. Interstate 45 south has been in a continuous state of construction, in one portion or another, almost since the first segment, the Gulf Freeway—Texas's first freeway—was opened in 1948. Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) planners have sought ways to reduce rush hour congestion, primarily through High-occupancy vehicle (HOV) lanes for vans and carpools. Timed freeway entrances, which regulate the addition of cars to the freeway, are also common. Houston has an extensive network of freeway cameras linked to a traffic management center, to monitor and study traffic. One characteristic of Houston's freeways (and Texas freeways in general) are its frontage roads (which locals call "feeders"). Alongside most freeways are two to four lanes in each direction parallel to the freeway permitting easy access to individual city streets. Frontage roads provide access to the freeway from businesses alongside, such as gas stations and retail stores. New landscaping projects and a longstanding ban on new billboards are ways Houston has tried to control the potential side effects of convenience.
Houston has a hub-and-spoke freeway structure with multiple loops. The innermost is Interstate 610, forming approximately a loop around downtown. The roughly square "Loop-610" is quartered into "North Loop," "South Loop," "West Loop," and "East Loop." The roads of Beltway 8 and their freeway core, the Sam Houston Tollway, are the next loop, at a diameter of roughly 25 miles. A proposed highway project, State Highway 99 (The Grand Parkway), would form a third loop outside of Houston, though some sections of this project have been controversial. As of 2007, the completed portion of State Highway 99 runs from just north of Interstate 10, west of Houston, to Interstate 69/U.S. Highway 59 in Sugar Land, southwest of Houston, and was completed in 1994. The next portion to be constructed is from the current terminus at Interstate 69/U.S. Highway 59 to State Highway 288 in Brazoria County.
Houston also lies along the route of the proposed Interstate 69 North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) superhighway that will link Canada, the U.S. industrial mid-west, Texas, and Mexico.
Mass transit.
The Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas, or METRO, provides public transportation in the form of buses, trolleys, and lift vans.
METRO began running light rail service (METRORail) on January 1, 2004. Currently the track runs approximately 13 miles (13 km) from Downtown Houston to the Texas Medical Center and Reliant Park Southbound and to the Northline Mall Northbound. METRO operates an extensive park-and-ride bus system to serve many of Houston's outlying suburban areas. Most of the park-and-ride buses run in barrier-separated high-occupancy-vehicle (HOV) lanes that provide direct service from park-and-ride parking lots to major employment destinations. Prior to the opening of METRORail, Houston was the largest city in the United States without a rail transit system.
Following a successful referendum held locally in 2003, METRO is currently in the beginning design phases of a 10-year expansion plan to add five more sections to connect to the current rail system. An 8.3 mile (13.4 km) expansion has been approved to run the service from the Uptown through Texas Southern University, ending at the University of Houston campus.
In addition, Harris County Transit operates some services in the portion of Clear Lake City in Houston.
Airports.
Airports within the city limits.
Houston is served by two commercial airports—the largest of which is the George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH). The airport is the 11th-busiest in the United States for total passengers, and 16th busiest worldwide. Bush Intercontinental is United Airlines largest hub, with more than 650 daily departures (more than 450 of which are United flights).
Bush Intercontinental currently ranks second in the United States for non-stop domestic and international service (221 destinations), trailing only Atlanta Hartsfield with 250 destinations. In 2006, the United States Department of Transportation named Bush Intercontinental one of the top ten fastest growing airports in the United States.
The second-largest commercial airport in Houston is the William P. Hobby Airport (named Houston International Airport until 1967). The airport operates primarily small to medium-haul flights and is the only airport in Houston served by Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways.
The third-largest airport and former U.S. Air Force base, Ellington Airport (formerly Ellington Field), is primarily used for government and private aircraft. At one point, Continental Express operated flights across the city to Bush Intercontinental primarily for residents of southeast Houston and Galveston County. Passenger flights ended on September 7, 2004.
The Federal Aviation Administration and the state of Texas selected the Houston Airport System, which manages Bush, Hobby, and Ellington, as Airport of the Year for 2005, largely because of its multi-year, $3.1 billion airport improvement program for both major airports in Houston.
Andrau Airpark, a privately owned airport, was located in Houston until 1998; it was demolished and as of 2008 contains the Royal Oaks Country Club subdivision.
Airports for fixed-wing aircraft outside of the city limits.
Publicly owned airports outside of the city limits.
The following publicly owned airports are in the Houston area:
Privately owned airports outside of the city limits.
The following privately owned airports for public use are in the Houston area:
Air traffic control center.
The Houston Air Route Traffic Control Center stands on the George Bush Intercontinental Airport grounds.
Intercity rail.
Amtrak, the national rail passenger system, provides service to Houston via the (Los Angeles–New Orleans), which stops at the Houston Station on the north side of the Downtown area. The station saw 10,855 boardings and alightings in FY 2006.
A high-speed rail line is proposed to run non-stop from Houston to Dallas by the year of 2020.
Intercity bus.
Greyhound Lines operates services from five stations:
In addition, Greyhound operates services from two stops [http://www.greyhound.com/scripts/en/TicketCenter/locations.asp?state=tx]:
Greyhound also provides seamless connecting service to major cities in Mexico via Autobuses Americanos [http://www.autobusesamericanos.com.mx/] at the main bus station in midtown.
Greyhound also operates services to stops within the Greater Houston area, including:
Kerrville Bus Company [http://www.kervillebus.com/] operates from the Houston Greyhound Station in conjunction with Greyhound.
Megabus [http://us.megabus.com/] operates low-cost double-decker coaches from Houston to major cities in Texas and Louisiana.
El Expreso Bus Company [http://www.elexpreso.net/english.php] operates services to a station in Houston adjacent to the Greyhound Station.
Tornado Bus Company operates services to two stations in Houston [http://tornadobus.com/houston.html], with one along Airline Drive and one along Harrisburg.
In the 1990s various bus companies began operations in the East End, serving Mexico and other parts of the United States from East End terminals.
Intercity bus to airport.
VivaAerobus, a Mexican airline, operated a bus shuttle between Austin-Bergstrom International Airport South Terminal and the Omnibus Mexicanos Bus Terminal in eastern Houston for VivaAerobus passengers on flights going to and from Cancun and Monterrey. On May 16, 2009, VivaAerobus stated it would cease passenger operations at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport on May 31, 2009. The airline blamed the pullout in part on the outbreak of the swine flu, which caused an unprecedented decrease in demand for service.
Pedestrian travel.
Texas Department of Transportation statistics said that in an eight county area including Houston, between 2003 and 2008, around 100 pedestrians died and 1,175 were injured in accidents every year. Mark Seegers, a spokesperson for Harris County commissioner Sylvia Garcia, said in 2009 that "The county does not do sidewalks; it’s not what gets cars predominate form of transportation in the Houston area from point A to point B." Robin Holzer, a transportation advocate with the Citizens' Transportation Coalition, criticized the emphasis on automobiles, saying "The people on foot and bike are trying to go to the same schools and restaurants and shops as people in cars are going to."
In 2005 the Houston-Galveston Area Council identified several communities in Harris County considered to be among the most hazardous to pedestrians. Many of them, including Greenspoint and Gulfton, are located outside of the 610 Loop. In 2009 the lobby group Transportation for America said that the Houston area was the eighth most dangerous area for pedestrians in 2007-2008.
Demographics by mode of travel.
Dan Felstein and Claudia Kolker of the "Houston Chronicle" said in 1997 that most Houstonians who take public transportation are poor. A 1995 survey concluded that 76% of people riding on local bus lines of the Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County (METRO) took the buses because they had no other means of transportation. A 1993 survey concluded that of the people who had stopped riding local bus routes of METRO, 46% had acquired or repaired automobiles. 37% of the respondents said that METRO could not possibly do anything to convince them to ride the buses again.
As of U.S. Census figures current as of 1997, 9% of residents in Harris County did not own automobiles. This figure does not include people who own cars, but do not have enough money to repair the automobiles. As of that year, while the average income of all residents of the county was $41,000, the average income of households without cars was $13,000.
In Harris County, the average one way commute for a person using an automobile was 25 minutes, while the average commute for a person not using an automobile was 44 minutes, a 76% longer duration than the figure for commuters with cars.
As of 1997 many of the lower socio-economic groups, such as the homeless or new-immigrants, rely on bicycles, family members, and neighbors for transportation. Dan Feldstein and Claudia Kolker of the "Houston Chronicle" said that "ironically, some of the poorest Houstonians have wider transportation options than their middle-class counterparts."

</doc>
<doc id="5928664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928664" title="Lake Braddock">
Lake Braddock

Lake Braddock is a reservoir in the community of Burke in Fairfax County, Virginia, USA. Lake Braddock is created by an impoundment on a tributary stream of Pohick Creek, itself a tributary of the Potomac River.

</doc>
<doc id="5928665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928665" title="Aa Yakyū Jinsei Itchokusen">
Aa Yakyū Jinsei Itchokusen

Summary.
The plot of the game involves playing the character of a rising young baseball star and turning him into a professional baseball player. During the course of the game, the player must brave the advantages and disadvantages of growing up and becoming a man as the temptations of childhood, adolescence, and young adulthood threaten to undermine his ability to make money as a professional ball player.
If the player lands in a humiliation square, there is a chance that the character will get his underwear placed on top of his head. Being victimized by this disaster will always cause the player to lose three points in every statistic. The player could also be rushed to the hospital for an emergency (which causes an identical amount of damage to his statistics). During the game, the player can use the powers of the occult to either help him improve his stats or to hinder an opponent in many different ways. In addition to using the occult to increase or decrease a player's stats, spirits can also be invoked to cause an opponent to lose his next turn.
Gameplay.
Childhood and adolescence.
As the player advances in age and becomes more attractive, the system used to move a player evolves as the game progresses from early childhood to young adulthood. The game starts out with "Rock-paper-scissors" to provide an element of childhood diplomacy and the innocence of the elementary school years. Once the player graduates to high school and matures in his thinking, the childhood diplomacy is replaced by a power meter. The longer the player waits to hit the action button, the further he goes on the board. But if he waits too long, then he doesn't move at all and misses a turn. When transferring between elementary school and high school or between high school and the real world, the player must impress both his father and the head coach by doing interactive miniature games. These vital exercises involve physical fitness exercises that would be considered useful in baseball. Running around all the bases in less than twenty seconds and running across a field with a tire behind his back in less than ten seconds are the challenges that the head coach will give to the player. In addition to how fast the player can keep hitting the action button, the weight and height of the player's virtual identity will play an important role in the success of the exercises.
Self-esteem is boosted when the player successfully completes the athletic assignment; this is naturally followed by a promotion to either a more prestigious high school or to be assigned to a generic minor league team with ties to the Nippon Professional Baseball organization. Failure will make the father angry because a son usually looks up to his father for advice; causing a decline in self-esteem. The player will also be relegated to either a less prestigious high school or play for a second rate minor league team because of his performance at the miniature game.
Adulthood.
After the player graduates from high school, the "power meter" method of moving the player across the board is replaced by a virtual batting screen. This is meant to represent a real-world baseball situation. If the player misses the ball when he is up to bat, the consequence would involve losing a turn to the next player. There are numbers with a value between one and six on a wall; successfully hitting the ball to one of the spaces moves the player in that many number of spaces around the baseball diamond. The player must strive to get drafted when the player reaches home base. Otherwise, he must take a vacation and train to get drafted in the next round. There is a mini-game to determine the player's starting annual salary when he gets drafted; professional baseball salaries start out at 100,000,000 yen and can reach a maximum of 600 trillion yen depending on his timing at the mini-game.
The player's salary is also indirectly influenced by the stats accumulated throughout the game. After the starting salary is determined, the player's avatar signs with the professional baseball team. The newly minted pro baseball player proceeds to look up in the starry sky as part of the game's closing title because that is where his father showed him all the stars in the game's opening title (i.e., when he was a child).
Limitations.
There are five stats to worry about in the game: weight (in kilograms); affected by eating food, height (in centimetres); affected by drinking milk, stamina, charisma, and self-esteem (face). Statistics in the three main developmental characteristics (stamina-charisma-self-esteem) can actually go into the negative if the player has bad luck with the choices that are offered near the beginning of the game.
However, it is impossible for the player to become a father himself because the primary goal of the game is to become the number one draft choice of a professional baseball team. Also excluded from the game are the concepts of marriage, divorce, purchasing some form of real estate like a house or a mansion, and the inevitable aspect of retiring from professional baseball. The game only permits male characters to be created for the purpose of a single game because the Japanese suffix is used rather than the Japanese suffix for young females. Due to the subject matter of the game, there is no possible way of making a female character using either normal methods or any form of cheating.

</doc>
<doc id="5928668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928668" title="Lee Yeongdo">
Lee Yeongdo

Lee Yeongdo (Hangul:이영도, Hanja:李英道; born 1972) is a Korean novelist known for his work in fantasy and science fiction genre. He is best known for his "Dragon Raja" series of fantasy novels which is also his debut work, serialised on an online forum from 1997 and published on its completion in 1998.
At the time "Dragon Raja" was first published, Korean readership for fantasy genre(specifically its medievalist form) was considered unsubstantial and unaccounted for by press. But "Dragon Raja" has sold close to 2 million books in 4 languages.
This was a significant feat for the fantasy genre in Korea where the annual circulation of domestic literature and fiction titles as a whole, ranges between 12~20 million copies.
Dragon Raja's success has prompted a rapid growth of Korean fantasy and science fiction genre, and contributed to the growing acceptance of works written online, known as Internet literature, both by the country's general public and literary world.
Lee is currently one of the best-selling fantasy writer in Korea.
Background.
Early life.
Lee was born in 1972 in Busan, South Korea, the first child of two brothers. When Lee was 2 years old, his family moved to Masan in South Gyeongsang Province where he has lived since. As a child he read heavily in various subjects. In 1991 he entered Kyungnam University where he studied Korean language and literature.
He started writing seriously from 1993, but didn't think that he would be writing novels.
Beginnings of the "typer".
Mid-1990s were when fantasy and science fiction literature was just being introduced to Korea. Lee remembered that "if you asked people what is fantasy, they would say 'Isn't that like western martial arts'" in a 2008 interview. He found the genre attractive and decided to try a story with it. It was also when various online service providers similar to CompuServe in United States (but different in its interface being text-only) were emerging, and Lee joined one such provider, Hitel, to start posting on its Serial forum what would be the first chapters of "Dragon Raja".
Lee serialized "Dragon Raja" from October 1997 to April 1998, referring to himself as "typer" for he typed and not penned his work. The chapters quickly gained popularity and readers began waiting online for Lee to post the new ones, usually well after midnight. Lee's readers called themselves zombies, and Lee the Necromancer summoning them online every night.
Through its 6-month running, "Dragon Raja" accumulated 900,000 hits, and its publishing rights were soon taken by Golden Bough, an imprint of Minumsa Publishing Group. Beginning in May 1998, the novel was published in 12 paperback volumes.
In the midst of his debut success, Lee began typing his second novel "Future Walker", a sequel to "Dragon Raja". "Future Walker" was serialised on the same forum from October 1998 to June 1999, and published in August by Golden Bough in 7 paperback volumes.
Lee continued to use Hitel's serial forum for writing his novels such as "Polaris Rhapsody", "The Bird That Drinks Tears", "The Bird That Drinks Blood" and a few short stories. All of these stories were published upon completion(and deleted from the forum) or collected in later publications by Golden Bough, which remains Lee's publisher today.
This practice of online serialization and getting published based on its popularity (estimated by the work's view counts) surged in fantasy, science, romance fiction in Korea. Online forums dedicated to these genres opened in hundreds by 2000 attracting prospective writers, and caused the boom of the Internet literature.
Outside the forum he published a short story, "Over the Horizon" as an e-book in 2000, and wrote a series of children's stories for RedPen study books, published by Kyowon Co. Ltd.
After Hitel.
Advent of the internet caused the decline of Hitel and other commercial online services, and Lee's readership on the forum was greatly reduced. But Lee continued to use Hitel forum to 2005, completing "The Bird That Drinks Blood," the last of his multi-volume novels as of August 2011.
After the forum was closed in 2007 Lee said in an interview that he was searching for a place to serialize his work online, saying that "the realtime feedback from the readers is a big joy, and I miss that feeling."
But he found it difficult to find a replacement to the old text-only forum, which was "easier for to access because [the forum's white text on blue limited one's expression to text, 
and it enabled to show individuality purely through words." The web's increased sense of community and of the writer's presence thereby, made it more difficult for him. "I believe words and people are separate," Lee said, "some people may like a writing and want to find about the writer, but I don't."
Between 2005 and 2008 Lee wrote several short stories for science fiction magazines, including "Regarding the Translation of KAIWAPANDOM" which has been translated into English.
There were talks of publishing "Dragon Raja" in the United States in 2006, to which Lee's response was "I don't want to disgrace our country."
Lee's publisher Golden Bough has run an online community from 1999 where the publisher and Lee's fans discuss and actively participate in publication of Lee's current and upcoming works. There the publisher ran limited edition campaigns for "Polaris Rhapsody" in 2000 and for "Dragon Raja" 's 10-year anniversary in 2008. In 2011, a campaign for the new hardback edition for "Future Walker" has been announced.
Officially, not much is known about Lee's life outside writing, other than that he helps out at his parent's persimmon farm in his spare time.
Writing (or Typing).
Since his debut with "Dragon Raja" Lee became known for his prolific writing, publishing 40 books including 6 novels in 7 years. When asked about his speed in writing, Lee said "it just gets written, and once started I can't contain it and sometimes write as much as pages a day" but that "each line after line is hard still" nevertheless.
He enjoys intellectual play in his works, constantly twisting words and philosophical concepts. Lee says "the way I like is, even if it becomes difficult, separating what can be separated."
Korean fantasy genre.
Lee is credited as one of the pioneers for Korean fantasy and its growing acceptance by the literary world, due to the political and philosophical discourse and the huge scale of the created world in his works. His own response to this tends to stay non-opinionated.
Lee is quoted to say that "fantasy is better when read as fantasy." He explains this in a Naver interview that "treating "The Lord of the Rings" as a shoddy allegory to reality and reading it as Orientalism literature where Gandalf the 'White' crowns the returned king of the 'West', would leave a lot of the novels to be missed. (If you admit such, almost outrageous logic, because humanity becomes extincts many times, Kurt Vonnegut would be anti-humanism, sadly.)" He explained "fantasy is fantasy, and not the reality's narrow allegories or scary simulacra; it is neither reality in disguise nor does it expel the reality and take its place." Lee described reading fantasy as "going into fantasy to gain something, or to give something, and we simply return to the reality" giving Michael Ende's "The Neverending Story" as a great example for this. Lee says on the other hand, being "fantastic" has little to do with quality of a fantasy work.
Style and major themes.
Lee plays on words and heavily uses defamiliarization, often involving metaphysical conversations among characters. Philosophical discourse plays a major part in the plot of his novels.
Lee's play on words applies to characters' names as well. From "Dragon Raja" and "Future Walker" Karl Heltant has a sharp mind and a first name that is a Korean word for knife(칼 "kal"), while Sanson Percival's hands are strong in battle, or "ssen son"(센 손). Two brothers in "Polaris Rhapsody" are named Sopala and Sosara, or Sellcow and Buycow, while another two in "The Bird That Drinks Blood" are named Saramal and Paramal, or Buyhorse and Sellhorse.
Lee examines and questions human nature, which affects the destiny of human race in his stories. In "Dragon Raja" series the human race is defined by its power and will to cause change. While other races like elves, dwarves and dragons are defined by their characteristics and strength, they are described to lack the ability to change as humans do. Thus human race is empowered to change the world (in human-centered ways) and to cause its time to go on. This power the humanity has over the world is explored in "Future Walker". In "Polaris Rhapsody" Lee incorporates the humanity's desire for revenge and for freedom in feudal conflicts and pirate wars. This conflict of revenge and freedom also involves Highmasters of Pandamonium, similar to Seven princes of Hell, who cast a vote to decide the human race's destiny.
Lee's novels also investigate religion and politics. In "Polaris Rhapsody" a Church that is similar to Catholic Church in the Middle Ages coexists with the Highmasters who are heavily involved in the human warfare and politics. Gods play an essential part in the people's life in "The Bird That Drinks Tears." The novel's title means someone who would drink the tears of others; the ideal ruler who would take away the sorrows of the people. The concept of an ideal ruler, referred to as "the king(왕), commonly appears in Lee's works. In "The Bird That Drinks Tears" the human race is characterized by its search for the king, and the sequel "The Bird That Drinks Blood" is about an empire that one such king has given the birth to. The empire accomplishes peace and order, ruled over by a grand flying capital. The story is told by various characters in different groups, who have different purposes in relation to the empire and its absolute power over people.
Bibliography.
"Dragon Raja" series.
"Dragon Raja" series consists of 2 multi-volume and 1 single-volume novels, 3 short stories and a children's story. The stories take place in a fictional world on an unnamed continent which draws upon the works of J.R.R. Tolkien in its presence of dragons, elves, orcs, dwarves and halfings, and also upon D&D in its system of magic.
Each novel's stories differ greatly from one to another, the last novel "Marks of Shadow" taking place a thousands years after "Dragon Raja" and "Future Walker".
Short stories.
Collected as "A Scene from a Laboratory," these are prequel to "Dragon Raja" and "Future Walker."
"Bird" series.
The "Bird" series is set in a world of four deities and their four races of chosen people--Nagas, Lekons, Dokkaebis and humans. The series has been acclaimed for its use of old Korean language and allusion to Korean medieval history and mythology in the world's creation.
Adaptations.
Dragon Raja Online.
Lee's "Dragon Raja" world and its main characters have been used as a basis for a MMORPG, Dragon Raja Online, or DRO. The game began development in 1998 with the investment by Samsung Electronics, and was released in 2000 in South Korea, and later in 10 countries including Taiwan and China as 龍族.
where the novel was published in the same title and marketed along with the game.
After a series of M&A of its developing company over the years, DRO's Korean service was closed in 2011. The English version of the game however, can be accessed at here and the global service has remained live. (August 2011)
Dragon Raja Mobile.
In 2004 a mobile RPG "Dragon Raja Mobile", or DRM, was released through KTF's mobile game services. The game's storyline of 15-hours playtime on average, was based on the beginning chapters of the novel.
Illustrated novels.
The Japanese edition of "Dragon Raja" and "Future Walker" are illustrated by Eiji Kaneda who is known for his works for the anime series Genesis of Aquarion.
The online versions of Lee's short stories "Regarding the Translation of KAIWAPANDOM" and "Regarding Starknitting" include a few illustrations.
Comic books.
"Dragon Raja" was an inspiration for a series of comic books by Son Bong-gyu of the same title.
Lee's short story "About the Robot that Became a Savior" was adapted into a short comic by Onesound
Radio.
"Dragon Raja" was adopted as a part of KBS Radio 2's "Fantasy Express" program, and the total of 83 episodes ran in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5928682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928682" title="Geography of Houston">
Geography of Houston

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of — of it is land and of it is water. The total area is 3.7 percent water.
Houston is located in the gulf coastal plains biome, and its vegetation is classified as temperate grassland. Much of the city was built on marshes, swamp, or prairie—all of which can still be seen in surrounding areas.
Much of Houston is very flat, making flooding a recurring problem for its residents. The city stands about 50 feet above sea level—the highest area within city limits being 90 feet. However, coastal subsidence has caused the elevation to drop 10 feet or more in certain areas. The subsidence was caused by extensive use of ground water and the extraction of oil and natural gas. The city turned to ground-level water sources such as Lake Houston which was created in 1953 and Lake Conroe of which Houston owns two-thirds interest.
Houston has four major bayous passing through the city: Buffalo Bayou, which runs into downtown and the Houston Ship Channel; and three of its tributaries: Brays Bayou, which runs along the Texas Medical Center; White Oak Bayou, which runs through the Heights and near the northwest area; and Sims Bayou, which runs through the south of Houston and downtown Houston. The ship channel goes past Galveston and into the Gulf of Mexico.
Houston is located east of Austin, and south of Dallas.
Geology.
Underpinning Houston's land surface are unconsolidated clays, clay shales, and poorly-cemented sands up to several miles deep. The region's geology developed from stream deposits from the erosion of the Rocky Mountains. These sediments consist of a series of sands and clays deposited on decaying organic matter that, over time, transformed into oil and natural gas. Beneath these tiers is a water-deposited layer of halite, a rock salt. The porous layers were compressed over time and forced upward. As it pushed upward, the salt dragged surrounding sediments into dome shapes, often trapping oil and gas that seeped from the surrounding porous sands. This thick rich soil also provides a good environment for rice farming in suburban outskirts that the city continues to grow into near Katy. Evidence of past rice farming is even still evident in developed areas as there is an abundance of rich dark loamy top soil.
The Houston region is generally earthquake-free. While the city of Houston contains 86 mapped and historically active surface faults with an aggregate length of 149 miles (240 km), the clay below the surface precludes the buildup of friction that produces ground shaking in earthquakes. These faults generally move at a smooth rate in what is termed "fault creep."
Cityscape.
When Houston was established in 1837, the city's founders—John Kirby Allen and Augustus Chapman Allen—divided it into political geographic districts called "wards." The ward designation is the progenitor of the current-day Houston City Council districts—there are nine in all.
Locations in Houston are generally classified as either being inside or outside Interstate 610, known as the "610 Loop" or simply "The Loop". Inside the loop generally encompasses the central business district, and has come to define an urban lifestyle and state of mind. The appellation “inner looper” carries with it the expectation of someone who appreciates cosmopolitan-style city life. Elizabeth Long, the author of the 2003 book "Book Clubs: Women and the Uses of Reading in Everyday Life", wrote that most of the upper middle classes in the 610 Loop live in the southwestern part of the inner city in the areas near Hermann Park, the Houston Museum District, Rice University, and the Texas Medical Center, while some portions of northern Houston and Eastern Houston have been gentrified and also have upper middle classes.
The outlying areas of Houston, the airports and the city's suburbs and enclaves are outside the Loop. Another ring road, Beltway 8 (also known simply as the "Beltway" or as the "Sam Houston Tollway"), encircles the city another 5 miles (8 km) farther out. Parts of Beltway 8 are toll roads, but for most of the route motorists can drive in the adjacent "feeder" or service roads at no charge. Farm to Market Road 1960 (FM 1960) forms a semicircle in northern Houston and is another dividing line. The third ring road, State Highway 99 (also known as the Grand Parkway), is under construction. Long stated that most of the wealthier Houston suburbs are west and north of the central city, while to the southeast the Clear Lake/NASA " another burgeoning concentration of largely aerospace-related prosperity".
Houston, being the largest city in the United States without zoning laws, has grown in an unusual manner. Rather than a single "downtown" as the center of the city's employment, five additional business districts have grown throughout the inner-city—they are Uptown, Texas Medical Center, Greenway Plaza, Westchase, and Greenspoint. If these business districts were combined, they would form the third-largest downtown in the United States. The city also has the third-largest skyline in the country (after New York City and Chicago), but because it is spread over a few miles, pictures of the city show—for the most part—the main downtown area. The growth of the Greater Houston area has occurred from all directions from the city core.

</doc>
<doc id="5928687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928687" title="Raven Rock, New Jersey">
Raven Rock, New Jersey

Raven Rock is an unincorporated community and hamlet along the Delaware River approximately 3 miles north of Stockton, within Delaware Township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States. It is the site of Bull's Island Recreation Area.
The rock outcrop for which it is named is the southwest corner of the Hunterdon Plateau.
The Lumberville-Raven Rock Bridge is a free pedestrian bridge over the Delaware River, owned and operated by the Delaware River Joint Toll Bridge Commission. The bridge connects Bull's Island Recreation Area to Lumberville, Solebury Township, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="5928698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928698" title="Education in Houston">
Education in Houston

Healthcare and scientific research.
Houston is the seat of the internationally renowned Texas Medical Center, which contains the world's largest concentration of research and healthcare institutions. All 47 member institutions of the Texas Medical Center are non-profit organizations. They provide patient and preventive care, research, education, and local, national, and international community well-being. Employing more than 73,600 people, institutions at the medical center include 13 hospitals and two specialty institutions, two medical schools, four nursing schools, and schools of dentistry, public health, pharmacy, and virtually all health-related careers. It is where one of the first—and still the largest—air emergency service, Life Flight, was created, and a very successful inter-institutional transplant program was developed. More heart surgeries are performed at the Texas Medical Center than anywhere else in the world.
Some of the academic and research health institutions at the center include MD Anderson Cancer Center, Baylor College of Medicine, UT Health Science Center, Memorial Hermann Hospital, The Methodist Hospital, Texas Children's Hospital, and University of Houston College of Pharmacy. The Baylor College of Medicine has annually been considered within the top ten medical schools in the nation; likewise, the MD Anderson Cancer Center has consistently ranked as one of the top two U.S. hospitals specializing in cancer care by "U.S. News & World Report" since 1990. The Menninger Clinic, a renowned psychiatric treatment center, is affiliated with Baylor College of Medicine and The Methodist Hospital System. With hospital locations nationwide and headquarters in Houston, the Triumph Healthcare hospital system is the third largest long term acute care provider nationally.
Higher education.
Four separate and distinct state universities are located in Houston. The University of Houston is a nationally recognized Tier One research university, and is the flagship institution of the University of Houston System. The university in Texas, the University of Houston has nearly 40,000 students on its 667 acre campus in southeast Houston. The University of Houston–Clear Lake and the University of Houston–Downtown are universities; they are not branch campuses of the University of Houston. Located in the historic community of Third Ward is Texas Southern University, one of the largest historically black colleges and universities in the United States.
The University of Houston System's annual impact on the Houston-area's economy equates to that of a major corporation: $1.1 billion in new funds attracted annually to the Houston area, $3.13 billion in total economic benefit, and 24,000 local jobs generated. This is in addition to the 12,500 new graduates the UH System produces every year who enter the workforce in Houston and throughout Texas. These degree-holders tend to stay in Houston. After five years, 80.5 percent of graduates are still living and working in the region.
Several private institutions of higher learning—ranging from liberal arts colleges to a nationally recognized research university—are located within the city. Rice University is one of the leading teaching and research universities of the United States and ranked the nation's 17th best overall university by "U.S. News & World Report".
Three community college districts exist with campuses in and around Houston. The Houston Community College System serves most of Houston. The northwestern through northeastern parts of the city are served by various campuses of the Lone Star College System, while the southeastern portion of Houston is served by San Jacinto College, and portions in the northeast are served by Lee College. The Houston Community College and Lone Star College systems are within the 10 largest institutions of higher learning in the United States.
Primary and secondary education.
A 2007 "Money" survey stated that 91.1% of the students attending schools within the city limit go to public schools and 8.9 percent go to private schools.
Public schools.
All public school systems in Texas are administered by the Texas Education Agency (TEA). There are many public school districts serving the city of Houston. The largest school district serving the city limits is the Houston Independent School District, which serves a large majority of the area within the city limits.
A portion of west Houston falls under the Spring Branch and Alief independent school districts. Aldine takes parts of northern Houston. Parts of Pasadena, Clear Creek, Crosby, Cypress-Fairbanks, Fort Bend, Galena Park, Huffman, Humble, Katy, Klein, New Caney, Sheldon, and Spring independent school districts also take students from the city limits of Houston.
The North Forest Independent School District served portions of Houston until its July 1, 2013 closure, when it was absorbed by Houston ISD.
There are also many charter schools that are run separately from school districts, but are administered by the Texas Education Agency. In addition, public school districts—such as Houston ISD and Spring Branch ISD—also have their own charter schools.
State-operated charter schools.
Since 1995 the state of Texas allowed the formation of state charter schools. In 2006, over 25% of charter schools in Texas were located in Greater Houston. In 2006, Todd Ziebarth, a researcher of the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools, said that charter schools may have as many as 15% of the market share of students in Greater Houston. During that year Houston Independent School District (HISD) officials estimated that 12,000 to 13,000 pupils living within the HISD boundaries attend state charter schools. In 2006 around 10,000 students attended HISD-affiliated charter schools.
Private schools.
Houston has numerous private schools of all types, including non-sectarian, Jewish, Roman Catholic, Greek Orthodox, Protestant, and Muslim. The Texas Education Agency has no authority over private school operations; private schools may or may not be accredited, and achievement tests are not required for private school graduating seniors. Many private schools will obtain accreditation and perform achievement tests as a means of demonstrating that the school is genuinely interested in educational performance. The Houston area is home to more than 300 private schools and several are well-known. Many of the schools are accredited by an accrediting agency recognized by Texas Private School Accreditation Commission (TEPSAC). In addition, Houston area Catholic schools are operated by the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston.
Around 1993 increasing numbers of parents in Greater Houston sent their children to private schools. Dick Ekdahl, the executive director of the Independent Schools Association of the Southwest (ISAS), said that a more robust economy, a negative perception of public schools, and increased interest in religious education caused enrollment at private schools to increase. Stephanie Asin of the "Houston Chronicle" said "is no central authority over private schools so collecting enrollment statistics is difficult." She added "local headmasters indicate that enrollment is increasing in their schools and believe that holds true throughout the state's estimated 750 private schools. ." In 1988, the 35 schools of ISAS had a combined enrollment of 16,895. In 1992 the same 35 schools had a combined enrollment of 18,504.
Homeschooling.
The greater Houston area is home to a large homeschooling community with an estimated 40 to 50 thousand homeschooled students, based on 300,000 homeschool students in Texas and 2.04 million in the U.S. Over 100 organizations, support groups, and co-ops provide classes and resources for homeschool families.
Public libraries.
Residents of Houston are served by the Houston Public Library and the Harris County Public Library. The Houston Public Library has 36 branches throughout the city, plus the Central Library, located Downtown. The Harris County Public Library has 26 branches (3 of them in Houston), primarily serving areas outside the city limits of Houston.

</doc>
<doc id="5928703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928703" title="Kris Clack">
Kris Clack

Kris Clack (born July 6, 1977) is an American professional basketball player, formerly for the University of Texas. 
During his college career he scored 1,592 points and grabbed 771 rebounds. He was the first McDonald's High School All-American in school history. He entered the 1999 NBA Draft, and was picked 55th overall by the Boston Celtics, but he never signed with an NBA team. Clack was taken with the 14th pick of the seventh round in the 2008 NBA D-League Draft by the Albuquerque Thunderbirds and currently plays for the Austin Toros. He has also played in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5928705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928705" title="Politics of Oklahoma">
Politics of Oklahoma

The politics of Oklahoma exists in a framework of a presidential republic modeled after the United States. The governor of Oklahoma is both head of state and head of government, and of a pluriform two-party system. Executive power is exercised by the governor and the government. Legislative power is vested in the governor and the bicameral Oklahoma Legislature. Judicial power is vested in the judiciary of Oklahoma. The political system is laid out in the 1907 Oklahoma Constitution.
Oklahoma is categorized politically as conservative. The state has a history of Democratic dominance. Oklahoma came into being as a state at the height of the era of Jim Crow Laws and had a large Ku Klux Klan presence in the 1920s. Race politics gave way to Democratic political infighting over the New Deal in the 1930s and 1940s and the gradual growth of the Oklahoma Republican Party's power. Today, Oklahoma's federal representation is solidly Republican and there is a large Republican majority in the state legislature and statewide offices.
Political history.
Until 1964, Oklahoma was considered a "swing state" in American politics, shifting back and forth in its support for the two major parties. This was in part due to Oklahoma's situation both as a part of the Great Plains states, which tended to be reliably Republican, and adjacent to the South, which was heavily Democratic at that time. The Republican candidate has carried Oklahoma in every presidential election since 1968, often by large margins. However, Oklahoma voters would split their political allegiances (electing Democrats for local government, but Republicans for national office). In general, Oklahoma can be characterized as a politically conservative state.
Early history.
Oklahoma politics from statehood through World War I was dominated by the Democratic Party, with the Republican Party and the Socialist Party vying to challenge the Democratic Party's dominance. The 2nd Oklahoma Legislature included Oklahoma's first black member, Republican A. C. Hamlin, but passed legislation that made it nearly impossible for African-Americans and seek elective office, which limited him to one term. In the 1910s, the Oklahoma Legislature included Socialists, but the only bill they sponsored that became law involved hunting. Socialists were also elected to local office and received the nation's highest vote count per capita for the party's candidate, Eugene V. Debs in 1916. The Jim Crow Law in Oklahoma was struck down by the United States Supreme Court, but a special session was called by the Democratic governor and focused on voting laws that limited black voter participation. The Ku Klux Klan and the civil rights struggles of the World War I era came to Oklahoma in the 1920s, leading to the Tulsa race riot, lynchings and other violence. Following the practical destruction of the Socialist party in the aftermath of the Green Corn Rebellion, state politics became a two-party system that continued to exclude black voters.
New Deal coalition.
At the U.S. Presidential level, Oklahoma's electoral college vote was a reliable part of Franklin D. Roosevelt's "New Deal" coalition (which began in the U.S. election of 1932). Oklahoma did support President Eisenhower in 1952 and 1956, but then returned to supporting the Democrats in 1964 (Oklahoma split its electoral college vote 7-1, due to a maverick elector, commonly referred to as faithless elector in 1960).
During this same period, Oklahoma's Governors, legislature, and delegation to Congress continued to be dominated by the Democratic Party. However, there was political infighting over deficit spending in the late 1930s, leading to a successful bipartisan push for a 1941 constitutional amendment requiring legislators to pass a balanced budget. Leon C. Phillips, who opposed New Deal programs, rose to prominence, first as Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives and later as governor.
Southern strategy.
During the presidential campaign in 1968, Oklahoma was targeted by the Republican Party to be included in what was called the Southern Strategy. Beginning with the second Presidential campaign of Richard Nixon (who appealed to Oklahoma voters on the issue of law and order), Oklahoma gradually changed in its voting pattern in national elections to become an increasingly reliable Republican state for presidential tickets. President George W. Bush carried Oklahoma twice (by a wide margin), in 2000 and 2004, for example. In 2004, every Oklahoma county voted for President George W. Bush over Senator John Kerry. In 2008, Oklahoma was the only state in which every county was carried by John McCain.
Gradually, the success of the Republican Party began to translate into Congressional, legislative, and other local political races.
Oklahoma politics today.
By the start of the 21st century, conservative Republicans increased their strength in Oklahoma on the statewide level, but Democrats were still a major factor in statewide politics.
In 2006, the incumbent Democratic governor won re-election by 66% over a former Republican Congressman, winning the popular vote in every county except the three in the strongly Republican Oklahoma Panhandle. Despite the landslide victory for the Democrats, the Republicans gained two seats in the State Senate (resulting in a 24 Democrat, 24 Republican tie) and increased their lead in the house of 57-44.
In 2008, the Republicans gained two state senate seats, taking over control (26-22) of that chamber for the first time in state history (and thus control of both chambers for the first time ever), while increasing their membership in the Oklahoma House of Representatives to a 61-40 advantage. In addition Oklahoma was the only state where John McCain carried a majority in every county (even though Democrats held the majority of registered voters).
The 2010 statewide election saw a historic sweep – for the first time in Oklahoma history the GOP won every statewide office up for election that year, and as a result currently holds the eleven statewide offices. The GOP increased its majorities in the House by six seats and in the Senate by five seats. (One seat, State Senate District 47, was vacant, as incumbent Todd Lamb was elected Lieutenant Governor, and was filled by special election in January 2011.) On the Congressional front, Tom Coburn held his United States Senate seat and the GOP maintained control of the four House seats it held, and came within 6 points of taking Oklahoma's 2nd congressional district (the only Oklahoman Congressional seat not held by the GOP).
In the 2012 statewide election, the GOP captured the 2nd District seat, and now holds every statewide office as well as the entire Congressional delegation. The GOP also increased its majorities in the Oklahoma Legislature by four seats in the Oklahoma House of Representatives for a total of 71 seats and one in the Oklahoma Senate for a total of 32 seats. In both cases, the GOP gained a supermajority.
Political institutions.
As in the national government of the United States, power in Oklahoma is divided into three main branches: executive, legislative, and judicial.
Executive.
The capital of the state is Oklahoma City and the Governor of Oklahoma is Mary Fallin, a Republican. Her first term began on January 10, 2011. The current Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma is Republican Todd Lamb. Lamb concurrently serves, by virtue of his office as lieutenant governor, as the president of the Oklahoma Senate. The offices of the governor and lieutenant governor have four-year terms. The Governor is assisted by a Cabinet consisting of the assembled heads of the various executive departments called Secretaries. Of the Secretaries, the highest in rank is Secretary of State, currently Glenn Coffee, a Republican, who is the only appointed executive office set out under the Oklahoma Constitution.
Other state wide executive offices are contested in elections and serving four-year terms that run concurrent with that of the Governor, with the exception of the three members of the Oklahoma Corporation Commission. Those members serve staggered six-year terms, with one member's term up for election every two years.
Legislative.
The state legislature is a bicameral body consisting of the Oklahoma Senate and Oklahoma House of Representatives, with members elected directly by the people. There are 48 state senators, each serving a staggered four-year term and 101 members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives, each serving a two-year term. Members of both houses are elected from single member districts of equal population.
The state has term limits for their legislature that restrict any one person to a total of twelve years service in both the House and Senate.
The state legislature convenes in regular session at noon each odd-numbered year on the first Monday in February. However, in the odd-numbered years following an election, the state legislature must meet on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in January for the sole purpose of determining the outcome of the state wide-elections. The state constitution limits the state legislature to meeting 160 legislative days during each biennium. In addition, the legislature may not meet in regular session after the last Friday in May of each year.
Current composition.
In the 54th Legislature (2013–2014), the Republicans control both houses (a 72-29 majority in the House and a 36-12 majority in the Senate).
The Oklahoma House of Representatives
The Oklahoma Senate
Current leadership.
The Oklahoma House of Representatives
The Oklahoma Senate
Judicial.
The Judiciary of Oklahoma has six levels. Most cases start in the district courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction. The lowest level courts are the Municipal Courts which exist to oversee the administration of justice within cities and have jurisdiction only over the violation of city ordinances. Appeals from Municipal Courts are heard by District Courts. There are 77 District Courts, with each having either a single or multiple District Judges with at least one Associate District Judge to administer justice. Appeals from the District Courts and challenges to certain governmental decisions are heard by either the Oklahoma Court of Civil Appeals for civil appeals or the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals for criminal appeals. The Court of Civil Appeals has twelve judges who sit in two-judge divisions and the Court of Criminal Appeals has five judges.
Two specialized courts within administrative agencies have been established, the Court of Tax Review hears disputes involving illegal taxes levied by county and city governments, and the Workers’ Compensation Court.
The nine-justice Oklahoma Supreme Court is the court of last resort for all civil appeals. The Court has appellate jurisdiction on all civil issues, the Court of Civil Appeals, the Court of Tax Review and the Worker's Compensation Court. The Court only has original jurisdiction when new first impression issues, or important issues of law, or matters of great public interest are at stake.
Within the Oklahoma court system there are two independent courts: the Oklahoma Court on the Judiciary which monitors the actions of all judges and justices and the Oklahoma Court of Impeachment, which is the Oklahoma Senate sitting, which acts serves as the only court that can remove the highest levels of state government officials from their offices.
Federal court cases are heard in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma based in Muskogee, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma based in Tulsa, and the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma based in Oklahoma City. Appeals are heard by the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit based in Denver, Colorado.
Federal representation.
Oklahoma's two U.S. Senators, Republicans Jim Inhofe and Tom Coburn are elected at-large:
Oklahoma currently has five congressional districts. There were 6th, 7th, and 8th districts, as many as three at-large districts, but they have been eliminated.
The Oklahoma delegation of the United States House of Representatives currently includes five members. Oklahoma's 1st congressional district covers the northeastern corner of the state and it borders Kansas to the north. It is represented by Jim Bridenstine, a Republican.
Oklahoma's 2nd congressional district covers (approximately) the eastern one-fourth of the state, bordering Kansas to the north, Missouri and Arkansas to the east, and Texas along the Red River to the south. It is represented by Markwayne Mullin, a Republican.
Oklahoma's 3rd congressional district covers western Oklahoma and borders New Mexico to the west, Colorado and Kansas to the north, and the Texas panhandle to the south. It is represented by Frank Lucas, a Republican.
Oklahoma's 4th congressional district covers south-central Oklahoma and borders Texas along the Red River to the south. It is represented by Tom Cole, a Republican.
Oklahoma's 5th congressional district covers central Oklahoma and borders all of the other congressional districts except District 1. It is represented by James Lankford, a Republican

</doc>
<doc id="5928724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928724" title="Valkyrie Press">
Valkyrie Press

Valkyrie Press was a specialised publisher of British comics. Originally established to publish "Redfox", they also later published Bryan Talbot's "The Adventures of Luther Arkwright", both of which won Eagle Awards.
Publishing.
After publishing all ten issues of "The Adventures of Luther Arkwright" and the last ten issues of "Redfox", Valkyrie Press ended their publishing operation. They also were in charge of publishing Harrier. Many of the comics that Valkyrie Press published are still available for purchase online. This publishing company is a British publisher.

</doc>
<doc id="5928751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928751" title="History of a Time to Come">
History of a Time to Come

History of a Time to Come is the debut full-length album by the British thrash metal band Sabbat.
Background.
In May 1986, Sabbat recorded a 4 track demo tape entitled “Fragments of a Faith Forgotten”, recorded at a cost of £10 in a converted farmhouse near Ripley, Derbyshire.
During the second half of 1986, guitarist Andy Sneap distributed the demo tape to magazines and several heavy metal record labels, including Berlin-based recording company Noise Records. After hearing it, Noise Records expressed interest in the band and asked to hear more material.
The demo tape was also sent to Tommy Vance of BBC Radio 1's Friday Rock Show, to see if he would review it in his column for Metal Hammer magazine. Vance was so impressed he offered the band a recording session for his radio show. 
On 6 February 1987, the band recorded three songs live in the studio at the BBC’s Maida Vale Studios, London, for the Friday Rock Show, which was broadcast on 27 February 1987. 
Prompted by Noise Records’s request to hear more material, a copy of the BBC session was duly provided to the record company. Shortly afterwards, in March 1987, Noise Records offered the band a recording contract, which the band accepted, albeit the contract could not be signed until Sneap (the youngest member of the band) turned 18 years old in July 1987.
Immediately plans were put in place to record the band’s debut LP at Horus Sound Studio in Hannover, Germany, in September 1987.
Before heading to Germany, the band was contacted by John Blanche, Art Director for White Dwarf magazine, who proposed that the band record a song for release as a free Flexi disc to accompany the magazine. The band agreed, and the song “Blood for the Blood God” was recorded in August 1987 and released as intended with the magazine in November 1987.
Writing, recording and release.
Speaking to Metal Forces magazine before the recording of the album, Sneap set out the band’s plans for their debut LP, stating:
“All the tracks from the 'Fragments of a Faith Forgotten' demo will be on it and also 'The 13th Disciple' from the Friday Rock Show session, plus other tracks such as 'A Church Bizarre', 'I for an Eye', 'Behind the Crooked Cross' and the instrumental 'A Dead Man's Robe'".
The album was recorded at Horus Sound Studio commencing on 14 September 1987. It was subsequently mixed in Berlin by producer Roy M Rowland and released on 20 April 1988, bearing artwork drawn by the band’s White Dwarf contact, John Blanche, entitled “Horned Is the Hunter”. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Andy Sneap and Martin Walkyier. 
2007 re-release.
On February 19, 2007, History of a Time to Come was re-released. The new edition features an expanded booket with extra photos and liner notes, a remastered sound (done by the band's own Andy Sneap), and five bonus live tracks, recorded in East Berlin in 1990:
The story behind the songs.
"A Cautionary Tale".
One of the band’s oldest songs, "A Cautionary Tale" was recorded for the demonstration tape “Fragments of a Faith Forgotten” in May 1986 and was also recorded by the band for its BBC radio session in February 1987. 
The song is based on the classic German tale of the scholar Faust who makes a bargain with the devil’s representative Mephistopheles which permits Faust to enjoy the devil’s powers but ultimately in an exchange for Faust's soul which sees Faust eternally damned.
"Hosanna in Excelsis".
This is another early Sabbat song which was first recorded for the demonstration tape “Fragments of a Faith Forgotten” in May 1986. Speaking to Metal Hammer magazine after the recording of the album, lyricist Martin Walkyier explained that "Hosanna in Excelsis" describes “the last fight between Heaven and Hell and is based on the bible”, referring to the subject matter of the Book of Revelation. The title of the song is a reference to part of the Sanctus hymn which traditionally forms the fourth part of a Mass in Classical music.
"Behind the Crooked Cross".
One of the band’s more recently composed songs at the time of the recording of the album, "Behind the Crooked Cross" is based upon themes raised in historian and biographer Gerald Suster’s book, “Hitler and the Age of Horus”. The book includes an exploration of Adolf Hitler’s mystical and occult influences, positing a connection between philosophies expounded by Aleister Crowley, namely, the rise of Nazism as evidence of the fulfillment of Crowley’s prophecy of the imminent Age of Horus. This exploration includes a consideration of Nazi symbolism, represented most potently by the Swastika, or “crooked cross”. 
Speaking to Metal Forces magazine before the album’s recording, Walkyier stated that the song addresses “the question was Hitler a madman or a magician?... I think he was obviously a madman.”
"Horned Is the Hunter".
In February 1987, Sabbat’s BBC session had included as song called “The 13th Disciple”. For the album, the music for this song was given new lyrics, and entitled “Horned Is the Hunter”. Reflective of Walkyier’s burgeoning interest in paganism at that time, the song bemoans the fate of paganism, symbolically represented by the horned ruler Pan, following the arrival into Western Europe of Christianity. 
"I for an Eye".
Another newer song at the time of recording, "I for an Eye" tells the biblical story of the fallen angel, Lucifer.
"For Those Who Died".
The third of the older songs which had first been recorded for the demonstration tape “Fragments of a Faith Forgotten” in May 1986, “For Those Who Died” had also been recorded by the band for its BBC radio session in February 1987. Speaking to Metal Hammer magazine shortly after the recording of the album, Walkyier stated that “For Those Who Died” is “about the inquisition in the Middle Ages.” In particular the song addresses the Catholic Church’s persecution during the Medieval Inquisition of those it considered guilty of heresy.
"The Church Bizarre".
Speaking to Kerrang! shortly before the album’s release, bassist Frazer Craske explained that he and Walkyier had attended a sermon by evangelist Billy Graham. Craske described Graham “as an extremely dangerous American who makes his living spreading the word of God”. Martin Walkyier stated that "I went with an open mind… but what put me off was all those millions of people watching him and he's standing there with a massive stage-show and loads of money. If that is what his religion's about, then I don't want anything to do with it. It was really centred on money." This disillusionment is apparent in the lyrics of “The Church Bizarre”, a cynical story of evangelism and its pursuit of material gain.

</doc>
<doc id="5928753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928753" title="Is This Love? (Clap Your Hands Say Yeah song)">
Is This Love? (Clap Your Hands Say Yeah song)

"Is This Love?" is a song by Brooklyn-based indie rock band Clap Your Hands Say Yeah, from their eponymous debut album.
On December 5, 2005, the song was released as a single in the United Kingdom by Wichita Recordings as the band's debut release outside of the United States. The single was backed with another track from the album, "Heavy Metal", and reached #74 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="5928754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928754" title="Architecture of Houston">
Architecture of Houston

The architecture of Houston includes a wide variety of award-winning and historic examples located in various areas of the city of Houston, Texas. From early in its history to current times, the city inspired innovative and challenging building design and construction, as it quickly grew into an internationally recognized commercial and industrial hub of Texas and the United States.
Some of Houston's oldest and most distinctive architecture is found downtown, as the city grew around Allen's Landing and the Market Square historic district. During the middle and late century, Downtown Houston was a modest collection of mid-rise office structures, but has since grown into the third largest skyline in the United States. The Uptown District experienced rapid growth along with Houston during the 1970s and early 1980s. In the late 1990s Uptown Houston saw construction of many mid and high-rise residential buildings. The Uptown District is also home to other structures designed by architects such as I. M. Pei, César Pelli and Philip Johnson.
Houston has many examples of residential architecture of varying styles, from the mansions of River Oaks and Memorial to row houses in the several wards. A number of Houston's earliest homes are located in what is now Sam Houston Park. Homes in the Heights have varied architectural styles, including Victorian, Craftsman and Colonial Revival. Post-war housing constructed throughout Houston reflects many architectural styles.
Skyscrapers.
Some of Houston's oldest and most distinctive architecture are found in the northern sections of downtown, as the city grew around Allen's Landing and the Market Square historic district, where several representations of 19th-century urban architecture still stand.
The Hilton Houston Post Oak (formerly Warwick Post Oak) Hotel was designed by I. M. Pei. Its twin towers are joined by a spacious lobby with a curved glass ceiling that by day lights up the entire space. The hotel has more than 30,000 sq ft (2,800 m²). of meeting space and 448 guestrooms, including two 3,000 sq ft (280 m²). presidential suites and is only one block from the Galleria. In 2005, the hotel was renovated to reflect a more contemporary style that mirrors the original design.
The Rice Hotel, built in 1912 on the former site of the old Capitol building of the Republic of Texas, was restored in 1998, after years of standing unused. The original building was razed in 1881 by Colonel A. Groesbeck, who subsequently erected a five-story hotel named the Capitol Hotel. William Marsh Rice, the founder of Rice University, purchased the building in 1883, added a five-story annex, and renamed it the Rice Hotel. Rice University then sold the building in 1911 to Jesse Jones, who demolished it and built a 17-story structure on the site. The new Rice Hotel building opened on May 17, 1913. This historic hotel now serves as an apartment building known as The Rice Lofts, designed by Page Southerland Page.
The Texas State Hotel was built in 1926 from a design by architect Joseph Finger, who also created the plans for Houston's City Hall. The hotel has Spanish Renaissance detailing and ornate metal canopies, which remain largely intact even though the building had, until recently, been vacant since the mid-1980s. The hotel is a designated City of Houston landmark, and with refurbished ornate terra cotta detailing on the façade, it has been returned to active use.
The Gulf Building, now called the JPMorgan Chase building, is an Art Deco skyscrapers. Completed in 1929, it remained the tallest building in Houston until 1963, when the Exxon Building surpassed it in height. Designed by architects Alfred C. Finn (designer of the San Jacinto Monument), Kenneth Franzheim, and J.E.R. Carpenter, the building is seen as a realization of Eliel Saarinen's acclaimed second-place entry to the "Chicago Tribune" Tower competition. Restoration of the building was started in 1989, in what is still considered one of the largest privately funded preservation projects in American history.
The Niels and Mellie Esperson buildings are examples of Italian Renaissance architecture in downtown Houston. Designed by John Eberson, the two buildings were built in 1927 and 1941, respectively. They are detailed with massive columns, great urns, terraces, and a grand tempietto at the top, similar to one built in the courtyard of San Pietro in Rome in 1502. Mellie Esperson had the first building constructed for her husband, Niels, a real estate and oil tycoon. His name is carved on the side of the building in large letters at street level. The name "Mellie Esperson" is carved on the accompanying structure, known as the Mellie Esperson building, although it is really just a 19-story annex to the original building.
Designed by Fort Worth architect Wyatt C. Hedrick, the Shamrock Hotel was an 18-story building constructed between 1946 and 1949 with a green tile pitched roof and 1,100 rooms. The hotel was conceived by wildcatter Glenn McCarthy as a city-sized hotel scaled for conventions with a resort atmosphere. The Shamrock was located in a suburban area three miles (5 km) southwest of downtown Houston on the fringes of countryside and was meant to be the first phase of a much larger indoor shopping and entertainment complex called McCarthy Center, anchored alongside the planned Texas Medical Center. At the hotel's north side was a five-story building containing a 1,000-car garage and exhibition hall. To the south was the hotel's lavishly landscaped garden designed by Ralph Ellis Gunn, a terrace and an immense swimming pool measuring 165 by described as the world's biggest outdoor pool, which accommodated exhibition waterskiing and featured a three-story-high diving platform with an open spiral staircase. Despite protests by local preservationists, the Shamrock was demolished June 1, 1987. The Institute of Biosciences and Technology now stands in its former location.
The 18-story Prudential Building, designed by Kenneth Franzheim, was constructed in 1952 in the Texas Medical Center. The ground level walls of the Prudential Building were clad with deep red polished Texas granite; the upper floors on the northwest and northeast sides were clad in Texas limestone. The southwest and southeast sides, though, were faced with full-height aluminum arrangements to "utilize solar rays and air circulation to effect economies in air conditioning." The building was the first local corporate high rise office building in Houston to be located outside of the central business district. The Prudential Building was demolished January 8, 2012.
In the 1960s, Downtown Houston was a modest collection of mid-rise office structures, but has since grown into the third largest skyline in the United States. In 1960, the central business district had 10 million square feet (1,000,000 m²) of office space, increasing to about 16 million square feet (1,600,000 m²) in 1970. Downtown Houston was on the threshold of a boom in 1970 with 8.7 million square feet (870,000 m²) of office space planned or under construction and huge projects being launched by real estate developers.
The largest proposed development was Houston Center, originally planned to encompass a 32-block area. However, by 1989, when the company that acquired the original developer sold Houston Center, the complex consisted of three office buildings, a shopping center, and a hotel. Other large projects included the Cullen Center, Allen Center, and towers for Shell Oil Company. The surge of skyscrapers mirrored the skyscraper booms in other sunbelt cities, such as Los Angeles and Dallas. Houston had experienced another downtown construction spurt in the 1970s with the energy industry boom.
The first major skyscraper to be constructed in Houston was the 50-floor, tall One Shell Plaza in 1971. A succession of skyscrapers were built throughout the 1970s, culminating with Houston's tallest, the 75-floor, tall JPMorgan Chase Tower (formerly the Texas Commerce Tower), designed by I. M. Pei and completed in 1982. As of 2010, it is the tallest man-made structure in Texas, the twelfth-tallest building in the United States and the forty-eighth-tallest skyscraper in the world.
Pennzoil Place, designed by Philip Johnson and built in 1976, is Houston's most award-winning skyscraper and is known for its innovative design. The 46-story One Houston Center, which was built in 1978, is 207 m (678 ft) tall and was designed by S.I. Morris Associates, Caudill Rowlett Scott, and 3D/International.
The Fulbright Tower, built in 1982 and designed by Caudill Rowlett & Scott Architects, is a 52-story tower constructed of steel with suspended concrete on metal deck floor slabs. The exterior wall consists of a ribbon window wall with granite spandrel panels and aluminum framed windows with insulated glazing. The spandrel panels are polished granite supported by a steel truss system. The interior wall surfaces are constructed of Italian flame cut Rosa Beta granite, quarried in Sardinia, mixed with Makore wood and stainless steel trim.
In 1983, the Wells Fargo Bank Plaza was completed, which became the second-tallest building in Houston and in Texas, and the 11th-tallest in the country. It was designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill and Lloyd Jones Brewer and Associates and supposedly resembles an abstracted dollar sign in plan. From street level, the building is 71 stories tall, or 972 ft (296 m) tall. It also extends four more stories below street level.
The Bank of America Center is one of the first significant examples of postmodern architecture built in downtown Houston. The building, completed in 1984 and designed by Philip Johnson and partner John Burgee, is reminiscent of the Dutch Gothic architecture of canal houses that were once common in The Netherlands. The first section is twenty-one-stories tall, while the whole building reaches a height of 56 stories.
Heritage Plaza is a 53 story, 232 m, tower in downtown. The building, designed by M. Nasar & Partners P.C., was completed in 1986. The building is known for the granite Mayan temple design on the top, which was inspired by the architect's visit to the Mexican Yucatán. Recently renovated at the cost of six million US dollars, the building was the last major office building completed in downtown Houston prior to the collapse of the Texas real estate, banking, and oil industries in the 1980s.
Houston's building boom of the 1970s and 1980s ceased in the mid-1980s, due to the 1980s oil glut. Building of skyscrapers resumed by 2003, but the new buildings were more modest and not as tall. During that year George Lancaster, a spokesperson for the Hines company, said "I predict the J.P. Morgan Chase Tower will be the tallest building in Houston for quite some time."
In the early 1990s many older office buildings throughout Houston remained unoccupied. At the same time newer office buildings for major corporations opened.
In 1999, the Houston-based Enron Corporation began construction of a 40-floor skyscraper. Designed by Cesar Pelli & Associates and Kendall/Heaton Associates, and completed in 2002, the building was originally known as the Enron Center. The company collapsed in a well-publicized manner in 2001, and the building became officially known by its address, 1500 Louisiana Street 
One of Houston's most recent downtown landmarks is Discovery Green, a large public park designed by Page Southerland Page with Hargreaves Associates.
The Uptown District, located on Interstate 610 West (referred to locally as the "West Loop") between U.S. Highway 59 and Interstate 10, boomed along with Houston during the 1970s and early 1980s. During that time the area grew from farm land in the late 1960s to a collection of high-rise office buildings, residential properties, and retail establishments, including the Houston Galleria. The area is an example of what architectural theorists call the edge city. In the late 1990s Uptown Houston saw construction of many mid- and high-rise residential buildings of the tallest being about 30 stories.
The tallest structure in Uptown Houston is the tall, Philip Johnson-designed, landmark Williams Tower (formerly "Transco Tower"), which was constructed in 1983. At the time, it was to be the world's tallest skyscraper outside of a city's central business district. The building is topped with a rotating spot light that constantly searches the horizon. Williams Tower was named "Skyscraper of the Century" in the December 1999 issue of "Texas Monthly" magazine.
Landmarks and monuments.
The Merchants and Manufacturers Building (M&M Building) was built in 1930 and was the largest building in Houston at the time. It featured of floor space and could accommodate one-third of the city's population. The Art Deco–style building is recognized as part of the National Register of Historic Places, is a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark, and considered a Contributing Building in Downtown Houston's Main Street/Market Square Historic District. Since 1974, the M&M Building has been part of the University of Houston–Downtown and was given an official designation as "One Main Building" by the university.
The historic Trinity Church in Midtown on Main Street, which dates from 1919, is a neo-Gothic structure, designed by the architectural firm, Cram and Ferguson, whose Houston work also includes several buildings at Rice University and the Julia Ideson Building of the Houston Public Library. The church's Morrow Chapel was renovated in 2002 and features stained glass, artwork, and liturgical furnishings by artists such as Kim Clark Renteria, Kermit Oliver, Troy Woods, Shazia Sikander, and Selven O’Keef Jarmon.
The Uptown District is home to structures designed by architects such as I. M. Pei, César Pelli and Philip Johnson, including Saint Martin's Episcopal Church (with spires and antennae reaching into the sky), which was designed by Jackson & Ryan Architects and completed in 2004. St. Martin's was featured on the covers of three national magazines: "Civil Engineering" (April 2005), "Modern Steel Construction" (May 2005) and "Structure" (December 2005).
The San Jacinto Monument is a 570 foot (173.7 m)-high column topped with a 220-ton star that commemorates the site of the Battle of San Jacinto, the decisive battle of the Texas Revolution. The monument, dedicated on April 21, 1939, is the world's tallest monument tower and masonry tower, and is located along the Houston Ship Channel. The column is an octagonal shaft faced with Cordova shellstone. It is the second tallest monument in the United States. The monument was designated a National Historic Landmark on December 19, 1960, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was also designated an Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 1992.
The Williams Waterwall is a multi-story sculptural fountain which sits at the south end of Williams Tower in Uptown. It and its surrounding park were built as an architectural amenity to the adjacent tower. Both the fountain and tower were designed by Pritzker Prize winning architect Philip Johnson. Completed in 1983, the semi-circular fountain is tall and sits among 118 Texas Live Oak trees. Approximately 11,000 gallons of water per minute cascades down vast channeled sheets on both sides from the narrower top rim of the circle to the wider base below.
Theater District.
The Jesse H. Jones Hall for the Performing Arts, commonly known as Jones Hall, is a performance venue in Houston and the permanent home of the Houston Symphony Orchestra and the Houston Society for the Performing Arts. Completed in October 1966 at the cost of $7.4 million, it was designed by the Houston-based architectural firm Caudill Rowlett Scott. The hall, which takes up a city block, has a white Italian marble exterior with eight-story tall columns. The lobby is dominated by a high ceiling with a massive hanging bronze sculpture by Richard Lippold entitled "Gemini II." The ceiling of the concert hall consists of 800 hexagonal segments that can be raised or lowered to change the acoustics of the hall. The building won the 1967 American Institute of Architects' Honor Award, which is bestowed on only one building annually.
The present Alley Theatre building opened in November 1968 and contains two stages. The main stage has 824 seats and is called the "Hubbard"; the more intimate, 310-seat stage, is the "Neuhaus." Outside, there are nine towers and open-air terraces. Inside, a staircase spirals from the entrance vestibule to the second-floor lobby. The theatre was constructed in a large part by a $1.4 million grant from the Ford Foundation to support innovative theater architecture, and the prime architect on the project was Ulrich Franzen.
The Wortham Theater Center is a performing arts center that officially opened in Houston on May 9, 1987. The Center was designed by Eugene Aubry of Morris-Aubry Architects and built entirely with $66 million in private funds. The Brown Theater, with 2,423 seats, is named for donors Alice and George Brown. It is used primarily for opera and large ballet productions. The Cullen Theater, with 1,100 seats, is named for donors Lillie and Roy Cullen. It is used for smaller ballet productions and other events. The Wortham's signature arching entryway is made of glass and stands tall. The grand staircase (which is actually a bank of escalators) is surrounded by a site-specific art piece created by New York sculptor Albert Paley.
The Lyric Centre sits in the heart of the Theater District, just across the street from the Wortham Center and next door to the Alley Theatre. The black-and-white striped office building houses dozens of law firms, but the block on which the tower sits is perhaps best known for the giant cellist playing outside. It is the work of sculptor David Addickes, who also created the statue of Sam Houston outside Huntsville, Texas.
The Hobby Center for the Performing Arts is a relatively new addition to the Theatre District. It was designed by architect Robert A. M. Stern and completed in 2002, providing two theaters specifically for theater and musical performances. Sarofim Hall, a 2,600-seat theater acoustically designed for touring Broadway productions, is home to "Theatre Under the Stars." Zilkha Hall, an intimate 500-seat venue with full orchestra pit, showcases smaller touring groups.
Museum District.
The original building of the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, designed by William Ward Watkin, was opened in 1924. It was the first art museum built in Texas and the third in the South. The museum building has continue to evolve throughout the years. Cullinan Hall, designed by Mies van der Rohe in the International style, opened in 1958. In the 1970s, that addition received an addition, also designed by van der Rohe. Both additions were statements of modern architecture using an abundance of glass and steel.
In 1968, the present Miller Outdoor Theatre building, designed by Eugene Werlin and Associates, won several awards, including the "American Iron and Steel Institute’s Biannual Award (1969)", the "American Institute of Steel Construction’s Award of Excellence", and the "James E. Lincoln Arc Welding Foundation Award". The 1968 theatre building was refurbished starting in 1996, adding a small stage to the east end of the facility that plays to a newly incorporated open plaza area.
Also in the Museum District is the non-denominational Rothko Chapel, founded by John and Dominique de Menil, designed by Mark Rothko and Philip Johnson and completed in 1971. The interior serves not only as a chapel, but also as a major work of modern art. On its walls are 14 black but color hued paintings by Mark Rothko, who greatly influenced the shape and design of the chapel. Rothko was given creative control, and he clashed with Philip Johnson over the plans. Rothko continued to work first with Howard Barnstone and then with Eugene Aubry, but he did not live to see the chapel's completion. In September 2000, the Rothko Chapel was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Contemporary Arts Museum occupies a stainless-steel building in a prominent site on the corner of Montrose and Bissonnet—the heart of Houston's Museum District. The highly recognizable building was designed for the Museum by Gunnar Birkerts and opened its doors in 1972. In 1997, the Museum went through its first major facility renovation in 25 years.
In addition, the Chapel of St. Basil, on the nearby campus of the University of St. Thomas, is a work of art designed by Philip Johnson that has won many awards for its architecture. The Chapel, which was built in 1997, contrasts with all of the other buildings on campus, as it is made of white stucco and black granite, rather than rose-colored brick. It is also composed of three geometric forms: the cube, the sphere, and the plane. The cube makes up the majority of the building, including the main seating area, while a golden semi-sphere dome covered with 23.5 karat gold leaf rises high above the cube. The granite plane bisects the cube and opens the chapel to light. The cube and plane interplay with the dome, creating a sense that the dome is not a cover for the Chapel, but rather an opening to the heavens.
Designed by Renzo Piano, the Menil Collection is a contemporary art museum known for its simplicity, flexibility, open spaces and illumination with natural light located in a small park surrounded by residential housing. Opening in 1986, the -long, two-story-high box of steel, wood and glass contains the artwork collection of John and Dominique de Menil.
Residential architecture.
Houston is home to various styles of residential architecture, from the mansions of River Oaks and Memorial to row houses in the several wards. A number of Houston's earliest homes are now located in Sam Houston Park, including the Kellum-Noble House, which was built in 1847 and is Houston's oldest brick dwelling. During the late 1930s and early 1940s, the Kellum-Noble House served as a public office for the City of Houston's Park Department, and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
The Nichols-Rice-Cherry House (which was moved from San Jacinto Street) is also located in Sam Houston Park. It is an example of Greek Revival architecture and was built about 1850 by Ebeneezer B. Nichols from New York. Between 1856 and 1873 it was owned by financier William Marsh Rice, whose estate helped create Rice Institute (now Rice University) in 1912.
Homes in the Heights have varied architectural styles, including Victorian, Craftsman and Colonial Revival. The neighborhood is composed of several large homes and many smaller cottages and bungalows, many built in the late 19th and early 20th century. After 1905, Victorian cottages tended to be replaced by bungalows.
While there are a few examples in the Heights of the columned Colonial Revival, the most popular "elite" house type in the 1910 era, other upscale houses were adapted from specific historical models popular in the 1920s, such as the Shefer House with its Dutch Colonial gambrel roof and the stucco-surfaced, Mediterranean villa-type Tibbott House on Harvard Street, with French doors opening the interior of the house to its site and an east side loggia replacing the old-fashioned front porch. Since deed-restriction enforcement is mandated in the Heights area, a majority of the houses built at the start of the 20th century and early 20th century still retain the old Heights character.
Many of the homes built in the Eastwood neighborhood represent Craftsman, Arts and Crafts, Foursquare and Mission Revival architectural styles. Eastwood was one of Houston’s first master-planned subdivisions. Developed in 1913 by William A. Wilson, who also developed its sister neighborhood, Woodland Heights, Eastwood has one of Houston’s largest collections of homes designed in these early-20th-century styles. In the newer section of Eastwood (built from the 1920s and 1930s), there are bungalows, prairie, colonial and federal styles.
Post-war housing constructed throughout Houston reflects many architectural styles. Although most houses built for the "baby boomers" reflect designs that had been around for decades, a number of homes were designed in the mid-century modern style, featuring flat or butterfly roofs, open floor plans, walls of glass, atriums and patios. A good example of this style is the William L. Thaxton Jr. House, located in Bunker Hill Village, which was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and built in 1954.
Memorial Bend is made up of 1950s and early 1960s homes built in the modern (contemporary), ranch, and traditional styles. The neighborhood is considered to have the highest concentration of mid-century modern homes in Houston. Architects who designed homes in this neighborhood include William Norman Floyd, William R. Jenkins, William F. Wortham and Lars Bang. Many of the homes in Memorial Bend were featured in national architecture and design magazines like "American Builder", "House & Home", "Practical Builder", "Better Homes & Gardens" and "House Beautiful".
Starting in the late twentieth century, many traditional homes, townhomes and high-rise condominiums were constructed (or converted) for residents wishing to live in the downtown and inner-loop area, spurred by a focused revitalization effort after years of suburban exodus. These emerging urban dwellings can be found in an eclectic array of styles.
The Commerce Towers, originally developed as an office building in 1928 by Houston businessman Jesse H. Jones, has been converted into condominiums. In addition, many old office buildings and warehouses surrounding downtown have been recently converted to lofts. The Humble Towers Lofts, built in 1921, was originally the headquarters for Humble Oil. The Beaconsfield Lofts are registered with the US Interior Department's National Register of Historic Places.
Public facilities.
City and county government.
The Houston City Hall building, constructed in 1938-1939, is an example of Works Progress Administration architecture. The simply designed structure featured many construction details that have helped to make this building an architectural classic. The design on the lobby floor depicts the protective role of government. The doors feature historical figures including Thomas Jefferson, Julius Caesar, and Moses. Above the lobby entrance is a stone sculpture depicting two men taming a wild horse. The sculpture meant to symbolize a community coming together to form a government to tame the world around them. The plaster cast for this sculpture, and twenty-seven casts for friezes around the building, were done by Beaumont artist Herring Coe and co-designer Raoul Jassett.
The George R. Brown Convention Center was opened on September 26, 1987 on the east side of downtown Houston. The sleek 100 foot (30 m) high red-white-and-blue building replaced the obsolete Albert Thomas Convention Center, which was later redeveloped into the Bayou Place entertainment complex in the downtown Houston Theater District. The George R. Brown contains nearly a half-million square feet of exhibit space, 41 meeting rooms, a 3,600-seat theater area and a 31,000 square foot (2,900 m²) grand ballroom.
The new Harris County Civil Courthouse, which was completed in early 2006, is 17-stories tall plus a basement. The 660,000 square foot (61,000 m²) building is filled with state-of-the-art technology and has 37 typical courtrooms, 1 tax courtroom, 1 ceremonial courtroom and 6 expansion courtrooms. It also has a three-story atrium lobby with thirteen elevators and two escalators. The courthouse is flood protected to an elevation of and is accessible via tunnel from the existing downtown tunnel system. Interior finishes include limestone, granite, wood veneers, terrazzo and stainless steel.
Movie theaters.
The River Oaks Theatre was built in 1939. It is among only a handful of currently viable retail buildings of its age and historic style in Houston. It was the last of the deluxe neighborhood movie theaters built by Interstate Theatre Corporation and the only one of its kind still operating as a movie theater.
As Houston and the rest of the country recovered from the Great Depression, art-deco style theaters of the late 1930s were built in many residential neighborhoods across the city. In addition to the River Oaks, neighborhood movie theaters like the Alabama, Tower, Capitan, and Ritz-Majestic Metro were several of the venues where Houstonians sought entertainment.
The Majestic Theater, designed by John Eberson and constructed downtown in 1923, is considered to be the most notable movie theatre built in the city. The design was not of a standard theatre interior, but an outdoor plaza and garden of with a starlit sky overhead. The Mediterranean blue ceiling, inset with twinkling lights, featured clouds that floated over the heads of the audience during screenings. The Majestic was the world’s first “atmospheric” movie theatre.
Airports.
Designed by architect Joseph Finger (who also designed Houston's City Hall), the Houston Municipal Airport Terminal was constructed in 1940 to meet Houston's growing role as a center for air commerce in the 1930s. The terminal building is an example of classic art deco airport architecture from the 1940s. The terminal served as the primary commercial air terminal for Houston until 1954. The terminal, located at William P. Hobby Airport, houses the 1940 Air Terminal Museum which currently exhibits several collections focusing on Houston's aviation history.
Stadia.
The 70,000-seat Rice Stadium, designed in 1950 by Hermon Lloyd & W.B. Morgan and Milton McGinty, is of reinforced concrete with diameter columns supporting the upper decks. Architecturally, the stadium is an example of modernism, with simple lines and an unadorned, functional design. The entire lower seating bowl is located below the surrounding ground level. Intended solely for football games, the stadium has excellent sightlines from almost every seat.
The Astrodome, the world's first domed stadium, was conceived by Roy Hofheinz and designed by architects Hermon Lloyd & W.B. Morgan, and Wilson, Morris, Crain and Anderson. Structural engineering and structural design was performed by Walter P Moore Engineers and Consultants of Houston. It stands 18 stories tall, covering 9½ acres. The stadium is in diameter and the ceiling is above the playing surface, which itself sits below street level. Despite innovations necessitated by the novelty of the design (including the modest flattening of the supposed "hemispherical roof" to deal with environmentally induced structural deformation and the use of a new paving process called "lime stabilization" to deal with soil consistency issues and facilitate paving) the Astrodome was completed in November 1964, six months ahead of schedule.
Located near the Astrodome, Reliant Stadium is a wonder of modern sports facility design and engineering. The 69,500-seat stadium has a natural grass playing field and a retractable roof—a first for the NFL. There are also 165 private suites, 8,200 club seats, and more than 400 concession and novelty stands. The playing field is palletized and removable, allowing for the addition of a significant layer of dirt to accommodate the annual Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo, or use the concrete floor for concerts, trade shows, and conventions.

</doc>
<doc id="5928762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928762" title="Barnard Hughes">
Barnard Hughes

Bernard Aloysius Kiernan "Barnard" Hughes (July 16, 1915 – July 11, 2006) was an American actor of theater and film. Hughes became famous for a variety of roles; his most-notable roles came after middle age, and he was often cast as a dithering authority figure or grandfatherly elder.
Personal life.
Hughes was born in Bedford Hills, New York, the son of Irish immigrants Madge (née Kiernan) and Owen Hughes. He attended La Salle Academy and Manhattan College in New York City. Hughes was married to actress Helen Stenborg. They married on April 19, 1950, and remained married until his death. Hughes was five days shy of his ninety-first birthday when he died. The Hugheses had two children, the theatre director Doug Hughes, and a daughter, Laura. Hughes and his wife are interred at Church of the Transfiguration in Manhattan.
Career.
Hughes changed the "e" in his first name to an "a" to help his acting career on the advice of a numerologist. Through high school and college, Hughes worked a series of odd jobs, including a stint as a dockworker and as a salesman at Macy's. He auditioned for the Shakespeare Fellowship Repertory company in New York City on the advice of a friend, and ended up joining the company for two years.
Hughes played more than 400 theatre roles, including the one for which he was perhaps most famous, in Hugh Leonard's "Da". He won Broadway's 1978 Tony Award as Best Actor for his portrayal of the title role; in 1988 he recreated the role for the film "Da".
On screen, he appeared in the film transcription of "Hamlet" (1964), "Midnight Cowboy" (1969), and also appeared in such films as "Cold Turkey" (1971) "The Hospital" (1971), "Oh, God!" (1977), "First Monday in October" (1981), "Tron" (1982), "The Lost Boys" (1987), "Da" (1988) - the screen reprise of his most successful stage-role, "Doc Hollywood" (1991) and the big success "" (1993). He also played the old man who gave a ride to Felix and Oscar on "The Odd Couple II" (1998) and was featured in "The Fantasticks" (1995).
Hughes appeared on TV in such series as "Naked City", "The Secret Storm", "Dark Shadows", "Blossom" and "". In 1973, he had a notable recurring role on "All in the Family" as a Roman Catholic priest, Father John Majeski, doing battle with Archie Bunker, and won an Emmy for his portrayal of a senile judge on "Lou Grant". Hughes made 3 appearances in "The Bob Newhart Show" as the father of Dr. Robert Hartley. He was the central character in three sitcoms: "Doc", which ran on CBS from 1975–77, where he played a physician; "Mr. Merlin", in which he played Merlin, a magician mentoring a 20th-century teenager; and "The Cavanaughs", co-starring Christine Ebersole, in which he played the family patriarch (Art Carney played his brother, and Glynis Johns made guest appearances). Hughes sang "Danny Boy" in one episode. He made a memorable appearance as The King (with Jim Dale as The Duke) in the PBS mini-series "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Hughes also made recurring appearances on daytime dramas including "Guiding Light" and "As the World Turns" as well as a brief appearance in an early episode of "Dark Shadows". He also did voice-overs for television commercials advertising Kix cereal.

</doc>
<doc id="5928766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928766" title="List of soap opera recasts">
List of soap opera recasts

The following is a list of soap opera characters who have been played by more than one actor or actress.
"Dynasty".
"Dynasty" is notable in that each of the four Carrington children were played by two actors during the course of the series and its .

</doc>
<doc id="5928774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928774" title="Alexander Wadsworth Longfellow, Jr.">
Alexander Wadsworth Longfellow, Jr.

Alexander Wadsworth Longfellow, Jr. (August 18, 1854, Portland, Maine – February 16, 1934, Portland) was an American architect and nephew of poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
Biography.
Alexander Wadsworth Longfellow, Jr. was the son of Alexander Wadsworth Longfellow, Sr. (1814-1901), a U.S. Coast Survey topographer, and of Elisabeth Porter. After graduating from Harvard University in 1876, he studied architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris, then worked as senior draftsman in Henry Hobson Richardson's office.
Career.
After Richardson's death in 1886, Longfellow teamed up with Frank Ellis Alden (1859-1908) and Alfred Branch Harlow (1857-1927) to found the firm of Longfellow, Alden & Harlow, with offices in Boston and Pittsburgh. The firm designed the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, the City Hall in Cambridge, Massachusetts. They also designed the Arnold Arboretum headquarters, the Hunnewell Building, in 1892 which was constructed with funds donated by philanthropist-horticulturalist Horatio Hollis Hunnewell in 1903.
Longfellow later moved to Boston, where he worked in association with his cousin, William Pitt Preble Longfellow (1836-1913). He designed several structures around Harvard, including the Brattle Theatre, the Phillips Brooks House, the Semitic Museum, the Bertram and Eliot Halls at Radcliffe College, and chemical laboratories. 
He also designed the Washington Street Elevated, the Theodore Parker Church in West Roxbury, and a Maine Historical Society library building.
Interests.
Longfellow was one of the founders of the Boston Society of Arts and Crafts, active in the Boston Marine Museum, and a trustee of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts and the Boston Athenæum.

</doc>
<doc id="5928781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928781" title="Leandro Locsin">
Leandro Locsin

Leandro V. Locsin (August 15, 1928 – November 15, 1994) was a Filipino architect, artist, and interior designer known for his use of concrete, floating volume and simplistic design in his various projects. An avid collector, he was fond of modern painting and Chinese ceramics. He was proclaimed a National Artist of the Philippines for Architecture in 1990 by the late President Corazon C. Aquino.
Life and career.
Leandro V. Locsin was born August 15, 1928, in Silay City, Negros Occidental, a grandson of the first governor of the province. He later studied at the De La Salle Brothers in 1935 before returning to Negros due to the Second World War. He returned to Manila to study Pre-Law before shifting to pursue a Bachelor's Degree in Music at the University of Santo Tomas. Although he was a talented pianist, he later shifted again to Architecture, just a year before graduating. He married Cecilia Yulo, and one of their two children is also an architect.
An art lover, he frequented the Philippine Art Gallery, where he met the curator, Fernando Zóbel de Ayala y Montojo. The latter recommended Locsin to the Ossorio family that was planning to build a chapel in Negros. Unfortunately, when Frederic Ossorio left for the United States, the plans for the chapel were canceled. 
However, in 1955, Fr. John Delaney, S.J., then Catholic Chaplain at the University of the Philippines - Diliman, commissioned Locsin to design a chapel that is open and can easily accommodate 1,000 people. The Church of the Holy Sacrifice is the first round chapel in the Philippines to have an altar in the middle, and the first to have a thin shell concrete dome. The floor of the church was designed by Arturo Luz, the stations of the cross by Vicente Manansala and Ang Kiukok, and the cross by Napoleon Abueva, all of whom are now National Artists. Alfredo L. Juinio served as the building's structural engineer. Today, the church is recognized as a National Historical Landmark and a Cultural Treasure by the National Historical Institute and the National Museum, respectively.
On his visit to the United States, he met some of his influences, Paul Rudolph and Eero Saarinen. It was then he realized to use concrete, which was relatively cheap in the Philippines and easy to form, for his buildings. In 1969, he completed what was to be his most recognizable work, the Theater of Performing Arts (Now the "Tanghalang Pambansa") of the Cultural Center of the Philippines. The marble façade of the building is cantilevered 12 meters from the terrace by huge arching columns at the sides of the building, giving it the impression of being afloat. A large lagoon in front of the theatre mirrors the building during daytime, while fountains are illuminated by underwater lights at nighttime. The building houses four theaters, a museum of ethnographic art and other temporary exhibits, galleries, and a library on Philippine art and culture. 
In 1974, Locsin designed the Folk Arts Theater, which is one of the largest single-span buildings in the Philippines with a span of 60 meters. It was completed in only seventy-seven days, in time for the Miss Universe Pageant. Locsin was also commissioned to build the Philippine International Convention Center, the country's premiere international conference building and now the seat of the Vice Presidency. 
He was also commissioned in 1974 to design the Ayala Museum to house the Ayala art collection. It was known for the juxtaposition of huge blocks to facilitate the interior of the exhibition. Locsin was a close friend of the Ayalas. Before taking the board examination, he took his apprenticeship at Ayala and Company (Now the Ayala Corporation) and was even asked to design the first building in Ayala Avenue, and several of their residences. When the collection of the Ayala Museum was moved to its current location, the original was demolished with Locsin's permission. The current building was dedicated in 2004, and was designed by the L. V. Locsin and Partners, led by Leandro Y. Locsin, Jr. 
Locsin also designed some of the buildings at the UP Los Baños campus (UPLB). The Dioscoro Umali Hall, the main auditorium, is clearly an example of his distinct architecture, with its large canopy that makes it resemble the main theatre of the Cultural Center of the Philippines (CCP). Most of his work is concentrated on the Freedom Park, with the Student Union Building which was once damaged by a fire, the Carillon, the Continuing Education Center and the auditorium. He also designed UPLB's Main Library, the SEARCA Residences, and several structures at the National Arts Center (housing the Philippine High School for the Arts) at Mt. Makiling, Los Baños, Laguna. 
Most of Locsin's work has been within the country, but in 1970, he designed the Philippine Pavilion of the World Expo in Osaka, Japan. His largest single work is the Istana Nurul Iman, the official residence of the Sultan of Brunei. In 1992, he received the Fukuoka Asian Culture Prize from Fukuoka City.
Ironically, Locsin's last work was also a church in Malaybalay, Bukidnon. Leandro V. Locsin died November 15, 1994, in Makati City. The campus of De La Salle-Canlubang, built in 2003 on a land donated by his family, was named after him.
Works.
Churches
Public Buildings
Hotels
Commercial Buildings
Sets for Theatrical Production
Interior Design

</doc>
<doc id="5928785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928785" title="Baconianism">
Baconianism

Baconianism may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5928787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928787" title="List of busking locations">
List of busking locations

This is a list of locations where busking is known to happen on a regular basis.

</doc>
<doc id="5928804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928804" title="Smeal College of Business">
Smeal College of Business

The Smeal College of Business at the Pennsylvania State University offers undergraduate, graduate, and executive education programs to more than 5,000 students. Smeal, which is accredited in business and accounting by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB), is home to more than 150 faculty members who teach and conduct academic research on a range of business topics. The college also features a network of industry supported research centers.
History.
The business college at Penn State was founded in 1953 with Ossian R. MacKenzie as dean. Subsequent deans of the college were Eugene J. Kelley, J.D. Hammond, Judy Olian, James B. Thomas, and currently Charles H. Whiteman. In 1990, it was named the Mary Jean and Frank P. Smeal College of Business after alumni and benefactors Mary Jean and Frank Smeal.
Campus.
The Smeal College of Business is based on the Penn State University Park campus, which is adjacent to the town of State College, Pennsylvania. Smeal is headquartered in the Business Building, a 210,000 square-foot facility located near the eastern end of campus.
The building, which was dedicated in 2005, was designed by Robert A.M. Stern Architects and features classroom and office space as well as video-conferencing technologies, team study and recruiter interview rooms, a restaurant, and the college’s Rogers Family Trading Room.
Educational Programs.
The Smeal College of Business offers the following degree programs:
Undergraduate: Baccalaureate major options include accounting, finance, management and organization, management information systems, marketing, risk management, and supply chain and information systems. Students can also pursue a minor in business including international business, legal environment of business, supply chain and information sciences and technology, and information systems management.
Master of Business Administration: The University Park-based residential graduate program provides students with the opportunity to specialize in a particular area of business. Areas of concentration include finance, marketing, entrepreneurship and corporate innovation, strategic leadership, and supply chain management. The Smeal MBA Program also offers several joint-degree programs in conjunction with other academic units at Penn State: JD/MBA with the Penn State Dickinson School of Law, BS/MBA with the Penn State Eberly College of Science, and MD/MBA with the Penn State College of Medicine.
Executive Master of Business Administration: Most class sessions for the 21-month graduate program are delivered on alternate weekends at the ACE Conference Center in Lafayette Hill, Pennsylvania. The program format is designed for working students with at least eight years of post-undergraduate professional experience.
Master of Accounting: Coursework for the Integrated Master of Accounting Program begins in the fall semester of the undergraduate junior year. Graduation occurs after the fifth year with students earning both a bachelor’s and master’s degree in accounting simultaneously. Smeal also offers a One-Year Master of Accounting Program for students who already have an undergraduate degree from Penn State or another institution.
Master of Professional Studies in Supply Chain Management: Delivered primarily online, the two-year graduate degree program is designed for students working in the supply chain field. Courses are taught by faculty members from the Smeal Department of Supply Chain and Information Systems.
Doctoral: Smeal Ph.D. students specialize in one of six primary fields: accounting, finance, management and organization, marketing, real estate, and supply chain and information systems. The doctoral program focuses on developing academic research and publishing capabilities.
Smeal also offers non-degree business education programs:
Penn State Executive Programs: The executive education unit within Smeal offers multiple-day, non-degree executive education programs and business consulting services to organizations.
Faculty.
There are more than 150 faculty members who teach and conduct research within six academic departments at Smeal: Accounting, Finance, Management and Organization, Marketing, Risk Management, and Supply Chain and Information Systems.
The University of Texas at Dallas Top 100 Business School Research Rankings have ranked Smeal No. 14 overall in the nation for faculty research productivity. The survey data is based on faculty research contributions in leading business journals.
Research Centers.
Smeal is home to a network of research centers, including the Center for Supply Chain Research, the Institute for the Study of Business Markets, and the Institute for Real Estate Studies.
Alumni.
The Smeal College of Business has more than 73,000 alumni around the world with regional chapters in Washington, DC; Philadelphia; and Pittsburgh. Prominent alumni include:
Alumni and friends of Smeal comprise advisory boards at the college, including the Smeal Board of Visitors and the Alumni Society Board. These boards provide counsel and guidance on a number of strategic decisions at the college.

</doc>
<doc id="5928818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928818" title="Lycus (brother of Nycteus)">
Lycus (brother of Nycteus)

In Greek Mythology, Lycus () was a ruler of the ancient city of Ancient Thebes (Boeotia). His rule was preceded by the regency of Nycteus, and he was succeeded by the twins Amphion and Zethus.
Genealogy.
Lycus and his brother Nycteus were the sons of either Chthonius, one of the Spartoi, or of the nymph Clonia and Hyrieus, the son of Poseidon and the Atlantid Alkyone, or of Poseidon and the Pleiad Celaeno. The two brothers fled from Euboea after they murdered King Phlegyas, settling in Hyria and then moving to Thebes, because they were friends with Pentheus, its king.
Regency of Thebes.
Pentheus's successor was Polydorus, who married Nycteis, the daughter of Nycteus. Nycteus served as regent for Labdacus, the son of Polydorus, when Polydorus died at a young age. Nycteus's daughter, Antiope, was impregnated by Zeus, and fled to Sicyon to marry King Epopeus.
Pausanias writes that Nycteus waged war on Epopeus, but in battle was wounded, and died after being carried back to Thebes, appointing Lycus as regent for Labdacus. Nycteus urged Lycus to continue to attack Epopeus, and to retake and punish Antiope. Epopeus died of a wound just as Nycteus did, and his heir Lamedon gave Antiope up freely to avoid war. 
The author of the "Bibliotheca", however, writes that Lycus was the one chosen regent after the deaths of Pentheus and Labdacus. Nycteus killed himself from shame when he discovered Antiope's pregnancy, and Lycus initiated the attack because he himself desired to punish her, successfully carrying her off after the battle.
In either case, Antiope gave birth to the twins Amphion and Zethus on the way back to Thebes, at Mount Cithaeron. Lycus abandoned the babies, leaving them with shepherds.
Once he returned to Thebes, Lycus gave Antiope to his wife, Dirce, who treated her cruelly. After many years Antiope escaped and found her sons, who returned to Thebes to kill Lycus and Dirce and take command of the city. According to Euripides, Hermes forbade the twins from killing Lycus, although he forced Lycus to give them Thebes.

</doc>
<doc id="5928822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928822" title="Pointing stick (disambiguation)">
Pointing stick (disambiguation)

Pointing stick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5928823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928823" title="Tana River">
Tana River

Tana River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5928824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928824" title="Venson Hamilton">
Venson Hamilton

Venson Hamilton (born August 11, 1977) is an American professional basketball player.
College career.
A graduate of East Rutherford High School in Forest City, North Carolina, Hamilton played college basketball at the University of Nebraska, where he played with the Nebraska Cornhuskers men's basketball team. He holds school records for most blocked shots (241), and most rebounds (1,080), surpassing the previous record by nearly 300. He ranks ninth on the school's all time scoring chart with 1,416 career points. He shot 52.7% from the field throughout his career. He also dished out 164 assists, and compiled 186 steals in his college career.
He was named the Big 12 Player of the Year during his senior season of college. His 335 rebounds during his senior season set a new school record for rebounds in a single season. He was also named to the Big 12 conference's All-Defensive Team.
Professional career.
Hamilton was selected with the 50th overall draft pick by the Houston Rockets in the 1999 NBA Draft. In 2009 he signed with Ikaros BC in Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="5928844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928844" title="List of New Trier High School alumni">
List of New Trier High School alumni

This is a list of notable alumni from New Trier High School, a four-year high school in Winnetka, Illinois, a northern suburb of Chicago, including alumni from the former New Trier East and New Trier West high schools:

</doc>
<doc id="5928845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928845" title="Dead Flowers (The Rolling Stones song)">
Dead Flowers (The Rolling Stones song)

"Dead Flowers" is a song written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards of the rock band The Rolling Stones, appearing on their 1971 album "Sticky Fingers".
Recording.
Recording of "Dead Flowers" began in December 1969 at the Olympic Studios in London. The lyrics to the song are notably dark, and feature the line, "I'll be in my basement room, with a needle and a spoon", a reference to injecting heroin. The song was performed live on the 1970, 1971 and 1972 tours, as well as during the 1976 Knebworth show. It would take until 1989 before the Stones would perform it live again.
This was written during the period when the Stones were stepping into country territory, when Richards' friendship with Gram Parsons was influencing his songwriting. Jagger commented in 2003: "The 'Country' songs we recorded later, like "Dead Flowers" on "Sticky Fingers" or "Far Away Eyes" on "Some Girls", are slightly different (than our earlier ones). The actual music is played completely straight, but it's me who's not going legit with the whole thing, because I think I'm a blues singer not a country singer - I think it's more suited to Keith's voice than mine."
A live cut can be found on their 1995 live album "Stripped".
The song was also played during a September 2006 concert in Louisville, Kentucky because of the lyric, "making bets on Kentucky Derby Day". The concert was held at Churchill Downs, site of The Kentucky Derby.
Cover versions.
The song has been widely covered. Townes Van Zandt included a version of the song on his album of live covers "Roadsongs"; this version was used in the film "The Big Lebowski". New Riders of the Purple Sage covered the song on their 1976 album "New Riders" and as an encore during at least one concert in 1977. Gilby Clarke also did a cover of the song, on his first solo album "Pawnshop Guitars". Steve Earle often plays the song live and has recorded it several times as a live track. GG Allin, the American punk rock singer-songwriter best remembered for his notorious live performances, covered the song live on his album "The Troubled Troubador" with The Disappointments. Jerry Lee Lewis released a version of the song on his 2010 album, "Mean Old Man", which featured Mick Jagger.
Poison also covered the song on their 2007 album "Poison'd!", and Six Organs of Admittance have covered the song for their "Somewhere Between Her Shoulder and God" EP and in numerous live performances, some of which have appeared on various bootleg recordings. Guns N' Roses also performed the song since 2009, notably at the 2012 London O2 Arena concert, where their former member Izzy Stradlin joined the band on stage to play the song. 
Caitlin Rose covered the song on her, 7 track, Dead Flowers album in 2009 "Cœur de pirate" made a cover of the song in her album Trauma released in 2014. "Whitewater Band" released a cover version of Dead Flowers on their 2013 album "Many Roads" produced by AMajor Sound with producer Paul Milner (who worked with Keith Richards on Talk is Cheap).<https://itunes.apple.com/ca/artist/whitewater-band/id592231416><http://www.amajorsound.com/discography.html>

</doc>
<doc id="5928861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928861" title="Keita Amemiya">
Keita Amemiya


</doc>
<doc id="5928871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928871" title="Louis Bullock">
Louis Bullock

Louis Bullock, Jr. (born May 20, 1976) is an American former professional basketball player. 
Although his records have officially been vacated due to the University of Michigan basketball scandal, his vacated records are unsurpassed for most single-season three-point field goals and career free throws in Michigan Wolverines men's basketball. In 2011, Jon Diebler surpassed his career three point total for the Big Ten Conference record.
Amateur career.
From Maryland outside of Washington, D.C., Bullock first gained national attention at the now defunct Canterbury Preparatory School (in Accokeek, Maryland) before transferring his senior year to Laurel Baptist. In 1995, he was named Washington Post All Met Basketball Player of the Year. He was also a McDonald's All-American (where he won the three-point contest) and was widely considered one of the nation's top 30 prospects for that year. The McDonald's All-American three-point contest that Bullock won was brought back to the media when ESPN Classic's "Cheap Seats" re-aired it in an episode depicting the contest as well as the 2003 NHL Skills competition. He chose the University of Michigan over numerous other schools, including Florida and Maryland.
Bullock had an impressive career at UM. He would rank third on the school's all-time scoring list with 2,224 points, along with 299 assists, and 137 steals, but all of his and the team's accomplishments while he played have been wiped from the records books because of the University of Michigan basketball scandal in which he and three other Michigan players were given illicit loans by booster Ed Martin. He would be second in Big Ten Conference history in three-point field goals with 339, including a school record 101 in 1996. He also made 86.9% of his free throws during his career. His 505 free throws made is more than current record holder Cazzie Russell who had 486 but only played three seasons due to freshmen being ineligible during the time he played, or Manny Harris who had 484 but went to the NBA after his junior season. He held the school record for career minutes played until surpassed in 2012 by Zack Novak.
Pro career.
Bullock was selected 42nd overall in the 1999 NBA Draft by the NBA club the Minnesota Timberwolves, and he was then traded to the Orlando Magic for cash considerations. He was signed by the Magic for the 1999 preseason, but he was waived before the regular season began and he never played in the NBA. He has played in Europe every season since his graduation from college. He spent three seasons in the Italian League with Müller Verona (1999-01) and with Olimpia Milano (2001–02). Bullock was the leading scorer of the Italian League in the 2001-02 season, with a scoring average of 24.9 points per game.
He then moved to the Spanish ACB League in 2002, playing three seasons with Unicaja Málaga. In the 2003-04 season, he led the Spanish League in total three-pointers made, making 95 in 34 games. In 2004, Bullock signed with Real Madrid, where he won the Spanish league national championship title in 2005, and he was named the MVP of the league finals. With the Madrid club he later also won the 2007 Spanish league title and the 2007 ULEB Cup title. For the 2010-11 season he then moved to CB Cajasol Sevilla where he signed a one-year contract. In April 2012 he then signed with Asefa Estudiantes until the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="5928887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928887" title="Paraphrases of Erasmus">
Paraphrases of Erasmus

The Paraphrases were Latin Biblical paraphrases, rewritings of the Gospels by Desiderius Erasmus. They were composed between 1517 and 1524 and occasionally revised by Erasmus during the remaining years of his life.
The publication history of the "Paraphrases" is complicated. Erasmus began with the Pauline Epistles. The paraphrase of Romans was published in quarto by Dirk Martens in Louvain in November 1517 and reprinted by Erasmus's friend Johann Froben in January of the following year; it sold well and was soon reprinted in octavo. Corinthians was published by Martens in February 1519 and reprinted in Basel by Froben in March; Galatians appeared later that year, with editions from both publishers. The remaining Epistles followed in 1520 and 1521, the last to appear being Hebrews. In the autumn of 1521 Erasmus moved from Louvain to Basel, and from that time Froben published the first editions of the remaining "Paraphrases". Erasmus now turned to the Gospels, Matthew appearing in March 1522 (in both folio and octavo - from now on there are no more quartos), John in February (folio) and March (octavo) 1523, Luke in August 1523, and Mark in early 1524 (with a title page dated 1523). Acts followed quickly, the dedication copy being dated February 13, 1524. Froben published a complete edition in two volumes, the first, "a stout octavo volume of 400 leaves dated 1523 and called "Tomus secundus"," contained the Epistles, and the "Tomus primus", containing the Gospels and Acts, appeared the following year. "This was a considerable investment, and the firm kept it in their list for ten years," resetting portions as needed without a change of date. The "Paraphrases" were reissued in various formats and combinations during the following decades; Roger Mynors writes: "When one is faced with one of these editions in folio, one has to remember that a purchaser would see them as composed of separable parts, out of which sets could be made up in any way that supply might dictate."
Edward VI of England ordered the paraphrases to be put up "in some convenient place" for reading in all parish churches. The command was in Edward's "Injunctions" of 1547. A translation into English, overseen by Nicholas Udall, was made nearly immediately, with the future Queen Mary, Edward's half-sister, performing the translation of the Gospel of John. Since Edward was only ten years old at the time (although already Protestant), it is likely that the elevation of Erasmus's text came about through the influence of one of his guardians or Thomas Cranmer.

</doc>
<doc id="5928899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928899" title="Sinks Canyon State Park">
Sinks Canyon State Park

Sinks Canyon State Park is a Wyoming state park located in the Wind River Mountains, 6 miles southwest of Lander, Wyoming on Wyoming Highway 131. The park is named for a portion of the Middle Fork of the Popo Agie River. The river flows into an underground limestone cavern at the Sinks, and emerges 1/4 mile down the canyon in a pool named the Rise.
A visitor's center is located at the Sinks, and an observation deck overlooks the Rise.
The exact route of the underground passage is unknown, and dye tests have shown that the water takes over 2 hours to make the 1/4 mile journey between the Sinks and the Rise. Additionally, more water flows from the Rise than enters the cavern at the sink. The Madison Limestone Formation was carved by glacial movement, leaving extensive underground fissures and steep cliff walls. The gradual recession of the ice left glacial moraines along the canyon floor.
The Crow Indian name of the river, "Popo Agie," (pronounced po po shuh) means Tall Grass River.

</doc>
<doc id="5928902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928902" title="The Map Library">
The Map Library

The Map Library is a project of The Map Maker Trust charity, and supported by Map Maker Ltd., for the supplying of free GIS data. The project website also hosts free conversion software for raster and vector files. As of November 2008, the only data sets available were for the continents of Africa and Central America.
Statement of purpose.
From the website...
Data format and conversion.
The project data is managed in part by two pieces of software, each supporting different file formats and conversions.
Data sources.
The project uses data from NASA mapping projects, Famine Early Warning Systems Network, and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5928911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928911" title="Cory Carr">
Cory Carr

Cory Jermaine Carr (born December 5, 1975) is an American-born Israeli basketball player, formerly of the Chicago Bulls and the Texas Tech Red Raiders. After a successful high school basketball career in Kingsland, Arkansas, he went on to play at Texas Tech. During his college career, he scored 1,904 career points and grabbed 411 rebounds. He also made 262 three-point shots.
After being selected in the second round of the NBA Draft in 1998 by the Atlanta Hawks, Carr would play that sole season (the lockout-shortened 1999 season) with the Chicago Bulls, averaging 4 points in 42 appearances.
In 2006, Carr starred on Ironi Nahariya in Israel, having also played overseas in France and Italy. For the 2007/08 season, he represented Elitzur Ashkelon, before moving to Maccabi Givat Shmuel, also from Israel. In March 2011 he returned to Ironi Ashkelon. He spent the season after that with Hapoel Tel Aviv, then signed with Maccabi Haifa B.C. in 2012.
In the beginning of the 2009/2010 season Carr became an Israeli citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="5928914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928914" title="SNCF Class 241P">
SNCF Class 241P

The SNCF 241.P is a 4-8-2 'Mountain' type express passenger steam locomotive that ran on the "Société Nationale des Chemins de fer Français", (French National Railways) from 1948 until 1973. Introduced as large scale electrification of the SNCF was already underway, they were the last new class of passenger steam locomotives in France.
History.
In 1944, SNCF reviewed its predicted postwar traffic requirements and determined a requirement for a locomotive capable of hauling passenger trains of 700–800 tonnes at , and capable of climbing gradients of 1 in 125 (8‰).
A prototype 4-8-2 four cylinder compound locomotive, the 241.C, had been built by Schneider et Cie. in 1930 for the former Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée (PLM). This locomotive was utilised as the basis for the new class, but with some key design changes including the addition of an automatic stoker, strengthened frames, and boiler modifications.
Production.
35 locomotives were built by Schneider et Cie., of Le Creusot between 1948 and 1952.
Service life.
The class was initially assigned to the line between Paris and Marseilles, hauling services including the famous "Le Mistral" expresses, but within a few years they were displaced by electrification. Most of the class was then transferred to the Nord, l'Est and l'Ouest regions. For over ten years they managed the traffic on the line west of Le Mans, including the line to Brest and line to Quimper. They hauled trains of up to 16 coaches, weighing over 800 tons.
The 241.P class were allocated to the following depots: 
Although powerful, the class was not without its problems. The frames, lightly constructed to avoid excessive axle load, were not able to handle the power of the cylinders and flexing of the frame under load led to problems such as hot axle boxes. The class also suffered from leaking boiler tubes after passing over points, which necessitated structural reinforcement.
The class was withdrawn progressively from service from 1965 for 241.P.1 to 1973 for 241.P.16. Their last regular work, on the Le Mans to Nantes route, ended in early 1970. The class was nicknamed the "grosses P" to distinguish them from the 141.P Class, which were called the "petites P".
Preservation.
Four 241.Ps have been preserved: 

</doc>
<doc id="5928917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928917" title="Malden River">
Malden River

The Malden River is a river in Malden, Medford, and Everett, Massachusetts. It is roughly wide at its widest point and is very narrow at its smallest point. Its banks are largely occupied by industrial business, and the river is scarcely used or even mentioned. Its water quality is worse than most local waters, including the Mystic River, into which it flows.
Most agree that the river is under-utilized. Projects like Rivers Edge (formerly TeleCom City) hope to promote recreational use of the river's banks. Currently, crew teams, including one from the Mystic Valley Regional Charter School, practice on the river because it is never crowded like the Charles River. Also, a state-of-the-art boat house is located on the Malden-Everett line on the west bank of the river, used by the Tufts University rowing team.
Course.
The above-ground portion of the Malden River starts behind Canal Street in the southwest corner of Malden, where it is fed by three underground canals (described below). It then flows southward for about , forming the border between Medford and Everett before emptying into the Mystic River.
Water quality.
Like the Mystic River, its waters were once brackish and influenced by the tides. The construction of the Amelia Earhart Dam in 1966 has converted it to freshwater and maintained a fairly constant depth. The Malden River is very polluted; not only is it exceedingly turbid, but it contains high numbers of fecal coliform bacteria.
Water quality is further reduced by the use of combined sewer overflow systems, in which storm water and raw sewage share pipes. Thus, in times of high water, raw sewage is fed directly into the river.
Dams and locks.
The Amelia Earhart Dam, situated on the Mystic River below the mouth of the Malden River, converted the Malden River from a brackish, tidal river, to a non-tidal freshwater river when it was constructed in 1966. The dam was more sophisticated than the simple iron gates of the Craddock Locks, which it replaced. It is a permanent concrete structure with three passages to allow boats to pass through. There is a tower where workers observe incoming boats and open the lock accordingly. The dam is equipped with a pump, and is able to pump freshwater downstream even during high tide to prevent flooding. The river flows backwards at times depending on the dam. It was modeled after the Charles River Dam, which is very similar in structure and purpose. Fish passage has been a problem, as there is no working fish ladder there, but workers do leave the locks open at times to allow fish to pass. There is no pedestrian access to the dam.
There are also a set of locks controlling the first canal that leads underground at the beginning of the river. Nothing more than metal barriers lowered by turning a knob, these prevent water from flooding the underground streams in Malden. These locks are very rarely closed. There is a set at the beginning of the canal, and a set at the end, right before the water disappears underground.
Canals.
Three canals converge to form the above ground portion of the river, all located on Canal Street. The first canal is a long straight passageway that is divided into two half sections by a concrete divider. It contains the locks mentioned above.
The second canal is a concrete half circle with a bridge over it. It is surprisingly deep at about . This canal is a gathering spot for spawning Alewife and the stripers that follow them.
The third canal is structured like the first, except it is much shorter and lacks any locks. This canal is where the actual river continues underground.
Fish.
Despite its poor water quality, the Malden River is home to many fish. Most prevalent is the carp, which exists in great numbers and can often be observed basking near the surface. Carp are not native to the Malden River, having been introduced to the river in the 19th century. They have thrived and exist in most waters across the country. Despite their poor reputation as a dirty bottom feeder, they are an excellent sportfish to those who can throw away any preconceived notions about them. They can be caught from the Malden River with simple food baits—such as corn or bread—on the bottom of the river.
Another fish is the alewife and its cousin, the blueback herring, collectively known as river herring or simply herring. Both migrate from the ocean into the fresh water of the Malden River every spring to spawn. Striped bass, a prized saltwater fish, also come in from the ocean to spawn and prey on the herring. Other fish, like bluegill, largemouth bass, and catfish, are less common.
History.
The Native Americans and settlers used the Malden River for recreation and commercial purposes. Alewife and blueback herring were once caught in this river with nets and used for consumption. Shipbuilding also occurred along the Malden River.
The Malden River was once a brackish river with salt marshes lining its banks. It was also originally connected to Ell Pond and was fed by Spot Pond Brook, which connected to Spot Pond. The portion of the river before its current beginning, and into which Spot Pond Brook emptied, was sometimes known as Spot and Ell Pond Brook. Others just referred to it as the Malden River. This portion was prone to flooding and contained a few small ponds. Its other sources included several small creeks that have since been covered or replaced by drainage pipes and culverts. One of these creeks flowed along the old Boston and Maine Railroad Saugus Branch tracks and was called B&M. The second one is Townline Brook Canal (aka the rat trails), which now terminates near Broadway. Townline Brook empties into the Pines River now at the Linden end of Malden. One brook called Shilly Shally is west of Washington Street in Melrose and only flows during the spring. It cascades from the Middlesex Fells Reservation in an amazing waterfall only be channeled underground to Spot and Ell Pond Brook.
Further up, at Spot and Ell Pond Brook (near the current Oak Grove MBTA station), there is a tributary that is mostly underground, but appears in Pine Banks Park and Forest Dale Cemetery. Alongside the commuter rail tracks to Wyoming Hill Station in Melrose, the brook is above ground. A small section of Spot Pond Brook is above ground in Stoneham, north of Wyoming Avenue. Spot Pond Brook is entirely above ground in the Fells Reservation.
Near the present-day post office, there is a park called Coytemore Lea. The river once flowed through this park. It was decorated with bridges, waterfalls and flowers. The river has been covered up, but the park still remains.
The Revere Beach Parkway crosses the river on a 1954 bascule bridge, known as the Woods Memorial Bridge, which has not opened for river traffic in over 30 years. MassDOT expects to replace this bridge, which has a 10-ton weight limit, with a fixed span beginning in summer 2014.
Sports on the river.
Rowing is a very common sport along the Malden River. There are currently three teams who use the river for practice and for races. The original team of the Malden River was Tufts University. They started off in a tarp-like tent, but in 2005, they moved into a modern boathouse a little farther down the river. The crew teams of Mystic Valley Regional Charter School and the teams of Gentle Giant (Malden, Somerville, Medford, and adult teams) now use the original Tufts boathouse. Motorboats and anglers are also seen; swimming is not common on the river due to a high bacteria count.

</doc>
<doc id="5928920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928920" title="John J. Pershing Middle School">
John J. Pershing Middle School

John J. Pershing Middle School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5928921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928921" title="Otter Tail River">
Otter Tail River

The Otter Tail River is a river in the west-central portion of the U.S. state of Minnesota. It begins in Clearwater County, southwest of Bemidji. It then flows through a number of lakes and cities in Minnesota, including Elbow Lake, Many Point Lake, Chippewa Lake, Height of Land Lake, Frazee, the Pine lakes, Rush Lake, Otter Tail Lake and Ottertail, West Lost Lake, Fergus Falls, and Orwell Lake. 
At its mouth, it joins with the Bois de Sioux River to form the Red River at Wahpeton, North Dakota. The Red River is the Minnesota-North Dakota boundary from this point onward to the Canadian border. Waters of the Red River watershed ultimately flow north into Hudson Bay.
Five dams were built on the Otter Tail River in the Fergus Falls area between 1909 and 1925 by the Otter Tail Power Company. They are Taplin Gorge (1925), Hoot Lake (1914), Central / Wright (1871 / 1922), Pisgah (1918), and Dayton Hollow (1909).

</doc>
<doc id="5928926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928926" title="Space Fever">
Space Fever

Gameplay.
Similar to the gameplay of Space Invaders, Space Fever stars alien invaders who are attacking Earth. Player must shoot them out of the sky before they land, while avoiding each projectile shot by them. The alien craft are arranged in rows and they slowly move left and right across the screen. When the row reaches the edge, the ships drop down a row and move in the opposite direction.
Unlike Space Invaders, Space Fever has three different game modes, instead of one for 1- or 2-player games:
As players shoot more enemies, the speed of them will increase, as will the number of their projectiles. Players have four shelter blocks above them that absorb the enemy shots until they are worn through, and being hit by an enemy shot will cost players a life. Players have three lives and once they lose all of them, the game is over. Sometimes a UFO will fly along the top of the screen and can be hit for a random amount of Bonus points.
Sequels.
A special version of Space Fever called , released the same year, features aliens double the width of the standard variety, which can either be destroyed completely or split into two smaller aliens depending on where they are shot. Not only the color version was colored, but also got the looks of its shelter blocks modified from the looks of the monochrome version's.
A sequel to Space Fever, known as was built into the Game Boy Camera and acted both as a means of selecting the other built-in games, and as a game in itself. Space Fever II deviates from the "Space Invaders" formula, featuring instead smaller waves of individual aliens and bosses based on faces of Nintendo staff as well as the "game face" photo taken by the player.

</doc>
<doc id="5928937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928937" title="Zenobius of Florence">
Zenobius of Florence

Saint Zenobius () (337–417) is venerated as the first bishop of Florence. His feast day is celebrated on May 25.
Life.
Born of a Florentine noble family, he was educated by his pagan parents. He came early under the influence of the holy bishop Theodore, was baptized by him, and succeeded, after much opposition, in bringing his father and mother to the Christianity. He embraced the clerical state, and rapidly rose to the position of archdeacon, when his virtues and notable powers as a preacher made him known to Saint Ambrose, at whose instance Pope Damasus I (366-86) called him to Rome, and employed him in various important missions, including a legation to Constantinople. On the death of Damasus he returned to his native city, where he resumed his apostolic labours, and on the death of the bishop of that see, Zenobius, to the great joy of the people, was appointed to succeed him. His deacons are venerated as St. Eugene and St. Crescentius. He evangelized Florence and its outskirts completely and combated Arianism. 
According to his biographer and successor in the See of Florence, Antonius, he died in his ninetieth year, in 424; but, as Antonius says that Pope Innocent I (d. 417) was at the time pope, the date is uncertain. 
There is ground for believing that he actually died in 417, on 25 May, on which day the ancient tower where he is supposed to have lived, near the Ponte Vecchio, was annually decorated with flowers.
Veneration.
His body was first buried in the Basilica di San Lorenzo di Firenze (consecrated by St. Ambrose in 393), and was later translated to the church of Santa Maria del Fiore. 
In the back of the middle of the three apses is the altar of Saint Zenobius. Its bronze shrine, designed around 1440, a masterpiece of Ghiberti, contains the urn with his relics. The central relief shows us one his miracles, the reviving of a dead child. Above this shrine is the painting "Last Supper" by Giovanni Balducci. There was also a glass-paste mosaic panel "The Bust of Saint Zanobius" by the 16th century miniaturist Monte di Giovanni, but it is now on display in the Museo dell'Opera del Duomo.
Miracles.
Extraordinary miracles, including several instances of the restoration of the dead to life, are attributed to him. Zenobius is said to have resurrected several dead people. It is also said that after his death, a dead elm burst into life after his body touched it while being borne to the cathedral for burial. 
A legend states that a child was once run over by a cart while playing. His mother, a widow, wailed as she brought the dead child to Zenobius' deacon. By means of a prayer, St. Zenobius revived the child and restored him to his mother.
In art.
Zenobius is often depicted with a dead child or man in his arms, or a flowering elm, both in reference to his miracles. 
Sandro Botticelli depicted the life and work of St. Zenobius on four paintings. In the first scene, St Zenobius is shown twice: he rejects the bride that his parents intended him to take in marriage and walks thoughtfully away. The other episodes show the baptism of the young Zenobius and his mother, and on the right his ordination as bishop. 
On the wall of the Palazzo Vecchio are frescoes by Domenico Ghirlandaio, painted in 1482. The apotheosis of St. Zenobius was painted with a perspectival illusion of the background. 

</doc>
<doc id="5928939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928939" title="Flesh and Blood (novel)">
Flesh and Blood (novel)

Flesh and Blood is a mystery novel by Jonathan Kellerman
Plot introduction.
The mother of a former patient (Lauren Teague) calls Alex Delaware to tell him that the patient is missing. Alex had treated Lauren briefly as a teenager, and feels as if he failed in reaching her. He plans to make up for it by finding and helping her. After Lauren's body is found, Milo and Alex begin to unravel her past to find her killer.
Explanation of the novel's title.
Lauren was killed by Cheryl, her newfound father's ex-wife, as it turns out the family she grew up with was not her own. The phrase "flesh and blood" is often used to refer to family.
Plot summary.
Alex receives a call from the mother of an ex-patient, Lauren Teague. Considering it unresolved business, Alex contacts Milo and they ask around to see if they can find her. Her body turns up and the missing person case turns into a murder investigation.
Alex and Milo visit her parents, former co-workers, roommates, and employers. They follow connections back and find that Lauren had $350,000 saved up, probably earned from prostitution. She had recently started to attend college, and was part of an intimacy experiment. When a former co-worker ends up dead after speaking to them, they know the murder was no ordinary mugging. Then Lauren's mother is killed, presumably by her husband.
While kayaking along the beach near the Duke mansion, Alex rescues a boy who had swum out too far. This gets him invited in, and he makes the acquaintance of Duke's ex-wife, Cheryl. They flirt, and when a rendezvous is arranged, the killer shows up and shoots Cheryl. Alex is saved by Lauren's brother, Ben Dugger.

</doc>
<doc id="5928942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928942" title="Tuckerella">
Tuckerella

The peacock mites of the genus Tuckerella (the only genus of the mite family Tuckerellidae) are a significant pest in the tropics, for example on citrus fruit. Peacock mites are so named because of the elaborate ornamentations adorning the dorsal surface of their bodies. They also possess five to seven posteriorly projecting pairs of whip-like setae which are used to defend themselves against predators. They may also help in wind-borne dispersal. They are classified in the superfamily Tetranychoidea.

</doc>
<doc id="5928954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928954" title="Timo Blomqvist">
Timo Blomqvist

Timo Pauli Blomqvist (born January 23, 1961 in Helsinki, Finland) is a former Finnish ice hockey player.
Drafted in 1980 by the Washington Capitals, Blomqvist also played briefly for the New Jersey Devils before he returned to play hockey in Europe for good.

</doc>
<doc id="5928956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928956" title="Eva Avila">
Eva Avila

Eva Avila (born Eva Gougeon-Ávila on February 25, 1987 in Gatineau, Quebec) is a singer and songwriter. She won the fourth season of the CTV reality show "Canadian Idol" in 2006.
Early life.
Avila's father introduced her to music and she has been singing in public since the age of 2, and at the age of 9 was a winner on "Homegrown Cafe", a talent show on CJOH-TV, in Ottawa. Her nickname, given by her family when she was a small child, is still "Eva le dragon" (English: Eva the dragon). Prior to "Idol", she had been working as a postal clerk and a beauty consultant. She had also been a former winner of the "Jeune Diva du Québec" contest. Avila also participated in another competition for a Quebec TV téléroman aired on Radio-Canada called "Virginie". She usually speaks English and French, as well as a little Spanish because her father is of Peruvian origin.
Music career.
2006: "Canadian Idol".
In early 2006, Avila auditioned for the fourth season of "Canadian Idol" in Ottawa. She advanced into the top 10, and then she made it to the final two of the competition. During the final show, hundreds of Avila's supporters were gathered at Gatineau City Hall while "Canadian Idol" crews were filming scenes occasionally during the show. Several local politicians such as Gatineau mayor Marc Bureau, Hull—Aylmer federal MP Marcel Proulx, as well as Hull provincial MNA Roch Cholette were in attendance. During the finale show, Judge Zack Werner said that Avila was the show's most obvious candidate for international stardom, but he thought Craig Sharpe would win the competition. However, on September 16, 2006, Eva Avila was crowned as the fourth "Canadian Idol" winner, defeating Craig Sharpe by a margin of only 131,000 votes or 3%. To date, she is one of only five singers from Quebec or Francophone Canada to crack the top ten and the first to win the event: Season one's Audrey de Montigny was the first to reach the top ten, Steffi DiDomenicantonio in season four, Khalila Glanville in season five and Katherine St-Laurent in season six.
2006–07: "Somewhere Else".
Hours after her victory, Avila signed with the Sony BMG Canada record label and released her first single "Meant to Fly", which debuted at number one on the Canadian singles chart, a position it held for a huge nine weeks. The single was eventually certified double platinum. On October 5, 2006, the CTV television network reported that Avila has signed a modelling contract with Ford Model. Avila started the 2006 NHL season on October 4 when she performed the Canadian national anthem at the Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Ottawa Senators game. She performed the anthem again before another Battle of Ontario game at the Scotiabank Place on October 26 following an autograph session on the same afternoon at Gatineau's Les Galeries de Hull shopping centre.
Avila's debut album, "Somewhere Else", was released on November 14, 2006. and debuted at number 6 on the Canadian albums chart, selling 16,000 copies in its first week. The second single from the album, "I Owe It All To You", peaked at number nine. On November 19, 2006, Avila performed the national anthem at the 94th Grey Cup game in Winnipeg. Eva and her "Canadian Idol" predecessor, Melissa O'Neil, were both nominated for the 2007 Juno Award for Best New Artist, but Tomi Swick won the award. The third and final single from Avila's album, "Fallin' for You" was released in April 2007 and peaked at number thirty-five.
2008–10: "Give Me the Music".
On March 26, 2007, eTalk confirmed that Avila would be the new face of Maybelline New York, making her the first Canadian to be a face for the brand. Also in 2007, she participated on the Hip Hop compilation "Les 40 Voleurs" with La Dynastie on the song "La Fausse Raison". Eva also recorded the song: "Canada (You're a Lifetime Journey)", the finale tune to the film "O Canada!" which is shown at the Canadian pavilion in Epcot in Orlando, Florida.
Following the success of her debut album, Avila returned to the recording studio in Toronto to begin work on her second album. On August 9, 2008, she announced on Canada's eTalk that the first single to be taken from her second album would be called "Give Me The Music", composed by Matrax Production and written by Frankie Storm, Tee Marie a.k.a. Tanya Miller of (Tha Kopi Writz) and Shaun Johnson and would be released on September 2, with the album of the same name following on October 28. She also stated that the record label, Sony BMG Canada were hoping to make the record her first American release. If the album was released and well received in America, Avila stated that she hoped to extend the album's supportive tour into the U.S. When released in Canada on October 28, Eva's second album "Give Me the Music" hit the national albums chart at number 63, a surprisingly low debut considering the lead single had peaked at number 21 on the Canadian Hot 100. "Damned", the second single from the album debuted on the Hot 100 in January 2009 and peaked at number 83. In late March 2009, Avila was the support act for the four Canadian dates of Beyoncé Knowles' "I Am... Tour". She recently performed at the Virgin Festival 2009 in Montreal. She was the third act. She also performed at the 2010 Winter Olympics closing ceremony on February 28, 2010.
2011.
Eva Avila sang the National Anthem and performed at the half-time show at the Montreal Alouettes home opener on June 29, 2011. She sang three songs, including "I Owe It All to You". The Als defeated the B.C. Lions 30-26.
2013–Present: "Dream You Better".
On October 15, 2013, Eva released "Bitter Meets Sweet" the first single from her upcoming EP entitled Dream You Better, due out in 2014.
Discography.
The following is a complete discography of every album and single released by Canadian pop/R&B artist Eva Avila.
Tours.
2007: Somewhere Else Tour2009: I Am... Tour (Support act)
Controversies.
Cholette and Proulx, two politicians who appeared at the "Canadian Idol" final, published a full page newspaper ad to ask local residents to vote for Avila. This drew criticism from local residents, who claimed it was a waste of taxpayers' money. It was later ruled that the two politicians had to pay the costs.
Avila's name was mentioned in the Outaouais Parti Québécois 2007 election platform recognizing local culture, including Avila and Pierre Lapointe. After complaints from her record company, Sony BMG, the party decided to remove her name.

</doc>
<doc id="5928958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928958" title="Politics of Houston">
Politics of Houston

Founded in 1836 and incorporated in 1837, Houston, Texas, United States is one of the fastest growing major cities in the United States and the largest without zoning laws. The city is the county seat of Harris County. A portion of southwest Houston extends into Fort Bend County and a small portion in the northeast extends into Montgomery County.
The city of Houston has a strong mayor–council government. The City's elected officials, serving concurrent two-year terms, are: the mayor, the city comptroller and 14 members of the city council. Under the strong mayor-council government, the mayor serves as the executive officer of the city. As the city's chief administrator and official representative, the mayor is responsible for the general management of the city and for seeing that all laws and ordinances are enforced.
As the result of a 1991 referendum in Houston, a mayor is elected for a two-year term, and can be elected to as many as three consecutive terms. City council members, who also have a three-term limit, are elected from nine districts in the city, along with five at-large council members, who represent the entire city. As of 2012, the mayor of Houston is Annise Parker, who is serving her second term.
The city council lineup was based on a U.S. Justice Department mandate which took effect in 1979. Under the current city charter, when the population in the Houston city limits passed 2.2 million residents, the nine-member city council districts expanded to include two more city council districts. The municipal elections held on November 8, 2011 included the newly formed Districts J (located in the Greater Sharpstown area) and K (a section of Southwest Houston, Reliant Park, and Fort Bend County located within the Houston City Limits) where 2 candidates won over 50% of the vote. Houston is a home rule city and all municipal elections in the state of Texas are nonpartisan.
Many local lawmakers have been impacted by the city's term limits. Several former city officials—Anthony Hall, Rodney Ellis, Sheila Jackson-Lee, Sylvia Garcia, Martha Wong, Chris Bell, Annise Parker, and Shelley Sekula-Gibbs—chose to run for other elected positions once their terms expired or shortly before they were due to expire.
Former mayor Lee P. Brown denounced the term limits, saying they prevented incumbents from gaining enough experience in city government. A proposal to double the current two-year term of office has been debated—as of 2005, several candidates for the city council have brought up the issue of whether term limits should be amended or eliminated. Some elected officials from the Greater Houston area within the Texas Legislature—primarily Garnet Coleman and Sylvester Turner—have also spoken out against term limits. In 2010, a term limits review commission appointed by former Mayor Bill White called for amending the city charter on extending term limits where elected officials could serve two four-year terms; the proposal failed 8.18.10 after the Houston City Council voted 7-7. 
Houston is considered to be a politically divided city whose balance of power often sways between Republicans and Democrats. The affluent western-central portions of Houston—such as River Oaks and the Memorial/Spring Branch area, as well as master planned communities of Kingwood and Clear Lake City—consistently vote Republican, while many of the inner city areas, Neartown, and Alief—are heavily Democratic. According to the 2005 Houston Area Survey, 68 percent of non-Hispanic whites in Harris County are declared or favor Republicans while 89 percent of non-Hispanic blacks in the area are declared or favor Democrats. About 62 percent Hispanics (of any race) in the area are declared or favor Democrats.
History.
In 1912 the Government of Texas passed an amendment to the Texas Constitution that allowed the annexation of unincorporated areas. Since then the City of Houston annexed various properties.
Municipal government.
Super neighborhoods.
During the administration of Lee P. Brown, starting in the year 2000 the City of Houston began grouping areas into "super neighborhoods." Communities with similar identities, infrastructures, and physical features were grouped into super neighborhoods.
Parks and Recreation Department.
The City of Houston Parks and Recreation Department was created by a city ordinance on March 15, 1916. When it was created it had two parks, Hermann Park and Sam Houston Park. As of 2010 the department maintains about 350 developed parks and 200 esplanades and greenspaces inside and outside of the City of Houston.
Houston Airport System.
The Houston Airport System manages three airports in the Houston city limits: George Bush Intercontinental Airport, William P. Hobby Airport, and Ellington Airport.
Office of Emergency Management.
The Office of Emergency Management coordinates the city's emergency response, and maintains the city's AlertHouston notification system.
State government.
The Texas Department of Transportation operates the Houston District Office in Houston.
The Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) operates the Region III Parole Division headquarters in Houston. The Houston VI district parole office is located on the grounds of the headquarters. The Houston I, Houston II, Houston III, Houston IV, and Houston VII are located in other places in Houston. The Houston V district parole office is in Pasadena. The agency also operates the Joe Kegans Unit state jail facility in Downtown Houston.
The Huntsville Unit in Huntsville serves as the designated regional release center for prisoners arriving in the Houston area. Throughout the history of the Texas Prison System 90% of male prisoners, regardless of where they were being released, were sent to the unit for the final portions of their sentences before being released. Starting in September 2010 the TDCJ instead began to use regional release centers for male prisoners. Female prisoners throughout Texas who are not state jail prisoners or substance abuse felony punishment facility residents are released from the Christina Crain Unit in Gatesville.
The Texas Youth Commission (TYC) operates the Houston District Office in Greater Sharpstown, Houston. The closest TYC correctional facility to Houston is the Al Price State Juvenile Correctional Facility in unincorporated Jefferson County, near Beaumont. The TYC announced that the Al Price facility will close by August 31, 2011.
Federal government.
The United States Postal Service's main post office facility is the Houston Post Office at 401 Franklin Street in Downtown Houston. In February 2009 the U.S. Postal Service announced that it was going to sell the Houston Post Office. The party buying the facility is required to build a replacement facility. The postal service operates station branches in other parts of Houston.
The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Houston Field Office and the Houston office of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) are in Greenspoint and in Houston. An ICE Special Agent in Charge (SAC) principal field office is also in Houston. The Houston Contract Detention Facility, operated by the Corrections Corporation of America on behalf of ICE, is located in Houston.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas Houston Branch is located in the Fourth Ward of Houston.
Elected officials.
Houston is represented in the United States Congress by U.S. Senators John Cornyn and Ted Cruz and U.S. Representatives Kevin Brady, John Culberson, Al Green, Gene Green, Sheila Jackson Lee, Michael McCaul, Pete Olson, Ron Paul, and Ted Poe.

</doc>
<doc id="5928966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928966" title="SS Mariposa">
SS Mariposa

SS "Mariposa" was a luxury ocean liner launched in 1931; one of four ships in the Matson Lines "White Fleet" which included , and . It was later renamed the SS "Homeric".
Career with Matson Lines.
SS "Mariposa" was designed for service in the Pacific Ocean including regular stops in ports along the West Coast of the United States, Hawaii, Samoa, Fiji, New Zealand and Australia. Her maiden voyage began 16 January 1932 in New York City where she sailed to Havana, transited the Panama Canal and berthed in the Port of Los Angeles before continuing on to tour ten more countries in the south and west Pacific.
War service.
In World War II she operated under the War Shipping Administration with allocation and close association with the U.S. Army, though not officially a U.S. Army Transport (U.S.A.T.), serving as a fast troop carrier, bringing supplies and support forces to distant shores as well as rescuing persons stranded in foreign countries by the outbreak of war. "Mariposa", with Navy designated troop capacity of 4,165 and speed of 20.5 knots, was one of the very large, fast transports, the largest nicknamed "Monsters," usually sailing without escort.
War voyages.
1946 Australia/New Zealand dependent voyages from Australia
Career with Home Lines.
In 1947 the ship was mothballed for six years at Union Iron Works in Alameda, California. Her engines were overhauled by Todd San Francisco Division. Home Lines bought her and renamed her SS "Homeric", sailing her to Trieste for reconstruction to allow 1243 passengers: 147 First Class and 1,096 tourist class. Gross register tonnage increased to 18,563. Total length increased to 641 feet (195.5 meters). Home Lines operated her beginning 24 January 1955 for liner service between ports in the north Atlantic. In 1964 she replaced the SS "Italia" to steam on the regular run between New York and Nassau, Bahamas, though she in turn was shortly replaced by . SS "Homeric" was reassigned to intra-Caribbean cruises. In 1973, a major fire destroyed much of her galley and restaurant and she was scrapped in Taiwan in 1974. During the ship breaking process, her sister ship "Ellinis" (ex-"Lurline") suffered major engine damage on a cruise to Japan; Chandris Lines was able to purchase one of the "Mariposa" engines from the ship breakers.

</doc>
<doc id="5928967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928967" title="Texas divisionism">
Texas divisionism

Texas divisionism is a mainly historical movement that advocates the division of the U.S. state of Texas into as many as five states, as some proponents argue is permitted by a provision included in the resolution admitting the former Republic of Texas into the Union in 1845.
Texas divisionists would tend to argue that the division of their state is desirable because as the second largest and second most populous state in the U.S. Texas is too large to be governed efficiently as one political unit or that in several states Texans would gain more power at the federal level, particularly in the U.S. Senate to which each state elects two Senators and by extension in the Electoral College in which each state gets two electoral votes for their Senators in addition to an electoral vote for each Representative. However, division may be wastefully duplicative, requiring a new state government. 
Texas' division was frequently proposed in the early decades of Texan statehood, particularly in the decades immediately prior to and following the American Civil War in which Texas seceded from the Union and joined the Confederacy. Since approximately the 1930s, Texas divisionism has generally been seen as a fringe movement and proposals to divide the state have not usually been taken seriously.
State of Jefferson.
Because the Act of Admission of Texas into the Union allows the state to divide itself, a bill was introduced to the Texas legislature in 1915 in order to create a State of Jefferson, made up of the Texas Panhandle.
State of Lincoln.
Another state that was to be named "State of Lincoln" was in Texas after the U.S. Civil War. It was proposed in 1869 to be carved out of the territory of Texas from the area south and west of the state's Colorado River. Unlike many other Texas division proposals of the Reconstruction period this one was presented to Congress, but like the others it failed.
Federal Constitutional Provision.
The resolution of 1845, states that division is "under the provisions of the Federal Constitution". Article IV Section 3 of The United States Constitution expressly prohibits Texas, or any other state, from dividing up and forming smaller states without Congressional approval. The relevant clause says "New states may be admitted by the Congress into this union; but no new states shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any other state; nor any state be formed by the junction of two or more states, or parts of states, without the consent of the legislatures of the states concerned as well as of the Congress". While opponents argue that the Constitutional provision would require Congressional approval of any new states formed from Texas' territory, proponents argue that the resolution of 1845, as it was a bill which passed both houses of Congress, stands as Congressional "pre-approval" under the terms of the Constitution for formation of such states.

</doc>
<doc id="5928976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928976" title="Eric Washington">
Eric Washington

Eric Maurice Washington (born March 23, 1974) is an American former National Basketball Association player. 
Washington attended the University of Alabama, where he scored 1,532 points, grabbed 557 rebounds, and made 262 three-point field goals. He was selected in the 1997 NBA Draft as the 48th overall pick by the Orlando Magic, and appeared for the Denver Nuggets during two seasons, from 1997 to 1999.
He also played professionally in China, Finland, and for the Idaho Stampede of the NBA D-League. In 2010 he signed with Nürnberger BC in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="5928979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5928979" title="Mug (disambiguation)">
Mug (disambiguation)

A Mug is a large cup with a handle
Mug may also refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5929017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929017" title="Rudbar">
Rudbar

Rudbar (, also Romanized as Rūdbār, Roodbar, and Roudbar; also known as Rūdbār-e Kūhpāyeh) is a city in and the capital of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11,454, in 3,303 families.
Rudbar is from Tehran and with a variable climate. It is located on the fringes of a valley through which the Sefid River (Rud-e Safid) flows. Rudbar can be considered as a gateway to the Gīlān Province from central Iran.
Its name (meaning "by the river" in Persian) is a reference to the river named Sepid Rood (Sepid Roud) that passes by the town. Rudbar is also called "Roodbar Zeitoun (olive)" for the olive gardens in the area.
Rudbar's local economy notably includes olives and olive-based products. Groves of olive trees surround the city. Olive oil is produced locally. Rudbar is also known for its cream-hued, handcrafted carpets of fine quality. Despite the olive gardens that may suggest presence of a Mediterranean climate, the winters are very cold in the area. The winds in the Sepid Rood valley (Manjil) are well known in the country.
Many of the people of Rudbar are Tats and speak Tati.
History.
The civilization of Rudbar and its surroundings date back to 2000 years BCE. The Marlik bowl, a famous archeological artifact and one of the oldest gold bowls in the world from 1st millennium BC, was found there. With the advent of Islam, tribes from Damascus and Halab immigrated and became settlers there. Later, Nizari Isma'ili da'wa made inroads and eventually established a Hashshashin stronghold. In the era of Nader Shah Afshar, groups from the Kurds of Quchan and areas of northern Khorassan also settled there.
Rudbar was near the epicenter of the Manjil-Rudbar earthquake of magnitude 7.3 Richter (MS=7.7, MW=7.3, mb=6.4) at 12:31am local time on June 21, 1990, that killed around 50,000 and injured 100,000 city residents. Despite reconstruction, it has not regained its former glory.
Shahrestan Rudbar.
Shahrestan Rudbar or Rudbar County was formed after a meeting between some Rudbari politicians such as Ziaeddin Tavakkoli and Reza Shah.

</doc>
<doc id="5929028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929028" title="Edgardo Prátola">
Edgardo Prátola

Edgardo Fabián Prátola (La Plata, 20 May 1969 - La Plata, 28 April 2002) was an Argentine football (soccer) player.
His career started as a defender with Estudiantes de La Plata, where his devotion was noted as one of the reasons the club returned from relegation in 1995. Prátola owned the No. 6 jersey and was the captain of the team.
Prátola played for Mexican side León between 1996 and 1999, after which he returned to Argentina to play for Unión de Santa Fe, and then returned to Estudiantes in 2000. Diagnosed with cancer of the colon in 2000, he broke the news himself in an unassuming way, quit the team after unsuccessful surgery, and fought his illness to the end. The day before his death he asked that Estudiantes play their next match (against Independiente) and not ask for a postponement. A touching ceremony was held before the game.
He is fondly remembered by Estudiantes fans by his nickname "el ruso" (the Russian).
After winning the Apertura 2006 championship in a play-off against Boca Juniors, many Estudiantes players displayed t-shirts in honour of Pratola. Current captain Juan Sebastian Veron mentioned him in an emotional victory speech broadcast around the stadium, leading to chanting of 'Ruso' by Estudiantes fans.
Prátola was again remembered by Estudiantes following the club's triumph in the 2009 Copa Libertadores finals against Cruzeiro. In the post-match celebrations, Estudiantes players wore shirts that said, "Ruso, estás con nosotros," or, "Ruso, you are with us."

</doc>
<doc id="5929031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929031" title="St Mary's Cathedral, Perth">
St Mary's Cathedral, Perth

St Mary's Cathedral, Perth, officially the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary, is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Perth, and seat of its Archbishop, currently Timothy Costelloe. 
The cathedral is at the centre of Victoria Square, on the northern end of Victoria Avenue, Perth, Western Australia.
The cathedral as it now stands was constructed in three main phases, with the first phase completed in 1865. Plans were drawn up for the replacement of the cathedral in the 1920s with a larger Perpendicular Gothic edifice. However, construction was interrupted by the onset of the Great Depression, leaving a new transept and sanctuary, with the aisle of the original cathedral as its nave. After 70 years incomplete, and portions of the cathedral requiring extensive repair work, funds were eventually raised in the late 1990s and early 2000s for the completion of the expansion. A new curved design for the expansion was created, and featured a second spire and underground parish centre. The cathedral closed for construction in 2006, and reopened in December 2009.
History.
The first Roman Catholic church in the colony was St John's Pro-Cathedral on Victoria Avenue. The colony eventually outgrew this small church, and the local Bishop expressed an interest in constructing a "more worthy Cathedral".
First stage: 1865 to 1930.
The Benedictine Brothers from Subiaco and New Norcia had constructed the Bishop's Palace facing Victoria Square. The square had originally been named "Church Square", and had been set aside for the construction of a Church of England cathedral. However, the early Anglicans in the colony considered the location to be too far from the centre of the fledgling colony, and instead constructed St George's Cathedral on what is now St Georges Terrace. Bishop Serra therefore applied to the Governor of the colony to cede the land in Victoria Square to the Roman Catholic Church, which occurred on 13 August 1859.
Bishop Serra travelled to Rome, and while there received a donation of 1,000 scudi from Francis II of the Two Sicilies. He also secured a donation of marble from the Benedictine Brothers of the Monastery of Saint Paul Outside the Walls, which was used to construct the cathedral's altar. This altar arrived at the colony in 1862.
On 8 February 1863, Bishop of Perth Rosendo Salvado laid the foundation stone of the cathedral.
Because of labour and fund shortages, construction of the cathedral progressed slowly. Benedictine masons would walk daily between their Monastery in Subiaco and the construction site. In January 1864, construction was suspended because of a lack of money. Eventually further funds were raised and the building completed, for a total cost of £4,000. The cathedral was blessed and opened on 29 January 1865.
Benedictine Oblate Brother Joseph Ascione designed the cathedral in the Norman Gothic style. The cathedral's walls were built from clay bricks from a property in Adelaide Terrace. Between 1897 and 1910, alterations were made to the cathedral to emphasise its Gothic character, including the addition of a spire to its bell tower.
Second stage: 1930 to 1999.
In 1924, Bishop Clune started an appeal to fund the construction of a larger cathedral. Architect Michael Cavanagh designed the new cathedral in the Academic Gothic style. Architect John Cyril Hawes described the proposed design as "bastard Gothic" and proposed instead a large Romanesque cathedral. His plans were rejected, with the clergy instead opting for the Gothic design. Hawes went on to design St Francis Xavier Cathedral in Geraldton.
The foundation stone was laid on 25 April 1926. Deteriorating economic conditions associated with onset of the Great Depression necessitated the scaling back of the project. The original cathedral, less its sanctuary, was retained as the nave of an expanded cathedral. Exposed metal bands were left protruding from the wall of the new transept, in preparation for completion of the cathedral in future generations.
The expansion work was undertaken by builders A T Brine and Sons, and it was built from stone from the same quarry as the General Post Office building. The sanctuary mosaics were made to designs found in the Book of Kells. The stained glass windows were designed and created in the United Kingdom by John Hardman of Birmingham. The marble altar from the original cathedral was relocated to the sanctuary of the expanded cathedral.
The expanded, but incomplete, St Mary's Cathedral opened on 4 May 1930.
In 1938 the cathedral's boys' choir was established, making it the oldest Catholic boys' choir in Australia today.
In 1973, the central altar and lectern were added to the sanctuary and the redesigned sanctuary was consecrated on 12 August 1973.
In 1995 the Heritage Council of Western Australia noted that the original 1865 portion of the structure was suffering from falling damp and cracking in the walls, and the mosaic floors in the sanctuary were also cracked. Further deterioration of the cathedral by the end of the 20th century meant that decisions had to be made in relation to the repair and completion of the original design.
Third stage: 1999 to present.
In mid-1999, after a bequest of $2 million by the estate of Jim and Alice Hassell, the Archdiocese announced that they intended to finally complete the 1920s expansion, however construction was not expected to commence until 2001. However, it took longer than expected to source funds for the expansion, delaying commencement of the project. In the 2005–06 Federal budget, $3 million was set aside for the expansion, and a $2 million grant was received from the State government.
The cathedral was eventually closed in August 2006 for the commencement of construction. At this stage, the building was suffering from rising damp, a crumbling bell tower and structural weaknesses.
In 2006, after the closure of the cathedral for construction, the remains of Perth's first bishops were found beneath floorboards in the aisle, marked only by a small cross carved in the boards. As part of the restoration works, a permanent crypt for Perth's dead bishops was to be constructed underneath the altar. As part of the restoration project, the remains of Perth's first bishop, John Brady, were exhumed in 2011 from his grave in France and a few months later he was laid to rest in the crypt of St Mary's Cathedral.
The expansion project was overseen by the Dean of the Cathedral, Monsignor Thomas McDonald. Part of the restoration works involved hoisting the entire roof structure temporarily so that existing columns could be replaced and the walls reconfigured. The roof was then attached to a permanent steel structure.
By March 2007, increasing construction costs and the need for extra repair work meant that the project costs had blown out by $5 million. The costs had further blown out to $32.9 million by March 2009.
The new design includes increased seating for 1,600 people, a new underground parish centre and improved disabled access. It also adds a second spire to the church, which is not identical to the original spire because of a Heritage Council stipulation that the new spire not "shamelessly mimic" the existing one.
The completed Cathedral was officially opened by the then Archbishop of Perth, Barry Hickey on 8 December 2009, in a ceremony attended by the Apostolic Nuncio, Cardinal George Pell,33 bishops and 300 priests.

</doc>
<doc id="5929051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929051" title="Pride 27">
Pride 27

PRIDE 27: Inferno was a mixed martial arts event held by the PRIDE Fighting Championships. The event took place at the Osaka Castle Hall on February 1st, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="5929056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929056" title="Gordon Malone">
Gordon Malone

Gordon Malone (born July 17, 1974) is a former basketball player for West Virginia University. He was selected 43rd overall by the Minnesota Timberwolves in the 1997 NBA Draft.
He played for the Strong Island Sound of the American Basketball Association. Previously, he had spent time with the Saskatchewan Hawks in the Continental Basketball Association. Malone also played in China, Greece, Poland and Argentina and with the Harlem Globetrotters.

</doc>
<doc id="5929058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929058" title="The Wicker Man">
The Wicker Man

A wicker man is a wicker effigy used in human sacrifice by the ancient Gauls, according to Julius Caesar.
The Wicker Man or Wickerman may also refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5929065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929065" title="Therapeutic jurisprudence">
Therapeutic jurisprudence

Therapeutic jurisprudence ("TJ") is the study of how legal systems affect the emotions, behaviors and mental health of people. It is a relatively new multidisciplinary field taking its name from jurisprudence, the study of the law, and therapeutic, the power to cure or heal. It examines how the law and those who enact it may be helpful or harmful to people's wellbeing and mental health, and what alternatives there might be, including in specialist courts for particular problems.
Early development.
The term was first used by Professor David Wexler, of the University of Arizona Rogers College of Law and University of Puerto Rico School of Law, in a paper delivered to the National Institute of Mental Health in 1987. Along with Professor Bruce Winick of the University of Miami School of Law, who originated the concept with Wexler, the professors suggested the need for a new perspective, TJ, to study the extent to which substantive rules, legal procedures, and the role of legal actors (lawyers and judges primarily) produce therapeutic or antitherapeutic consequences for individuals involved in the legal process.
In the early 90’s, legal scholars began to use the term when discussing mental health law, including Wexler and Winick in their 1991 book, "Essays in Therapeutic Jurisprudence". The TJ Approach soon spread beyond mental health law to include TJ work in criminal law, family and juvenile law, health law, tort law, contracts and commercial law, trusts and estates law, disability law, constitutional law, evidence law, and legal profession. In short, TJ became a mental health approach to law generally.
The approach was soon applied to the way various legal actors--judges, lawyers, police officers, and expert witnesses—play their roles, suggesting ways of doing so that would diminish unintended antitherapeutic consequences and increase the psychological well-being of those who come into contact with these legal figures. In 1999 in a Notre Dame Law Review article TJ was applied to drug treatment courts (DTC) for the first time and the authors asserted that DTCs were TJ in action and that TJ provided the jurisprudential underpinnings of DTCs. TJ has emerged as the theoretical foundation for the increasing number of "problem-solving courts" that have transformed the role of the judiciary. These include, in addition to DTCs, domestic violence courts, mental health courts, re-entry courts, teen courts, and community courts.
Some countries embraced the TJ movement more than others: particularly America where it originated, as well as Canada and Australia albeit with reservations, with England mainly resisting while nevertheless developing some problem-solving courts. Attempts are made to introduce TJ concepts into the systems of various other countries, such as Pakistan.
Reframing roles.
Therapeutic Jurisprudence also has been applied in an effort to reframe the role of the lawyer. It envisions lawyers practicing with an ethic of care and heightened interpersonal skills, who value the psychological well being of their clients as well as their legal rights and interests, and to actively seek to prevent legal problems through creative drafting and problem-solving approaches. TJ also has begun to transform legal education, in particular clinical legal education.
Mainstreaming.
Traditionally, TJ was closely associated with problem-solving courts, such as drug treatment courts, because such courts were designed to invite the use of TJ practices (such as procedural justice, judge-client personal interaction, demonstration of empathy, active listening, and the like). Many desire the expansion of problem-solving courts, but for a number of reasons, especially economic ones, expansion on a large scale seems unlikely; in fact, in some jurisdictions, economic factors have even led to the elimination of such courts. For these and other reasons, a current interest on the part of many TJ scholars and proponents is to "mainstream" TJ—that is, to try to apply TJ practices and principles in "ordinary" courts, especially in criminal, juvenile, and perhaps family matters.
In order to mainstream TJ, a first analytical step is to see to what extent existing provisions of current codes are "friendly"to TJ—that is, whether their legal structure is sufficient to permit the introduction of TJ practices. If so, educational programs should be instituted to discuss how the law may be implemented in a more therapeutic manner. If not, a discussion would be necessary about the desirability and feasibility of legal reform.
Related concepts.
Therapeutic jurisprudence has been described as a subset of legal psychology, meaning the scientific study of mind and behavior as it affects or is affected by the law. As well, the term psychological jurisprudence has been used to describe study of the law as it is affected by and affects mind and behavior. Another related concept is restorative justice. The fields of Forensic psychology and forensic psychiatry also operate at the juncture of law and the mind.
The idea that the law can have a therapeutic role should not be confused with any idea that psychological therapies should be attempted to be used for legal ends (such as coercion) rather than clinically for clinical reasons. TJ theorists have also warned against the legal system uncritically accepting psychological experts and theories, and to not allow legal issues to masquerade as clinical ones if they are not.
Coming from the opposite direction, a related approach now dubbed 'jurisprudent psychology' (originally therapy) looks at whether psychological interventions are conducted fairly and consistently with legal concepts of justice.

</doc>
<doc id="5929075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929075" title="Urkunden des ægyptischen Altertums">
Urkunden des ægyptischen Altertums

The Urkunden des ægyptischen Altertums is a series of eight books composed of autographed transcriptions of hieroglyphic documents from ancient Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="5929080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929080" title="Walter Godefroot">
Walter Godefroot

Walter Godefroot (born 2 July 1943) is a retired Belgian professional road bicycle racer and former directeur sportif of , later known as T-Mobile Team, professional team.
Godefroot was a specialist in one-day classic cycle races, winning three Liège–Bastogne–Liège (1967), Paris–Roubaix (1969), and the Tour of Flanders (1968, 1978). Besides winning the green jersey at the 1970 Tour de France, Godefroot was the first to win the final stage on the Champs-Élysées stage in the Tour de France.
Godefroot was disqualified three times for doping. On 25 May 2007 Bjarne Riis, winner of the 1996 Tour de France and member of Team Telekom of which Godefroot was coach, admitted using EPO. Riis claims Godefroot turned a blind eye to drug use on the team.
Godefroot stepped down as team manager before the 2006 season. Olaf Ludwig became manager. After the exclusion of from the 2006 Tour de France, Godefroot returned to the peloton when became manager of Astana.
In his racing days he was called 'The Bulldog of Flanders'.

</doc>
<doc id="5929087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929087" title="Reggie Geary">
Reggie Geary

Reggie Elliot Geary (born August 31, 1973) is a retired American professional basketball guard for the NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers () and San Antonio Spurs (). As of 2011 he is coaching in Japan's professional basketball league.
He played college basketball at the University of Arizona under head coach Lute Olson. As a player at Arizona, the Wildcats had a 104-23 (.819) record, two Pac-10 Conference championships, and an appearance in the 1994 Final Four. He remains Arizona's fourth all-time steals leader (208) and sixth all-time leader in assists (560). Aside from his NBA career, Geary played two seasons in the Continental Basketball Association (1998 to 2000), and in Israel, Portugal, France and the Ukraine.
In 2005, Geary became recruiting and basketball operations coordinator at Arizona, working under Lute Olson. He then became head coach of the NBA D-League's Anaheim Arsenal for 18 months, before returning to Olson's staff as an assistant coach in 2008. From 2009 to 2011, Geary was an assistant coach at Southern Methodist University under head coach Matt Doherty.
In 2012, Geary was named coach of the year while at the helm for the Japanese professional basketball league's Yokohama B-Corsairs.

</doc>
<doc id="5929092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929092" title="Nathalie Richard">
Nathalie Richard

Nathalie Richard (born 6 January 1963) is a French actress.
Richard was born in Paris, France. She received the Prix Michel Simon film prize for most promising actress/actor for her role in the 1988 Jacques Rivette film "Gang of Four".

</doc>
<doc id="5929097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929097" title="Barron G. Collier High School">
Barron G. Collier High School

Barron G. Collier High School is a four-year (grades 9-12) high school located at 5600 Cougar Drive in unincorporated Collier County, Florida, United States, northeast of the city of Naples.
Collier was included in Newsweek's 2006 list of top U.S. high schools by Jay Mathews's Challenge Index.
History.
The school opened its doors to the first wave of students in 1978 as the third high school in the area, with the first senior class graduating in Spring 1979. It has enjoyed a rich history in the last 35 years, becoming a second home to many. Contrary to popular belief the school was never in fact a prison, but was and continues to be a school.
Principals
Athletics.
Barron Collier High School is one of the seven members of the Collier County Athletic Conference. The school's official list of sports is separated by season. In 2006 and 2008, the Barron Collier Cougars Varsity Girls Basketball won the Class 5A state championship. The main athletic crosstown rivals are Naples High School, Lely High School, and Gulf Coast High School.
Clubs.
Barron G. Collier High School is home to many different extracurricular clubs. An accurate, up-to-date list is difficult to keep, as clubs are added and dropped as students graduate or lose interest. However, some of the notable clubs are:

</doc>
<doc id="5929113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929113" title="Mark Sheppard">
Mark Sheppard

Mark Andreas Sheppard (born 30 May 1964) is an English actor and musician, born in London of an Irish-German background. He is often credited as "Mark A. Sheppard". Sheppard is best known for his recurring roles as the demon Crowley on "Supernatural", lawyer Romo Lampkin on the "Battlestar Galactica" reboot, Interpol investigator James Sterling on "Leverage" and small-time crime lord Badger on Joss Whedon's "Firefly".
Personal life.
Mark Sheppard is the son of actor W. Morgan Sheppard. 
He has been married to Jessica since March 6, 2004. They have two children named Max Sheppard (1995) and Will Sheppard.
Career.
Music.
At 15, he became a professional musician and enjoyed many years as a recording and touring artist with bands including Robyn Hitchcock, the Television Personalities and the Irish group Light a Big Fire. Mark played drums on Light a Big Fire's second album. As a session musician, he recorded albums for many groups throughout Europe, and eventually moved to the United States.
Stage.
Sheppard was invited to audition for the American production of the play "Cock and Bull Story" (directed by "Midnight Express" author Billy Hayes), for which he won numerous awards, including the 1992 L.A. Drama Critics' Circle award and the LA Weekly and Dramalogue awards.
Television.
His television work includes the "Fire" episode of "The X-Files", a year on the Jerry Bruckheimer action series "Soldier of Fortune", guest-starring and recurring roles on "The Practice", "The Invisible Man", "Special Unit 2", "JAG", ', "The Chronicle", "Monk", "Las Vegas", ', "Chuck" and "", among others. Mark played a demon named Arnon on an episode titled
"Witches in Tights" on the TV series "Charmed". He played Badger, a semi-comical cockney-style crime boss in the short-lived Joss Whedon show "Firefly" and later cast again in another Joss Whedon show, "Dollhouse" as Paul Ballard's dismissive FBI superior. He has appeared as a villain in season five of the Fox show "24" and as Patricia Arquette's serial-killer nemesis on "Medium". He appeared as Romo Lampkin in seasons three and four of "Battlestar Galactica", and had a recurring role as Manservant Neville in ABC Family's short-lived cult hit "The Middleman". He has been seen as Anthony Anthros on "Bionic Woman", as Sterling the nemesis character on "Leverage", as the King of Hell Crowley on "Supernatural", and as bank robber Tom Prescott on an episode of "Burn Notice". He appeared in the pilot episode of the USA series "White Collar" as a villainous master forger and in NBC's "Chuck" as the Director of the Ring criminal organisation. Most recently, he appeared in the SyFy series "Warehouse 13" as Regent Benedict Valda. He appears in the 2011 "Doctor Who" episodes "The Impossible Astronaut" and "Day of the Moon" playing the character Canton Everett Delaware III. This was the first time Sheppard had appeared in a British TV series.
In October 2013, Sheppard returned to "White Collar", reprising his 2009 role as master forger Curtis Hagan.
Film.
His film credits include the Jim Sheridan film "In the Name of the Father", starring opposite Daniel Day-Lewis and Emma Thompson as Guildford Four member Patrick Armstrong; the romantic comedy "Lover's Knot"; the Russian historical drama "Out of the Cold"; the thriller "Unstoppable"; and with Heather Graham and Jeremy Sisto in the dark independent, "Broken". He also starred in "Megalodon" and "New Alcatraz".
Mark Sheppard directed his father W. Morgan Sheppard in the film "Room 101" and co-stars with him in the psychological thriller "Nether World", which the younger Sheppard also co-produced. His father also played the older version of his son's character in the afforementioned "Doctor Who" episodes.
Video games.
He voiced the role of protagonist Michael Ford in "The Conduit", whose mentor, John Adams, is voiced by his father W. Morgan Sheppard.
Double casting.
Three times Sheppard has been cast with his father as the same character, each playing the character at different ages. "Canton Everett Delaware III" in the "Doctor Who" episode "The Impossible Astronaut", War criminal Mercin Jarek a.k.a. "Mr. Pain" in the "NCIS" episode "Broken Bird" playing the younger version of his father's character, and "Captain Nemo" in the 2010 film "Mysterious Island", which Mark Sheppard also directed.
Voice.
Since 2011 Mark Sheppard has been "The Voice" of "BBC America" promos/announcements.

</doc>
<doc id="5929117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929117" title="Ruth Negga">
Ruth Negga

Ruth Negga (born 1982) is an Ethiopian-born Irish actress raised in Dublin who has starred in Irish films such as "Capital Letters" (2004) (also released as "Trafficked" in some countries), "Isolation" (2005) and "Breakfast on Pluto" (2005). She has also appeared in the BBC mini-series "Criminal Justice", RTÉ's "Love/Hate" and E4's "Misfits".
Early life and education.
Negga was born in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia in 1982, where she lived until she was four, to an Irish mother and an Ethiopian father. She is an only child. She has a large family on her mother's side. Her father died in a car accident when she was seven. Since 2006 she has lived in London.
Negga trained at the Samuel Beckett Centre at Trinity College, Dublin, graduating with a BA in Acting Studies.
Career.
Negga made her screen debut in the Irish film "Capital Letters" (2004), playing the lead role of Taiwo. She went on to play the lead role of Mary in "Isolation" (2005). Prior to this she had been working mostly in theatre.
After seeing Negga act, director Neil Jordan changed the script to "Breakfast on Pluto" so that she could appear in the movie. She has also starred in "Colour Me Kubrick" (2005), with John Malkovich, and the short films "The Four Horsemen", "3-Minute 4-Play" and "Stars".
On television Negga has appeared in "Doctors", "Criminal Justice" and the Irish series "Love Is The Drug". She also played the lead role of Doris 'Sid' Siddiqi in the BBC Three series "Personal Affairs", alongside Laura Aikman, Annabel Scholey and Maimie McCoy. Negga also appeared as Dame Shirley Bassey in the BBC production "Shirley" in 2011, and won the IFTA Award for Best Actress (Television) for her performance.
Negga's theatre work includes roles in "Duck", "Titus Andronicus" and "Lay Me Down Softly". As of 2007 she began working with the Irish theatrical group Pan Pan Theatre. In 2010, she played Ophelia in the National Theatre's production of "Hamlet".
In 2013, it was announced that Negga had been booked for a recurring role as Raina on the American TV series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.". In 2013, she appeared in Steve McQueen's Oscar-winning "12 Years a Slave".
Awards.
Negga was nominated as 2003's Most Promising Newcomer at the Olivier Awards. She was chosen as Ireland's Shooting Star for the 2006 Berlin Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5929142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929142" title="William Dod">
William Dod

William Dod (18 July 1867 – 8 October 1954) was a British archer. He won the gold medal in the men's double York round at the 1908 Summer Olympics on his 41st birthday.
William Dod was born in Bebington, Cheshire, a descendant of Sir Anthony Dod of Edge, who commanded the English archers at the Battle of Agincourt. 
Dod was educated at home by private tutors and his family fortune, gathered from the cotton trade, meant that he never had to work for a living. He indulged his passion for the sporting life as both a scratch golfer and a big game hunter. He took up archery at the home of the Legh family, who had an estate close to the Dods in Cheshire and were one of the greatest names in the sport.
Neither Dod nor his sister Lottie took part in competitive archery until they moved from Cheshire south to Berkshire in 1906, where they joined the newly formed Welford Park archery club. Within two and a half years Dod had become Olympic Champion. William Dod mastered the torrential rain on the first day of the Olympic competition to hold a 10-point advantage. When the rain gave way to swirling wind conditions on the second day, Dod forged ahead and comfortably took gold with a margin of 47 points over Reginald Brooks-King.
He went to win the Grand National Archery title, effectively the British national title, in 1909 and 1911.
Dod retired from competition after the 1911 championship and rekindled his love of golf. In 1912 he reached the 4th round of the British Amateur Championship.
After the outbreak of World War I Dod enlisted in the Royal Fusiliers and served as a private in the trenches for a brief time before successfully applying for a transfer to the Royal Navy. He spent a year as an administrative officer in France with the Royal Navy Air Service before being invalided back home to England.
William and Lottie Dod settled at Westward Ho! in Devon after World War II and settled to a life of golf in retirement. In his eighties he moved back to London and died in Earl's Court in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="5929146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929146" title="PikeOS">
PikeOS

PikeOS is a microkernel-based real-time operating system made by SYSGO AG. It is targeted at safety and security critical embedded systems. It provides a partitioned environment for multiple operating systems with different design goals, safety requirements, or security requirements to coexist in a single machine.
If several programs having different criticality levels are to coexist in one machine, the underlying OS must ensure that they remain independent. Resource partitioning is a widely accepted technique to achieve this. PikeOS combines resource partitioning and virtualisation: Its virtual machine environments (VMs) are able to host entire operating systems, along with their applications. Since PikeOS uses paravirtualisation, operating systems need to be adapted in order to run in one of its VMs. Application programs, however, can run unmodified.
Since each VM has its own, separate set of resources, programs hosted by one VM are independent of those hosted by another. This allows for legacy (e.g. Linux) programs to coexist with safety-critical programs in one machine. Unlike other popular virtualisation systems, PikeOS features not only separation of spatial resources, but also strictly separates temporal resources of its client OSes. This allows for hard real-time systems to be virtualised, while still retaining their timing properties. The PikeOS scheduling method is patented. 
Spatial and temporal resources are assigned statically to the individual VMs by the PikeOS System Software. Together with the PikeOS microkernel, this system software forms a minimal layer of globally trusted code.
Due to the small amount of trusted code and the modular design PikeOS is suited for safety-critical projects requiring certification according to industrial standards. Known examples are the development of the Airbus A350 Integrated Modular Avionics devices and the Airbus A400M loadmaster workstation.
Certification standards.
PikeOS is certified according to the following standards:
PikeOS is the only operating system that achieved a SIL4 certification for SMP usage on multi-core platforms.
Certifications in progress:
Programming interfaces and environments.
Currently the following application programming interfaces, run-time environments and guest operating systems are available:
Supported hardware.
PikeOS supports processors with PowerPC, x86, ARM, MIPS, SPARC and SuperH architectures. The strict separation of system resources requires that the processor has a memory management unit or a memory protection unit.
Since version 3.1 PikeOS supports multi-core systems.

</doc>
<doc id="5929159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929159" title="Rasm">
Rasm

Rasm () means drawing, outline, or pattern in Arabic. When speaking of the Quran, it stands for the basic text made of the 18 letters without diacritics/"i'jam." 
The "rasm" is the oldest part of the Arabic script; it has eighteen elements: 
Note that there is no hamza in rasm writing, including hamza-on-the-line (i.e., hamza between letters).
Compare the beginning of the "" with all diacritics and with the "rasm" only.
The first sentence only appears as it should if one of the fonts "Scheherazade" or "Lateef" was installed. The last two sentences appear with them and can also appear properly if "DejaVu Sans" was installed.
or with spaces:
Historical example.
The Kufic Samarkand Qur'an that was from 1869 to 1917 in St. Petersburg shows almost only the "rasm".

</doc>
<doc id="5929165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929165" title="Bukuru">
Bukuru

Bukuru is located on the Jos Plateau in Nigeria. It used to be considered a separate city from the city of Jos close by, but like every other form of urbanization, the city of Jos has merged with the town of Bukuru to form the Jos-Bukuru metropolis. It is the headquarters of the Jos South Local Government Area.
Overview.
It lies along a branch railway, and it is a still major tin and columbite mining centre. It is situated on one of the highest parts of the plateau, more than 4,000 feet (1,200 metres) above sea level. In recent times Bukuru has witnessed massive urbanization growth with the influx of banks, hotels and recreation centers.It boasts of the only independent power company in plateau state known as NESCO(Nigerian electricity supply company). It is also home to one of the most successful industries in Nigeria which is the Grand cereals and oil mills, a subsidiary of the United African Company(UAC).
Transport.
The Bauchi Light Railway, which was closed in 1957, had been built in 1914 to carry tin from Bukuru to Zaria (120 miles northwest) and connected with the line to Lagos. The present railway branch linking Port Harcourt (370 miles [595 km south-southwest) to the Jos and Bukuru mines was completed in 1927. Minerals are now sent to Jos for smelting and then to Port Harcourt for export. Bukuru is also associated with the opencast mine workings are exploitable deposits of kaolin.
Religion.
The Theological College of Northern Nigeria (TCNN) is in Bukuru where the headquarters of Africa Christian Textbooks (ACTS) is located.

</doc>
<doc id="5929171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929171" title="Singapore in the Straits Settlements">
Singapore in the Straits Settlements

Singapore in the Straits Settlements refers to a period in the history of Singapore from 1826 to 1942, during which Singapore was part of the Straits Settlements together with Penang and Malacca. From 1830 to 1867 the Straits Settlements was a residency, or subdivision, of the Presidency of Bengal, in British India. In 1867, the Straits Settlements became a separate Crown colony, directly overseen by the Colonial Office in London. The period saw Singapore establish itself as an important trading port and developed into a major city with rapid increase in population.
British rule was suspended in February 1942, when the Imperial Japanese Army invaded Singapore during World War II.
Beginning of British rule in Singapore.
In 1819 British official Stamford Raffles landed in Singapore to establish a trading port. The island's status as a British outpost was initially in doubt as the Dutch government soon issued bitter protests to the British government, arguing that their sphere of influence had been violated. The British government and the East India Company were initially worried about the potential liability of this new outpost, but that was soon overshadowed by Singapore's rapid growth as an important trading post. By 1822, it was made clear to the Dutch that the British had no intention of giving up the island.
The status of Singapore as a British possession was cemented by the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1824, which carved up the Malay archipelago between the two colonial powers. The area north of the Straits of Malacca, including Penang, Malacca, and Singapore, was designated as the British sphere of influence, while the area south of the Straits was assigned to the Dutch. This division had far-reaching consequences for the region: modern-day Malaysia and Singapore correspond to the British area established in the treaty, and modern-day Indonesia to the Dutch. In 1826, Singapore was grouped together with Penang and Malacca into a single administrative unit, the Straits Settlements, under the British East India Company.
Residency of Bengal Presidency (1830–1867).
In 1830, the Straits Settlements became a residency, or subdivision, of the Presidency of Bengal, in British India.
Trade and economy.
During the subsequent decades, Singapore grew to become one of the most important ports in the world. Several events during this period contributed to its success. British intervention in the Malay peninsula from the 1820s onwards culminated, during the 1870s, in the formation of British Malaya. During this period, Malaya became an increasingly important producer of rubber and tin, much of which was shipped out through Singapore. Singapore also served as the administrative center for Malaya until the 1880s, when the capital was shifted to Kuala Lumpur.
In 1834, the British government ended the East India Company's monopoly on the China trade, allowing other British companies to enter the market and leading to a surge in shipping traffic.
The trade with China was opened with the signing of the Unequal Treaties, beginning in 1842. The advent of ocean-going steamships, which were faster and had a larger capacity than sailing ships, reduced transportation costs and led to a boom in trade. Singapore also benefited by acting as a coaling station for the Royal Navy and merchant ships. The opening of the Suez Canal in 1869 dramatically reduced the travel time from Europe to East Asia, again providing a boost for trade.
By 1880, over 1.5 million tons of goods were passing through Singapore each year, with around 80% of it transported by steamships. The main commercial activity was entrepôt trade which flourished under no taxation and little restriction. Many merchant houses were set up in Singapore mainly by European trading firms, but also by Jewish, Chinese, Arab, Armenian, American and Indian merchants. There were also many Chinese middlemen who handled most of the trade between the European and Asian merchants.
Civil service.
Despite Singapore's growing importance, the administration set up to govern the island was generally understaffed, poorly funded, weak, and ineffectual. Administrators were usually posted from India with little or no knowledge of the region, and were unfamiliar with local languages and customs of the people. As long as British trade was not affected, the administration was unconcerned with the welfare of the populace. While the population had quadrupled during 1830 to 1867, the size of the civil service in Singapore had remained unchanged. In 1850 there were only twelve police officers to keep order in a city of nearly 60,000. Most people had no access to public health services and disease such as cholera and smallpox caused severe health problem, especially in overcrowded working-class areas. Malnutrition and opium smoking were major social woes during this period.
Society.
As early as 1827, the Chinese had become the largest ethnic group in Singapore. During the earliest years of the settlement, most of the Chinese in Singapore had been Peranakans, the descendants of Chinese who had settled in the archipelago centuries ago, who were usually well-to-do merchants. As the port developed, much larger numbers of Chinese coolies flocked to Singapore looking for work. These migrant workers were generally male, poor and uneducated, and had left China (mostly from southern China) to escape the political and economic disasters in their country. They aspired to make their fortune in Southeast Asia and return home to China, but most were doomed to a life of low-paying unskilled labour. Until the 20th century, few Chinese ended up settling permanently, primarily because wives were in short supply. The sex ratio in Singapore's Chinese community was around hundred to one, mainly due to restrictions that the Chinese government imposed, up till the 1860s, on the migration of women.
Malays in Singapore were the second largest ethnic group in Singapore until the 1860s. Although many of the Malays continued to live in kampungs, or the traditional Malay villages, most worked as wage earners and craftsmen. This was in contrast to most Malays in Malaya, who remained farmers. By 1860, Indians became the second largest ethnic group. They consisted of unskilled labourers like the Chinese coolies, traders, soldiers garrisoned at Singapore by the government in Calcutta, as well as a number of Indian convicts who were sent to Singapore to carry out public works projects, such as clearing jungles and swampy marshes and laying out roads. They also helped constructing buildings including the St. Andrew's Cathedral and many Hindu temples. After serving their sentences, many convicts chose to stay in Singapore.
As a result of the administration's hands-off attitude and the predominantly male, transient, and uneducated nature of the population, the society of Singapore was rather lawless and chaotic. Prostitution, gambling, and drug abuse (particularly of opium) were widespread. Chinese criminal secret societies (analogous to modern-day triads) were extremely powerful; some had tens of thousands of members, and turf wars between rival societies occasionally led to death tolls numbering in the hundreds. Attempts to suppress these secret societies had limited success, and they continued to be a problem well into the 20th century.
The colonial division of the architecture of Singapore developed in this period, recognisable elements which remain today in the form of shophouses, such as those found in Little India or Chinatown.
Crown colony (1867–1942).
As Singapore continued to grow, the deficiencies in the Straits Settlements administration became increasingly apparent. Apart from the indifference of British India's administrators to local conditions, there was immense bureaucracy and red tape which made it difficult to pass new laws. Singapore's merchant community began agitating against British Indian rule, in favour of establishing Singapore as a separate colony of Britain. The British government finally agreed to make the Straits Settlements a Crown colony on 1 April 1867, receiving orders directly from the Colonial Office rather than from India.
As a Crown Colony, the Straits Settlements was ruled by a governor, based in Singapore, with the assistance of executive and legislative councils. Although the councils were not elected, more representatives for the local population were gradually included over the years.
Chinese Protectorate.
The colonial government embarked on several measures to address the serious social problems facing Singapore. For example, a Chinese Protectorate under Pickering was established in 1877 to address the needs of the Chinese community, including controlling the worst abuses of the coolie trade and protecting Chinese women from forced prostitution. In 1889 Governor Sir Cecil Clementi Smith banned secret societies, driving them underground. Nevertheless, many social problems persisted up through the post-war era, including an acute housing shortage and generally poor health and living standards.
Tongmenghui (同盟會).
In 1906, the Tongmenghui, a revolutionary Chinese organization dedicated to the overthrow of the Qing Dynasty led by Sun Yat-Sen, founded its Nanyang branch in Singapore, which was to serve as the organization's headquarters in Southeast Asia. The Tongmenghui would eventually be part of several groups that took part in the Xinhai Revolution and established the Republic of China. Overseas Chinese like the immigrant Chinese population in Singapore donated generously to groups like the Tongmenghui, which would eventually evolve into the Kuomintang. Today, this founding is commemorated in the Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall - previously known as Sun Yat Sen Villa or Wang Qing Yuan (meaning "House of the Heavens above" in Chinese) - in Singapore where the branch operated from. According to George Yeo, the Foreign Minister of Singapore, in those days the Kuomintang party flag, which later became the flag of the Republic of China (青天白日滿地紅), was sewn in the Sun Yat Sen Villa by Teo Eng Hock and his wife.
Singapore Mutiny 1915.
Singapore was not much affected by World War I (1914–18), as the conflict did not spread to Southeast Asia. The only significant event during the war was a 1915 mutiny by the British Muslim Indian sepoys garrisoned in Singapore. After hearing rumours that they were to be sent off to fight the Ottoman Empire, which was a Muslim state, the soldiers revolted. They killed their officers and several British civilians before being suppressed by troops arriving from Johor and Burma.
Singapore in the 1920s and 1930s.
This is how Lee Kuan Yew, its Prime Minister for 32 years, described Singapore:
Naval base.
After the war, the British government devoted significant resources into building a naval base in Singapore, as a deterrent to the increasingly ambitious Japanese Empire. Originally announced in 1923, the construction of the base proceeded slowly until the Japanese invasion of Manchuria in 1931. When completed in 1939, at the very large cost of $500 million, it boasted what was then the largest dry dock in the world, the third-largest floating dock, and having enough fuel tanks to support the entire British navy for six months. It was defended by heavy 15-inch naval guns stationed at Fort Siloso, Fort Canning and Labrador, as well as a Royal Air Force airfield at Tengah Air Base. Winston Churchill touted it as the "Gibraltar of the East."
Unfortunately, it was a base without a fleet. The British Home Fleet was stationed in Europe, and the British could not afford to build a second fleet to protect its interests in Asia. The plan was for the Home Fleet to sail quickly to Singapore in the event of an emergency. However, after World War II broke out in 1939, the fleet was fully occupied with defending Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="5929180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929180" title="KTKX">
KTKX

KTKX (X 106.7) is a classic rock radio station serving the San Antonio area. The Cox Communications outlet operates at 106.7 MHz with an ERP of 100 kW and its city of licence is Terrell Hills, Texas. Its studios are located in Northwest San Antonio near the South Texas Medical Center complex, and the transmitter site is in south Bexar County.
History.
December 31, 1967
KBUC 1310 AM gets a FM counterpart on 106.3 licensed to Terrell Hills, an enclave city inside of San Antonio, Texas airing a Country/Western Format. KBUC would stay on 106.3 until July 18, 1979 which would become KTUF at 106.3. KBUC moved up the dial to 107.5 until the station changed owners and became KZVE 107.5 which would air a Contemporary Spanish format. KBUC would later resurface on 98.3 replacing KBOP and simulcast on 103.7, and later shift further down the dial to 95.7 until 01/07/2005 as Border Media Partners acquired 95.7 moving its regional Mexican La Ley Format and KLEY call letters which previously aired on 94.1 now KTFM.
During the KTUF days, it was San Antonio's first commercial FM radio station with a Jazz format. The format would change to Album rock KESI and to an Adult Contemporary format known as "Star 106".
Frequency shift from 106.3 "Star 106" to 106.7 KESI "Star 107"
1986
'"Listeners make the switch, and change their presets for a clearer signal.
AC KESI "Star 106" switched frequencies from 106.3 to 106.7.
1987
The Star falls on K-MIX your at work favorites remain the same.
KESI evolved into KMMX ("KMix 106.7") but kept its AC format intact until 1992.
1992
She's Gone Country, Look at Her Now.
November 1992 KMMX would flip to a simulcast of country formatted KKYX leaving San Antonio with 2 Adult Contemporary formatted stations KSRR 92.9, and KQXT 101.9
1993
Stock Show and Rodeo Time in San Antonio, with a Modern twist on San Antonio's Radio Landscape.
Just in time for 1993 Stock show and Rodeo a birth of a new Contemporary Country station was born, coined the Armadillo and new call letters were applied to match the stations moniker as KDIL ("106.7 The Armadillo").
1995
Sade plays here, along with Kenny G. San Antonio gets a smoother, KTUF.
KDIL would switch formats in order to protect its sister station KCYY Y-100 which was in a heated race with rival KAJA it would switched formats to smooth jazz and once again garner new call letters as KCJZ ("Smooth Jazz 106.7").
1999
We be Jammin starting this Fourth of July.
07/04/1999 After four years as smooth jazz, that too would go away by 1999 when it jumped on the rhythmic oldies bandwagon and became "106.7 JAMZ" (even though they retained the KCJZ calls).
2001
A Top 40 with a Dance lean to it, 106.7 gets a noontime workout.
Due to the national trend of the demise of Jammin Oldies who's popularity has been tapering off since April 2000, in August 2001 they would evolve into a Rhythmic/Dance Top 40, with the KCJZ calls and the "106.7 JAMZ" slogan left intact. During this tenure they would enjoy a loyal following and while the ratings weren't spectacular (plus they were in a four-way Top 40 war at the time), it did very well.
Hot Herrietta formally of KTFM joins KCJZ and gets the Noontime workout which previously aired on KTFM.
2003
All the hits not just some of them.
However that would all come to an end on October 31, 2003 at 10:00am, when KCJZ would switch directions to Mainstream Top 40 and changed its call letters to KELZ. The last song on 106.7 Jamz was Thriller by Michael Jackson, this was followed by a commercial break and then the new format was officially as "Z-106.7". The first song played was "Where is the Love" by the Black Eyed Peas.
This gave the San Antonio market two mainstream Top 40 stations, the other being KXXM. At first, their playlist was broad-based by playing "All The Hits" in an effort to cut into KXXM, whose direction at times tends to border toward Modern rock.
2006
'"San Antonio gets Power once again but to a different Beat.
On October 6, 2006 they began to set their sights on the current market leader KBBT by evolving towards a Rhythmic direction and adopting the "Power 106.7" handle, along with a call letter change to KPWT to match the handle. The move gave San Antonio its first Rhythmic battle since 2003. KPWT is also the second station in San Antonio to adopt the "Power" moniker; the last station to use the moniker was KITY from 1987 to 1990.
2009
Christmas in May? What is all that talk about in June?
On May 28, 2009 at noon, KPWT began stunting with Christmas music as a format switch. But it was announced at 5 pm on June 1 that the station would turn into "FM Talk 106.7". The lineup included Mancow Muller, Neal Boortz, Laura Ingraham, Michael Savage, Clark Howard, and others. The move behind this was said to be the release of the Portable People Meter (PPM) in San Antonio to come soon.
2010
April Fools' Day, the jokes on Talk Radio.
On April 1, 2010 at 12 p.m. CST the station began stunting by playing a clock sound with a voice over telling listeners to tune in Monday (April 5) at 5pm to find out the station's new format, which was later revealed to be classic-based Adult Album Alternative as "X106.7, Classic Rock," an automated station like local "102.7 Jack FM" but focused on Adult-leaning Alternative/classic rock hits like KZEP, whose classic rock format tends to focus on harder hits from the rock era. Most of KPWT's talk lineup moved to KRPT, a Clear Channel Communications station that picked up the programs on April 15, 2010. On April 20, 2010 KPWT changed their call letters to KTKX to go with the "X106.7" branding.
This is not the first time AAA format was tried in San Antonio. The previous AAA formatted station was KMFR "103.7 Mighty Fine Rock" from 2001-2004 (now KAHL, Adult Standards).
On November 15, 2010 KTKX turned to a straight-ahead classic rock format to compete effectively with crosstown KZEP. The station is now positioned as "San Antonio's Most Commercial Free Classic Rock"

</doc>
<doc id="5929184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929184" title="Ivan Rebrov">
Ivan Rebrov

Ivan Pavlovich Rebrov (1890 — 1938) was a politician of the Kyrgyz SSR who chaired that republic's Council of People's Commissars in an acting capacity from April 27 to July 19, 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="5929192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929192" title="Roti john">
Roti john

Roti John, essentially an omelette sandwich, is a popular Malay breakfast and snack item in Malaysia, Brunei and Singapore.
Ingredients.
The ingredients include minced meat (chicken or mutton), onion, egg, sardines, tomato-chilli sauce and a baguette-type loaf.
Preparation and Presentation.
The minced meat, sardines, egg and chopped onions are fried on a frying pan and then placed into the cavity of a baguette halved lengthwise. The whole baguette is then briefly pan-fried on the frying pan and then served after being cut into several portions. A variant is to place the minced meat, onions and sauce inside the baguette, then baguette dipped into beaten egg, and the whole then panfried on the frying pan.
Origins.
'Roti' is the Hindi, Urdu and Malay word for bread, and more generally for any bread-based or bread-like food, including sandwiches and pancakes. The origin of the 'John' in the name is allegedly due to the Western origin of the Baguette and the tomato sauce used in the dish.

</doc>
<doc id="5929202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929202" title="256th Infantry Brigade Combat Team (United States)">
256th Infantry Brigade Combat Team (United States)

The 256th Infantry Brigade Combat Team ("Louisiana Brigade") is a modular infantry brigade combat team (IBCT) of the Louisiana Army National Guard. It is headquartered in Lafayette, Louisiana. Currently the brigade is part of the 36th Infantry Division (United States) of the Texas Army National Guard.
History.
Three elements of the 256th Infantry Brigade: the 156th Infantry Regiment; the 108th Cavalry Regiment; and the 1st Battalion, 141st Field Artillery Regiment, the "Washington Artillery" of New Orleans, trace their history back to the American Civil War where they fought mainly in the eastern theater under Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia. In September 1838, the Washington Artillery of New Orleans was founded. Its emblem was an irate tiger over crossed cannons, with the motto "Try Us" created by James B. Walton in 1846. During the Civil War, most units were referred to as "Lee's Tigers" or Louisiana Tigers and became the mascot for the Louisiana State University, also known as the "Old War Skule".
Iraq War, 2004–05.
During train up for operations in the spring, summer and fall of 2004, the 256th Infantry Brigade was stationed at Fort Hood, Texas. The Brigade then completed a NTC rotation at Fort Irwin, California. The brigade spent another month training in the desert of Camp Buehring, Kuwait prior to moving into Iraq.
In 2004–2005 the 256th Brigade was sent to Iraq as part of OIF III (Operation Iraqi Freedom III, the third U.S. military rotation of forces into the area of operations). It served under the 1st Cavalry Division for its first five months and its last several months under the 3rd Infantry Division. During the first half of its combat tour in Iraq some of the brigade's subordinate units also served under the 10th Mountain Division. The brigade served in and around Baghdad, Iraq in a FOB known originally as FOB Victory until 15 June 2004. At this date FOB Victory's name was changed to FOB Liberty because on this date the Iraqi government officially "stood up". Upon the 256th's arrival at North Liberty it became Camp Tigerland. During operations in theater the brigade operated under the configuration of one-third heavy and two-thirds light.
Each battalion in the brigade had one company of heavy forces with M1A1 Abrams main battle tanks, M2A2 Bradleyinfantry fighting vehicles, or a mixture of the two. The other two thirds operated primarily from HMMWV Gun Trucks that mounted either machine guns or automatic grenade launchers. The field artillery battalion was cannibalized to bring the infantry battalions up to full strength. The remainder of the Washington Artillery was attached to the 1st Cavalry Division base defense operations center (BDOC) under the command of the 103rd Field Artillery Brigade and the XVIII Airborne Corps. One howitzer platoon from the Washington Artillery was used to provide indirect fires in support of FOB Liberty. Additionally, Task Force Bengal was "stood up" as a liaison/training team to equip, train and assist the 40th Iraqi National Guard (ING) Brigade. TF Bengal consisted of soldiers and officers of the infantry, field artillery, and engineer units from the 256th Brigade as well as the 1st Battalion, 69th Infantry (The Fighting 69th) from New York City which had been attached for the deployment. Attached to the 69th Infantry was Delta 101, a company of tankers and scouts turned infantrymen from New York's 101st Cavalry Regiment. During the American Civil War, the 69th engaged the ancestral units of the 256th many times, so their attachment to each other for OIF provided a symbolic reconciliation 140 years after they fought each other to the death repeatedly from 1861 to 1865. On 21 February 2005, the 40th ING Brigade assumed authority for approximately 16 square kilometers in and around Al Akadhimian and began patrolling with approximately 2800 soldiers.
The 256th lost 32 soldiers in the Iraq War.
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, 2005.
On August 29, 2005, Hurricane Katrina struck the gulf coast of Louisiana and Mississippi while most members of the 256th Infantry Brigade were still serving their final weeks of deployment in Iraq. Following the return of the brigade to Louisiana, a detachment immediately mobilized to New Orleans to aid law enforcement with rescue efforts. With the help of the Louisiana State Police, those efforts transitioned into a support mission for the New Orleans Police Department. Joint Task Force Gator was created to help combat the rise of looting and other crimes resulting from the loss of law enforcement officers in the New Orleans area. After three-and-a-half years of assisting local police and patrolling the city, the task force was released from duty on February 28, 2009.
Deployment to Iraq, 2010.
On Monday 19 May 2008 Louisiana's 256th BCT was alerted by the Defense Department that they might begin a second tour in Iraq starting in spring 2010. Brigades from the Texas, Pennsylvania, and Tennessee National Guards were also notified in the same press release. The press release specifically stated tours of duty in Iraq and Kuwait, and not Afghanistan. The notice of this deployment came within three years of the unit's return from their first tour of Iraq in 2004–05.
In February and March 2009, the 256th prepared for deployment to Iraq.
On 5 January 2010, the 256th BCT left for mobilization at Camp Shelby, Mississippi where soldiers trained for a variety of missions, such as PSD, FOB security, gate guard, convoy security, and more. In early March, they flew out of Gulf Coast Airport in Mississippi.
The brigade was divided into many different sections, being controlled by sustainment brigades and commands. The brigade commander, Col. Ball, did not command the entire brigade as subordinate units fell under other brigades. While select units returned home in August, the majority of brigade unit deployed back to home station in Louisiana in December 2010.
Insignia.
The saltire, symbol used on military maps to represent a brigade, stands for the organization. In addition, the saltire, which appears on the coat of arms of Nova Scotia and on the Confederate flag, alludes to the brigade’s home area whose early inhabitants were from Nova Scotia, and to the Confederacy of which Louisiana was a part. The fleur-de-lis, referring to the location of the brigade’s headquarters at Lafayette, stands for the French background and traditions of that part of the State. The center frond is red in reference to Lafayette’s original name, Vermilionville, and to nearby Bayou Vermilion. The combination of blue, for Infantry and gray, for the Confederacy, with red and gold also alludes to the branch colors for Artillery and various other components of the brigade. The rectangle shield shape is the traditional shape for shoulder sleeve insignia of brigades.
Organization.
Until 2006, the 256th Brigade was a "heavy" brigade that consisted of 2 mechanized infantry battalions (2nd & 3rd Battalions, 156th Infantry Regiment) each equipped with 44 Bradley Fighting Vehicles, 1 armor battalion (1st Battalion, 156th Armored Regiment) equipped with 44 Abrams Main Battle Tanks, and a self-propelled artillery battalion (1st Battalion, 141st Artillery Regiment) that was equipped with (18) 155 mm howitzers. This was known as an HBCT (heavy brigade combat team). As of 1 September 2006, the 256th Brigade has transitioned to a light configuration of two infantry battalions, a battalion of towed artillery, and one cavalry squadron for reconnaissance. This new organization is known as an IBCT (infantry brigade combat team) which will have a little over 3 and a half thousand soldiers when at full strength. The HBCT and IBCT along with the SBCT (Stryker brigade combat team) are to be the three organizations that will make up the future army's ground force maneuver units that will project combat power on land.
The new organization will be six light infantry companies, two anti-tank companies armed with TOW missiles, two mounted recon troops, 1 dismounted recon troop, and two batteries of towed artillery with 105mm cannons with eight cannons each. The brigade will also have a support battalion and a special troops battalion for CS (combat support). These two battalions will possess support units such as signal, intelligence, military police, combat engineers, transportation, quartermaster (supply), maintenance, and medical.
2nd Squadron, 108th Cavalry
The 1st Battalion, 156th Armor, headquarters Shreveport, Louisiana in Caddo Parish, has been decommissioned and replaced by the brigade's newest battalion, the 2nd Squadron, 108th Cavalry as of September, 2006. The mission of the 2–108th CAV is to provide the 256th IBCT with reconnaissance and early warning during combat operations.
The new organization of the 256th IBCT will be easier to transport via fixed and rotary winged aircraft as there is no piece of equipment that approaches the 68-ton weight of an Abrams tank or the 26.5-ton weight of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle. This will also make the unit cheaper to equip and maintain as the Abrams at $6 million a piece is one of the most expensive land vehicles in the US Army.
Order of battle.
2nd Battalion, 156th Infantry.
The 2nd Battalion, 156th Infantry is headquartered in Abbeville, Louisiana in Vermilion Parish. It consists of the following:
3rd Battalion, 156th Infantry.
The 3rd Battalion, 156th Infantry is headquartered in Lake Charles, Louisiana. It consists of the following:
1st Battalion, 141st Field Artillery.
The 1st Battalion, 141st Field Artillery "Washington Artillery", provides fire support to the 256th IBCT and has its headquarters in New Orleans, Louisiana (Orleans Parish).
2nd Squadron, 108th Cavalry.
The 2nd Squadron, 108th Cavalry is headquartered in Shreveport, Louisiana. 2nd Squadron provides the 256th IBCT with both mounted and dismounted reconnaissance assets. It consists of the following:
Special Troops Battalion.
The headquarters of the Special Troops Battalion (STB), reflagged and reorganized from the 1088th Engineer Battalion (Combat), is located in Plaquemine, Louisiana in Iberville Parish. The STB provides the brigade with its combat engineer, military intelligence, signal support, and military police. The STB also provides command, control, and support to the Brigade Headquarters and Headquarters Company.
199th Brigade Support Battalion.
The 199th Brigade Support Battalion (BSB) provides the 256th IBCT with most of its logistical, maintenance, and transport support, is headquartered at Alexandria, Louisiana in Rapides Parish.

</doc>
<doc id="5929216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929216" title="Stonewall Jackson Lake">
Stonewall Jackson Lake

Stonewall Jackson Lake is an impoundment on the West Fork River in Lewis County, West Virginia. The lake is a flood control project of the Pittsburgh District of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. Stonewall Resort is located along the lake's shore. Facilities provided by the Corps of Engineers included a visitors center with public restrooms, a hiking trail, and fishing access.
Downstream towns and cities protected by the lake include Weston, Clarksburg, Shinnston, and Fairmont, all in West Virginia
The lake is a popular spot for largemouth bass fishing. A list of fishing species in the lake include:
Trout is stocked in the lake's tailwaters.

</doc>
<doc id="5929217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929217" title="Magnet Cove, Arkansas">
Magnet Cove, Arkansas

Magnet Cove is a town in Hot Spring County, Arkansas, United States. It is located in the Ouachita Mountains southeast of Hot Springs, north of U.S. Highway 270 and on Arkansas Highway 51. As of the 2010 census, the town of Magnet Cove had a population of 5. However, the incorporated boundaries represented in that figure are only a very small portion of the overall Magnet Cove community.
The Magnet Cove igneous complex lies to the west of the town. The area is known for its abundance of odd minerals, including magnetite usually in the form of lodestone, as well as many other species such as rutile, anatase, brookite, perovskite, and some rare-earth-bearing minerals.

</doc>
<doc id="5929221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929221" title="Orla Fitzgerald">
Orla Fitzgerald

Orla Fitzgerald (born 1978 in Cork, Ireland) is an Irish actress who lives and works in London.
She received two nominations for Best Supporting Actress and Best Breakthrough Artist at the fourth annual Irish Film and Television Awards for her work as Sinéad Ní Shúilleabháin in "The Wind That Shakes the Barley".
She was also nominated for Best Actress at the Stage Awards for the Edinburgh Theatre Festival 2006 for her leading role in "Pumpgirl" at the Traverse Theatre.
Training and early career.
Fitzgerald took drama classes in Crawford Art Gallery in Cork, placed there by her mother who thought she was perhaps too shy. “It was a 90-minute workshop on a Saturday morning, where we did improv and plays. It was all about fun and being creative and I loved it,” the actress has said.
In the late '90s, she was cast in Corcadorca Theatre Company’s production of "Disco Pigs." She built her career from there.

</doc>
<doc id="5929225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929225" title="Enzo Maccarinelli">
Enzo Maccarinelli

Enzo Maccarinelli (born 20 August 1980) is a Welsh professional boxer who has fought at Cruiserweight and Light Heavyweight. He is a former World Boxing Organization (WBO) cruiserweight title holder and also held the European title at that weight limit. He is the current Commonwealth Light Heavyweight Champion and is promoted by Frank Warren.
Early career.
On 12 May 2000, Maccarinelli suffered his first defeat at the hands of southpaw Lee Swaby. Swaby, from Lincoln, England, sent Maccarinelli down with a crushing right hand, knocking Maccarinelli down in the third round. Maccarinelli never took the rematch against Swaby.
On 28 June 2003, Maccarinelli, known as "the Big Mac" won the vacant WBU cruiserweight title when he defeated Bruce Scott by fourth-round TKO. He made seven successful defences of his WBU title before vacating.
On 8 July 2006, Maccarinelli fought against former World Boxing Council (WBC) cruiserweight champion Marcelo Fabian Domínguez for the WBO interim cruiserweight title. Maccarinelli won the title with a ninth-round TKO. The natural progression was a title fight against the then WBO title holder, Johnny Nelson. Due to several injuries to Nelson this matchup never transpired, and On 22 September 2006 he announced his retirement, automatically relinquishing the belt and allowing Maccarinelli to be promoted to full champion status.
On 14 October 2006 Maccarinelli made his first defence of the WBO title, stopping former opponent Mark Hobson in the first round in a fight that was widely expected to last the distance. This was followed by another first round win over Bobby Gunn on 7 April 2007 at the Millennium Stadium, Cardiff. The Gunn fight was stopped with just :25 seconds remaining in the first round by referee Mark Nelson, even though Gunn was not down and only had a small cut. It was widely and erroneously reported that Maccarinelli had broken Bobby Gunn's nose, but it was a small cut to the bridge of the nose that caused the bleeding. Gunn's nose was not broken and most observers at ringside thought the fight was stopped prematurely.
On 21 July 2007 Maccarinelli defended his WBO cruiserweight championship against former WBC champ Wayne Braithwaite and won by unanimous decision, after dominating the match. On 3 November 2007 Maccarinelli successfully defended his WBO cruiserweight title against Mohamed Azzaoui winning by TKO in the 4th Round.
In July 2012, Maccarinelli was banned for six months after testing positive for Methylhexaneamine.
'Bombs Away' and loss of title.
Maccarinelli's next fight was an all-British unification fight against the WBA/WBC champion David Haye. The fight took place on 8 March 2008 at the O2 Arena, London and was much hyped in the weeks running up to the event, being given the tagline "bombs away" (referring to the high KO percentages and punching power both men boasted). Maccarinelli lost the fight and his WBO belt when he was knocked out in the 2nd round. A right hand by Haye knocked Maccarinelli down towards the end of the round and although he was able to get back up it was on unsteady legs and the referee stepped in to stop the fight.
After the fight Haye announced that he would be moving up to the heavyweight division with immediate effect and would therefore be vacating his newly won belts. Because of this Maccarinelli received an immediate opportunity to reclaim his WBO belt in a matchup against undefeated American Jonathon Banks for the now vacant championship, but due to injury Banks was forced to pull out. After several replacements were unable to fight, Maccarinelli instead stepped up to heavyweight to face Matthew Ellis. Maccarinelli won after a 2nd round KO in what was his debut at the higher weight. After the fight Frank Warren announced that Maccarinelli would face Banks in a re-scheduled bout for the WBO belt during February 2009.
Once again the Banks fight proved to be a non starter (Banks opted to make an ultimately unsuccessful attempt to win the IBF cruiserweight title against Tomasz Adamek) and instead Maccarinelli's next fight was against the American based Londoner Ola Afolabi for the "interim" WBO title. The fight took place on March 14 at the M.E.N. Arena in Manchester, on the undercard of the Amir Khan vs Marco Antonio Barrera bout. Maccarinelli was favoured by most observers to win, however things did not go as expected as Maccarinelli struggled in the early rounds and was staggered in the 3rd round by a short chopping right hand from the slick Afolabi. Despite managing to recover and win the majority of the next few rounds he was knocked out by Afolabi in round 9 when a huge overhand right put him on the canvas and forced the referee to call off the fight.
Lebedev fight, "retirement" and return.
Maccarinelli's next fight was against the unbeaten Russian Denis Lebedev on 18 July 2009. As with the Afolabi contest the fight took place at the M.E.N. Arena on the undercard of an Amir Khan fight, this time Khan's WBA light-welterweight title challenge against Andreas Kotelnik. From the very beginning of the fight Maccarinelli struggled with the power of his opponent and by the end of the second round his right eye had swollen completely shut from the punches landed by Lebedev. In the third round Lebedev rocked Maccarinelli with an uppercut which landed cleanly through his guard and after a further barrage of unanswered punches the referee stepped in and called a stop to the fight.
Before the fight Maccarinelli had admitted that the contest represented "the last chance saloon" in terms of getting his career back on track, following 2 KO losses in his last 3 fights, and talking immediately after the defeat he hinted that this latest setback could signal the end of his boxing career. In an interview with his local paper a few days later Maccarinelli apparently confirmed his intention to retire from the sport, although he retracted this in a later interview with the same source.
Maccarinelli began his latest comeback attempt on another Amir Khan undercard, this time Khan's WBA Light-Welterweight title defence against on December 5 at the Metro Radio Arena in Newcastle. His opponent was the relatively unknown Hungarian journeyman Krisztian Jaksi. who provided little resistance and was knocked out in the 1st round. Maccarinelli managed a second consecutive 1st round KO victory against Hungarian opposition when he defeated Zoltan Czekus at the Echo Arena Liverpool on 13 March 2010.
EBU title shot.
Following his two quick comeback wins Maccarinelli's next fight took place on 27 April 2010 when he fought Russian prospect Alexander Kotlobay in St Petersburg for the vacant European cruiserweight title. Despite now being the fighter that had to travel and fight on someone else's patch, Maccarinelli scored his third consecutive quick victory when he knocked Kotlobay down with an overhand right before the referee stepped in to end the fight at 2:15 of the first round.
His first defence of his newly won title came as part of Frank Warren's "Magnificent Seven" fight card, which took place on 18 September 2010 at the LG Arena in Birmingham. His opponent for this defence was the undefeated Ukrainian prospect Alexander Frenkel. Despite a tentative opening round Maccarinelli improved and managed to rock his opponent in the fourth round with a right hand. A clash of heads in the sixth led to a cut developing over his right eye, however the fight still appeared to be going Maccarinelli's way until he was knocked down heavily towards the end of round seven by a left hook from Frenkel. Despite managing to rise by the count of nine he was extremely unsteady and appeared to be in no position to defend himself. However the referee allowed the bout to continue, only for it to be stopped a few seconds later when a three punch combination from Frenkel led to a second knockdown. The final blows were struck with such ferocity that Maccarinelli was knocked unconscious and required oxygen and medical attention before being able to leave the ring. At the time of the fight there was heavy criticism from both journalists and fellow boxers at the decision by the referee to allow the fight to continue after the first knockdown, when it was clear that Maccarinelli was in no position to defend himself.
As with the aftermath of the Afolabi and Lebedev defeats there were also been calls for Maccarinelli to retire from the ring, something which the boxer himself admitted to the press was a distinct possibility following his fourth KO loss in eight fights.
Move to Light Heavyweight.
After a period of inactivity following the Frenkel defeat, in February 2011 Maccarinelli announced that rather than retiring he would instead be dropping down in weight to compete in the 175 lb Light Heavyweight division, with a view to having his first fight at the weight limit later on in the year.
Several months later he made the further announcement that he would once again be working with former coach Enzo Calzaghe, who was part of Maccarinelli's team during his successful run at cruiserweight. At the same time he also expressed a desire to fight for a world title at the new weight limit in the future, and in particular put forward the idea of an all Welsh title fight between himself and current WBO belt holder Nathan Cleverly.
Exactly 14 months after his last in-ring appearance Maccarinelli's first fight at the new weight limit took place at the York Hall in Bethnal Green on November 18, 2011. As with 2 of his previous 4 fights at cruiserweight the opponent was a Hungarian fighter, this time the undefeated (and relatively unknown) Gyorgy Marosi. Maccarinelli emerged victorious, scoring a 1st round TKO victory after just 91 seconds against an overmatched Marosi.
Following the successful debut at 175 lbs Maccarinelli reiterated his desire to fight for a world title at 175 lbs and again made reference to an all Welsh bout with Cleverly, although ruled out the prospect of such a matchup occurring straight away.
Personal life.
Maccarinelli considers himself a Britalian, someone born in Britain and of Italian heritage.
Maccarinelli attended Bishop Vaughan Catholic School in Swansea. He studied there until sixth form but then carried on with his boxing career. He is married and a father.
He is a passionate Swansea City supporter, and has appeared at the Liberty Stadium with his championship belts.

</doc>
<doc id="5929233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929233" title="Avenida Revolución">
Avenida Revolución

Avenida Revolución is the tourist center in Tijuana, Baja California, México. It is a main thoroughfare of the historic downtown of Tijuana, officially called the "Zona Centro", which forms part of the "Delegación Centro" or Central Borough of Tijuana.
History.
It was the first paved road of the 20th century, an important center of economic development, and a tourist attraction notable for the visitors who crossed the border daily from San Diego, California. The city's most remarkable development was during the Prohibition period and after World War II, since it was considered a center of prohibited entertainment for inhabitants of the United States. During this time Caesar salad was invented at the restaurant of Hotel Caesar. Currently, the street is the center of tourist activity. The long avenue is home to several distinct attractions, from cantinas and table dance bars to numerous dance clubs and art galleries.
Location.
The "Revo" begins at the intersection with Avenida Internacional (which runs across the Mexico-United States border) and terminates in the Torre de Tijuana where the street intersects with Blvd. Fundadores and the name changes to Boulevard Agua Caliente, running east for many kilometers through a higher-end business district.
Popularity.
Avenida Revolución has experienced many changes, and is known as the business card of Tijuana, ""The most visited city in the world"". It was known for its famous cantinas including, ""La Ballena"", the largest bar in the world when it was open. The city was popular with American Navy sailors until the United States Navy prohibited sailors from visiting Tijuana. Adjacent to the Avenida Revolución is the Zona Norte, the town's red light district.
Other information.
During the day, the street used to be full of tourists shopping at the many shops and street vendors that used to line the street. There are a few restaurants and taco shops left that serve Mexican food. It is currently going through a major crisis with more than 80% of businesses closed. The place that invented the Caesar salad has been foreclosed on, etc. All this has happened due to the social, political and economic problems of the area. A popular tourist attraction is taking a picture with a Tijuana Zebra, which is really a donkey painted to look like a zebra, but only a few are left. At night, most of the shop keepers close as some night club and bars open. There are also many strip clubs on this street that attract visitors by $1 beer. Numerous pharmacies are frequented by Americans who cross the border in search of cheaper medicines. The Avenida was remodeled a few years back to accommodate more people walking around and less cars driving by. The hard rock band Chickenfoot, featuring Sammy Hagar, Joe Satriani, Michael Anthony (musician), and Chad Smith have also recorded a song called Avenida Revolución, which is about Latin American violence and border wars involving the drug trade.

</doc>
<doc id="5929235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929235" title="Linda Nochlin">
Linda Nochlin

Linda Nochlin ("née" Weinberg; born January 30, 1931) is an American art historian, university professor and writer. A prominent feminist art historian, she is best known as a proponent of the question "Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists?"
Early life.
Nochlin was born in New York. She received a B.A. in Philosophy from Vassar College, an M.A. in English from Columbia University, and a Ph.D in the history of art from the Institute of Fine Arts at New York University in 1963.
Career.
After working in the art history departments at Yale University, the Graduate Center of the City University of New York (with Rosalind Krauss), and Vassar College, Nochlin took a position at the Institute of Fine Arts, where she continues to teach. In 2000, "Self and History: A Tribute to Linda Nochlin" was published, an anthology of essays developing themes that Nochlin has worked on throughout her career.
Nochlin has also been involved in publishing other essays and books including "Women, Art, and Power: And Other Essays" (1988), "The Politics of Vision: Essays on Nineteenth-Century Art and Society" (1989), "Women in the 19th Century: Categories and Contradictions" (1997), and "Representing Women" (1999).
Her critical attention has been drawn to investigating the ways in which gender affects the creation and apprehension of art, as evidenced by her 1994 essay "Issues of Gender in Cassatt and Eakins". Besides feminist art history, she is best known for her work on Realism, specifically on Gustave Courbet.
Complementing her career as an academic, she serves on the Art Advisory Council of the International Foundation for Art Research. In 2006, Nochlin received a Visionary Woman Award] from Moore College of Art & Design.
Women in art.
Nochlin deconstructs art history by identifying and rejecting methodological presuppositions. Across an arc of decades, she has been an advocate for "art historians who investigate the work before their eyes while focusing on its subject matter, informed by a sensitivity to its feminist spirit."
In 1971, the magazine "ArtNews" published an essay whose title posed a question that would spearhead an entirely new branch of art history. The essay — "Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists?" — explored possible reasons why "greatness" in artistic accomplishment have been reserved for male geniuses such as Michelangelo. Nochlin argues that general social expectations against women seriously pursuing art, restrictions on educating women at art academies, and "the entire romantic, elitist, individual-glorifying, and monograph-producing substructure upon which the profession of art history is based " have systematically precluded the emergence of great women artists.
The thirty-year anniversary of Nochlin's ground-breaking inquiry informed a conference at Princeton University in 2001. The book associated with the conference, "Women artists at the Millennium", includes Nochlin's essay ""Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists?" Thirty Years After". In the conference and in the book, art historians addressed the innovative work of such figures as Louise Bourgeois, Eva Hesse, Francesca Woodman, Carrie Mae Weems and Mona Hatoum in the light of the legacies of thirty years of feminist art history, appeared in 2006.
Nochlin was the co-curator of a number of landmark exhibitions exploring the history and achievements of female artists. 
Selected works.
Nochlin's published writings encompass 156 works in 280 publications in 12 languages and 20,393 library holdings. 

</doc>
<doc id="5929243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929243" title="Berrenger's">
Berrenger's

"Berrenger's" is an American primetime television soap opera created by Diana Gould that aired on NBC in 1985. The series revolved around the Berrenger family, a New York dynasty which owned the glamorous department store which bore their name.
Following in the tradition of "Dynasty" and "Dallas", "Berrenger's" played up to the familiar motifs of 1980s soap operas - glamorous and beautiful characters, using money and power in games of love, business and betrayal.
The series was cancelled after 13 one-hour episodes had been produced. In North America, only 11 of the 13 episodes were screened. Because of studio television output deals it was screened in Europe and Australia, and has sustained a modest cult following.
Marketing.
Produced in the mid-1980s, "Berrenger's" bore all the hallmarks of the genre and the era - a lavish central set (in this case, the department store's main floor) and an expensive wardrobe budget, which dressed the cast, particularly the women, in current designer fashions.
The series was made by Warner Bros. subsidiary Lorimar, who were already producing "Dallas", "Knots Landing" and "Falcon Crest". The marketing material which accompanied the launch of the series sold it with the line ""... elegant clothes... beautiful people ... a powerful clan ..."".
Press advertisements said: ""Step through the etched-glass, art deco doors of this opulent retailer, where anything and everything can be bought or sold - for the right price - Berrenger's"."
Characters.
The principal focus of the series was the Berrenger family, headed by widowed patriarch (and somewhat devious) Simon Berrenger (Sam Wanamaker). Berrenger had three children - sons Billy (Robin Strand) and Paul (Ben Murphy) and daughter Barbara (Anita Morris).
Paul, Simon's eldest son and heir, was unhappily married to nasty New York socialite Gloria Brahms Berrenger (Andrea Marcovicci) but romantically involved with the department store's merchandising vice-president, Shane Bradley (Yvette Mimieux). Nasty Gloria had her equally nasty father in-law, Simon, on her side.
Billy, Simon's younger son, was more likable, in that he wasn't scheming, his character was slightly similar to Bobby Ewing.
Paul and Billy's sister Barbara was a reformed New York party girl, an older woman who had - in her father's eyes, at least - failed the family because of her extravagant lifestyle, and her affairs with younger men.
In one of the series few story arcs, Barbara - or Babs, as she was known - was trying to put her life on track and struggling to make it in the fashion business, without her father's money to bankroll her. (Though she was, at the time, involved with a younger man.)
Barbara was divorced, with one adult daughter Melody Hughes (Claudia Christian), who was married to the ambitious Todd Hughes (Art Hindle).
The other characters typically worked in or around the department store: junior salesgirl Stacey Russell (Jonelle Allen) who was promoted to a boutique manager in the first episode, model Laurel Hayes (Laura Ashton) who charms the widowed Simon Berrenger, con man John Higgins (Jeff Conaway) who has his eye on the needy, vulnerable Barbara, store clerk, Cammie Springer (Leslie Hope) and designer and entrepreneur Julio Morales (Eddie Velez) who partners with Barbara in a business venture.
One of the series key figures was the mysterious Danny Krucek (Jack Scalia), who was involved financially with Simon Berrenger, but romantically interested in Shane Bradley. The series production notes described him as a "Mafia-connected conglomerate chief ... who lives to destroy the Berrenger empire".
Though it was never clarified on air, it was implied that Krucek was the illegitimate son of Simon Berrenger, a story twist which would have made him a legitimate claimant to Paul Berrenger's position as the elder Berrenger's heir.
The location shots of Berrenger's was at the real-life department store, Barneys in New York.
Episodes.
A total of 11 episodes were screened between January 5, 1985 and March 9, 1985. The episode titles were "Overture, For Gloria's Benefit, Of Boardrooms & Bedrooms, Fame & Misfortune, Seduction, Dangerous Ground, Power Play, Best Laid Plans, Roll Tape, Hidden Agenda" and "Maelstrom".
Crew.
The serial was produced by Diana Gould ("Dynasty"), David Jacobs ("Knots Landing") and Stuart Sheslow. Its head writer was Lynn Marie Latham.

</doc>
<doc id="5929245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5929245" title="The Hotel Hershey">
The Hotel Hershey

The Hotel Hershey, built in the 1930s, is a historical landmark, four-star hotel located on a hilltop overlooking Hershey, Pennsylvania. It has 232 guest rooms and of event space.
The Hotel Hershey's architectural style has Spanish and Italian influences, mosaic tiles and archways, and a villa-style balcony overlooking the twinkling lights of Hershey and the expanse of Hershey Gardens. Historic photographs and original artwork line the halls and decorate guest room walls, as well as the Iberian Lounge, which takes the guest back in time to dim, fireplace-lit cigar lounges. 
The Hotel Hershy is a member of Historic Hotels of America, the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
History.
During the Great Depression, Milton S. Hershey, founder of The Hershey Chocolate Company, faced with the challenge of either employing his town's construction workers or providing for their welfare, decided to build a hotel on Pat's Hill overlooking the town and his factory. Originally planned to be a recreation of the famous Heliopolis Palace Hotel, construction plans changed and were delayed due to costs, the death of Hershey's wife, Catherine, and the outbreak of World War II. When construction began, the new plans drew on Mediterranean and Spanish influences.
Construction began in 1931 and the hotel was completed on May 23, 1932. The effort employed as many as 800 workers. The bill for the hotel was around $2 million.
In 1934, a nine-hole golf course was added to the grounds and in 1961, an outdoor swimming pool was added.
In 1977 a new 100 room wing was added to the hotel along with a new indoor pool and fitness center.
In 2001 a full service spa called "The Spa At The Hotel Hershey" was added. The spa features innovative treatments inspired by chocolate such as the Whipped Cocoa Bath, Chocolate Bean Polish, and the Chocolate Fondue Wrap.
Throughout 2009, The Hotel Hershey officially unveiled its $67 million building campaign known as “The Grand Expansion,” which launched as part of the Hotel's 75th anniversary celebration. Along with upgrades to the Hotel’s front entrance, the expansion features 10 new luxury guest cottages; one meetings cottage; a multi-pool swimming complex with an infinity-edge pool; year-round ice-skating rink; new recreation area; 130-seat restaurant, Harvest; and seven new boutique shops known as The Shops At The Hotel Hershey.

</doc>
