<doc id="5903160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903160" title="R v Hay">
R v Hay

R v Hay (1860) 2 Foster and Finlaison 4, was an English case that was cited by the "Catholic Encyclopedia" as a challenge to the conventional view of priest-penitent privilege in the UK.
Facts.
The case was tried before Mr. Justice Hill at Durham Assizes. The complainant alleged that he had been robbed of his watch by the defendant and another man. A police inspector had subsequently received the watch from Fr. Kelly, a priest in the neighbourhood, upon his calling at the presbytery. Fr. Kelly was summoned as a witness by the prosecutor, and as the oath was about to be administered to him he objected to its form, not, he explained, to that part of it which required him to tell the truth and nothing but the truth, "but as a minister of the Catholic Church", he said, "I object to that part which states that I shall tell the whole truth". The judge answered him: "The meaning of the oath is this: it is the whole truth touching the trial which you are asked: which you legitimately, according to law, can be asked. If anything is asked of you in the witness box which the law says ought not to be asked, for instance, if you are asked a question the answer to which might criminate yourself, you would be entitled to say, 'I object to answer that question'". The judge told him that he must be sworn. 
When asked by counsel from whom he had received the watch Fr. Kelly replied: "I received it in connexion with the confessional". The judge said: "You are not asked at present to disclose anything stated to you in the confessional: you are asked a simple fact: from whom did you receive that watch which you gave to the policeman?". Fr. Kelly protested: "The reply to a question would implicate the person who gave me the watch, therefore I cannot answer it. If I answered it my suspension for life would be a necessary consequence. I should be violating the laws of the Church as well as the natural laws". The judge said: "On the ground that I have stated to you, you are not asked to disclose anything that a penitent may have said to you in the confessional. That you are not asked to disclose: but you are asked to disclose from whom you received the stolen property on the 25th December last. Do you answer or do you not?". Fr. Kelly replied: "I really cannot, my Lord", and he was imprisoned forthwith for contempt of court.
The "Catholic Encyclopedia" contends that it may be fairly deduced from Mr. Justice Hill's words that he would not have required Fr. Kelly to disclose any statement which had been made to him in the confessional, and, in this sense, his words may be said to give some support to the Catholic claim for privilege for sacramental confession. The "Encyclopedia" further observes, "But we need not wonder that he was not ready to extend the protection to the act of restitution, though, even in the eyes of non-Catholics, it ought, in all logic, to have been entitled to the same secrecy, in view of the circumstances under which, obviously, it was made."

</doc>
<doc id="5903178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903178" title="La Libre Belgique">
La Libre Belgique

La Libre Belgique (literally, "The Free Belgium"), now sold under the name La Libre, is a Belgian newspaper in French. In Belgium, it is seen as roughly equivalent to the Flemish "De Standaard". The paper is widely perceived as pro-catholic. Along with another high circulation French-speaking newspaper "Le Soir", it dominates the market in Wallonia and Brussels.
"La Libre Belgique" was founded in February 1915 by the brothers Louis and who had been active in the world of newspaper publishing. The paper was initially secretly published in Belgium which at the time was occupied by German Empire. Hence its name which was at the same time an allusion to the collaborationist paper "La Belgique". Several weeks before the end of the hostilities, both of the Jourdain brothers died of natural causes. Their work was continued by Victor’s two sons Joseph and Paul Jourdain. 
The newspaper was also published secretly during World War II in a number of unofficial editions.
In 1959 the paper reached a record circulation of 190 thousand copies. However, by 1999 it had dropped to 68 212 copies. The current editor in chief is Vincent Slits.
The paper was noted widely as one of the papers involved in a feud with Google relating to which content that could be linked and cached by Google. In July 2011, the paper was totally removed from Google News and Google's normal web search. The paper can however now be found again by Google Web Search. 
Films.
Aspects of the newspaper's history reflecting the Belgian Resistance appeared in the 1942 feature film "Uncensored" and the 1941 documentary short "Out of Darkness", part of "The Passing Parade" series.

</doc>
<doc id="5903181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903181" title="Aamras">
Aamras

Aamras or Amras is the pulp of the tropical fruit Mango eaten in India. The pulp of a ripe fruit is extracted usually by hand and consumed along with Chapati. At times ghee and milk are added to the pulp to enhance its flavour. Sugar is also added to adjust the sweetness. 
A regional version of Amras is a popular dessert in Rajasthani cuisine and Marwari, Maharashtra, Gujarati homes, especially during festivities.
Since the fruit is seasonal, being harvested at the end of summer, the need to preserve the fruit in the form of pulp has given rise to a moderately large Mango processing industry.
Keri no ras.
Aamras is also a traditional Gujarati dish (called as Keri no ras). It consists of sugared mango pulp, which is passed through muslin to remove fibrous strands of the fruit. It is commonly eaten with rotli or pooris. 
List of sweetmeats produced from processing the pulp.
Several sweetmeats produced from the processed pulp are very popular among the Maharastrian community.

</doc>
<doc id="5903191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903191" title="Loach (disambiguation)">
Loach (disambiguation)

Loach may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903195" title="PBA Reinforced Conference">
PBA Reinforced Conference

The PBA Reinforced Conference was a tournament held during a Philippine Basketball Association season from 1985-1989, and again in 2003. The tournament usually allows team to hire one or two imports, although the 2003 edition rules that teams sign foreign players with a height-limit of 6-4 below.
History.
The first edition of the tournament began in the 1985 PBA season with guest team, the famed Northern Consolidated RP national squad winning over Manila Beer, via a four-game sweep.
A year later, Tanduay defeated Great Taste to win the title. But, from 1987-1989, San Miguel Beer dominated the tournament. In 1987, they defeated the Hills Bros Coffee Kings in five games. A season later, the Beermen beat Shell, 4-1, and in 1989, they beat arch-rival Anejo Rhum, to complete the 1989 grand slam.
The tournament took a hiatus for the next 14-years, before new commissioner Noli Eala, revived the conference in 2003. The tournament allowed teams to take an import, with a maximum height limit of 6-4 below. The Coca-Cola Tigers, defeated sister team, and defending champion San Miguel Beermen (technically defending the titles won from 1987-1989) in seven games.
In 2004, the league scrapped the said name, replacing it with the PBA Fiesta Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="5903213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903213" title="Popular Classics">
Popular Classics

Popular Classics is Ahmet Kanneci's fifth album.
Track listing.
"Anonymous"
"Narváez"
"Sanz"
"Bach"
"Sor"
"Albéniz"
"Granados"
"Llobet"
"Tárrega"
"Villa-Lobos"
"Cardoso"
"Anonymous"

</doc>
<doc id="5903214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903214" title="Black Dialogue">
Black Dialogue

Black Dialogue is the debut full-length album by hip hop group The Perceptionists, released on March 22, 2005 on Definitive Jux. The song "Let's Move" was featured in the EA video games and NBA Live 06, and 'Party Hard' was featured on EA's Skate 3, ATV Offroad Fury 4, and DLC for DJ Hero 2. Also, a cover of "Five O'Clock" is featured in Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party 2. The Album was released to critical acclaim and was ranked in the Top 50 best albums of the year by Rolling Stone magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="5903217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903217" title="Wildlife Trust of India">
Wildlife Trust of India

The Wildlife Trust of India, (WTI) is a national conservation organisation committed to effective action for the protection of India’s natural heritage. Our principal objectives include managing or preventing wildlife crises and mitigating threats to individual wild animals, their populations and habitats through holistic strategies and practical interventions.
WTI was formed in November 1998 in response to the rapidly deteriorating condition of wildlife in India. WTI is a registered charity in India (under Section 12A of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
Mission.
To conserve wildlife and its habitat and to work for the welfare of individual wild animals, in partnership with communities and governments
Vision.
A secure natural heritage of India 
Achievements.
Within just over a decade, WTI has secured numerous victories and milestones for wildlife in India including:
- securing habitats and establishing contiguous forests; 
- changing public perceptions and attitude through effective campaigning; 
- promoting individual animal welfare in conservation and pioneering systematic wildlife rehabilitation techniques; 
- countering wildlife offences through undercover operations and legal assistance; 
- training and equipping frontline forest staff and helping build their morale; 
- carrying out field research to identify threats, develop and implement conservation strategies for lesser studied animals and ignored habitats; 
- advocacy for proactive reforms to create an atmosphere conducive to conservation; 
- promoting alternative livelihoods to minimise human dependence on forests resources and a lot more. 
Priorities: the Big Ideas.
i. Species recovery: Recover populations of selected threatened species where WTI can make the most difference, using improved techniques, intensive management, conservation breeding, reintroduction and restocking.
ii. Rescue and rehabilitation: Increase welfare of individual displaced animals while enhancing conservation and pioneering science based rehabilitation, conflict mitigation and wildlife health.
iii. Enforcement and Law: Reduce wildlife crime by strengthening frontline field staff, practical trade control, championing legal defense using existing laws and by providing alternatives to wildlife products and livelihoods.
iv. Securing habitats: Secure critical habitats outside the traditional PA system, especially linkages, wetlands, grasslands, BCPP (Biodiversity Conservation Prioritisation Project), important bird areas and sacred groves, thereby increasing the effective protected area of India by 1%.
v. Wild Aid: Provide short term focused aid both monetary and technical, to assist in emergencies and in emerging conservation issues, to provide rapid aid to animals in distress, to initiate pilot projects or innovative ideas to help conservation and to focus public attention on conservation emergencies. 
Priority landscapes.
WTI currently focuses its resources on six priority landscapes – northeast India, western Himalayas, terai, southern Ghats system, central India and marine. These landscapes notwithstanding, we have and will continue to provide aid and assistance to wildlife in need in any part of India, either through direct intervention or by supporting initiatives of like-minded individuals or institutions. 
Projects.
They are administratively classified as ‘Depth’ or ‘Breadth’ projects: 
WTI currently runs 12 Depth Projects that holistically address multiple conservation hurdles specific to an area through a multi-pronged approach. These projects, most often than not incorporate more than one of WTI’s Big Ideas into their goals and generally last multiple years. 
The Breadth Projects are those that address specific conservation issues that may not be limited in time and space in the country. These projects most often than not address only one of WTI’s priorities. These include capacity building of frontline staff, prevention of wild animal (particularly elephant) death due to train hits, Rapid Action Project aid to grassroots NGOs and individuals among others. 
Team.
What began as a three-member team in a small room in south Delhi in 1998, is today a family of about 150 professionals from diverse backgrounds - conservation biologists, scientists, sociologists, wildlife veterinarians, managers, lawyers, finance experts and communication specialists - but committed to the common cause of wildlife. They are based in any of the 15 field stations in remote parts of the country and a central coordinating office in the national capital region. 
An eight-member Executive Management Team comprising experienced conservationists, scientists, managers and bureaucrats provide a visionary leadership to the vibrant and enthusiastic WTI team. 
The Board of Trustees of WTI comprises nine stalwarts who bring together a collective experience of at least 300 years in the field of conservation, education and management. 
Strengths.
Quick Action to ensure swift and timely assistance to wildlife in the hour and place of need
Private sector work ethics and an NGO heart, working with private sector deadlines, management principles, periodic reviews driven by passion for wildlife and nature
Building Alliances to function through partnerships and coalitions to extend geographical oversight, expertise, skills and global networking. 
Utilising funds efficiently ensuring that 80% of all specified wildlife donations are spent on the field
Using manpower and skills optimally ensuring a broad-viewed approach to conservation
Approach.
WTI is geared to act quickly with minimum bureaucracy, ensuring that assistance reaches the field, where it is needed the most, as soon as possible. This could be in the form of finance, equipment, infrastructure and expert personnel, or it could be in the form of support for training. Rehabilitation and re-introduction of wild species back into their habitat, acquiring land for wildlife, creating innovative communication packages, providing relief in cases of conflict etc., are also part of the approach to promoting conservation. 
WTI functions through partnerships and coalitions. Regional partners provide geographical oversight, technical partners provide the expertise and skill that may be required in specific projects, and international partners help in fund raising and global positioning. The core team at WTI comprises biologists, conservationists, veterinarians, communication professionals and lawyers who pool their respective skills to a common end. 
WTI programmes are supported, among others, by:

</doc>
<doc id="5903220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903220" title="Thedford">
Thedford

Thedford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903224" title="Brod, Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Brod, Bosnia and Herzegovina

Brod (Serbian Cyrillic: Брод; , ) is a town and municipality located on the south bank of the river Sava in the northern part of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is situated in the northwestern part of the Republika Srpska entity and the western part of the Posavina region.
Name.
Prior to the Bosnian War of the 1990s, it was "Bosanski Brod". After the war the official name is only "Brod". 
In May 2009, the National Assembly of the Republika Srpska removed the prefix "Bosanski" resulting in the name "Brod". Today its official name is just "Brod", without the prefix "Bosanski" or "Srpski".
The Croatian town of Slavonski Brod is situated on the opposite (northern) bank of the Sava forming a built-up area of more than 110,000 inhabitants.
The bridge over the Sava River at Brod was one of the few between Croatia and Bosnia not to be destroyed; it was reinforced by NATO, using troops of the U.S. 10th Mountain Division, to keep open a link between the two countries.
Settlements.
• Brod
• Brusnica Mala
• Brusnica Velika
• Donja Barica
• Donja Močila
• Donja Vrela
• Donje Kolibe
• Donji Klakar
• Gornja Barica
• Gornja Močila
• Gornja Vrela
• Gornje Kolibe
• Gornji Klakar
• Grk
• Koraće
• Kričanovo
• Kruščik
• Liješće
• Novo Selo
• Sijekovac
• Unka
• Vinska i Zborište.
Demographics.
1971.
30,115 total
1991.
In 1991, the population of Bosanski Brod municipality was 34,148, including:
The urban part of the municipality had in 1991 a population of 14,045, including:
Urban settlements population:
Source: [http://www.hdmagazine.com/bosnia/census/cens-s.html].
Serbs were majority in Brodsko Polje, Croats in Centar, Rit and Tulek, and Muslims by nationality in Mahala Skele.
Administrative areas, 1991.
The Municipality of Brod according to population census from 1991, had twenty-three inhabited settlements, divided in twelve local communities:

</doc>
<doc id="5903238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903238" title="Sacra Corona">
Sacra Corona

Sacra Corona may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903241" title="SIGSAM">
SIGSAM

SIGSAM is the ACM Special Interest Group on Symbolic and Algebraic Manipulation. It publishes the "ACM Communications in Computer Algebra" and often sponsors the "International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation" (ISSAC).

</doc>
<doc id="5903248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903248" title="Hubert Vo">
Hubert Vo

Hubert Vo (Võ in Vietnamese) (born 30 May 1956) is a member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 149. He is the first and only Vietnamese American to be elected to the Texas legislature.
Personal life.
Vo was born in South Vietnam and emigrated to the United States with his family to leave the communist government of Vietnam.
He is a 1983 graduate of the University of Houston with a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering degree.
He is married and has three children.
Political career.
Vo currently serves as a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives, representing the 149th District which contains part of Harris County including part of west Houston and the suburbs of Alief and Katy. Vo was elected in 2004, defeating the incumbent Republican, Talmadge Heflin by the razor-thin margin of 20,695 to 20,662.[http://elections.sos.state.tx.us/elchist.exe]
Talmadge Heflin was the Republican nominee again in 2006, seeking a rematch with Hubert Vo in the election of Tuesday, November 7, 2006. Vo won re-election with 54% of the vote.
The "Houston Chronicle" has reported numerous stories about apartment complexes owned by Vo. The complexes have been cited by the City of Houston for various building code violations.
In the 2008 Presidential election primaries Vo initially endorsed Senator Hillary Clinton, but later spoke for Texas Asian Americans & Pacific Islanders for Obama.
He won re-election in the 2010 election.
Current Legislative Committees.
Hubert Vo has been a member of the following committees:

</doc>
<doc id="5903252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903252" title="Lollipop Lust Kill">
Lollipop Lust Kill

Lollipop Lust Kill was an American alternative metal/heavy metal band, formed in 1996 in Toledo, Ohio.
Band history.
Lollipop Lust Kill was formed in 1996 in Toledo, Ohio with the original line-up including DeadGreg, Dr. Distorto, Evvy Pedder, D. Human, and drummer Bloody Sunday. Prior to Evvy (Pedder's) 1996 induction into the fold, the band had resided under the moniker 'Candy Killers'. The name 'Lollipop Lust Kill' was derived partly from a desire by the original members to incorporate a sugar-coated, tongue-in-cheek feel to the band's name, with the 'lust kill' portion inspired randomly from a description of serial killer John Wayne Gacy in the "Encyclopedia of Serial Killers" as a 'lust killer' read aloud one evening by Pedder to the rest of the band. Lollipop Lust Kill was born. Bloody Sunday would be replaced by R. Cynic prior to the release of "Motel Murder Madness" with the departed drummer's brother Killer K. joining the band on keyboards during this time.
The band played their first show at the popular Toledo, Ohio haunt Frankies with a band named Toilet, which included future keyboardist Killer K. on guitar. They would continue to play in and around Toledo establishing a rabid and loyal fan base colloquially known as 'The Lollipop Guild'.
In 1998, Lollipop Lust Kill were finalists in Toledo WBUZ radio's "Buzz Band Showdown" earning them a spot on WBUZ's second local artist CD and opening a radio showcase concert, Buzzfest '98, with another Toledo-based band, Sugar Buzz. Performers included just-signed Kid Rock, Sevendust, Candlebox, Caroline's Spine, Fuel and Stabbing Westward.
In 2000, Lollipop Lust Kill self-released their full-length debut, "Motel Murder Madness", which catapulted them into the top ten of MP3.com. Their major label debut, "My So Called Knife", was released by Artemis Records in June 2002, but it was met with lukewarm sales.
Prior to the release of "My So Called Knife" (a word-play on the show "My So-Called Life"), drummer R. Cynic and guitarist Dr. Distorto changed their stage names to Knits and Pill respectively.
In March 2004, guitarist DeadGreg and bassist D. human announced their departure from the band, citing personal reasons. Keyboardist Killer K. would follow suit a few weeks later. The band auditioned several potential replacement bassists before settling on Jay Jay and guitarist Brian Tilse, formerly of Rob Halford's outfit Fight. The reformed band attempted to write and record a follow-up to "My So Called Knife" for several months, before deciding to call it quits in June 2004. Jay Jay and Tilse proceeded to start the band Glass Pipe Suicide with Knits, and they recorded some demos which were made available for free online before disbanding sometime in 2005.
LLK played their final show at the popular Toledo venue Headliners on June 4, 2004. The original six members (those that comprised the band during the release of "Motel Murder Madness") reunited for this farewell show to the accolades of several hundred friends and fans from around the country. Perhaps in a fitting final tribute, vocalist Evvy Pedder invited the audience onto the stage to participate in the traditional closing song "Balls Out" 'lollipop style'. In the mayhem that ensued, a portion of the stage collapsed: a fitting testament to the violent imagery forwarded by the band made manifest.
Guitarist Pill and vocalist Evvy Pedder attempted to resurrect the band with new members over the next several months, but to no avail.
The future of Lollipop Lust Kill remains in doubt. Pedder, the only remaining member, still harbors aspirations to bring their particular style of murderous musical mayhem to the masses as a solo artist, but his web-site Evvy Thomas, has not been updated in over five years.
Notably, LLK toured with Coal Chamber, American Head Charge, Ministry and motograter, Dog Fashion Disco and Kittie.
The four original members (DeadGreg, Pill, and Knits) agreed to start a new band, called They Thought We Were Strangers, and play together for the first time since the farewell show in 2004. On January 27, 2011, the group released a 4-song EP available for download.
Genre.
Their music is considered by many as alternative metal with rap metal and industrial metal influences. According to previous interviews, they consider themselves "murder rock".

</doc>
<doc id="5903260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903260" title="Golden Throne">
Golden Throne

Golden Throne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903273" title="Painterboy">
Painterboy

Painterboy is a game for Commodore 64. Released in 1986, it is one of the first advergames produced in Finland.
The game is advertising paints from Finnish paint company Tikkurila. It is based on "Father and Son" characters from Tikkurila's TV commercials of the time - though somewhat caricatured compared to the commercials, which had actors.
Gameplay.
The game is divided to two sections: The driving part and painting part.
In the driving part, the idea is to drive from the office to the house to paint - and back. First, you need to pick a correct paint to paint the house with; wrong choice (such as oil paint for a concrete building) will result in a chastisement from the Father. Driving is straightforward, and is shown from above; the target building shows up in the game map, highlighted with Tikkurila's logo, and compass shows where to drive. Driving off the road, colliding with a building, or getting run over by a train will make the player lose a life.
In the painting section, the player controls the Son, painting various sections of the building. The player must avoid painting any undesired things, such as dogs, birds, the Father, and the Girl Next Door.
Availability.
The retail price for the game was 67.00 mk for tape version and 69.00 mk for diskette (nominally about 11 €), and was only available through mail order from Chart Top Design, the developer of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="5903274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903274" title="Supersemar">
Supersemar

The Supersemar, the Indonesian abbreviation for "Surat Perintah Sebelas Maret" (Order of March the Eleventh) was a document signed by the Indonesian President Sukarno on 11 March 1966, giving the army commander Lt. Gen. Suharto authority to take whatever measures he "deemed necessary" to restore order to the chaotic situation during the Indonesian killings of 1965–66. The abbreviation "Supersemar" is a play on the name of Semar, the mystic and powerful figure who commonly appears in Javanese mythology including wayang puppet shows. The invocation of Semar was presumably intended to help draw on Javanese mythology to lend support to Suharto's legitimacy during the period of the transition of authority from Sukarno to Suharto.
In effect, the Supersemar came to be seen as the key instrument of the transfer of executive power from Sukarno to Suharto.
Background.
On 30 September 1965, a group calling itself the 30 September Movement killed six senior army generals, seized temporary control of parts of the center of Jakarta and issued a number of decrees over Republic of Indonesia Radio. Suharto and his allies defeated the movement and in the rather drawn-out process which extended out for six months or more, Sukarno's formal position as president of the nation was slowly but steadily ebbed away. The army accused its long standing rival, the Indonesian Communist Party (PKI), of being behind the "coup attempt" and an anti-Communist purge ensued. Over the next few months Suharto and the army seized the initiative. During a cabinet meeting (which Suharto did not attend), troops without insignia surrounded the presidential palace where the meeting was being held. Sukarno was advised to leave the meeting and did so, flying to the presidential palace in Bogor, 60 km south of Jakarta, by helicopter. Later that afternoon three army generals, Maj. Gen. Basuki Rahmat, Minister for Veteran Affairs, Brig. Gen. M Jusuf, Minister for Basic Industry and Brig. Gen. Amirmachmud, Commander of the V/Jaya Jakarta Military Area Command, visited Sukarno and came away with the signed Supersemar which they then presented to Suharto. The next day Suharto used the powers thus conferred on him to ban the PKI, and on 18 March, fifteen Sukarno loyalist ministers were arrested. Suharto changed the composition of the Provisional People's Consultative Assembly (MPRS) and a year later, in March 1967, the MPRS voted to strip Sukarno of his powers and appointed Suharto acting president. In 1968 the MPRS removed the word 'acting' and over two years after the events of September 1965 Suharto became the president of Indonesia. The process of transferring the presidency from Sukarno to Suharto had taken over two years. Suharto remained in power as president until he resigned in during the political crisis in Indonesia in May 1998.
The document.
The Supersemar itself is a simple document of less than 200 words. It reads as follows:
PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA
ORDER
I. Considering<br>
1.1 The current state of the Revolution, together with the national and international political situation<br>
1.2 The Order of the Day of the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces/President/Supreme Commander of the Revolution dated 8 March 1966
II. Taking into account<br>
2.1 The need for calm and stability of the Government and the progress of the Revolution<br>
2.2 The need for a guarantee of integrity of the Great Leader of the Revolution, Armed Forces and the People to preserve the leadership and obligations of the President/Supreme Commander/Supreme Commander of the Revolution and his teachings
III. Decides/Orders<br>
LIEUTENANT GENERAL SOEHARTO, MINISTER/ARMY COMMANDER<br>
To: In the name of the President/Supreme Commander/Great Leader of the Revolution<br>
1. Take all measures deemed necessary to guarantee security and calm as well as the stability of the progress of the Revolution, as well as to guarantee the personal safety and authority of the leadership of the President/Supreme Commander/Great Leader of the Revolution/holder of the Mandate of the People's Consultative Assembly for the sake of the integrity of the Nation and State of the Republic of Indonesia, and to resolutely implement all the teachings of the Great leader of the Revolution.<br>
2. Coordinate the execution of orders with the commanders of the other forces to the best of his ability.<br>
3. Report all actions related to duties and responsibilities as stated above.
IV. Ends
Djakarta, 11 March 1966
PRESIDENT/SUPREME COMMANDER/GREAT LEADER OF THE REVOLUTION/HOLDER OF THE MANDATE OF THE PEOPLE'S CONSULTATIVE ASSEMBLY
SUKARNO
Controversy.
The circumstances surrounding the signing of the Supersemar.
Indonesians usually end documents with the place the document was signed and the date. Given that the Supersemar was supposedly signed in Bogor, it is odd that the Supersemar is signed "Djakarta". In his account of the events of March 1966, Hanafi, a close friend of Sukarno and ambassador to Cuba says that he went to Bogor on 12 March and met with Sukarno. He says that Sukarno told him Suharto had sent three generals with a document they had already prepared for him to sign. He says that Sukarno felt he had to sign it because he was in a tight spot, but that the generals had promised to defend Sukarno and that the order would not be misused. However, Martoidjojo, the commander of the presidential bodyguard, who went with Sukarno in the helicopter to Bogor, says that the Supersemar was typed in Bogor by Sukarno's adjutant and military secretary, Brig. Gen. Mochammed Sabur. Djamaluddin corroborates this.
The wording of the Supersemar itself could be read as a threat, namely the section reading "to guarantee the personal safety and authority of the leadership of Sukarno. However, in 1998, accusations appeared of an even more direct threat, namely that two members of the presidential guard had seen Gen. M. Jusuf and Gen M. Panggabean, second assistant to the Army minister, pointing their pistols at Sukarno. M. Jusuf and others have denied this, and that Panggabean was even present. They called into doubt the credibility of key parts of the accusations, and said it was impossible for the two men to be so close to the president at the time.
The disappearance of the original.
One of the most obvious oddities regarding the Supersemar is that the original document can no longer be traced. Although Indonesia was in a fairly chaotic state at the time, it is surprising that more care was not taken to preserve a document that school history books cite as the legitimization of Suharto's ensuing actions. After all, the original document of the Indonesian Declaration of Independence is still preserved.
The existence of multiple versions.
One of the publications to appear since the fall of Suharto alleges that there were several versions of the Supersemar (Center for Information Analysis 1999). Even before the fall of Suharto, an official publication commemorating 30 years of Indonesian independence reproduced one version of Supersemar, while an officially sanctioned high school history textbook featured a different version.
There are a number of differences between the various versions of the Supersemar:
The Order of 13 March.
According to Hanafi, in his discussions with Sukarno at the Bogor Palace on 12 March, Sukarno was angry that the Supersemar had been used to ban the PKI, as it was the prerogative of the president to ban political parties. He said he had asked Third Deputy Prime Minister Johannes Leimena to take a written order to Suharto, and that he would wait to see what Suharto's reaction was – whether he would obey it or not. He asked Hanafi to help Third Deputy Prime Minister Chaerul Saleh and First Deputy Prime Minister Subandrio The two men showed Hanafi the "Order of 13 March", which stated that the Order of 11 March was technical and administrative in nature, not political, warned General Suharto that he was not to take any actions outside the scope of the order and asked Suharto to report to the president at the palace. Saleh planned to make copies of the order and distribute them to loyal members of the palace guard and to Sukarno's young followers. Hanafi says 5,000 copies were made, and that he took a few back to Jakarta with him, but he does not know what happened to the others.
In the official biography of Suharto, it is also said that Sukarno questioned Suharto's use of the Supersemar and sent Leimena to ask Suharto to take responsibility for his actions. Saelan, deputy commander of the presidential guard says Suharto ignored the order, and Hanafi says that Suharto sent a message back via Leimena, who returned to Bogor later that evening, saying he would take responsibility for his actions, and that he was unable to come to Bogor as he was due to attend a meeting of all the military commanders at 11 am the following day, to which he invited Sukarno. Incidentally, Hanafi is ambiguous as to the dates in his account, as he says he was in Bogor on 12 March, but the "correction" to the Supersemar was known as the Order of 13 March.

</doc>
<doc id="5903295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903295" title="Third River">
Third River

Third River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903304" title="Seal of the Confessional and the Anglican Church">
Seal of the Confessional and the Anglican Church

The Seal of the Confessional is a principle of the Anglican Church that protects the words spoken during confession. Confession has certain censures on disclosure as there is an understanding among the clergy that there is an inviolable confidence between the individual priest and the penitent. This principle should not be confused with the rarer practice of lay confession, nor with the public confession of sins which is an element of most eucharistic liturgies throughout the Anglican Communion. The 'Seal of the Confessional' refers specifically to the private confession of sins by an individual, in the presence of a priest, the form of which is regulated by the Book of Common Prayer (1662) and later liturgical sources.
Historical position.
To the English Reformation.
In the "Decretum" of Gratian who compiled the edicts of previous councils and the principles of Church law which he published about 1151, we find the following declaration of the law as to the seal of confession:
- and he goes on to say that the violator of this law should be made a lifelong, ignominious wanderer.
Canon 21 of the Fourth Council of the Lateran (1215), binding on the whole Church, laid down the obligation of secrecy in the following words:
Notably, neither this canon nor the law of the "Decretum" purports to enact for the first time the secrecy of confession. The great fifteenth century English canonist William Lyndwood speaks of two reasons why a priest is bound to keep secret a confession, the first being on account of the sacrament because it is almost (quasi) of the essence of the sacrament to keep secret the confession.
Henry VIII and the Reformation.
The whole system of spiritual jurisdiction and the administration of canon law in England was transformed by the advent of the English Reformation. The reign of King Henry VIII saw the advent of an independent Church of England, constituted with the king as supreme head. The Statute of the Six Articles, passed in 1540, declared that "auricular confession is expedient and necessary to be retained and continued, used and frequented in the Church of God". Therefore, no reason to think that the Seal of Confession would not have been observed in the Church of England.
Canon 113.
Historically, the only occasion in which the confidentiality of a confession was imposed as a duty by the Church of England seems to have been in the canons that were made in 1603. Canon 113 deals with the suppression of evil deeds by the reporting thereof by the persons concerned with the administration of each parish. It provides for the presentment to the ordinary by parsons, vicars, or curates of the crimes and iniquities committed in the parish. It concludes with the following reservation:
There are two points to be observed in the canon: First, there is an express exemption from the duty of secrecy where such duty should conflict with one imposed by the civil power under a certain penalty. There does not appear to have been, in fact, at that time any law which made the mere concealment of any crime, including treason, an offence punishable with forfeiture of life. This in no way affects the principle laid down in the canon. The exemption is a marked departure from the pre-Reformation ecclesiastical law on the subject as shown by the pre-Reformation English canons and otherwise. Second, even apart from the exemption, the language used to declare the injunction bears a marked contrast to the language used to declare the secrecy in pre-Reformation days. It is evident that secrecy is not "quasi" of the essence of confession, as William Lyndwood had declared it to be at the time which he wrote. The notion of secrecy as explained by the Fourth Lateran Council, and the English Councils of Durham and Oxford - which made stringent decrees - seems to have been ended by the English Reformation.
It results from the Submission of the Clergy Act that a canon is void if it contravenes common or statute law, and, accordingly, it becomes void if at any subsequent period a statute inconsistent with it is passed. It does not seem that there was in 1603 any statute to which canon 113 was necessarily contrariant or that any has been passed since. When we have to decide whether or not it conflicted with the common law it must be remembered that many items of the common law must have disappeared or have undergone considerable alteration by such a change in the whole national life as that which was caused by the English Reformation. Rules of canon law and certain precepts of the Church had, undoubtedly, formed some of the stones in the growing fabric of English common law. So, where the practices to which these rules or precepts applied were repudiated or considerably modified one must expect a corresponding cessation or modification of the common law relating to it. Of many such instances confession would be one. Even the established Church of England did not claim for confession absolute inviolability. That said, there has never been any legislation in England, one way or the other, about the disclosure in evidence of religious confession. 
If the privilege had ceased to be part of the common law, legislation would be necessary to re-establish it. If it survived in the common law it could only have done so through the allowance of it in the Church of England.
Current position.
International variation.
The Anglican Church is an international Communion, and laws concerning priest-penitent privilege differ from country to country. Similarly, the different member churches of the Anglican Communion each have their own Canons, or other governing regulations. It is also true that the practice of private confession has a varying degree of importance in the different churches of the Anglican Communion; although all base their doctrinal position ultimately upon the doctrine expressed in the Book of Common Prayer (1662) which urges the use of private confession by all who "cannot quiet his own conscience" by the means of "self-examination, confession and repentance". Despite the huge range of attitudes towards the practice, there is an understanding among the clergy throughout Anglicanism that there is an inviolable confidence between the individual priest and the penitent.
Church of England legislation.
In the Church of England, when new Canons were introduced in 1969, they repealed most of the Canons of 1604, but Canon 113 (see above) was left unrepealed, and remains in force. The Guidelines for the Professional Conduct of the Clergy (2003), which are currently in force throughout the Church of England, state at section 7.2 "There can be no disclosure of what is confessed to a priest. This principle holds even after the death of the penitent. The priest may not refer to what has been learnt in confession, even to the penitent, unless explicitly permitted."; and add at section 7.4 "If a penitent's behaviour gravely threatens his or her well-being or that of others, the priest, while advising action on the penitent's part, must still keep the confidence".
The 21st Century has presented its own set of problems and questions. The Church of England has found itself responding to social pressures for greater self-regulation of professions including such matters as a) good practice in pastoral and counseling relationships, b) dealing with data protection issues relating to the keeping of records and c) the importance of clergy being aware of legal obligations on them. On the one hand privacy concerns in the secular world has meant that personal information is to be regarded as presumed confidential. On the other hand, child abuse awareness has meant that clergy must be aware when they are under a duty to disclose information, such as where the protection of children is involved. At the same time, the absolute confidentiality of the 'seal of the confessional' is upheld.
Liturgical provision.
Anglican liturgical resources, from around the world, make reference to the requirement of secrecy and the Seal of the Confessional. In the Church of England, the Common Worship provision entitled "Reconciliation and Restoration" includes two forms of service for "Reconciliation of a Penitent". The notes preceding these services state "The ministry of reconciliation requires that what is said in confession to a priest may not be disclosed". The Book of Alternative Services of the Anglican Church of Canada states: "The secrecy of a confession of sin is morally absolute for the confessor, and must under no circumstances be broken". In the Anglican Church of Southern Africa there are two rites for confession and absolution provided in the official liturgical resource 'An Anglican Prayer Book'. The preface to these states "Every priest in exercising this ministry of reconciliation, committed by Christ to his Church, is solemnly bound to observe secrecy concerning all those matters which are confessed before him".
Further reading.
Chronological order of publication (oldest first)

</doc>
<doc id="5903309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903309" title="Mumviri dialect">
Mumviri dialect

Mumviri is a dialect of the Kamkata-viri Nuristani language spoken by perhaps 1,500 of the Mumo people of Afghanistan. There are only slight differences to the Kata-vari, Mumviri has Kamviri phonetic features. The most used alternative name is "Bashgali", which derive from Khowar.
Mumviri is spoken in the Mangul, Sasku and Gabalgrom in the Bashgal Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="5903320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903320" title="Misfits (The Kinks album)">
Misfits (The Kinks album)

Misfits is the sixteenth studio album by the English rock group The Kinks, released in 1978.
Track listing.
On the UK version of the LP, a longer version of "Live Life" (4:47) switches places with "Black Messiah". Remastered CD releases have the UK LP track order and include the shorter "Live Life" as a bonus track. Arista released a ten track CD (Arista 260 173) that reproduces the original, non-UK LP version.

</doc>
<doc id="5903329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903329" title="John Roll McLean">
John Roll McLean

John Roll McLean (17 September 1848 – 9 June 1916) was the owner and publisher of "The Washington Post" and "The Cincinnati Enquirer". McLean was also a one-time partner in the ownership of the Cincinnati Red Stockings baseball team of the American Association and also the Cincinnati Outlaw Reds of the Union Association. 
He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, to Washington McLean, the owner and publisher of "The Cincinnati Enquirer". In 1905, he and his father purchased a controlling interest in "The Washington Post".
In 1904, he and Senator Stephen Benton Elkins built the Great Falls and Old Dominion Railroad. McLean, Virginia, which grew up around the railroad, is named for him. 
McLean received the Democratic Party's nomination for the United States Senate in 1885 and for the Ohio governor's seat in 1899. He lost both elections.
He married Emily Beale and was the father of Edward Beale McLean, owner of the Hope Diamond. His sister, Mildred, was the wife of General William Babcock Hazen and Admiral George Dewey. His former estate, Friendship, is now McLean Gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="5903334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903334" title="Talmadge L. Heflin">
Talmadge L. Heflin

Talmadge Loraine Heflin (born January 16, 1940) is a Republican former member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 149 in Harris County. His service extended for eleven terms, from 1983 to 2005. 
Heflin is the current director of the Center for Fiscal Policy at the Texas Public Policy Foundation, a free-market think tank based in the capital city of Austin.
Background.
Heflin was born in rural Shongaloo, Louisiana north of Minden, the parish seat of Webster Parish. The youngest of Sam C. Heflin and Lucille Lee Heflin's three children, he has two older sisters living in Louisiana, Patsy H. McManus of Atlanta and Marie H. Hamby of Shreveport. Their parents are interred at Cotton Valley Cemetery in Cotton Valley, also in Webster Parish. 
In 1959 Heflin wed the former Janice Johnson (born c. 1941). The couple has a son and daughter-in-law, Gordon and Rebecca Heflin, and two granddaughters, Shawna and Kristy, all of Houston. Talmadge and Janice Heflin reside in Driftwood in Hays County near San Marcos.
Heflin was employed in petrochemical construction and engineering for 24 years, having been a design engineer and a consultant. He formerly owned a small business in Houston. He is a former deacon at the Alief First Baptist Church and current deacon at the First Baptist Church of Dripping Springs. He served for seven years on the board of trustees of the Alief Independent School District. An elementary school in Alief was named in his honor in 1982.
Political life.
Between January 1993 and January 2003, when Democrats had majority control of the Texas House, Heflin was the only Republican member to have served on both the Ways and Means and the Appropriations committees. Heflin became chairman of the Appropriations Committee in January 2003 and helped to close a $10 billion budget shortfall without raising taxes but with hundreds of millions of dollars in new and increased state fees.
In 1985, Heflin was a founding member of the Texas Conservative Coalition, a bipartisan group of state legislators who support conservative issue positions, limited government, free enterprise, and family values.
In 2002, Heflin won his last term in the House. He polled 13,144 votes (55.5 percent) to Democrat Andrew Tran, who received 10,530 (44.5 percent). 
By 2004, as chair of the Appropriations Committee, he was considered one of the most powerful members of the House and the Republicans' leading expert on budget issues. However, his district had become more ethnically diverse, and in 2004, Heflin was narrowly defeated for reelection by the Democrat Hubert Vo, the first person of Vietnamese extraction elected to the Texas legislature. Vo polled 20,695 votes (50.03 percent) to Heflin's 20,662 (49.96 percent), a difference of 33 votes. Heflin sought a recount but then withdrew his challenge after an investigation concluded that Vo had won by at least 16 votes.
Heflin failed to unseat Vo in 2006, a strongly Democratic year nationally but not particularly so in Texas. Heflin polled 10,632 votes (45.72 percent), or roughly half his raw vote from 2004, to Vo's 12,621 (54.27 percent) in a lower-turnout election. Vo has since retained the House seat.
From August 2007 through March 2008, Heflin was executive director of the Republican Party of Texas. He succeeded Jeff Fisher in the paid position. In making the appointment, then Republican chairman Tina Benkiser cited Heflin's "conservative leadership" and his legislative and business experience.
Heflin was a presidential elector for Republican candidate John McCain in the 2008 election.
Upon his death, Talmadge will be eligible for interment at the Texas State Cemetery in Austin, a prerogative of all Texas state legislators.

</doc>
<doc id="5903340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903340" title="Conspiracy, and Protection of Property Act 1875">
Conspiracy, and Protection of Property Act 1875

The Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act 1875 (38 & 39 Vict. c.86) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom relating to labour relations, which together with the Employers and Workmen Act 1875, fully decriminalised the work of trade unions. Based on an extension of the conclusions of the Cockburn Commission, it was introduced by a Conservative government under Benjamin Disraeli.
The Act held that a trade union could not be prosecuted for act which would be legal if conducted by an individual. This meant that labour disputes were civil matters, not for consideration by criminal courts. One result of this was that picketing was decriminalised. The law also made certain forms of stalking illegal.
Sections 6 and 7 of this Act were repealed for the Republic of Ireland by the Non-Fatal Offences Against the Person Act, section 31 and Schedule.
The Act has been repealed by the Statute Law (Repeals) Act 2008 (c.12), Schedule 1, Part 3.

</doc>
<doc id="5903349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903349" title="The Art Institute of California – Orange County">
The Art Institute of California – Orange County

The Art Institute of California – Orange County, A campus of Argosy University is a private applied arts college located in Santa Ana, California. Under Argosy University, it is affiliated with the The Art Institute of California system of 8 campuses collectively known as The Art Institute of California—a college of Argosy University. Argosy University is owned by EDMC. The campus is composed of 13 art departments, two applied-art schools, The International Culinary School, the Fifty Forks restaurant, The AUSSI Art Gallery, and one dormitory complex. 
The Art Institute of California campuses are regionally accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).
Campus.
The Art Institute of California – Orange County campus is made up of two schools, a restaurant and one housing establishment. The main building at 3601 W Sunflower Ave., located at the southeast corner of Harbor Blvd. and W Sunflower Ave. intersection, is where a majority of classes are taught, The International Culinary School and Fifty Forks restaurant, as well as an art gallery are situated there as well. The second building at 3501 W Sunflower Ave., houses the Administrative offices, the campus library and a number of classrooms. A third building, located at 3511 W Sunflower Ave., houses industrial design workshops, fashion design sewing rooms, the student affairs offices, human resources, and additional classrooms.
Areas of study.
The school offers B.S., B.F.A., and A.S. degrees in several career-preparatory programs, including culinary programs.
Student restaurant.
Fifty Forks restaurant, is the public campus restaurant, operated by the students and faculty of The International Culinary School at The Art Institute of California – Orange County, opened in August 2003. Guests awaiting their meals can watch their dishes be prepared, and ultimately served, by the staff in the kitchens surrounding the dining area.
Graduation Rate.
According to the Student-Rights-to-Know Act, any school receiving Title IV funding from the US Government is required to calculate the number of actual students who graduate with a degree and disclose this information to current and prospective students. A sample of students followed from 2004 to 2010, revealed 320 out of 1021 students completed graduation. This gives The Art Institute of Orange County a graduation rate of 31 percent.
Top Employers.
Students who have completed a full degree at Art Institute Schools have been hired by top employers including: The Home Depot Inc., Electronic Arts, Marriott International, Nordstrom Inc., Restaurant Associates, Macy's Inc., Sodexo, Hilton Hotels Corporation, Target, Whole Foods Market, Bose, The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, Sears, J. C. Penney, Best Buy, THQ, FedEx, Sony, The Walt Disney Company based on a chain wide sample of all 40 institutions nation wide, not campus specific.
needed
Student activities.
Clubs and organizations.
The school hosts student managed clubs and organizations for many majors, the clubs are sponsored and supported by the school's department of student affairs, and operate cooperatively with the school, students, and outside organizations:
Clubs.
The college has a variety of art groups for students to participate in or become members of in; most of which respectively involve students and their particular field of study.
Honor Society.
Bachelors and associates degree students who graduate with honors may enlist in the Association of College Honor Societies, Alpha Beta Gamma-Delta Phi society.
Housing.
Student housing is available, and consists of furnished apartments in a complex located 1.5 miles from campus. The student housing complexes feature laundry facilities, pools and spas and are adjacent to one of the largest shopping malls in North America, the South Coast Plaza.
Accreditation and licensing.
The Art Institute of Orange County is WASC accredited.
Institutional accreditation.
The Art Institute of California – Orange County is regionally accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC), one of the six major regional accreditation commissions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education along with its seven sister Art Institute of California schools under Argosy University. Formally accredited as The Art Institute of California, a college of Argosy University Degree programs offered by The Art Institute of California – Orange County, are also accredited nationally by the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools (ACICS), recognized by the United States Department of Education, to award Bachelor of Science and Associate of Science degrees, as well as diplomas. The Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools is listed as a nationally recognized accrediting agency by the U.S. Department of Education. The Art Institute is also an institutional member of the Career College Association (CCA) and the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA). Courses are taught by industry professionals.
Programmatic accreditation.
The Bachelor of Science degree program offered by the Art Institute in Interior Design is accredited as a Professional Level Program by the Council for Interior Design Accreditation (formerly "FIDER," the Foundation for Interior Design Education and Research).
State Licensing.
The Art Institute of California – Orange County has been granted approval to operate by the California Bureau for Private Post-secondary and Vocational Education (California Department of Consumer Affairs)
Federal and State Lawsuits filed against The Art Institutes.
The US Government Files 11 Billion Lawsuit Against The Art Institute.
April 2011 The Art Institute and its parent company Education Management Corporation or EDMC was investigated and sued by the United States Department of Justice and four states including California for illegal and fraudulent practices of $11 billion in federal and state financial aid money. A Press Release was issued by the Department of Justice on August 8, 2011 describing the allegations of violating the False Claims Act. The case is pending.
California Files Lawsuit Against The Art Institute.
"The State of California" filed a Notice of Intervention against The Art Institute's parent company EDMC and joined the federal lawsuit according to California Watch The Art Institute of Orange County along with all the Art Institute campuses were named in the joint complaint.
The lawsuit alleges "The Art Institute illegally targeted low-income and foreign students" who qualify for government loans which generates 2.2 Billion or 89.3 percent of The Art Institute's net revenue in 2010. Recruiters were allegedly paid $800 for each student that enrolled during their frequent sales pitch events called Open House. The Justice Dept. Lawsuit alleges illegal recruiting took place by instructing recruiters to use high-pressure sales techniques like playing on an applicant's psychological vulnerabilities and inflating claims of career placement opportunities to enroll students regardless of their qualifications.
EDMC Predatory Lending.
A second pending whistle-blower lawsuit against EDMC has also been filed by The Government Accountability Office (GAO) alleging recruiters for South University used incentives to maximize enrollment allegedly by recruiting unqualified students who will not be able to repay their loans.
Alleged Exploitation of Veterans Benefits.
The HELP Committee, led by Sen. Tom Harkin has been holding hearings with EDMC and other for-profit schools for targeting veterans returning from service with aggressive and sometimes fraudulent recruiting tactics. The GI Bill dose not count against the law prohibiting the school funding not to exceed 90 percent of its income from federal loans. As a result, military money going to for-profit schools spiked dramatically. At EDMC, funding from the Department of Defense and Veterans Administration climbed from $2.04 million in fiscal 2009 to $52.4 million in fiscal 2010 and noted in a Frontline Investigation

</doc>
<doc id="5903357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903357" title="Central Florida Council">
Central Florida Council

Central Florida Council serves Scouts in Orange, Osceola, Seminole, Lake, Brevard, Volusia and Flagler Counties. Its headquarters is located in Apopka, Florida, and its primary Scout camp is Camp La-No-Che in Paisley, Florida, adjacent to the Ocala National Forest. In 1922, the Central Florida Council, Boy Scouts of America, was chartered by the National Council to implement a quality Scouting program to all youth in its geographic area. The council is incorporated in the State of Florida.
Camps.
Camp La-No-Che.
Camp La-No-Che is the Boy Scout Camp located on the North shore of Lake Norris in Paisley, Florida. It is a part of Central Florida Council of the Boy Scouts of America and is home to Tipisa Lodge of the Order of the Arrow (OA). Camp La-No-Che is part of the Leonard and Marjorie Williams Family Scout Reservation.
La-No-Che is and located near the southern border of the Ocala National Forest and on the shores of lake Norris. It is also on the North side of the Wekiva River Protection Area.
The camp is open year round with its most active time being the 8 weeks during summer camp in June and July. La-No-Che also hosts weekends for local JROTC units, Venturing units, Learning for Life units, Cub Scouts (Boy Scouts of America), and Webelos (Boy Scouts of America) weekends. Tipisa Lodge also hosts OA events including sectional weekends.
There are multiple sub-camp locations on the Leonard and Marjorie Williams Family Scout Reservation including Camp Rybolt — a large group camping area, Camp Pooh Bear — a secluded and primitive camp, and Adventure Camp, which has a Project COPE course.
The camp has two waterfront areas with docks, an aquatics program, a climbing wall, two swimming pools, laundry facilities, a trading post (camp store), shotgun, rifle, and archery ranges, a health lodge, outdoor chapel, dining hall, and multiple modern latrines. Also contained on the property is a water treatment plant, 5 residential houses, sulphur springs, Pooh Bear Lake, 17 Troop campsites, a baseball field, amphitheater, basketball court, bouldering wall, a dance arbor, and the Florida Trail.
The W.T. Bland Dining Hall is a full service food facility able to produce 3 meals a day for 1000+ campers.
Adventure treks and hiking trails are numerous including Big Stump, a 12' cypress stump an Orlando area attraction trek, Eagle Week, SCUBA diving, climbing, caving, kayaking, sailing, and trail biking. American Red Cross Health & Safety Certifications are also offered.
History.
Central Florida Council's summer camping was originally located at Camp WeWa off of Orange Blossom Trail (US Hwy 441) Apopka, Florida. Due to limited available land for expansion, close proximity to a highway, and a polluted lake on property, the Central Florida Council decided to seek new property around 1949. The Committee to find new land suitable for a summer camp was headed by Judge Don Cheney, an Orange County judge and long time Scouting supporter who was the first president of the Central Florida Council when it was organized in the 1920s. Through various means they investigated the Gould Hunting Lodge on the north shore of Lake Norris in Lake County, FL. The hunting lodge was owned by the wealthy Gould family from Massachusetts, owners of the Gould Pump Company. The former Camp WeWa was sold to the YMCA of Central Florida, which still operates a program there under that name.
The first summer camp held on the new property was in 1950. During 1950 and 1951 there was no public electrical hook up onto the camp, although there was an electrical generator used for lights and a well-water pump. Ice blocks were brought in along with butane and propane for cooking and hot water purposes. In 1952, a 5000 Watt generator was purchased due to plans for an on-site refrigerator unit.
A few years later on the west end of the property land was purchased from the Dyke family, who was given continued access. Their house still exists today. The purchased land included the Sulfur Springs and the Big Stump nature areas, as well as a creek that feeds into Lake Norris.
The camp name was given by Judge Don Cheney and consists of "La" for Lake, "No" for Norris and "Chee" to give it an Indian sounding ending. According to Tom Burgess a professional Scouter of that era, "Cheney absolutely insisted that the name be La-No-Che... one "e", and even in the face of the fact that "La Noche" translates "the night" in Spanish...behind his back everyone understood that it was his way of putting the name of "Cheney" on the camp in perpetuity!"
In the mid-1990s, Florida based supermarket Winn-Dixie donated a large sum of money to the Central Florida Council, and the camp was given the overall title of "Winn-Dixie Scout Reservation." In 2007, the Winn-Dixie name expired, and the Scout Reservation later sold naming rights to the Leonard and Marjorie Williams family.
The current camp director is Matt Ragan and assistant director is Kathy LaBar.
Order of the Arrow.
Tipisa Lodge #326 is a Lodge of the Order of the Arrow associated with Central Florida Council. It is descended from the Tipisa Honor Camper Society, and is the only lodge of that organization to retain the Tipisa name. Tipisa weekends are always held at Camp La-No-Che. It is part of Section 4, Southern Region. As of 2013, membership in Tipisa Lodge numbered more than 1,400 scouts and scouters.
The Lodge was formed as an extension of the "Tipisa Honor Camper Society" in 1938. The society, which was originally created in 1930, also had chapters in Boy Scout councils in Michigan and Indiana. The Indiana chapter was chartered as an OA Lodge under the name "Me-she-kin-no-quah #269" in 1944, and the Michigan chapter was chartered as "Tecumseh #332" in 1946. The Central Florida chapter retained the Tipisa name, and was also chartered as an OA Lodge in 1946. "Tipisa" is from the Sioux language, meaning "red tipi".
Tipisa hosts 4 events annually, including: Spring Conclave in March, OA Service Weekend in May, the Lodge Leadership Development Program (LLDP) and Banquet in August, and Fall Fellowship in September. It also hosts TNAW (Tipisa Native American Weekend) in February. The chapters of the lodge host their own Ordeal weekends (with some chapters holding joint weekends) from October to February.
Tipisa Lodge is divided into eleven chapters, each representing a separate district of Central Florida Council.

</doc>
<doc id="5903370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903370" title="Rootin Tootin Luton Tapes">
Rootin Tootin Luton Tapes

The Rootin Tootin Luton Tapes is a collection of demos made by New Zealand band Split Enz in 1978. During their 2006 tour of Australia it was announced that these recordings would finally be released as an official album after lengthy pressure from the fan club Frenz of the Enz.
In 1978 Split Enz fired their record company, their manager, and co-founder Phil Judd had left for the final time. The band was in a slump, and the opportunity arose for them to record in a small studio in Luton. It was a cramped space with percussionist Noel Crombie having to set up his kit in the studio's toilet and Eddie Rayner in a position where he was almost constantly hitting Tim Finn in the head with his elbow. In spite of this, the band claims that this was a very passionate recording session, and was the beginning of a new era.
Some songs were re-recorded for the album "Frenzy", but the band considered the original recordings to be far superior. This was partly due to the engineering and mixing incompetence on that album by producer Mallory Earl resulting in tracks described by Noel Crombie as "woolly and average", and also from subdued performances by the band.
In 2007, Split Enz keyboardist Eddie Rayner remixed the available tapes; a limited edition 2 CD set was made available by the Frenz Of The Enz fan club to its members, while the commercial release is a single CD.
2 CD version.
CD 1
CD 2
Single CD version.
Features CD 1 only.
Original release of Rootin Tootin Luton tracks.
Though largely unreleased prior the 2007 CD, ten songs from "The Rootin' Tootin Luton Tapes" were released in various artist albums or on the B-sides of singles.
Lost tracks.
In a Frenz of the Enz newsletter, Eddie Rayner was interviewed regarding the release of the Luton tapes. Sadly he has confirmed that one tape containing approximately 5 songs is missing. One track that he assumes is on it is called "Sensational" (as this track is not on any of the other tapes he has).

</doc>
<doc id="5903372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903372" title="Electrostatic-sensitive device">
Electrostatic-sensitive device

An electrostatic-sensitive device (often abbreviated ESD) is any component (primarily electrical) which can be damaged by common static charges which build up on people, tools, and other non-conductors or semiconductors. ESD commonly also stands for electrostatic discharge.
As electronic parts like computer central processing units (CPUs) become packed more and more densely with transistors the transistors shrink and become more and more vulnerable to ESD.
Common electrostatic-sensitive devices include:
ESD-safe working.
Often an ESD-safe foam or ESD-safe bag are required for transporting such components. When working with them, a technician will often use a grounding mat or other grounding tool to keep from damaging the equipment. A technician may also wear antistatic garments or an antistatic wrist strap
There are several kinds of ESD protective materials:

</doc>
<doc id="5903373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903373" title="Pete Sell">
Pete Sell

Peter K. Sell, (born August 5, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist specializing in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. He is a black belt under teacher and fellow mixed martial artist Matt Serra in East Meadow, New York, and has trained extensively under striking coach Ray Longo in Garden City, New York. A member of the Serra-Longo Fight Team, Sell formerly fought as a Welterweight in the UFC.
Career.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Sell made his debut with the UFC at "UFC 51", defeating Top contender Phil Baroni by guillotine choke submission in what was considered a major upset, considering he was a 5–1 underdog.
After a controversial Technical knockout stoppage in his first fight against The Ultimate Fighter veteran Nate Quarry, Sell was then seen as a middleweight contestant on The Ultimate Fighter: The Comeback, which premiered on August 17, 2006. He entered the competition alongside Matt Serra, who competed one weight class below Sell in the welterweight division. Sell defeated "Chainsaw" Charles McCarthy to move on the semi-finals of the competition, where he lost to the ultimate winner of the tournament Travis Lutter. Although Sell did not proceed the finals, he was featured on the undercard of the season finale where he lost to Scott Smith in a back and forth war that ended via sudden highlight reel knockout.
He then fought and lost to Thales Leites at UFC 69. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
His next fight was a rematch against Nathan Quarry, at UFC Fight Night 11. Sell lost to Quarry once again via KO in the third round.
Sell made his second appearance on The Ultimate Fighter as a trainer for Team Serra for season 6, .
Sell has dropped down to welterweight for his latest matches; a victory over Josh Burkman at UFC 90, and a knockout loss to Matt Brown at UFC 96.
His match against Brown was somewhat controversial, as referee Yves Lavigne pulled Matt Brown off of a stunned Pete Sell early in the bout, but quickly after ordered both men to resume fighting. After the event, Sell was still visibly dazed, and was unable to mount any offense, or competently defend himself. Eventually Brown knocked Sell out with a series of punches 1:32 into the first round.
Post-UFC career.
After a two year hiatus from MMA, Sell finally made his return and defeated Elijah Harshbarger via armbar in the second round at Ring of Combat XXXVI.

</doc>
<doc id="5903385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903385" title="Raffaelle Monti">
Raffaelle Monti

Raffaele Monti (1818–1881) was an Italian sculptor, author and poet born in Milan. He studied under his father, the noted sculptor Gaetano Matteo Monti in the Imperial Academy. He was invited to Vienna while aged only 20 where he received extensive patronage, he subsequently returned to Milan in 1840. In 1846 Monti travelled to England for the year, and later settled there.
Monti exhibited at the Royal Academy, and soon earned recognition as a leading sculptor with his piece for the 6th Duke of Devonshire, the "Veiled Vestal" a figure with illusionistic veil, a specialism of his. A bust based on this work, cast in Parian porcelain by Copeland titled "The Bride", but often known as "The Veiled Bride", was issued in 1861 by the Crystal Palace Art Union. This bust became one of the most popular Parian busts ever produced.
Monti produced sculptures working in marble, but he also created in metals and porcelain, while he remained active in the applied arts.

</doc>
<doc id="5903392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903392" title="Panis (disambiguation)">
Panis (disambiguation)

Panis may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5903401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903401" title="Benjamin Lense">
Benjamin Lense

Benjamin Lense (born 30 November 1978) is a former German footballer.
Lense made 64 appearances in the Bundesliga during his playing career.

</doc>
<doc id="5903407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903407" title="Italian Baroque Music">
Italian Baroque Music

Popular Classics is Ahmet Kanneci's sixth album.
Track listing.
"Giorgio Zamboni Romand's Sonata Nr. 6 "
"Domenico Scarlatti's Four Sonatas"
"Giuseppe Antonio Brescianello's Partita in E minor"
"Domenico Cimarosa's Ten Sonatas

</doc>
<doc id="5903412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903412" title="Velyki Sorochyntsi">
Velyki Sorochyntsi

Velyki Sorochyntsi (, , tranlit. "Velikiye Sorochintsy" or "Bol'shiye Sorochintsy"; formerly referred to simply as Sorochyntsi) is a village in the Poltava Oblast (province) of central Ukraine. It can be translated as the Grand Sorochyntsi. The village is located in the Myrhorodsky Raion (district) of the oblast, at around , and is famous as both the birthplace of the great writer Nikolai Gogol () and the location of the Sorochyntsi Fair.
The current estimated population is around 4,037 (as of 2006 ).
The name of the village came either from the Slavic word "Soroka" (magpie) or "Sorochka" (shirt). There are many legends explaining the name of the village as the location of the Magpie's kingdom or of some magical shirt.
History.
The earliest recorded mention of the settlement is in the 1620s. In 1646, the village became the domain of a Polish Prince from the Wiśniowiecki family. By the end of the 17th and beginning of the 18th centuries, the village was the location of a Cossack regimental government headed by the future hetman, Danylo Apostol, who in 1670 founded the "Sorochynski Mikhailovsky Monastery". He went on to build the Ukrainian baroque "Church of the Transfiguration" (, translit. "Preobrazhens'ka tsekrva") in 1732, also in Sorochyntsi, where he was buried two years later. (Nikolai Gogol was later baptized in this same church. [http://www.imath.kiev.ua/~skolyada/kolyady.html])
Since the middle of the 18th century, the large Sorochyntsi Fair (, translit. "Natsiolnal'nyi Sorochyns'kyi yarmarok", , translit. "Sorochinskaya yarmarka") has been held in Velyki Sorochyntsi. Recurring five times a year in the time of the Russian Empire, the fair is now held annually since its revival after a 40-year moratorium during Soviet rule. Since the Presidential Decree of August 18, 1999 the fair bears the status of the National trade fair [http://www.ukraine-eu.mfa.gov.ua/eu/ua/publication/content/4225.htm. The fair is a large showcase for traditional handicrafts made by skilled craftsmen, including Reshetilivka embroidery, rugs, Opishnya ceramics, as well theatrical performers who re-enact scenes of village life from famous Ukrainian stories.
From 1925 to 1931 the city was called Neronovychi after the Ukrainian People's Secretary of Military Affairs, Yevhen Neronovych.
Famous people.
On , famous writer Nikolai Gogol was born in Velyki Sorochyntsi. His short story The Fair at Sorochintsï made the small village, and its fair, world-famous. 
On August 23, 1911, a monument to Nikolai Gogol (by the famous Russian sculptor Ilya Ginzburg) was installed in the village. There is also the Gogol Memorial Museum in the village. In 1983 Soviet Union issued a postal stamp showing the monument and the museum.
In 1845, the great Ukrainian poet Taras Shevchenko visited the village for the archeologial commission, compiling the history and architecture of Poltavshchyna. There has been a street named in his honor in this village for over a half a century.
Once being categorized as a town the village is also a birthplace of other notable Ukrainians such as Hetman Danylo Apostol, writer Volodymyr Samiylenko, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="5903418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903418" title="Priest–penitent privilege in pre-Reformation England">
Priest–penitent privilege in pre-Reformation England

The doctrine of priest–penitent privilege does not apply in the United Kingdom. However, before the Reformation, England was a Roman Catholic country and the Seal of the Confessional had great authority in the English courts.
Anglo-Saxon England.
In Anglo-Saxon England, there several laws concerning confession. The laws of Edward the Elder, son of Alfred the Great, enjoin:
This injunction is repeated in the forty-fourth of the secular laws of King Canute. These laws are prefaced thus: "This then is the secular law which by the counsel of my witan I will that it be observed all over England".
The laws of King Ethelred the Unready declare (V, 22):
The very close connexion between the religion of the Anglo-Saxons and their laws, many of which are purely ordinances of religious observance enacted by the state, the repeated recognition of the supreme jurisdiction of the Pope, and the various instances of the application in the Church in England of the laws of the Church in general lead to the opinion that the ecclesiastical law of the secrecy of confession was recognized by the law of the land in Anglo-Saxon England.
After the Norman Conquest.
In the period between the Norman Conquest and the Reformation the law of the Church in general, as to the inviolability of the seal of confession, is stringently enjoined by English councils. The Council of Durham (1220) declared as follows:
The Provincial Council of Oxford, held in 1222, contains a similar canon, in which degradation is prescribed for any breach of the seal. We find the law, as laid down by the 21st canon of the Lateran Council, declared in the Acts of the Synod of Exeter in 1287 (Spelman, "Concilia", II, 357).
The fact that the laws of the Church were so emphatic on the subject, coupled with the fact that the Church was then the Church of the nation, affords good ground for inferring that the secular courts recognized the seal. The recognition of it would not have rested on any principle of immunity from disclosure of confidential communications made to clergymen. It would have rested on the fact that confession was a sacrament, on the fact of that necessity for it which the doctrine of the Church laid down, on the fact of the practice of it by both king and people, and on the fact that the practice was wholly a matter of spiritual discipline and one, moreover, in regard to which the Church had so definitely declared the law of absolute secrecy.
It is stated by some, among others by the Commissioners appointed to report upon the ecclesiastical courts in their report published in 1883, that the ecclesiastical courts in England did not regard themselves as bound by the rules of canon law framed by the Church outside England, by the various papal decrees, rescripts "etc". But the Commissioners add that these courts paid great respect and attention to these rules, decrees "etc". There seems to be so much weighty evidence against this view that it is difficult to accept it. Sir Frederick Pollock and Professor Frederic William Maitland in their joint "History of English Law" (I, 94 and 95) say that the "jus commune" or common law of the universal Church was the law of the Church in England. In this connexion important material is contained in the "Provinciale" of William Lyndwood (Oxford, 1679), arguably the only great English canonist.
The "Provinciale".
The "Provinciale" consists of the provincial constitutions of fourteen Archbishops of Canterbury from Stephen Langton (d. 1228) to Henry Chichele (d. 1443). When Lyndwood was engaged on this compilation he was the principal official of the Archbishop of Canterbury. He had been, also, the prolocutor of the clergy in the Convocation of Canterbury. 
Maitland, in his essays on "Roman Canon Law in the Church of England", expresses the opinion that the ecclesiastical courts in England regarded the general body of canon law, including the various papal decrees and rescripts and the commentaries of the various great writers, as their law, which they had to administer. In citing Lyndwood as providing grounds for this opinion Maitland says: "At any rate he will state the law which he administers in the chief of all the English ecclesiastical courts".
In the "Provinciale" there is a constitution of "Walter, Archbishop of Canterbury", apparently Walter Reynolds, transferred from the See of Worcester in 1313. The constitution begins with a prohibition to priests who have fallen into mortal sin to say mass without first going to confession and warning them against imagining, as some believers erroneously do, that mortal sins are forgiven by the general confession made in the recitation of the "Confiteor". It continues as follows:
Lyndwood on confession.
Lyndwood gives the following commentary on Walter Reynolds' constitution, occurring upon the word "Confession":
Dealing with the priest's being found guilty of revealing a confession, he says:
He states that Henry de Bohic:
Lyndwood then continues as follows:
Upon the word "generaliter" there is the following comment:
He cites Hostiensis in support. It is to be observed that there is nowhere an exception in respect of the crime of treason. His commentary on the duty of not disclosing the confession of a crime proposed to be committed tends to show that he would not have recognized any such exception.
"Pupilla oculi".
A manual, called "Pupilla oculi" (see Gasquet, "Pre-Reformation Essays"), which appears to have been mainly designed for practical use among the clergy, was compiled towards the end of the fourteenth century by John de Burgh, a professor of theology and Chancellor of the University of Cambridge. According to Edward Badeley who wrote in 1865 a most able pamphlet on the privilege of the seal of confession entitled "The Privilege of Religious Confessions in English Courts of Justice", this manual, to which Maitland also refers, enjoyed great popularity. Its counsels to confessors who may happen to be witnesses in a court of justice are sufficiently like those already cited from Lyndwood's "Provinciale" to render it unnecessary to quote them.
Analysis from the Catholic Encyclopedia.
The Catholic Encyclopedia provides the following analysis:
The Catholic Encyclopedia goes on to quote Maitland on what it regards as "remarkable evidence of the acceptance of the decrees of the Council of Lateran in England". Speaking of trial by ordeal he says:
The order, thereupon, proceeds to suggest certain rules for the judges to follow.

</doc>
<doc id="5903424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903424" title="Salammbô (Mussorgsky)">
Salammbô (Mussorgsky)

Salammbô title: The Libyan () is an unfinished opera in 4 acts by Modest Mussorgsky. The fragmentary Russian language libretto was written by the composer, and is based on the novel "Salammbô" (1862) by Gustave Flaubert, but includes verses taken from poems by Vasily Zhukovsky, Apollon Maykov, Alexander Polezhayev, and other Russian poets.
"Salammbô" was Mussorgsky's first major attempt at an opera. He worked on the project from 1863 to 1866, completing six numbers before losing interest.
History.
Composition history.
The Russian translation of Flaubert's 1862 novel was published serially in the Saint Petersburg journal "Otechestvennye Zapiski" in 1863, and was read with enthusiasm by the six members of the commune in which the composer was then living. Mussorgsky was likely influenced in his choice of subject by having recently heard Aleksandr Serov's "Judith", which premiered on 16 May 1863, and which shares with "Salammbô" an exotic setting and similar narrative details.
The unfinished vocal score consists of three scenes and three separate numbers:
Two numbers (No.2 and No.5) were orchestrated by the composer.
The chorus of priestesses and warriors (Act 2, Scene 2, Episode 3: "After the theft of the Zaimph") is a reworking of the "Scene in the Temple: Chorus of the People", the only surviving number from "Oedipus in Athens" (1858-1861), Mussorgsky's earliest stage-work.
In Mathô's monologue in the dungeon (the passage "I shall die alone"), the text is borrowed from the poem "Song of the Captive Iroquois", by Alexander Polezhayev. The theme of this passage, accompanying a new text, was recycled in 1877 in the chorus "Joshua" Subsequent use of musical materials in this article for more details.
Mussorgsky's orchestration in "Salammbô" is quite ahead of its time. One example of a modern idea is, in the projected scoring for the "Hymn to Tanit" (Act 2, Scene 2), the abundance and variety of percussion, in addition to a mixture of pianos, harps, and glockenspiels of a sort which only reappeared fifty years later.
Publication history.
1939, Vocal Score, in "M.P. Mussorgsky: Complete Collected Works", Muzgiz, Moscow
Performance history.
The first staged performance of "Salammbô" took place at the Teatro di San Carlo, Naples, on 29 March 1983 in a version revised and edited by Zoltán Peskó. The work was repeated on 30 March and on 1, 2 and 6 April. It had originally been agreed that the role of Salammbô in these performances would be sung by Lyudmila Shemchuk and that of Mathô by Georgy Seleznev, but the Soviet authorities subsequently withdrew the exit visas of both singers, and they were substituted by Annabelle Bernard and Boris Bakov respectively. Because of these enforced changes it was necessary to postpone the date of the premiere from 26 to 29 March.
Synopsis.
Setting
Act 1.
"Scene": Hamilcar's Garden in Carthage
Act 2.
"Scene 1":
"Scene 2": The Temple of Tanit in Carthage
Act 3.
"Scene 1": The Temple of Moloch
"Scene 2":
Act 4.
"Scene 1": The Dungeon of the Acropolis
"Scene 2":
Subsequent use of musical materials.
Mussorgsky reused much of the music from "Salammbô" in later works:
The 'Song of the Balearic Islander' () was included by the composer in a collection of his juvenilia composed between 1857 and 1866 called "Youthful Years" (", Yunïye godï", 1866). The song is No. 17 in the series of manuscripts consisting of 17 songs and one duet.
Several measures of Salammbô's dialogue with the crowd were used in the 1867 tone poem "St. John's Night on the Bare Mountain" (but appear rather to have been used in the later adaptation of this work, "Dream Vision of the Peasant Lad", 1880):
Several musical themes from this project were recycled and played important roles in the composer's subsequent opera "Boris Godunov" (1869–1872). The borrowings concern the orchestral accompaniments only, which are fitted to new vocal lines. The correspondence in narrative detail, mood, or atmosphere in each case is often quite close: 
The 'War Song of the Libyans' () from Act 1 became the basis of the chorus "Iisus Navin" (), better known as "Joshua", for alto, baritone, chorus, and piano, composed in 1877. An orchestral edition prepared by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov was published in 1883. The theme of the middle section of "Joshua", a solo for alto and a brief women's chorus, "The women of Canaan weep", said to be of Jewish origin by Vladimir Stasov and Rimsky-Korsakov, is based on part of Mathô's monologue in the dungeon, "I shall die alone" (Act 4, Scene 1).
The 'Chorus of Priestesses' (Act 4, Scene 2) was orchestrated by Rimsky-Korsakov (1884), and published and performed as an independent piece after Mussorgsky's death (1881).
Versions by other hands.
Zoltán Peskó was the first to orchestrate the rest of the numbers. Peskó claims to have found a Mussorgsky orchestration of No. 1 in the library of the Paris Conservatory, but this version has disappeared.

</doc>
<doc id="5903447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903447" title="Chettinad Vidyashram">
Chettinad Vidyashram

Chettinad Vidyashram is a private school which was founded by the Kumara Rani of Chettinad Meena Muthiah in 1986. She is affectionately called "Meena Aunty" by her students. The school is located in the R. A. Puram area in the city of Chennai, India. The principal is Amudha Lakshmi. The school is one of the biggest schools in Chennai, with about 800 faculty members and around ten thousand students. Chettinad students are also called "CV'ians".
The school enrolls children from kindergarten to high school. It is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, India. The medium of instruction is English. The other languages taught are Hindi, Tamil, Sanskrit, French and German. It was named the Best School in Chennai by "The Times of India" in February 2014.
History.
In 1986, Kumara Rani Meena Muthiah, founded the school with a motivation "to start an educational centre, combining the virtues of a Temple of Art and Culture - a dedicated school that blends discipline with freedom, endeavoring to raise the integrated child".
Facilities.
The school has, five science laboratories, one biotechnology laboratory, two mathematics laboratories, two language laboratories and two audio-visual theatres with multi-media projection systems. Chettinad Vidyashram has Biotechnology as a specialization for class XI & XII students. 
The students perform Sanskrit and Tamil plays. 
The school has a NCC and Girl Guides wing.
The annual sports days are conducted in September, an inter-school cultural meet (Maithri) or Science fair (Trishna) is held in October/November/December, and an Annual Day in February. Students of Classes IX and XI host a Farewell Party for the outgoing students in February every year. There is a reunion party for the alumni, on the last Sunday of June every year. 
The Tamil and Hindi literary clubs organize competitions. Occasionally, events of public importance like blood donation camps are held. 
The school has an annual magazine called "Vision".
The school has many amenities.
It has a well equipped library with books for all the levels of education and can be borrowed with the permission of the librarian.
The 5 lane swimming pool which was built for bringing up the activity of swimming into play has been a platform for students to showcase their swimming talents and to let out stress.

</doc>
<doc id="5903449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903449" title="Martin Meichelbeck">
Martin Meichelbeck

Martin Meichelbeck (born 21 November 1976) is a retired German football defender.
Career.
Meichelbeck was born in Bamberg (Franconia). His first football club was FC Baunach. He played one season in the youth team of 1. FC Nuremberg. The next clubs were 1. FC Bamberg and SpVgg Jahn Forchheim.
SpVgg Greuther Fürth.
The professional career of Meichelbeck started at 2. Bundesliga club SpVgg Greuther Fürth in 1998. At this point, he decided to start a professional football career. He was still studying medicine till that time. Meichelbeck played for SpVgg Greuther Fürth until 2000.
VfL Bochum.
In 2000, Meichelbeck moved to VfL Bochum. Meichelbeck is the player who has played the most matches for VfL Bochum in the 2007–08 squad. Highlights of this period are his one UEFA Cup match with VfL Bochum against Standard Liège and one match with the German Team 2006. He also relegated and promoted twice with his club. In his professional career, Meichelbeck has gotten only one red card.
SpVgg Greuther Fürth.
In 2008 Meichelbeck return to SpVgg Greuther Fürth for two seasons.
Personal.
Meichelbeck is often seen as a not very stereotypical football player. He is studying Social Behaviour Science at the FernUniversität Hagen. He had eleven years piano lessons and is still a devoted piano player in his free time.

</doc>
<doc id="5903454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903454" title="James H. Austin">
James H. Austin

James H. Austin is an American neurologist and author. He is the author of the book "Zen and the Brain", which aims to establish links between the neurological workings of the human brain and the practice of meditation, which won the Scientific and Medical Network Book Prize for 1998. He has written two sequels to it: "Zen-Brain Reflections" (February, 2006), and "Selfless Insight" (2009). 
Career.
Austin has been an academic neurologist for most of his career, first at the University of Oregon Medical School, then at the University of Colorado School of Medicine. He is currently a clinical professor of neurology at the University of Missouri School of Medicine. His research and publications included work in the areas of clinical neurology, neuropathology, neurochemistry and neuropharmacology.
Experience with Zen.
Austin has been a practicing Zen Buddhist since 1974, when he began as a student of the late Rinzai roshi Kobori Nanrei Sohaku. 
After eight years of regular Zen meditation, Austin experienced the taste of what Zen practice calls kensho. The chief characteristic of this experience was a loss of the sense of "self" which is so central to human identity, plus a feeling that this is the way all things really are in the world. While he was on a sabbatical in England, he was waiting for a subway train when he suddenly felt a sense of enlightenment unlike anything he had ever experienced. In Austin's words, "It strikes unexpectedly at 9 am on the surface platform of the London subway system. to a mistake ... I wind up at a station where I have never been before...The view includes the dingy interior of the station, some grimy buildings, a bit of open sky above and beyond. Instantly the entire view acquires three qualities: Absolute Reality, Intrinsic Rightness, Ultimate Perfection." 
" With no transition, it is all complete...Yes, there is the paradox of this extraordinary viewing. But there is no viewer. The scene is utterly empty, stripped of every last extension of an I-Me-Mine name for ego-self. Vanished in one split second is the familiar sensation that this person is viewing an ordinary city scene. The new viewing proceeds impersonally, not pausing to register the paradox that there is no human subject "doing" it. Three insights penetrate the experiant, each conveying Total Understanding at depths far beyond simple knowledge: This is the eternal state of affairs. There is nothing more to do. There is nothing whatsoever to fear."
Austin writes that when his former subjective self was no longer there to form biased interpretations this experience conveyed the impression of "objective reality.”As a neurologist, he interpreted his experience as "proof of the existence of the brain." This and other experiences and research led him to write "Zen and the Brain".

</doc>
<doc id="5903522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903522" title="PIA Flight 688">
PIA Flight 688

Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) Flight 688 (PK688, PIA688) was scheduled to operate from Multan to Lahore and Islamabad at 12:05 pm on 10 July 2006. It crashed into a field after bursting into flames a few minutes after takeoff from Multan International Airport. All 41 passengers and four crewmembers on board were killed.
Victims.
The victims included Asmatullah Khan (Manager Legal Services) of Pakistan International Airlines, Justice Muhammad Nawaz Bhatti and Justice Nazir Ahmed Siddiqui, who served on the Lahore High Court. Three military personnel, Vice-Chancellor of Bahauddin Zakariya University, Prof. Dr. Muhammad Naseer Khan, Prof. Dr. Abdul Rauf Sheikh, Professor department of Urdu at Bahauddin Zakariya University, internationally renowned Pakistani Neurosurgeon Prof. Iftikhar Ali Raja and eight women, including two flight attendants and three doctors, were also among those killed. One of the flight attendants was pulled out alive, but later died. A list of names of the passengers and crew killed in the plane crash is available on Dawn's website.
According to the Daily Jang Lahore newspaper, no one was pulled alive from the plane. 
Incident.
The plane lost contact with the Multan International Airport control tower two minutes after takeoff. The aircraft hit an electric power line before crashing into a wheat field. The cause of the crash was reported to be an engine fire. Authorities have ruled out sabotage or terrorist involvement in the crash. Some witnesses reported seeing flames on the aircraft right after takeoff.
Investigation.
A special investigation team has been assembled by PIA that announced they will compile a report about the crash within a week of the accident. At the same time, the Air League of PIA Employees Union has charged the PIA administration with responsibility for the crash. They argue that the airline operated flights with too few crew members, promoted incompetent officials, and carried out substandard overhaul work on aircraft, among other flaws.
Following this incident, all PIA Fokker aircraft were withdrawn from service and replaced with ATR aircraft. Mr. Muhammad Umer Draz Awan, the district manager of Faisalabad immediately visited the site and took control of the area until the Managing Director of PIA reached the site.
Investigation results.
The investigation concluded that errors by ground staff and pilot led to the accident.

</doc>
<doc id="5903534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903534" title="Summer Rain">
Summer Rain

Summer Rain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903538" title="Michael Carlisle">
Michael Carlisle

Sir Michael Carlisle was born in Sheffield and educated at King Edward VII School (photo), and then the University of Sheffield where he studied mechanical engineering. 
Career.
After service in the Royal Navy, he spent his working life in the marine engineering industry, supplying and reconditioning major engine components for large marine diesel engines, from UK and overseas factories and joint ventures. From 1969, he was involved with the NHS, and served as Chairman of many Authorities and Trusts, including Trent Regional Health Authority from 1982-94. He was a Council Member of the Medical Research Council from 1991-95 and on the NHS Policy Board 1994-95. He was awarded a knighthood in 1985.
Sir Michael Carlisle joined the University Council of the University of York in 1990, and became a Pro-Chancellor in November 2000, and also Vice-Chair of Council. He has been a member of several University Committees, including Policy and Resources during the tenure of the current Vice-Chancellor and his predecessor. He is a member of the University Court. He has also served as Chair of the York Health Economics Consortium, and as a non-executive director of York Science Park Ltd since its incorporation. He was also a non-executive director of several other companies.He was a member of the HYMS Board since it was established until 2007. 
From 2007 to 2012 he was Chairman of Scarborough & N E Yorkshire Healthcare Trust,and led the strategy to integrate that Trust with York Hospital NHS FT, to eliminate the outstanding debt and provide further capital expenditure. He also served as Lay Chair of the Fitness to Practise Committee of the Hull York Medical School (HYMS). He holds honorary degrees of LLD from the Universities of Sheffield and Nottingham, and a D Univ from York in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="5903546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903546" title="Marcel Maltritz">
Marcel Maltritz

Marcel Maltritz (born 2 October 1978 in Magdeburg) is a retired German footballer.
Career.
1. FC Magdeburg.
On 2 October 1978 Maltritz was born in Magdeburg (then East Germany). He first played for "TuS Magdeburg-Neustadt" (until 1986) and then joined the 1. FC Magdeburg. He played for this club from 1986 until 1998. The 1. FC Magdeburg played on the highest level in the GDR but after the German reunification the club finished 10th in the final season of the DDR-Oberliga and was thus only qualified for the NOFV-Oberliga Mitte on the third level of the reunified German league pyramid. When Maltritz left the club in December 1998 they played in the Regionalliga. At the end of the season 1. FC Magdeburg was relegated to the fourth level.
VfL Wolfsburg.
The VfL Wolfsburg was newly promoted to the Bundesliga when Maltritz joined the club in the winter break 1998–99. Wolfsburg, financially supported by Volkswagen, developed very well and even reached the third round of the UEFA Cup in the 1999–2000 season. At the end of the 2000–01 season Maltritz left the club and went to Hamburg.
Hamburger SV.
The Hamburger SV is one of the traditional major clubs in the Bundesliga. In the 2002–03 season the club from the north finished fourth and qualified for the 2003–04 UEFA Cup. On 28 July 2003 Maltritz won his first major trophy: the 2003 German League Cup. At the end of the 2003–04 season Maltritz moved to the VfL Bochum.
VfL Bochum.
The VfL Bochum had just finished its most successful season with a fifth place and qualification to the UEFA Cup when Maltritz joined the club. But the club was eliminated in the first round of the 2004–05 UEFA Cup by Standard Liège and even relegated to the 2. Bundesliga at the end of the season. Maltritz stayed loyal to his club and helped Bochum to promote directly back to the highest level. In the 2006–07 season the VfL Bochum ended at the eighth place, which was the third best Bundesliga result in club history. 
Statistics.
1 2010–11 includes the 2. Bundesliga/Bundesliga promotion/regelation playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="5903556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903556" title="Juicy Love">
Juicy Love

"Juicy Love" (stylized as "juicy LOVE") is The Grace's 4th Japanese under the Rhythm Zone label and was released in both CD and CD+DVD (Limited Edition) versions. "Juicy Love" has been described as a hybrid reggae track, combining both a sweet lovers' rock melody and up-tempo dancehall beats and features Japanese reggae artist, Corn Head. The single also comes with "さよならの向こうに" ("Sayonara no Mukou ni", "On the Other Side of Goodbye) which features group member Dana on main vocals. Each single thus far has featured a b-side with a different member on lead vocals each time and now with Dana's "Sayonara no mukou ni", all four members have featured on a track. It ranked #162 on the Oricon charts and charted for 1 week, selling 487 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="5903560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903560" title="Thurmond">
Thurmond

Thurmond can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903597" title="Las Vegas Springs Preserve">
Las Vegas Springs Preserve

Las Vegas Springs Preserve consists of dedicated to nature walks and displays and is owned and operated by the Las Vegas Valley Water District. The Preserve is located approximately three miles west of downtown Las Vegas, Nevada. The Preserve is built around the original water source for Las Vegas, the Las Vegas Springs.
The Springs Preserve includes colorful desert botanical gardens, museum galleries, outdoor concert and event venues, an indoor theater, historic photo gallery and a series of walking trails that meander through a wetland habitat.
The Gardens at the Las Vegas Springs Preserve, previously known as the Desert Demonstration Gardens opened in 1980 at another location. The gardens now occupy within the Springs Preserve site.
History.
While construction on the preserve began in 2005, the custom designed sound wall separating the site from U.S. Route 95 had been erected earlier. There also was work over the years to maintain and restore the springs, the waterworks and infrastructure of the springs. The Preserve opened on June 8, 2007.
Green building efforts.
The Preserve shows people how to live in the desert environment and how to take advantage of what is available. Part of this project showcases a dual use concept. For example, the parking area is actually the roof of the reservoir and the shade structures in various areas are photovoltaic cells used to generate power for the site. 
The gardens also use a fleet of hydrogen powered utility vehicles. The vehicles are refueled on site by a solar powered hydrogen fueling station.

</doc>
<doc id="5903600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903600" title="Bucharest Airport (disambiguation)">
Bucharest Airport (disambiguation)

Bucharest Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903611" title="Synical">
Synical

Synical are an alternative rock act based in Hollywood, California, formed in 1989 by Brian Haught and continuing on today. Guitarist Eric Griffin later went on to play with the band Murderdolls, fronted by the iconic Wednesday 13.
History.
Synical was formed by Brian Haught as a solo project in Georgia, United States in 1989. It started out as a musical project using state of the art electronics with limited rock based instruments. Haught was heavy influenced by English acts New Order and Depeche Mode as well as North American acts Ministry, Nine Inch Nails and Skinny Puppy. The project began to flesh out with various local musicians as Brian began to shape the musical output into something much more original.
Haught toured as Synical for many years before moving to a new band in Atlanta. Racci Shay (later of industrial rock band Dope) joined as the bands new drummer.
During 1998 looking to reach an even wider audience, Synical relocated to Hollywood, California, Racci left the group and joined the Genitorturers. Ivan DePrume of White Zombie briefly stepped in to replace Shay.
Two Boston natives were discovered in Hollywood by Brian and joined the band - Eric Griffin on guitar, and Ben Graves on drums, and the band was completed by art school student and bass guitarist Brent Ashley. Synical played several sold out Hollywood shows and began to attract more attention. In 2002 Griffin and Graves left to concentrate on Murderdolls commitments and Brent Ashley left and joined the Dreaming with Chris Hall of Stabbing Westward. The band took part in several compilations released via Cleopatra Records, including:
Eric Griffin is once again involved with Synical and the band are recording “"Quit While You’re Behind"” during the summer/fall of 2011. The project will be released as a Dual disc release featuring a DVD filmed live in Hollywood at "the King King" including a new video for ""Low Quality Guy"". David Black has joined as bass/keyboardist and will be performing live.
In September 2011, Synical announced their signing to French record label Deadlight Entertainment (Undercover Slut, Prophets Of Addiction, New Rising Son, Sister) for the release of their album "Quit While You're behind" released Dec 17, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5903613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903613" title="Frenship Independent School District">
Frenship Independent School District

Frenship Independent School District is a public school district based in Wolfforth, Texas (USA). 
In addition to Wolfforth, the district serves western portions of Lubbock and southwestern Lubbock County. A small part of Hockley County also lies within the district. 6,647 students are enrolled at Frenship ISD.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
Frenship ISD has a total of eleven schools. Three schools are located in Wolfforth, seven in the city of Lubbock, and one in Lubbock County. Frenship ISD was nominated "best school nationwide" in May, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="5903615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903615" title="Frederick Koehler">
Frederick Koehler

Frederick Koehler (born June 16, 1975) is an American actor best known for his role as Chip Lowell on "Kate & Allie" as well as Andrew Schillinger on the HBO drama "Oz".
Later life.
After "Kate & Allie", Koehler attended Carnegie Mellon University, from where he said he received "a huge education in theater".

</doc>
<doc id="5903626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903626" title="Daniel Imhof">
Daniel Imhof

Daniel Wendel Imhof (born 22 November 1977 in Wil, Switzerland) is a retired Canadian footballer who last played for St. Gallen.
Club career.
Early life.
He was born in Switzerland but his parents immigrated to Canada when he was four. Imhof grew up in Smithers, British Columbia and started a study to become a sport teacher at the University of Victoria. In this period he was key player of the university's soccer team. His two brothers play in the lower leagues in Switzerland; Dominic Imhof plays for FC Tuggen and Christoph Imhof played for FC Gossau. He also has a younger sister, Angela Imhof.
Switzerland.
During the spring of 1998 Imhof went to Europe in order to secure a place in a European football club. Relatives had arranged for him to take part in a training session at their local Swiss Second Division club FC Wil, after which Marcel Koller, the head coach, offered him his first professional contract. Two years later Imhof followed Koller to his next club, FC St.Gallen with whom he would win the Swiss Super League.
VfL Bochum.
During the summer of 2005 Imhof followed coach Koller to a new club for the second time by joining German 2. Bundesliga club VfL Bochum. In 2006, after Imhof's first season with Bochum, the club was promoted to the Bundesliga. When Imhof's contract expired in 2007, Bochum was at first reluctant to offer him a new contract as Imhof had not seen consistent playing time during the previous season due to injury. However, as Bochum were unable to find an adequate replacement for Imhof, he was offered a new one year contract. Ironically, Imhof appeared in the majority of matches for Bochum during the 2007–08 season, and following the season it was rumoured that clubs such as Middlesbrough F.C. of the English Premier League, and Celtic F.C. of the Scottish Premier League were interested in him.
Return to St. Gallen.
On 14 January 2010, he announced his return to FC St. Gallen, leaving VfL Bochum and the Bundesliga after four and half years.
International career.
He made his debut for Canada in an October 2000 World Cup qualification match against Panama. As of November 2009, he has earned a total of 36 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented Canada in 13 FIFA World Cup qualification matches. He has also played at the 2001 Confederations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5903643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903643" title="List of Sydney Roosters honours">
List of Sydney Roosters honours

The following is a list of titles that the National Rugby League club, the Sydney Roosters, have won.
Premierships (13)
Runners-up (15)
Minor Premierships (17)
World Club Challenge titles (3)
Club Championships (12)
Pre-Season Cup Titles (4)
Amco Cup Titles (2)
City Cup Titles (3)
Foundation Cup Titles (4)
Sevens Title
Second Grade Titles (9)
Third Grade Titles (14)
Presidents Cup (15)
S. G. Ball Cup (3)

</doc>
<doc id="5903653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903653" title="Fanny Waterman">
Fanny Waterman

Dame Fanny Waterman, DBE (born 22 March 1920) is a piano teacher, and the founder, Chairman and Artistic Director of the Leeds International Pianoforte Competition. She is also president of the Harrogate International Music Festival.
Life.
Waterman was born in Leeds; her father, Myer Waterman, a Russian Jew, had emigrated to England to work as a jeweller. She began to study with Tobias Matthay when she was 17; she started giving public performances, and in 1941 opened the concert season in Leeds with the Leeds Symphony Society. She won a scholarship to the Royal College of Music and studied under Cyril Smith. In 1944, she married Dr. Geoffrey de Keyser and in 1950, with the arrival of her first child, gave up her concert career and concentrated on teaching. By the early 1960s, Waterman felt that young British pianists needed a goal to give them a competitive edge with foreign pianists.
In 1961, jointly with her friend the Countess of Harewood (later Marion Thorpe) and Roslyn Lyons, she founded the Leeds International Pianoforte Competition. She is Artistic Director of the competition and, since 1981, chairman of the competition jury. Her contribution to the city of Leeds was recognised in April 2006, when she was given the Freedom of the City of Leeds.
Waterman was Director of the Postgraduate Certificate in Advanced Piano Performance at Leeds College of Music until 2006.
Waterman was the guest for BBC Radio Four's "Desert Island Discs" in July 2010.
Although then aged 90, she was still teaching masterclasses and continued to be involved with every detail of the Leeds competition. "They call me Field Marshal Fanny" she said, "I am a busy breeches."
Honours.
Waterman was appointed OBE in 1971, CBE in 2001 and DBE in the 2005 New Year Honours. She was also awarded the degree of Doctor of Music (DMus) honoris causa by the University of Leeds in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="5903655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903655" title="History of the Jews in the Republic of Macedonia">
History of the Jews in the Republic of Macedonia

The history of the Jews in the Republic of Macedonia stretches back two thousand years.
The history of Jews in the territory of the present-day Republic of Macedonia began during Roman antiquity, when Jews first arrived in the region. Today, following the Holocaust and immigration to Israel, around 200 Jews reside in the Republic of Macedonia, mostly in the capital, Skopje and a few in Štip and Bitola.
Ancient Roman times.
The first Jews arrived in the area now known as Republic of Macedonia during Roman times, when Jews fled persecution in other Roman territories, with some settling in Macedonia. The presence of Jews in Macedonia is proved by Agrippa's letter to Caligula
At Stobi, in 165 AD, Tiberius Polycharmus, who is designated “father of the synagogue,” converted his villa into a synagogue containing a prayer hall, a dining hall (triclinium) and a portico, reserving the upper story of the complex for his residence and that of his successors. The information comes from a very impressive and informative inscription, arguably the most important one found to date in a Diaspora synagogue.
The remnants of a Jewish synagogue excavated in Stobi (Macedonia) date back to that period and the conclusion that a developed Jewish Community existed in that locality those days is based on these findings.
Medieval times.
The Jewish community persisted in Macedonia after Roman rule. The First Crusade devastated the Jewish population in Pelagonia and Skopje. However, the Jews in Macedonia continued to have prominent members of their communities. For instance, Leon Mung, the Philosopher, converted to Christianity and succeeded Theophilactus of Ohrid as the archbishop of Ohrid from 1108-1120. He later became the physician of the king of Majorca, where he assembled a vast library that was used by scholars for centuries to come. The first known synagogue in Skopje, Beth Aharon, was built in 1366.
Ottoman Rule and Sephardic migrations.
The area's Jewish community remained small well into Ottoman times, with the next major influx of Jews to the area coming with the Spanish and Portuguese Inquisitions, and Sultan Bayezid II of the Ottoman Empire welcomed Jews who were able to reach his territories. They were granted significant autonomy, with various rights including the right to buy real estate, to build synagogues and to conduct trade throughout the Ottoman Empire. Wealthy merchant cities in the present-day Republic of Macedonia such as Skopje, Bitola and Štip attracted many Jews. Jews in this area prospered in the fields of trade, banking, medicine, and law, with some even reaching positions of power. The Jewish cemetery in Bitola was established in 1497, soon after the first Sephardic Jews moved to the area. The cemetery is the oldest Jewish cemetery in Macedonia, if not in the Balkans overall.
Relations between the Jews and the local non-Jewish population were generally good. Confirmation of good conditions for Jews in Macedonia and Ottoman Europe in general comes from a 15th-century letter from the Macedonian Jew, Isaac Jarfati, sent to German and Hungarian Jews advising them of the favorable conditions in the Ottoman Empire, and encouraging them to immigrate to the Balkans. An Italian traveler wrote in 1560 that in Skopje Jews exceeded other populations in number. In the 17th century, there were 3,000 Jews and two synagogues in Skopje, Beit Aron and Beit Yaacov. In 1680, Nathan of Gaza died and was buried in Skopje. His burial place was a pilgrimage site after his death, but it would not become a permanent pilgrimage site, since it was destroyed in World War II.
At one point, Bitola had nine synagogues, Skopje three and Štip had two.
Several notable Jewish philosophers are born or lived for a time in Macedonia, including Samuel de Medina, Josef ben Lev, Shlomo Koen, Blazevski, Jaakov tam David Yahia, Ishaak ben Samuel Adrabi, Aharon ben Josef Sason, and Sal- amon.
Piccolomini's burning down of Skopje in 1688-1689 and a massive fire in Bitola in 1863 significantly diminished the Jewish population in Macedonia in the two largest Jewish centers.
The Jewish community was almost entirely Sephardic, and most spoke Ladino at home as opposed to Hebrew. 1895 the Alliance Israelite Universelle established a school in Bitola. More than 30% of Macedonian Jews spoke French at this time.
Jews also took part in the liberation movement against Ottoman rule. A great number of Macedonian Jews participated in the Ilinden-Preobrazhenie Uprising. One of the most notable participants was Rafael Moshe Kamhi who led one of the rebel groups. It was him who took part in the early activities of the movement under the nickname Skandereg ("Skender-beg"). He headed a unit in Debar during the uprising of 1903.
Distribution.
Prior to World War II, the Jewish community of Vardar Macedonia (the area roughly corresponding to the borders of the present-day republic) was centered on Bitola (approximately 8,000 Jews), Skopje (approximately 3,000 Jews) and Štip (approximately 500 Jews). The Jewish communities during WWI in smaller areas, like Dojran and Strumica, that were close to the front line, were significantly affected by the fighting and fled the area. The partition of Macedonia also adversely impacted the Jews in the smaller centers since it deprived them of free flow for most of their merchant activities to the largest Jewish trading center in the Balkans, Thessaloniki.
World War II and the Holocaust.
In March 1941 Bulgaria became an ally of the Axis Powers and in April 1941 the Bulgarian army entered Vardar Macedonia, in a strive to recover the region, which it saw as a natural part of its own national homeland. Ever since its independence movement began in late 19th century, Macedonia had been trying to get free from Turkish (and later Serb) rule, either as an independent state or as part of Bulgaria proper.
Although Bulgaria had effectively occupied the region, German authorities, who were in charge, recognised only the Bulgarian military administration and not the civil one. The Bulgarian occupational zone included neither Thessaloniki, with its over 55,000 Jews, nor the westernmost part of Macedonia, including the towns of Debar, Struga, and Tetovo, which were part of Italian-occupied Albania.
On October 4, 1941, the Bulgarian authorities enacted a law prohibiting Jews from engaging in any form of commerce, and forcing them to sell their businesses to non-Jews. However, such laws were not a novelty for the region since the Kingdom of Yugoslavia had had its own anti-Semitic law enacted as early as 1939. The Bulgarians then ghettoized the Jews of Bitola, forcing them to move from the Jewish areas of the town, which were relatively affluent, to poorer areas of the town.
Bulgarian authorities had already adopted an antisemitic law called "Law on Protection of the Nation" back in January 1941. Over the course of 1942, they enacted increasingly harsh measures against the Jews under their control in Vardar Macedonia, as well as in occupied northern Greece, culminating in 1943 with the deportation on German request of Macedonian and Greek Jewry to the Bulgarian border on the river Danube. From there they were transported with German boats and trains to the extermination camp Treblinka set up by the Nazis in Poland.
Nazi Germany even requested deportation payments from Bulgaria. On February 22, 1943 an agreement was signed between the special Nazi envoy sent to facilitate the deportations, Theodor Dannecker and the Bulgarian Commissar for Jewish Affairs, Alexander Belev for the deportation of 20,000 Jews (12,000 from Macedonia and Thrace and 8,000 – from the old territory of Bulgaria). This is a unique agreement, that a country has ever signed with Nazi Germany for deportation of Jews. Bulgaria had to pay all transportation costs to the destination and would promise never to claim those citizens! Bulgarian authorities were asked to report to the Germans the actual deportation costs [http://macedoniaonline.eu/content/view/22629/2.However, as recorded in the German Archives recently, the Bulgarian Government even discussed the deportation cost for the Jews of Macedonia and Trace with Nazi Germany from their occupied territory. Documents show that Nazi Germany paid to the Bulgarian Government 7,144.317 leva, for the deportation of 3545 adults and 592 children to the killing camp at Treblinka.
Many Jews joined the partisan liberation movement in Yugoslavia. In Macedonia, Haim Estreya Ovadya, a Jewish woman from Bitola, was among the first women to join the partisan movement in 1941.The day before the deportations, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Macedonia gave the Jewish community advance warning of the deportation. Shelters were organized, as well as connections to the partisan units, but unfortunately, few Jews believed that a program for their destruction was underway and chose to stay together in the ghettos instead. In contrast with the old Bulgarian territories, where widespread protests against the deportations took place, including petitions to the Sofia government, in Macedonia such organized movements were lacking. In the early morning of Thursday, March 11, 1943 Bulgarian police monitored by SS, rounded up the entire Jewish population of Skopje, Bitola and Štip The population was sent to temporary detention center in the state tobacco warehouse known as "Monopol" in Skopje. Among 7,215 people who were detained in warehouses there were:
The Bulgarian government asked for a breakdown of the German plans for the eventual deportees, and was told that roughly one-half will be employed in agriculture in Greater Germany and one-fourth, reported to be semi-skilled laborers, will be "allowed to redeem themselves" by "volunteering to work" in the war industries of the Ruhr, while the remaining one-fourth will be transported to the Gouvernement General (German-occupied Poland) for employment in "work directly connected to the war". This information was also distributed to the neutral countries via German diplomatic channels and was reported on March 24, 1943 in the New York Times from Berne, Switzerland, along with the rather cynical statement that "the former death rate in the Jewish colonies of occupied Poland has shown a considerable decrease in the past three months", with the listed reason being that "now many of the male Jews are employed in army work near the fighting zones", and these receive approximately the same rations as German soldiers. 
Regardless of these misleading reassurances, Bulgaria defended Jews with Bulgarian citizenship from Nazi deportation orders. Hesitant to the German requests to deport non-Bulgarian Jews, in late 1942 and early 1943 the Bulgarian government utilized Swiss diplomatic channels to inquire whether possible deportations of these Jews can happen to British-controlled Palestine by ships from the Black Sea rather than to concentration camps by trains, about which rumors of mistreatment spread, and for which the Germans requested a significant amount of money. However, this attempt was blocked by the British Foreign Minister, Anthony Eden. After this failure, the Bulgarian government finally succumbed to German requests to transport non-Bulgarian Jews to its border on the river Danube, surrendering them to the Nazi German authorities and to their deaths. Thus, the Jewish communities of Bulgarian-controlled Yugoslavia and Greece were almost completely wiped out. There was much harsh treatment before being transported in German cattle-cars to Treblinka. A few dozen Bitola Jews managed to avoid deportation, and four escaped from the transit camp; none of the 3,276 Jews of Bitola deported to Treblinka survived. In 2003, one Jew remained in the city that had been home to a Sephardic community for more than 400 years. Štip's ancient Jewish community was also completely destroyed.
Nevertheless, 48 000 Bulgarian Jews native to the old borders of Bulgaria, were neither deported nor murdered by the Nazis. News of the fate of Thracian and Macedonian Jewry, sparked a strong public reaction. A delegation of Bulgarians with the collaboration of the speaker of parliament, Dimitar Peshev, and 43 parliamentarians, presented a strongly worded protest to the government. Thanks to that lobbying, the intervention of public figures with influence on the regime, and the opposition of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church, the deportation order was canceled.
After the liberation of Vardar Macedonia in 1944, the total number of surviving Jews, according to Society of Jewish Communities in Yugoslavia, was 419. Some sources state that the remnants of the Jewish community re-gathered in Belgrade, Serbia and only about 140 had survived. Most had survived by going into hiding or fighting with the Yugoslav, Jewish partisans. Of those transported to the death camps, nobody survived. Most survivors chose to immigrate to Israel, with some returning to Macedonia, and others remaining in Serbia. As a result of this the number of Jews living in Macedonia drop down to 81 in 1952.
The present.
Presently, the Jewish community of the Republic of Macedonia numbers some 200 people. Almost all live in Skopje, with one family in Štip and a single Jew remaining in Bitola.
The community recently (2003) opened a synagogue, and has a community center in Skopje. The community also maintains ties with Jewish communities in Belgrade and Thessaloniki, while a rabbi travels to Skopje from Belgrade to aid in the conducting of services. The community also recently sent, for the first time, a representative to the annual bible quiz in Israel celebrated every year on Israel's independence day.
Religious revival.
The Macedonian Jewish Community after a long period of 60 years, has a new native Rabbi born in Macedonia, Avi M. Kozma (27 years old), a student of the Chief Rabbi of the Jewish Community in Serbia Isak Asiel, who was also Rabbi of Macedonia.
Rabbi Avi M. Kozma, born in Macedonia, is a graduated student at the Law Faculty in Skopje, Macedonia.
He studied rabbinical studies with his first teacher, mentor and Rabbi, Rabbi Isak Asiel from (2000–2007), and after that he enrolled at the world famous Yeshiva - Rabbinical College Beth midrash Sepharadi in Jerusalem, Israel, led by the world famous rabbinical figure, Rabbi Shlomo Kassin, where Kozma is still studying. Kozma was inaugurated on 5 May 2008 at the Macedonian Synagogue "Beth Yaakov".
The First Balkan Rabbinical Conference was also held there, organized by the Jewish Community in Macedonia "Yeshiva Bet Midrash Sepharadi - Rabbi Shlomo Kassin, World Zionist Organization - Department for Religious Affairs in Diaspora - Jerusalem - Israel", led by Rabbi Yechiel Wasserman and by the Government of the Republic of Macedonia (a commission for relations with religious communities and groups).
For this event, about 25 rabbis from all over the world participated including the Chief Rabbis of Moscow, Croatia, Serbia, Romania, Strasbourg, Paris, Yeshiva Bet Midrash Sepharadi - Rabbi Ezra Kassin and other rabbis from yeshivas who are serving all around the world.
The president of the European Jewish Congress - Mr. Moshe Kantor also participated, as well as a Representative of the JDC, World Jewish Congress, European Jewish Fund and many others. The Conference was hosted, in part, by Gligor Tashkovich, Minister of Foreign Investment of the Republic of Macedonia and he also gave a luncheon address.
This project to train Kozma, to serve in a community where the institution of rabbi didn't exist for 60 years, was supported by the Jewish community in Macedonia, Yeshiva - Rabbinical College Bet Midrash Sepharadi in Jerusalem - Israel and the World Zionist Organization - Department for Religious Affairs in Diaspora - Jerusalem - Israel.
The Holocaust Museum in Skopje.
A new museum dedicated to the memory of Macedonia's Jews who perished in the Holocaust during the Bulgarian rule was inaugurated in the presence of the country's President and representatives of Macedonia's religious communities and international Jewish organizations in 2011. The modern building is located in the heart of what was once the city's Jewish quarter (Macedonian: Еврејско маало), in the center of the Macedonian capital Skopje. Macedonia's Jewish community benefited from a 2002 law providing for the return of heirless Jewish property to the Jewish community, a law that is widely recognized as one of the best in Europe. Macedonia was widely hailed for enabling the Jews to regain their heirloom that was lost in the Holocaust. The museum opened in March 2011, with transferring the urns containing the ashes of Macedonian Jews executed in Treblinka from the Museum of the City of Skopje to the Holocaust Museum. The museum was the first one to be opened in a museum complex that includes the Archeological Museum of Macedonia and the Museum of Macedonian Independence. Major landmarks and tourist attractions, such as the Stone Bridge, Skopje Fortress and the Old Turkish Bazaar are located around the museum.
Macedonian President Dr. Gjorge Ivanov recalled the long history of co-habitation between Jews and Macedonians and said that with the loss of the Jews "a part of Macedonia had been torn out and that on the Jewish streets of Skopje, Bitola and Štip, after the war there was silence." Representatives of the Orthodox, Catholic and Muslim communities joined their Jewish countrymen in the inauguration of the museum. The museum details the history of the Macedonia's Jewish community since ancient times.
World Jewish Congress (WJC) Research Director Laurence Weinbaum pointed out that no Jewish community in Europe had suffered a greater degree of destruction than the Macedonian one.

</doc>
<doc id="5903656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903656" title="Tidal heating">
Tidal heating

Tidal heating (also known as tidal working) occurs through the tidal friction processes: orbital and rotational energy are dissipated as heat in the crust of the moons and planets involved. Io, a moon of Jupiter, is the most volcanically active body in the solar system, with no impact craters surviving on its surface. This is because the tidal force of Jupiter deforms Io; the eccentricity of Io's orbit (a consequence of its participation in a Laplace resonance) causes the height of Io's tidal bulge to vary significantly (by up to 100 m) over the course of an orbit; the friction from this tidal flexing then heats up its interior. A similar but weaker process is theorised to have melted the lower layers of the ice surrounding the rocky mantle of Jupiter's next large moon, Europa. Saturn's moon Enceladus is similarly thought to have a liquid water ocean beneath its icy crust. The water vapor geysers which eject material from Enceladus are thought to be powered by friction generated within this moon's shifting ice crust.
The total amount of tidal heating formula_1 is given by
where formula_3 is the satellite’s radius, formula_4 is the mean orbital motion, formula_5 is the eccentricity of the orbit, formula_6 is a dimensionless dissipation factor, and formula_7 is the shear modulus. The role of tidal heating is sometimes expressed by dimensionless number C equal to quotient of tidal heating and total internal heating.

</doc>
<doc id="5903660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903660" title="Beagle (crater)">
Beagle (crater)

"This article is about the crater on Mars. For other uses, see Beagle (disambiguation)."
Beagle is a crater lying within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) portion of the planet Mars, the crater is one of multiple topographical depressions within the Meridiani Planum extraterrestrial plain, which was explored by the Opportunity rover. It was located by the rover in images taken on sol 855 (June 20, 2006), 310 metres (1,107 ft) away. It is on the edge of the much larger ejecta blanket surrounding the crater Victoria, named the Victoria Annulus. This impact crater was named in honor of the "HMS Beagle" of the Royal Navy, ordered in February, 1817.
Missions.
There have been multiple "Sol" missions that have looked at the Beagle crater and the surrounding areas. They are as follows:
Sol-by-sol summaries:
Sol 872 (July 7, 2006): Opportunity used its panoramic camera for some targeted investigations this sol, then had a communication session with the Mars Odyssey orbiter. The rover also completed a miniature thermal emission spectrometer sky and ground observation.
Sol 873: On this sol, an attempt to cross a ripple to the southeast (in order to head towards Beagle Crater) was prematurely halted because the rover appropriately determined that it was making too little progress over the ripple. The rover also did some dust monitoring with its panoramic camera mast assembly (the rover's "head" and "neck"), and conducted some morning atmospheric science, including a sky and ground observation with the miniature thermal emission spectrometer. Opportunity also did a calibration of that instrument on this sol.
Sol 874: Opportunity used its panoramic camera to survey the ground, then took a picture with its navigation camera to determine where to point the miniature thermal emission spectrometer. The miniature thermal emission spectrometer was also used to observe the sky and ground. The panoramic camera took thumbnail images of the sky.
Sol 875: On this sol, the rover successfully backed away from the ripple that saw 80 percent slip on sol 873. Opportunity used its panoramic camera and miniature thermal emission spectrometer on a distant potential meteorite; those instruments also completed an observation of the sky and ground.
Sol 876: The rover drove southwesterly towards the edge of a ripple about 15 meters (49 feet) away to evaluate whether the outcrop adjacent to the ripple is reachable, and whether there is a path from the outcrop towards Beagle Crater. The rover also searched for clouds with its navigation camera and observed the sky and ground with its miniature thermal emission spectrometer.
Sol 877: Opportunity drove about 25 meters (82 feet) on an outcrop path towards Beagle Crater. The rover did a "quick find attitude" at the end of the drive, which updates its physical position. The rover supported a Mars Express overflight, and did remote sensing with its panoramic camera and miniature thermal emission spectrometer.
Sol 878: The rover drove about 25 meters (82 feet) towards Beagle Crater. Opportunity performed elevation sky and ground surveys during the Mars Odyssey pass and miniature thermal emission spectrometer sky and ground stares in the morning. A panoramic camera survey in front of the rover will be conducted to help pick a soil target for this weekend's robotic arm activity.

</doc>
<doc id="5903677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903677" title="David Etxebarria">
David Etxebarria

David Etxebarria Alkorta (23 July 1973, Abadiño, Basque Country) is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="5903684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903684" title="Raffaele Palladino">
Raffaele Palladino

Raffaele Palladino (born 17 April 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Serie A club Parma.
Club career.
The first team career of Palladino started in his native region of Campania where he played for Benevento in Serie C1. Including games played in Coppa Italia Serie C, his record at Benevento was 12 games played and 5 goals scored.
It was not long before he gained the attentions of Juventus and was signed by the club in 2002, during his earlier years with Juventus he played in reserve and youth levels in competitions such as Torneo di Viareggio (which the club won in 2003 and 2004). However, during the 2003–04 season, he did make one appearance in the Coppa Italia. He scored 41 goals in 61 games in the Campionato Nazionale Primavera.
Loan spells.
To gain some first team experience, Palladino was loaned out to Salernitana back in Campania.
The first taste of Serie A football came in 2005–06 for the player, he was loaned out once more, this time to Livorno. Although he gained some valuable experience he did not score as many goals as he did during his spell with Salernitana the previous season.
Return to Juventus.
Juventus had been relegated down to Serie B due to the result of the 2006 Serie A scandal. Despite the lower division, first team places were still hotly contested and the young Palladino was given a chance to prove himself in the first team by Didier Deschamps. On his league debut Palladino scored two goals. In the same season he also scored a hat-trick against Triestina. Juventus won promotion back into Serie A that season giving Palladino his first senior team honour.
Although he is mainly a striker, with the presence of Alessandro Del Piero, Vincenzo Iaquinta, and especially David Trezeguet, Palladino had a hard time finding a spot as a striker. He mainly played as a left winger during the 2007–2008 season, although he is predominately right footed.
Genoa.
On 3 July 2008, Palladino was signed by Genoa in co-ownership deal, priced €5million (for 50% rights), joined along with defender Domenico Criscito on loan.
Parma.
On 3 January 2011, Genoa's half share in Palladino was transferred to Parma in a move which saw Parma's half share in Alberto Paloschi go the other way and the exchange of the full registration of Francesco Modesto and Luca Antonelli. Genoa also paid a sum of €5.85M cash. Palladino's contract will run until 30 June 2014.
In June 2011 Juventus gave up the remain 50% registration rights to Parma for free.
International career.
He has represented his country at Under-21 level. Palladino received his first call-up to the senior team on 17 November 2007 versus Scotland under the direction of Roberto Donadoni, but did not play in the game. His debut came just a few days later, against the Faroe Islands. Palladino played as one of the three strikers along with Luca Toni and Vincenzo Iaquinta.

</doc>
<doc id="5903698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903698" title="Tijeras">
Tijeras

Tijeras can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903700" title="E900">
E900

E900 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903702" title="The Club (song)">
The Club (song)

"The Club" is The Grace's 2nd Japanese under the Rhythm Zone label and was released in both CD and CD+DVD (Limited Edition) versions. The title track also features Japanese rapper Seamo. The single reached #131 on the Oricon charts and charted for 1 week, selling 816 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="5903709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903709" title="Scott Langkow">
Scott Langkow

Scott Langkow (born April 21, 1975) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing in Europe with the Krefeld Pinguine of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.
Playing career.
Langkow is a goalkeeper who has been in the Finnish SM-liiga for four seasons. He describes his playing style as a combination of butterfly and stand-up.
Langkow played for the Portland Winter Hawks in the WHL and recorded three straight 20-win seasons with the club before being drafted by Winnipeg Jets with their 2nd pick, 31st overall, in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. When the Winnipeg franchise relocated on July 1, 1996, he was transferred to the Phoenix Coyotes. During this time he won 63 games over three seasons and was one of the top goaltenders in the AHL while playing for the Springfield Falcons. In 1998 he won the Aldege "Baz" Bastien Memorial Award as AHL's best goalkeeper.
Langkow was traded to Atlanta Thrashers on June 25, 1999, where he played 15 games for the NHL club before being traded again to the Mighty Ducks with Sergei Vyshedkevich for Ladislav Kohn on February 9, 2001.
After four seasons playing for Ässät in the SM-liiga, Langkow signed a one-year contract with HV71 in Sweden's top hockey league Elitserien. After only having played 11 games as starting goalie for HV71 in the Swedish league, Langkow signed with the Swiss team Rapperswil-Jona Lakers in Nationalliga A. In June 2007 he signed a one-year contract with Jokerit of the Finnish SM-liiga. 
Although Langkow was contracted to Jokerit his contract was terminated as he was replaced by Jussi Markkanen as the number 1 goaltender for Jokerit.
Off the ice.
Langkow is married with two children, one boy and one girl; Rylan Emma Langkow and Calder Langkow. He is married to Anya Langkow. He has a younger brother named Daymond who is a hockey player in the NHL. Scott likes to go fishing and play golf in his spare time.

</doc>
<doc id="5903711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903711" title="KCVH-LD">
KCVH-LD

KCVH-LD is a low-power television station broadcasting on channel 30 in Houston, Texas.
It was formerly the flagship station for LAT TV, a Spanish-language network owned by Latin America Broadcasting. KCVH-LP was a charter station for the network, which launched in May 2006. In May 2008, LAT TV ceased broadcasting, and KCVH suspended operations on June 23, 2008.
In July 2009, the station was sold to Daij Media LLC. The station briefly returned to the air in February 2010 in analog as "Aleluya TV". An application to switch to digital broadcasting was granted by the FCC on February 25, 2010, the digital signal went on the air December 15, 2010, and religious programming began airing January 31, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="5903713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903713" title="Plaubel Makina">
Plaubel Makina

The Plaubel Makina was a series of medium format press cameras. Makina cameras had leaf shutters and rangefinder focusing with collapsible bellows, except for the specialized 69W Proshift model.
The original Makina was manufactured by Plaubel & Co. in Germany from 1912 through 1953. Plaubel was later sold to Doi Group, which designed new Makina cameras that sold from 1978 through the 1980s. The Japanese-made Plaubel Makina was a major redesign with Nikkor lenses and integrated metering. It was manufactured first by Copal and later by Mamiya.
Plaubel Makina I - III.
German-made Plaubel Makina models include the 1, 2, 2s, 3, and 3R.
Plaubel Makina 67, W67 & 670.
Models 67 and 670 have Nikkor 80mm f/2.8 lenses. Both models take ten 6×7cm exposures on 120 rollfilm, while the 670 model also accepts 220 rollfilm (20 exposures per roll). Model W67 is similar to the 670 model, but with a wide-angle Nikkor 55mm lens (roughly equivalent to a 28mm lens in 135 format). The 55mm was considered one of the sharpest and most flare-free of any produced during the analog photography era.
Plaubel Makina 69W Proshift.
The 69W Proshift has a 47mm Schneider Super-Angulon and makes eight 6×9cm exposures per roll of 120 film. The lens is mounted on a sliding flange which allowed for perspective control in the same manner as shifting the front standard of view camera. 

</doc>
<doc id="5903727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903727" title="Furir">
Furir

Furir (from French fourrier means the person responsible for the feeding) is a Swedish military rank above Korpral and below Sergeant awarded after completing 11 months of level 8 conscript training. Level 8 means that the holder has received some basic leadership training at team leader level. Riflemen, MP men and deputy team-leaders (5 men) of cavalry and riflemen at the Nordic Battle Group typically have this rank K3, K3, K1, NBG. Other holders of the rank are the deputy team-leaders of the Home Guard. In Sweden, the rank corresponds to Lance Corporal in the USMC and the British Army.
In January 2009, holders of the rank were elevated to Sergeant and the rank ceased to exist.
History and related ranks.
Origin 1600.
The responsibility of a furir was to arrange for housing as well as the distribution of food in a Company.
1833/37.
The rank becomes the lowest underofficers rank.
1875.
Holders of the rank Furir were elevated to Sergeant and the rank was removed.
1914.
The rank was reintroduced, not categorized as underofficer, but as a rank for senior squad leaders and instructors.
1944.
Establishment of the rank Överfurir above Furir. Removed 1983 as a professional rank.
2009.
The rank was removed.
Reform 1972 - Rank inflation phase I.
Prior to 1972, military personnel were divided into three categories "Underbefäl" (non-commissioned officers), "Underofficerare" (warrant officers) and "Officerare" (commissioned officers). The reform established a four-career-path system with four categories as described below and carried out major promotions of most personnel below the rank Överstelöjtnant. 
The "Underbefäl" category was split into two categories 
The "Underofficer" category was renamed kompaniofficerare to include
The "Officer" category was renamed regementsofficerare to include 
Reform 1983 - Rank inflation phase II.
All categories were merged into one professional officer category with the lowest rank set to fänrik. Furir, överfurir, sergeant and fanjunkare were removed as a professional ranks. Holders of the rank fanjunkare were promoted to löjtnant and the rest to fänrik.

</doc>
<doc id="5903729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903729" title="Danny Webb (actor)">
Danny Webb (actor)

Danny Webb (born 6 June 1958) is an English television and film actor. He may be best known for his role as the prisoner Morse in "Alien 3" and as Thomas Cromwell in "Henry VIII". He has appeared in many famous British television programmes including "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles", "Emmerdale Farm", "Our Friends in the North", "A Touch of Frost", "Agatha Christie's Poirot", "The Bill", "Midsomer Murders", "Silent Witness", "Shackleton" and he starred in two episodes of "Doctor Who" - "The Satan Pit" and "The Impossible Planet". He has also starred in "Britannia High" as Jack Tyler and "New Tricks" as a DJ.
In 1985, Webb starred alongside Jon Pertwee in a television adaptation of Karl Wittlinger's Broadway play, "Do You Know the Milky Way?" playing Kris, a psychiatric patient who believed he came from another star.
He has also had a recurring role in several television series, including "Brookside", "Cardiac Arrest" and "Life Begins". He also has a role in "Honest" playing Mack Carter.
He also appeared in the video to "Owner of a Lonely Heart" by Yes.
In 2008, Webb appeared as journalist Noel Botham in the BBC Four drama "Hughie Green, Most Sincerely", as well as narrating the Games Workshop Black Library audiobook "The Lightning Tower/The Dark King" and the Gotrek and Felix audiobook "Slayer of the Storm God". He also had a small part as a Nazi communications officer in the film "Valkyrie".
In September 2009, he had a lead role in the BBC1 5-part drama series "Land Girls", playing a sergeant in the Home Guard.
Webb also appeared in the 2010 series of Hustle as Shaun and Emma's father and is currently playing Kevin Dalton in BBC drama Holby City.
He has done some audio books for the Warhammer series from the Black Library.
Personal life.
Outside acting Webb is a keen surfer and member of the Shore Surf Club, taking part in contests, when work allows.
Theatre work.
Danny Webb has worked extensively in theatre including in the Olivier Award winning production of "Blasted" by Sarah Kane at the Lyric Theatre in 2011 where he also won Best Actor in the Off West End Awards. That same year he also starred in the critically acclaimed version of "Chicken Soup with Barley" by Arnold Wesker at the Royal Court Theatre.
He is currently in "The MIstress Contract "at The Royal Court"."

</doc>
<doc id="5903730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903730" title="De Persgroep">
De Persgroep

De Persgroep is a media company from Belgium owned by the Van Thillo family. In 1978 the family obtained 60 percent of shares in the Flemish oriented publishing company "Hoste". When in 1990 the rest of the shares were acquired, the company’s name was changed to "De Persgroep". In 2013 the group’s annual turnover was 901 million euros.
History.
PCM Publishing.
"PCM Publishing" was created by the merger of two companies: "Perscombinatie" and "Meulenhoff & Co." "Perscombinatie" ("de Volkskrant", "Trouw" and "Het Parool") aqcuired in 1994, the majority stakes in "Meulenhoff & Co". They changed their name to PCM. From that moment became the publication of newspapers and books, the core activity of PCM.
In late 1995 PCM acquired the "Nederlandse Dagbladunie" ("TVNZ" and "Algemeen Dagblad") and became publisher of four of the five national newspapers, four regional titles and their door-to-door papers in the Randstad. After a brief but intense adventure with a foreign investment company, in 2003 Het Parool sold to the Belgian media company "De Persgroep NV". In 2005, the "Algemeen Dagblad" and the four regional newspapers were housed in "AD New Media BV", in which PCM had an economic interest of 63%.
Acquisition.
In July 2009, "De Persgroep" acquired a majority stake in "PCM Publishing", forming the subsidiary "De Persgroep Nederland", A number of transactions were connected to the main acquisition. 
PCM sold in July 2009, the house-to-house papers of "PCM Local Media" to "Wegener". Shortly after acquired PCM the stakes of Wegener (37%) in "AD New Media BV". The acquisition included also the printimg house of Wegener in The Hague. PCM sold the "NRC Handelsblad" and "nrc.next" for 70 million euros to Egeria, as well as the "PCM Algemene Boeken" (b.o. Meulenhoff & Co). As a result became Persgroep Netherlands the publisher of "Algemeen Dagblad", "de Volkskrant", "Trouw" and "Het Parool".
TV and radio stations.
De Persgroep and Roularta Media Group own 50 percent shares each of Vlaamse Media Maatschappij (VMMa). VMMa, in turn, is the owner of television and radio stations:
Magazines.
One of the company’s subsidiaries Magnet Magazines publishes the following magazines:
Zone/magazines, free city papers

</doc>
<doc id="5903731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903731" title="Julius Kronberg">
Julius Kronberg

Julius Kronberg (1850 in Karlskrona – 17 October 1921 in Stockholm) was a Swedish painter.
Works.
The painting "Jaktnymf" made Kronberg known to a wider audience. Among his largest official commissions rank three major paintings for the Royal Palace in Stockholm (1891–1893) and works for the Royal Dramatic Theatre (1906–1908). Apart from the official commissions, Kronberg made several paintings for the Hallwyl palace in Stockholm. One of his famous paintings is "David och Saul" (David and Saul the King), a painting which is considered by modern scholars as strongly homoerotic.
After his death in 1921 his studio was donated to the Nordic Museum in Stockholm, and at the expense of his friend, the Countess Wilhelmina von Hallwyl, was moved to Skansen. The studio and its contents feature on the sleeve for the 1981 ABBA album, The Visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="5903734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903734" title="Daniel Webb">
Daniel Webb

Daniel Webb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903737" title="Sarumaru Dayū">
Sarumaru Dayū

Poetry example.
The following "waka" is attributed to Taifu. It is a classic .

</doc>
<doc id="5903748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903748" title="Porto San Giorgio">
Porto San Giorgio

Porto San Giorgio is a "comune" (town or municipality) in the Province of Fermo, in the Marche region of Italy. It has approximately 16,500 inhabitants and it is located on the coast of the Adriatic Sea.
History.
Already famous at the times of Pliny the Elder as "Navale Firmanorum" and cited by Strabo and in the Tabula Peutingeriana as "Castrum Firmanorum" (Citadel of Fermo), it was bound to the development of the port of Fermo, probably situated to the estuary of the Ete river and connected to the city of Fermo by the "Pompeiana" road.
Railways.
Porto San Giorgio is on the Ancona-Pescara railway line of the Ferrovie dello Stato.
Porto San Giorgio was connected to Amandola through a narrow gauge railway with track, the so-called "Italian gauge", which was disabled in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="5903749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903749" title="Open'er Festival">
Open'er Festival

The Heineken Open'er Festival is a music festival which takes place on the North coast of Poland, in Gdynia. The first edition of the festival was organized in Warsaw in 2002 as "Open Air Festival". The main organizer of the festival is the concert agency Alter Art, but the performance took its name from its principal sponsor, Heineken International. Open’er Festival was given the "Best Major Festival" prize on European Festival Awards awards ceremony in 2009 and 2010. The 2014 edition of Open'er will be held from 2 to 5 July 2014. 
Organization of Festival.
Tickets and festival's area.
Since 2006, the festival takes place on Kosakowo Airport (Babie Doły Military Airport) in Gdynia.
There are three kinds of tickets available for sale: four-days tickets for the whole festival, three-days tickets without first-opening-day and one-day tickets. As it was on previous Open'er performances, ticket will be changed into wrist-band at special points (one placed on the main train station in the center of Gdynia, and the other one right before the entrance to the Festival). Band-wrists serve as proof of a ticket's ownership, which facilitate checks conducted by security guards.
For the comfort of participants, organizers set up a tent campsite, which is situated next to the festival area. Space on this campsite is not included in the price of the ticket. There is an additional fee - 20PLN. In the festival's field, a coupon system is in force - 1 coupon costs 3 PLN and participants are able to purchase them in exchange points and spend coupons in merchandising areas. Attendees are not allowed to carry in sharp items, professional video recording cameras, digital cameras with more than 5 mln px, alcohol, or drugs.
Stages.
The first concerts begin at 4 pm, but the festival area will be opened from 3 pm until 5am (the last concerts start at 2am). In 2008 and 2009 there were 7 stages, which were the most stages in Open'er's history: Main Stage, World Stage, Tent Stage, Young Talents Stage, Beat Stage, Alter Space and Alter Space Theatres. There was also a "chillout zone" located in a military hangar and a "Red Pulse Tent" filled with drum&bass rhythm. 2010 edition of festival also had 7 stages.
Artists.
2014.
"Gdynia, Babie Doły Military Airport<br>(Headliners written in bold)
Wednesday 2 July:
Here and Now Stage: Earl Sweatshirt
Tent Stage: Haim, Metronomy
Thursday 3 July:
Here and Now Stage: Rudimental
Tent Stage: Darkside, The Afghan Whigs
Friday 4 July:
Here and Now Stage: Ben Howard
Tent Stage: Banks, Wild Beasts
Beat Stage: Tourist
Saturday 5 July:
Here and Now Stage: Bastille, Pusha T
Tent Stage: Daughter, Warpaint
Beat Stage: Julio Bashmore
Unscheduled:<br>
Mela Koteluk, Pustki, Bokka, Król, Misia FF, The Dumplings, Carnival Youth
2013.
"Gdynia, Babie Doły Military Airport<br>(Headliners written in bold)
Wednesday 3 July:<br>
Open'er Stage: Editors, Blur, Kendrick Lamar<br>
Tent Stage: Dawid Podsiadło, Mikromusic, Savages, Alt-J, Crystal Castles<br>
AlterKlub Stage: Patrick the Pan, Vavamuffin, Vienio / Profil Pokoleń, Fox<br>
Alter Space: Hipiersonik, Semantik Punk, Plum, Stroon, Domowe Melodie<br>
Beat Stage: Pol_On, Marcin Krupa, SLG, Marcin Czubala
Thursday 4 July:<br>
Open'er Stage: Kim Nowak, Tame Impala, Arctic Monkeys, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds<br>
Tent Stage: Xxanaxx, Sorry Boys, Junip, Maria Peszek<br>
AlterKlub Stage: Miss God, Please the Trees, Ras Luta, Matisyahu, Łąki Łan<br>
Alter Space: Ptaki, Lilly Hates Roses, Pianohooligan, Drekoty, Fuka Lata<br>
Beat Stage: Chloe Martini, Seb Skalski, Miko Czajkowski, Adam Zasada
Friday 5 July:<br>
Open'er Stage: Kaliber 44, Skunk Anansie, Queens of the Stone Age, The National<br>
Tent Stage: Rebeka, Skubas, These New Puritans, Hey, Disclosure<br>
AlterKlub Stage: Bobby the Unicorn, Palma Violets, Őszibarack, Nas, L.U.C & Motion Trio<br>
Alter Space: Teielte, Ifi Ude, The &, Kixnare, Rykarda Parasol<br>
Beat Stage: Naphta, Klaves, Patryk Niedziela, Envee
Saturday 6 July:<br>
Open'er Stage: Everything Everything, Miguel, Kings of Leon, Jonny Greenwood, Steve Reich & Ensemble Modern<br>
Tent Stage: Magnificent Muttley, Novika, Mount Kimbie, Devendra Banhart, Animal Collective<br>
AlterKlub Stage: Sambor, Hot Casandra, Crystal Fighters, Transmisja, Lao Che, Harotnica + N.R.M.<br>
Alter Space: Stendek, Fismoll, Peter J. Birch & the River Boat Band, Ballady i Romanse / Igor Boxx, UL/KR<br>
Beat Stage: The Phantom, Chmara Winter, BLCKSHP, Catz'n Dogz
Sunday 7 July:<br>
Open'er Stage: Dizzie Rascal, Rihanna<br>
2012.
"Gdynia, Babie Doły Military Airport"<br>(Headliners written in bold)
Wednesday 4 July:<br>
Open'er Stage: Fisz Emade Tworzywo, The Kills, Björk, New Order<br>
Tent Stage: June, très.b, Yeasayer, The Ting Tings, Orbital<br>
World Stage: Soldiers of Jah Army, Gogol Bordello, Wiz Khalifa<br>
Alter Space: Frozen Bird, Mela Koteluk, Jacaszek, Chłopcy Kontra Basia<br>
Beat Stage (live acts): Galus, Sobura, TEIELTE, En2ak<br>
Beat Stage (DJ sets): Ment XXL, Praktik, Groh + Eltron John, Sonar Soul<br>
Talents Stage: BEZSENSU, Sjøn, Enchanted Hunters, Dva
Thursday 5 July:<br>
Open'er Stage: Warsaw Village Band, Penderecki/Greenwood, Bon Iver, Justice<br>
Tent Stage: Iza Lach, Dry The River, Jamie Woon, The Maccabees, Jessie Ware<br>
World Stage: Pablopavo & Praczas, Major Lazer, Paula i Karol<br>
Alter Space: The Stubs, KROJC, Kari Amirian, Napszykłat<br>
Beat Stage: Good Paul, Axmusique, Ros, Twin Prix<br>
Talents Stage: Little White Lies, Miąższ, Minerals, Pipes & Pints
Friday 6 July:<br>
Open'er Stage: L.Stadt, Bloc Party, Franz Ferdinand, The Cardigans play "Gran Turismo"<br>
Tent Stage: UL/KR, Toro Y Moi, Kasia Nosowska, M83, Julia Marcell<br>
World Stage: Łona/Webber & The Pimps, Public Enemy, Klezmafour<br>
Alter Space: Yula, Trupa Trupa, The Saintbox, Profesjonalizm<br>
Beat Stage: The Phantom, Bueno Bros, Viadrina, Bshosa<br>
Talents Stage: Camero Cat, Crab Invasion, Sinusoidal, Kerekes Band
Saturday 7 July:<br>
Open'er Stage: Cool Kids of Death, Mumford & Sons, The Mars Volta, The xx<br>
Tent Stage: The KDMS, Świetliki, Bat For Lashes, Friendly Fires, SBTRKT<br>
World Stage: Maja Kleszcz & incarNations, Janelle Monáe, Brygada Kryzys<br>
Alter Space: Psychocukier, kIRk, Volume, Coldair<br>
Beat Stage: Spox, Maximilian Skiba, L.A.N.S., Kamp! (DJ set)<br>
Talents Stage: Vermones, Fair Weather Friends, Keira Is You, Instrumenti
2011.
"Gdynia, Babie Doły Military Airport"
Thursday 30 June:<br>
Main Stage: Pustki, The National, Coldplay, Simian Mobile Disco<br>
Tent Stage: Marcelina, The Twilight Singers, Two Door Cinema Club, Paolo Nutini, Caribou<br>
World Stage: Enej, Daktari, Fat Freddy's Drop<br>
Alter Space: Jazzpospolita, Tides From Nebula, Karbido, Lody<br>
Young Talents: Futuristen, Rebeka, Cuba de Zoo, Woody Alien<br>
Burn Beat Stage: Mentalcut, Daniel Drumz, Mentalcut, My Head is a Dubby
Friday 1 July:<br>
Main Stage: Pogodno, Monika Brodka, Pulp, Foals<br>
Tent Stage: Twilite, D4D, British Sea Power, Cut Copy, Crystal Fighters<br>
World Stage: Abraham Inc., Youssou N'Dour, PFK Kompany<br>
Alter Space: Contemporary Noise Sextet, Igor Boxx, Plazmatikon, Ballady i Romanse<br>
Young Talents: New New, The Phantoms, Bipolar Bears, Très.b<br>
Burn Beat Stage: Harper, Club Collab, Spox, Junkie Punks
Saturday 2 July:<br>
Main Stage: Sistars, Primus, Prince<br>
Tent Stage: Paristetris, The Asteroids Galaxy Tour, Kate Nash, Kim Nowak, Chapel Club<br>
World Stage: R.U.T.A., Gooral, Big Boi<br>
Alter Space: Grabek, Małe Instrumenty, Niechęć, Snowman<br>
Young Talents: Ailo In Head, Adre'n'Alin, Asi Mina, Nerwowe Wakacje<br>
Burn Beat Stage: Last Robots, Mr. Lex & Novika
Sunday 3 July:<br>
Main Stage: The Black Tapes, The Wombats, The Strokes, M.I.A., deadmau5<br>
Tent Stage: Neony, These New Puritans, James Blake, Hurts, Chromeo<br>
World Stage: Sedativa feat. Dawid Portasz, Janusz Prusinowski Trio, Vavamuffin<br>
Alter Space: Karolina Cicha, Spięty, Wojtek Mazolewski, Baaba Kulka<br>
Young Talents: Revlovers, Peter J. Birch, Wilson Square, Fonovel<br>
Burn Beat Stage: Eltron John, Envee, Bueno Bros, Catz 'n Dogz
2010.
"Gdynia, Babie Doły Military Airport"
1 July:<br>
Main Stage: Łąki Łan, Ben Harper and the Relentless7, Pearl Jam, Groove Armada<br>
Tent Stage: Indigo Tree, Biff, Yeasayer, Tricky, 2manydjs<br>
World Stage: The Phenomenal Handclap Band, Kacezet & Dreadsquad, Tinariwen<br>
Alter Space: Oranżada, Pasimito, Brasil and the Gallowbrothers, Wiracki + Suka Off/BFV
2 July:<br>
Main Stage: Lao Che, Mando Diao, Massive Attack, Empire of the Sun<br>
Tent Stage: Die Antwoord, Fox, Grace Jones, Klaxons, Pavement<br>
World Stage: Psio Crew, Pablopavo, Cypress Hill<br>
Alter Space: Muariolanza, 52UM, Jacaszek, Najakotiva
3 July:<br>
Main Stage: L.U.C, Skunk Anansie, Kasabian, Hot Chip<br>
Tent Stage: We Call It A Sound, Julia Marcell, Regina Spektor, Novika, Gorillaz Sound System<br>
World Stage: Alians, Bester Quartet, Matisyahu<br>
Alter Space: Niwea, Karolina Glazer, Kciuk & The Fingers, Merkabah
4 July:<br>
Main Stage: Muchy, The Hives, The Dead Weather, Fatboy Slim<br>
Tent Stage: L.Stadt, Wild Beasts, Kings of Convenience, Archive, Mitch & Mitch with their Incredible Combo<br>
World Stage: Pink Freud, Nas & Damian Marley, Marika<br>
Alter Space: NP, kIRk, Pleq, Borys Kossakowski
2009.
"Gdynia, Babie Doły Military Airport"
2 July:<br>
Main Stage: Renton, Arctic Monkeys, Basement Jaxx<br>
Tent Stage: Old Time Radio, The Car Is On Fire, Peter Bjorn and John, Late of the Pier, Łąki Łan<br>
Alter Space: Twożywo - Open'er 2008, Betty Be, Berlin Calling, Wariacje.pl, Heima, Grabek, Skinny Patrini<br>
Theatres: Yoma
3 July:<br>
Main Stage: Maria Peszek, Gossip, The Kooks, Moby<br>
Tent Stage: Paristetris, Pati Yang, Gaba Kulka, Duffy, Crystal Castles<br>
World Stage: Thievery Corporation "cancelled", Warsaw Village Band, Hjaltalín, Speed Caravan<br>
Alter Space: Heima, 100nka, Lucky People Center International, Wiolonczele z Miasta, Twożywo - Open'er 2008, Kakofonikt<br>
Theatres: Salamandra, Yoma
4 July:<br>
Main Stage: Izrael, Madness moved to World Stage due the flight cancellations, Faith No More, Pendulum<br>
Tent Stage: Kamp!, Fisz/Emade, Emiliana Torrini, White Lies, M83<br>
World Stage: Madness, Village Kollektiv, Q-Tip, Buraka Som Sistema moved to the next day due the Madness rescheduling<br>
Alter Space: Berlin Calling, Dagadana, Heima, Kormorany, Lucky People Center International, Szelest Spadających Papierków<br>
Theatres: Salamandra
5 July:<br>
Main Stage: O.S.T.R., Lily Allen, Kings of Leon, Placebo, The Prodigy<br>
Tent Stage: The Black Tapes, Priscilla Ahn, Kumka Olik, The Ting Tings, Sofa<br>
World Stage: Fat Freddy's Drop "cancelled", Jazzanova, Gadająca Tykwa, Santigold, Buraka Som Sistema<br>
Alter Space: Lucky People Center International, Mass Kotki, Twożywo - Open'er 2008, Contemporary Noise Sextet, Berlin Calling, Lady Aarp<br>
Theatres: Mamadoo
2008.
"Gdynia, Babie Doły Military Airport"
4 July:<br>
Main Stage: Muchy, Editors, The Raconteurs, Roisin Murphy<br>
Tent Stage: L.Stadt, Mitch & Mitch Big Band, The Cribs, Fischerspooner, Fujiya & Miyagi<br>
World Stage: Natu + Envee, DeVotchKa, Dj Vadim Live<br>
Young Talents Stage: Kleiber, Kolorofon, Ziemianie, Pornohagen, Biff<br>
Beat Stage: Chill, Harper, Maceo Wyro, Papa Zura <br>
Alter Space: movie: "Music Partisans" + "Open'er 2005-2007", Troitsa, movie: "Life In Loops", Hati, movie: "Free Jimmy", Emitter Franczak,<br>
Alter Space Theatres: Theatre Gry i Ludzie, Thearte Porywacze Ciał, Fire Angels, Mamadoo
5 July:<br>
Main Stage: Cool Kids Of Death, Interpol, Jay-Z, Erykah Badu<br>
Tent Stage: Rotofobia, Loco Star, Maria Peszek, Cocorosie, Sex Pistols, Everything is made in China<br>
World Stage: Karimski Club, Gentleman, Masala Soundsystem<br>
Young Talents Stage: Radio Bagdad, Sekend Hend, New York Crasnals, California Stories Uncovered<br>
Beat Stage: Ojciec Karol, Harper, Envee, Matman, Ros + Wiosna<br>
Alter Space: movie: "Free Jimmy", Alamut, "Music Partisans" + "Open'er 2005-2007", Tymański Yass Ensemble, movie:"Life in loops" sytarror<br>
Alter Space Theatres: Teatr Porywacze Ciał, Klan Grus, Fire Angels Mamadoo
6 July:<br>
Main Stage: Lao Che, Goldfrapp, Massive Attack, The Chemical Brothers<br>
Tent Stage: Hatfinats, Benzyna, Kobiety, Őszibarack, Ścianka<br>
World Stage: Vavamuffin, Martina Topley Bird, Żywiołak<br>
Young Talents Stage: Setting the Woods on Fire, Gasoline, Bajzel, Dav Intergalactic, Polpo Motel<br>
Beat Stage: V/A Team Hungry Hungry Models<br>
Alter Space: movie: "Life in Loops", Echo TM, film: "Free Jimmy", RH+ audiovisual froup of friends, "Music Partisans" + "Open'er 2005-2007", C.H. District<br>
Alter Space Theatres: Klan Grus, Theatre Porywacze Ciał, Teatr Ósmego Dnia "Arka", Mamadoo
Beirut and M.I.A have cancelled their shows at Open'er Festival.
2007.
"Gdynia, Babie Doły Military Airport"
29 June:<br>
Main Stage: The Car Is on Fire, Sonic Youth, The Roots, Laurent Garnier<br>
Tent Stage: Afro Kolektyw, Pink Freud, EastWest Rockers, Dizzee Rascal, Freeform Five, Farel Gott, The Strike Boys<br>
Young Talents Stage: Bruno Schulz, Organizm, Cała Góra Barwinków, Managga, The Poise Rite
30 June:<br>
Main Stage: O.S.T.R., Groove Armada, Beastie Boys, Muse<br>
Tent Stage: Kapitan DA, Dick4Dick, Apteka, Crazy P, Kombajn do Zbierania Kur po Wioskach, White Rabbit's Trip, Łąki Łan<br>
Young Talents Stage: Lars, Dezodorant Squad, Out of Tune, NOT, Mikrowafle
1 July:<br>
Main Stage: Indios Bravos, Bloc Party, Björk, LCD Soundsystem<br>
Tent Stage: Me Myself and I, Novika, Bassisters Orchestra, Beastie Boys, Renton, Smolik<br>
Young Talent Stage: Erijef Massiv, Gentleman!, Andy, Mikromusic
2006.
"Gdynia, Babie Doły Military Airport"
6 July:<br>
Big Stage: Fisz, Emade and friends; Manu Chao; Pharell Williams, Placebo<br>
Small Stage: Loco Motive Sun, SOFA, The Car Is On Fire, Cool Kids of Death, Nightmares on Wax, Masala Sound System
7 July:<br>
Big Stage: Myslovitz, Skin, Franz Ferdinand, Sigur Rós, Scissor Sisters<br>
Small Stage: Miloopa, Niewinni Czarodzieje, Kanał Audytywny, Maria Peszek, Ladytron, Coldcut, Electricity
8 July:<br>
Big Stage: Abra dAb, The Streets, Kanye West, Basement Jaxx, Roger Sanchez<br>
Small Stage: Psychocukier, Freak of Nature, Pustki, Peter Greenaway, Beats Friendly<br>
However Groove Armada and Matthew Herbert have cancelled theirs shows at Open'er Festival.
2005.
"Gdynia, Kościuszki Square"
8 July:<br>
Big Stage: O.S.T.R., Snoop Dogg, Faithless, Fatboy Slim<br>
Small Stage: Less Is More, Rotofobia, Lili Marlene, Hariasen, Pogodno, Boogiemafia
9 July:<br>
Big Stage: SOFA, Lauryn Hill, The Music, The White Stripes, Underworld<br>
Small Stage: Peepol, Őszibarack, Good Girl Killer, Tworzywo Sztuczne, Neo, DJ Seb Skalski
The festival was held on Skwer Kościuszki for the last time in 2005. The event attracted more than 50,000 fans from all over Europe.
2004.
"Gdynia, Kościuszki Square"

</doc>
<doc id="5903754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903754" title="Oxide side">
Oxide side

The oxide side of a tape is the surface that can be magnetically manipulated by a tape head. This is the side that stores the information, the opposite side is simply a substrate to hold the tape together. The name originates from the fact that the magnetic side of most tapes is made of an oxide of iron. Sometimes chromium is also used.

</doc>
<doc id="5903755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903755" title="Jonathan Club">
Jonathan Club

__NOTOC__ 
The Jonathan Club is a private social club at two California locations—one in Downtown Los Angeles on South Figueroa Street and the other on the beach in Santa Monica. The club was included on the Platinum Club list of John Sibbald Associates in 2012 as one of the top five city clubs in the United States.
History.
The club was at one time believed to be named after Jonathan Trumbull, advisor to George Washington. But historical evidence states that the club was named after Brother Jonathan, the caricature predecessor to Uncle Sam. According to an undated but recent publication of the club titled "Jonathan: A Very Special Club", the organization was founded in September 1895 by a group of men who had been active in a Los Angeles marching society. There is also evidence that the club's origin was tied to a group of Los Angeles Republicans who supported William McKinley's presidential campaign.
Membership.
Membership in the club is by invitation. For most of its history, the club admitted only white men, but since 1987 it has also admitted women, Jews and minorities.
Locations.
In 1905, the club was headquartered in the monumental new Pacific Electric Building at 610 South Main Street, which at that time was the transportation hub for Southern California. According to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, "the top three floors of the building housed the exclusive and lavishly adorned Jonathan Club, one of the city’s most exclusive private clubs."
In 1924 a contract was let for what "Southwest Builder" magazine called a "magnificent new home" for the club—its present brick-faced structure at 545 S. Figueroa Street, one block west of the Los Angeles Central Library.
Since 1927, the club has had a beach location in Santa Monica, in a building designed by architect Gene Verge, Sr.

</doc>
<doc id="5903761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903761" title="The Ultimate Fighter 1">
The Ultimate Fighter 1

The debut season of The Ultimate Fighter (later designated The Ultimate Fighter 1) premiered on January 17, 2005. Sixteen mixed martial arts fighters (eight Light Heavyweights weighing from 186 to 205 lbs and eight Middleweights weighing from 171 to 185 lbs) were invited to participate in the show where they would reside together and train in two separate teams coached by UFC Light Heavyweight fighters Chuck Liddell and Randy Couture. The teams would compete in physical challenges, segments hosted by singer Willa Ford, to determine which team would have the right to pair one of their own fighters against an opponent of their choice in the same weight class, with the loser being eliminated.
The finale was broadcast live on April 9, 2005, where the two finalists in each weight class faced off for a contract with the UFC. It was the first ever live UFC broadcast on non-pay-per-view television, and it drew a very impressive 1.9 overall rating. The series was also broadcast in the UK in the spring of 2005 on Bravo. A 5-disc DVD set of "The Ultimate Fighter" was released on November 1, 2005.
Episodes.
Episode 1: "The Quest Begins" (original airdate: 17 January 2005)
Episode 2: "Team Challenges" (original airdate: 24 January 2005)
Episode 3: "Making Weight" (original airdate: 31 January 2005)
Episode 4: "On The Ropes" (original airdate: 7 February 2005)
Episode 5: "Un-Caged" (original airdate: 14 February 2005)
Episode 6: "The Fight Is On" (original airdate: 21 February 2005)
Episode 7: "Ground And Pound" (original airdate: 28 February 2005)
Episode 8: "Sprawl N Brawl" (original airdate: 7 March 2005)
Episode 9: "Low Blow" (original airdate: 14 March 2005)
Episode 10: "Middleweight Semi-Final #1" (original airdate: 21 March 2005)
Episode 11: "Middleweight Semi-Final #2" (original airdate: 28 March 2005)
Episode 12: "Light Heavyweight Semi-Finals" (original airdate: 4 April 2005)
Middleweight Bracket.
"* Nate Quarry was slated to fight Florian but an injury forced him to be replaced by Leben."
Legend
Coaches' Fight.
UFC 52: Couture vs. Liddell 2 was held on April 16, 2005 in Paradise, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="5903767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903767" title="Grottazzolina">
Grottazzolina

Grottazzolina is a town and comune in the province of Fermo, in the Marche region of Italy.
Grottazzolina belongs to the province of Ascoli Piceno and is from Ascoli Piceno.
Grottazzolina has a population of 3,129 inhabitants, a surface of , and a population density of 336.45 inhabitants per square kilometer. It rises above sea level.
The municipality of Grottazzolina had a population of 2,899 inhabitants according to the 1991 census. According to the 2001 census, there was a population increase of 7.93%.
There are 1,098 families in the town, with an average of 2.85 people per family.
There are 102 industrial firms employing 594 workers, representing 38.95% of the total workforce. There are 93 service firms employing 190 workers, representing 12.46% of the total workforce. There are also 122 other firms employing 298 people, representing 19.54% of the total workforce, while there are 16 administrative offices employing 443 workers, representing 29.05% of the total workforce.

</doc>
<doc id="5903770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903770" title="Cushman">
Cushman

Cushman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903773" title="KJJM-LD">
KJJM-LD

KJJM-LD is a low-power digital television station in the Dallas, Texas area, broadcasting locally on channel 34.
The station was first established as K46EV on channel 46 as a FamilyNet affiliate, then on February 18, 2000 the call letters changed to KJJM. In 2005, the station moved its broadcasts to channel 34 to make way for KTAQ's channel 46 digital signal, and switched affiliates to LAT TV in 2006.
For several weeks after LAT TV folded on May 20, 2008, KJJM was running a test pattern without FCC-required station IDs, putting the owners in danger of fines and other penalties. In September 2008 the station began broadcasting infomercials until the Universal Access Network was established in November 2008.
From November 2008 until June 2011, KJJM broadcast Universal Access Network programming, including the daily "Access Live" hosted by Pastor Lee Sherrell and produced at the KJJM studios. Weekend programming includes local Dallas ministry programs produced live at KJJM. The schedule also included syndicated programs, a handful of old movies, cartoons, classic TV shows including "Bonanza", and programs from other sources.
In June 2011, Universal Access Network moved to full-power station KTAQ on subchannel 47.2.
In June 2013, KJJM-LD was sold to Landover 5 LLC as part of a larger deal involving 51 other low-power television stations.
KJJM is not currently available on cable systems in the immediate Dallas/Mesquite area.
Digital television.
On March 15, 2009, KJJM switched from analog broadcasting to a multiplexed digital TV signal. Currently they are broadcasting the following subchannels:

</doc>
<doc id="5903776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903776" title="Tomasz Zdebel">
Tomasz Zdebel

Tomasz Zdebel (born 25 May 1973) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder and lastly played for Alemannia Aachen.

</doc>
<doc id="5903790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903790" title="Monterubbiano">
Monterubbiano

Monterubbiano is a town and "comune" in the Province of Fermo, in the Marche region of Italy. It is on a hill from the Adriatic Sea.
History.
In pre-historic times the area was inhabited by the Piceni (9th-3rd centuries BC). After the Roman conquest, it received the status of "urbs urbana" (built city) in 268 BC. In the 5th century it was captured by the Visigoths.
In the 12th century, it was a free commune, thwarting the attempts from Fermo to capture it. In the 15th century it was acquired by Francesco Sforza, who fortified it; in 1663 it became part of the Papal States, to which (apart the Napoleonic period) it remained until 1860, when it was annexed to the newly formed Kingdom of Italy.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5903795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903795" title="Yutaka Haniya">
Yutaka Haniya

Biography.
Haniya was born in Taiwan, then a Japanese colony, to a Samurai family named Hannya after the Hannya Shingyo (Heart Sutra). He had a sickly childhood and suffered from tuberculosis in his teens. Although originally interested in anarchism, in 1931 he joined the Japanese Communist Party, became its Agriculture Director the following year, and was promptly arrested. While in the prison's hospital, he devoted himself to studying Immanuel Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason".
After World War II, Haniya founded a little magazine entitled "Kindai Bungaku" (Modern Literature) which became very influential. In this role he discovered and published Kōbō Abe, who subsequently joined Haniya's avant-garde group "Yoru no Kai" (Night Group).
Haniya was a prolific writer; after his death, Kodansha published his complete works in a set of 19 volumes. He won the Tanizaki Prize in 1970 for his collection "Black Horses in the Darkness and other stories".

</doc>
<doc id="5903816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903816" title="Ficar">
Ficar


</doc>
<doc id="5903818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903818" title="Sun and Steel">
Sun and Steel

Sun and Steel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903822" title="Sant'Elpidio a Mare">
Sant'Elpidio a Mare

Sant'Elpidio a Mare is a town and "comune" in the province of Fermo, in the Marche region of Italy.
Geography.
Sant'Elpidio a Mare is on a ridge of Marche Apennine, elevation above sea level, between the lower river valleys of the river Tenna and Ete Morto, from the Adriatic Sea.
History.
The town was originally named "Cluana". The village of Cluana acquired Saint Elpidius' relics in the seventh century in exchange for the donation of a piece of land. The relics of Elpidius and his companions Eustace and Ennesius were consigned to the local inhabitants, and the town later acquired the new name of "Sant'Elpidio a Mare". The relics of Elpidius are considered to have saved the town from a Lombard siege; tradition states that the saint appeared in the sky asking the inhabitants to defend the village.
The city occupies the territory belonged to Cluana, the ancient Roman city bathed by the river Chienti destroyed by the Goths in the early 400. 887 was founded one of the oldest and most powerful Benedictine abbeys of the Marches' s "Imperial Abbey of the Holy Cross to Chienti." The medieval village with the name of the Castle of Sant 'Elpidio, located in the eleventh century on the hill on top of which is home to the Church of Our Lady of Light. Elevated to the rank of a free commune in 1250 Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor gave him the construction of a port between the rivers Chienti and Tenna. It was in later centuries the center of bitter hostility from neighboring Fermo. Destroyed in 1328 by the troops of Mercenary from Monteverde was destroyed again by the Ghibelline Rinaldo from Monteverde in 1376 and in 1377.
In 1380 the Elpidiensi rebuilt the country of the church on the hill at the top of the Piazza Giacomo Matteotti is bounded by the Parish of Sant'Elpidio Abate, from the tower of Jerusalem, Lateranenze the Basilica of Our Lady of Mercy and the town hall. In 1431 the Army of Francesco Sforza penetrates the walls and sacked the town. In 1797, on the hill of the Capuchins General Rusca Army of Napoleon Bonaparte local Militias loyal to the Pope and encompasses the country in the Department of Tronto, with capital Fermo. In 1828 Pope Leo XII issues a bubble which gives him the title of City. During the Second World War, the territory was administered by the Italian Social Republic. In 1952, Porto Sant 'Elpidio becomes an independent municipality, for which the territory of the municipality decreases of 18.14 km ².
Toponym.
The historical name of locality is documented by a parchment eleventh century was "Sancto Elpidio Majore" to distinguish it from other places in Sant'Elpidio Morico Brand Fermana. The abbreviation of "majore" in "ma.re" is then changed to "the sea".
Religious architecture.
Imperial Abbey of the Holy Cross to Chienti.
Founded, according to tradition, in 887 on a pre-existing religious edifice. The heyday of the Benedictine abbey is between the tenth and the twelfth century in which benefits from expansions in the Romanesque style. In 1790 the bishop stop Minnucci reduces the abbey complex structure for agricultural use decreeing his downfall and reducing the area of the functions to one central nave. After more than two centuries of neglect to misuse the basilica structure is affected by a restoration began in March 2006 aimed at restoration of primitive type and the consequent re-opened to the public, took place in 2010.
Church of Our Lady of the Enlightenment.
It was built in the thirteenth century with the original name of St. Augustine Church. The King of France during the fourteenth ecumenical council, which opened in Lyon 7 May 1274 and ending 17 July 1274 gives a sign of deep devotion to the Blessed Clement eminent personality of the Augustinian Order, was beatified by Pope Clement XIII in 1761, a plug the crown of Jesus Christ. The Friar donates Precious Gift to the Convent of Sant 'Elpidio when studied among others St. Nicholas of Tolentino and St. James of the Marches. Entering the Parish Sant'Elpidio Abate to the right of the Pavisa depicts the Blessed Clement with the Holy Thorn welcomed by Elpidiensi. On the night of 8 September 1377 the army led by Rinaldo from Monteverde deprived the Church of the Precious Relic which is currently preserved in the Church of St. Augustine in Fermo. Ancient Temple is the base, most of the high facade and inside the marble altar in Gothic style built in 1371 in Istrian stone to accommodate the precious relic and the painting of Our Lady of the Enlightenment of the fifteenth century depicting the Madonna and Child. .
Parish Sant'Elpidio Abate.
Built in the thirteenth century as a parish church in 1590 will be assigned the title of Collegiate simple, 11 October 1591 Pope Gregory XIV raised it to the Illustrious and Collegiate in 1857 by Pope Pius IX to Perinsigne Collegiate. The original construction preserves the apse and a large part of the external structure. The facade built in the second half of the thirties of the twentieth century in neo-Romanesque style boasts the presence of a rose and a mosaic in the lunette of the portal depicting Sant'Elpidio supported by the Disciples Ennesio and Eustathius. The side of the church that marks the square Giacomo Matteotti 5 windows retains the original building of the thirteenth century, the rest was almost entirely rebuilt in 1639. The interior has been designed in a neoclassical style. Behind the main altar of the sixteenth century has received a relief of a Roman sarcophagus in Parian marble of the fourth century depicting a hunting scene with the lion and it houses the bones of the patron Sant'Elpidio Abate and the Disciples Sant ' Ennesio and Sant'Eustasio.
Above the high altar Nicola Monti made at the end of the eighteenth century a framework in which depicts the Blessed Virgin Mary of the Assumption. The exhibition altar dedicated to Our Lady of Loreto, built in Baroque style by Angelo Scoccianti in the right transept of the church in 1702, is the largest of the Marches. The wooden work whose beauty is enhanced by the presence of gilding, contains two leaves of the junction which creates a high relief of the Annunciation, the statue of Our Lady of Loreto. The left transept houses a painting by Jacopo Palma il Giovane depicting the feet of Christ and St. Anthony Sant'Elpidio. The Church has a baptismal font in the Renaissance style. The organ built in 1765 by Gaetano Callido and placed above the main entrance is one of the most impressive works of the author. The large marble balustrade, built in the mid-nineteenth century to a design by the architect Salvatori, is decorated with four bronze statues depicting Sant'Elpidio Abbot, Blessed Clemente Briotti, St. Francis of Assisi and St. Catherine of Siena, and defines Chorus and the statues of the Madonna and Sant'Elpidio. The Treasure of the Parish hosts the liturgical vestment worn by Cardinal Cesare Brancadoro.
Church of St. John.
It was the church of the Monastery of the Benedictine Sisters dedicated to St. John. The facade built in the nineteenth century stands at the beginning of Via Cunicchio.
Church of St. Augustine.
It was built in honor of St. Anthony in the fourteenth century. After the destruction of the Augustinian convent in 1377 was rededicated to St. Augustine. It features a stone portal decorated with candelabra of 1505 that embellishes the lovely baroque facade. Restored in 1760 and closed for worship in the early twentieth century, it housed religious services during the restoration of the interior of the parish of Abbot Sant'Elpidio the beginning of the twenty-first century. The interior is graced by the presence of fillers and a chorus (1760). Housed the altar dedicated to the Blessed Clement Briotti visible at the Church of Sant 'Elpidio Abate and oil on canvas by Vincenzo Pagani "Madonna in Glory with Child and Saints" preserved in the Art Gallery of Ripatransone.
Church of Saint Francis.
Built in the fourteenth century, contains inside the canvas Tizianello of 1564, two paintings by Ripani.
Lateran Basilica of Our Lady of Mercy.
Begun in 1575, the outside has a wooden door and two dials at the top and from left to right respectively indicate the time Italic and astronomy. Inside a canvas of the painter Andrea Ancona Lilli "The Miracle of Santa Marta" in 1602; frescoes by Andrea Boscoli of 1603 and three paintings depicting "The Marriage of the Virgin", "The Nativity '" and "Our Lady of Mercy "the frescoes of the vault by Cristoforo Roncalli of the seventeenth century, a body of Gaetano Callido Peter Nacchini 1785 and 1757. The Basilica, managed dall'Arciconfraternita of Mary of Mercy was built 1 June 1399, is since 1974 the seat of the organ Elpidiense.
Church of St. Joseph.
Construction began in 1576 along with former Convent of the Capuchins. Pittoree the works carried out in 1758 by Filippo Ricci "The Dream of St. Joseph" and "The Marriage of the Virgin" adorn the interior.
Church of St. Philip Blacks.
Founded in 1735 and completed in 1789. Inside the vaulted ceiling was painted with tempera technique by the artist Giovan Battista Ripani. The nave is surrounded by Corinthian columns, statues of St. Peter and Paul and paintings depicting the "Marriage of the Virgin", l '"Adoration of the Shepherds" and "Trinity, the Virgin and the Angels." The church houses the altar of Nicola Monti depicting The Ecstasy of St. Philip Blacks who explains the text "Dilatasti Cor Meum" held on the altar by two Cherubim. Carlo Gavardini is the author of four canvases, from top left "The Annunciation" from the lower left "The Visitation" right on top "Flight into Egypt", right below "The Presentation in the Temple." The Church preserves the organ of the Venetian master Gaetano Callido 1794.
Oratorio dei Filippini.
Built in the eighteenth century on the instructions of the architect Giuseppe Valadier.
Sacred Heart Church.
Creation of the nineteenth century.
Church of the Blessed Sacrament.
The church was built in the thirteenth century by the Knights of the Order of the Hospital of St. John of Jerusalem was later almost completely rebuilt, is an exception portal of entry remained intact.
Church of St. Catherine.
Church of the Convent of Friars Minor Tower Jerusalem Flow through in the sixteenth century by the Knights Hospitallers (one of the variants of the name of the order that was born in Jerusalem in 1048 by the Merchants of Maritime Republic of Amalfi, they decided to form a church in the Holy City, a convent and a hospital), the tower was built at the highest point of the city. The square tower is about high and about long. It is characterized by outer walls thick and a floor plan reminiscent of the Cross of St. John. The front door is surmounted by a lunette of tenth-century early Christian relief that is an allegorical figure of the Crucifixion of Christ. An element indicates that the tradition comes from the Abbey of the Holy Cross at the Imperial Chienti. In the second half of the seventeenth century, on the tower were added two bells, the largest is dedicated to Christ, the Virgin Mary, to St. Nicholas and Sant'Elpidio Patron of the town, and on the east side of the tower in place of a mechanical watch below the eight-pointed cross of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem, and above an altar (1893) dedicated to the protagonists of the unification of Italy: Vittorio Emanuele II, Camillo Benso Conte di Cavour, Giuseppe Garibaldi and Giuseppe Mazzini.
Civil architectures.
Walls.
The town contains the remains of of the walls thirteenth and fourteenth century) Medieval and only three of the seven original doors. Via Towers offers a magnificent view of the surrounding municipalities and of the Sibillini Mountains.
Port Channel.
The defensive architecture built in the fourteenth century, is the only original door still intact. On its walls was set in 1527, a stone bas-relief depicting Sant'Elpidio a horse appeared in a battle against the Saracens.
Porta Marina.
Rebuilt at the beginning of the nineteenth century after being destroyed by the cannons of Napoleon's army in 1797.
Porta Romana.
Entirely rebuilt during the fascist era (1930).
Town Hall.
Built in the fourteenth century to perform the function of the Palazzo dei Priori, was renovated in the sixteenth century following the directions of the architect Pellegrino Tibaldi. The facade is in classic style. It houses a historical archive.
Theatre Louis Cicconi.
1870 made the construction of a project by Irenaeus Aleandri retains only the neoclassical façade. The interior has been completely redone in the years 1952 to 1953.
Fountain of Pupa.
Made to celebrate the installation of the water supply of the city. Launched on 16 September 1907.
Marquis of Santa Caterina.
The complex built in the eighteenth century by the family of Nannerini is enriched in some rooms with frescoes on the walls. The historical archives of the Falconi Family testifies to the social prestige covered by the penultimate owners of the villa. The Church of St. Catherine in which the parish is the heart of the same name.
Villa Brancadoro.
The building retains the walls next to the tower of an ancient monastery of the thirteenth century.
Palazzo Montalto Nannerini.
The Palace of Cardinal Peretti Montalto nephew of Sixtus V, becomes the property of the Marquis of Nannerini Nannarini, then the order of the Oblates Salesian Monastery, the Benedictine Nuns, and finally the Sisters of the Sacred Heart. Now its rooms are home to the Contrada San Giovanni.
Palace Brancadoro.
Built in the early nineteenth century by Cardinal Cesare Brancadoro.
Museums.
Archives.
Keep manuscripts dating from the ninth century, parchment, bubbles Papal and Imperial.
Civic art gallery.
Located in the ancient convent of the Philippines, contains within it the Coronation of the Virgin Altarpiece of the fifteenth century by Vittore Crivelli consists of 18 panels made with the technique of egg tempera on wood in which the painter depicts top from left to right St. Anthony of Padua, Sant'Elpidio, Madonna, The Messiah, St. Mary Magdalene, St. Bernardine of Siena, in the center from left to right St. Bonaventure, St. John the Baptist, The Coronation of the Virgin St. Francis of Assisi, Saint Louis of Toulouse, and the bottom six small panels.
Within the picture gallery are preserved two other works by the painter Veneto, a triptych of coping "Visitation of the Virgin to St. Elizabeth," which consists of four panels made with the technique of egg tempera on wood and a painting of a Franciscan Monaco. Outstanding are the works by De Hernestus Schaychis "Madonna del Rosario", Nicola Monti "The Virgin with the Child in her arms" and Jerome Tooth "Assumption of the Virgin." The building restored by the architect Giuseppe Valadier, it also houses the hall of silver which contains fine works of gold and silver produced from the seventeenth century to the nineteenth century. The art collection contains works of contemporary graphic Bruscaglia, Cagli, Capozucca, Ciarrocchi, Licata, Pierleoni Offidani, Sanchini and Trubbiani.
Shoe museum.
The museum house slippers, clogs, sandals, shoes and boots products from the Middle Ages as well as in Italy and in other European countries, India, China, Africa, Canada and Latin America. The museum also houses antique prints, calzatoi and equipment and machinery that shoemakers have used in the past for the production of their product. The museum is also home to the shoes worn by Popes Leo XIII, Pope John XXIII and John Paul II.
Fossil museum.
Set within the Noble Contrada of St. John houses artifacts of the era Paleozoic, Mesozoic, Cenozoic, Neozoic.
Astronomical observatory.
Inaugurated on 8 December 1986 through the efforts of Professor John Tombolini, who was responsible for the creation and management. It has a reflecting telescope of in diameter and is open to the public on Mondays from 22:00 to 24:00. In 2005 also the Astrophysics and scientific Disclosing Italian Margherita Hack crossed the front door of the structure that has had the honor of hosting the first national seminar of gnomonic.
Celebrations, traditions and folklore.
Patron saint.
It occurs on 2 September of each year.
Contention bucket.
Born in 1953 is the first reenactment of the Marches (second Sunday of August).
City Middle Ages.
Established in 1993 to commemorate the life of the city in the fourteenth century (the last week of July).

</doc>
<doc id="5903823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903823" title="Humanity (ATB song)">
Humanity (ATB song)

"Humanity" is the second single released by ATB from his album "".

</doc>
<doc id="5903830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903830" title="The Ultimate Fighter 2">
The Ultimate Fighter 2

The Ultimate Fighter 2 was the second season of the mixed martial arts reality television series "The Ultimate Fighter". The season featured a heavyweight and a welterweight division, with 9 fighters initially in each division. The UFC coaches for this season were welterweight and middleweight champions Matt Hughes and Rich Franklin. Season 1 coach and former UFC champion Randy Couture hosted and designed the team challenge segments, which if won would allow the winning team to pair a fighter from their team against another in elimination matches. The finale aired on November 5, 2005, and it set a ratings record for the UFC with a 2.0 overall rating.
For many years, Season 2 was the only season where all fights that took place were considered as professional MMA bouts by the Nevada State Athletic Commission. However, this has recently been changed and they are now considered to be exhibition bouts.
Cast.
Fighters.
"* Burkman was replaced by Von Flue due to injury on episode 2."
Episodes.
Episode 1: A New Crop (Original Air Date: 22 August 2005)
Episode 2: The Teams Are Picked (Original Air Date: 29 August 2005)
Episode 3: No Pain, No Grain (Original Air Date: 5 September 2005)
Episode 4: Strategy (Original Air Date: 12 September 2005)
Episode 5: Leave It In The Octagon (Original Air Date: 19 September 2005)
Episode 6: Slugfest (Original Air Date: 26 September 2005)
Episode 7: No Respect (Original Air Date: 3 October 2005)
Episode 8: Knees And Elbows (Original Air Date: 10 October 2005)
Episode 9: Mental Game (Original Air Date: 17 October 2005)
Episode 10: Killer Instinct (Original Air Date: 24 October 2005)
Episode 11: Heavyweight Semi-Final (Original Air Date: 31 October 2005)
Episode 12: Semi-Finals Countdown (Original Air Date: 1 November 2005)
Heavyweight Bracket.
Legend

</doc>
<doc id="5903831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903831" title="Jim Dent">
Jim Dent

James Lacey Dent (born May 9, 1939) is an American professional golfer.
Dent was born in the golf mecca of Augusta, Georgia, home of the Masters Tournament, though as an African American he wouldn't have been allowed onto the Augusta National course at the time, except as a caddie. He caddied both at Augusta National and at Augusta Country Club as a youth. Dent attended Augusta's historically black Paine College. 
Dent turned pro in 1966. During his regular (under 50) career he was Florida PGA Champion three times. However he is mainly notable for his success on the Senior PGA Tour (now Champions Tour), where he won 12 tournaments between 1989 and 1998.
Professional wins (4).
Senior PGA Tour wins (12).
Senior PGA Tour playoff record (2–2)

</doc>
<doc id="5903843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903843" title="Mohammed Berrada">
Mohammed Berrada

Mohammed Berrada (), also transliterated Muhammad Baradah, (born 1938 in Rabat) is a Moroccan novelist, literary critic and translator writing in Arabic. He is considered one of Morocco's most important modern authors.
From 1976 to 1983, Berrada was the president of Morocco's writers union. He teaches Arab literature at the faculté des lettres of the Mohammed V University in Rabat. He is a member of the advisory board of the Moroccan literary magazine Prologue.
Berrada belonged to a literary movement that wanted to experiment with new techniques of writing (what Moroccan critics call attajrib (experimentation). The text does not give much weight to the plot and is written in independent scenes, images, thoughts and portraits. In the field of language, dialects take on an important role, such as Fassi (the dialect of Fez) together with wordplay and allusions.
Since 1978, Berrada has been married to Leila Shahid, ambassador of the State of Palestine to the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="5903846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903846" title="List of current Argentine senators">
List of current Argentine senators

This is a list of current Argentine Senators - members of the Argentine Senate - arranged alphabetically by the province they represent.
Composition.
The Front of Victory block and allies have 38 votes (PJ - Front for Victory, New Encounter, Neuquino People's Movement (MPN), Civic Front for Santiago, Front for Everyone, and Salta Renewal Party); the sum of the various opposition blocks have 34 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="5903857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903857" title="The Ultimate Fighter 3">
The Ultimate Fighter 3

The Ultimate Fighter 3 was the third season of the mixed martial arts reality television series "The Ultimate Fighter". It premiered on April 6, 2006, immediately after the conclusion of "Ultimate Fight Night 4". The season featured sixteen fighters (eight light heavyweights and eight middleweights) with still-feuding former champion Tito Ortiz and Ken Shamrock as coaches. The finale aired on June 24, 2006 and tied the UFC's all-time record with a 2.0 overall rating.[http://www.ivansblog.com/2006/07/mixed-martial-arts-ultimate-fighter-3.html].
There were several rule changes from the previous "Ultimate Fighter" seasons. There were to be no team challenges. All fighters would have to win a preliminary match before advancing to the semi-finals—which in practice started the single-elimination tournament at the beginning of the series instead of near the end. The first preliminary match was set by the team who won a coin toss. All subsequent first-round match-ups were set by the team that won the previous match. Each fight was set for two rounds instead of the normal three. If there was a draw after two rounds, the match would go to a final, five-minute tiebreaker round. In such a case, the judges' final decision on the match would be based solely on the third round (unless the fight was stopped by the referee before the end of the round). Coaches were allowed to bring two other assistant coaches to assist with training, whereas in previous seasons, assistant trainers hired by the UFC worked for both camps.
This series of "The Ultimate Fighter" was also the first in which fighters who reside outside of North America had participated (Michael Bisping, Clitheroe, England; Ross Pointon, Stoke-on-Trent, England).
As a part of their agreement to work as coaches for "The Ultimate Fighter 3", Shamrock and Ortiz had a rematch of their "UFC 40" fight at "UFC 61", which Ortiz won.
A 5 disc DVD set of the entire season, full finale, and auditions was released in stores entitled The Ultimate Fighter 3: The Ultimate Grudge.
Episodes.
Episode 1: Fresh Meat (Original Air Date: 6 April 2006)
Episode 2: The Basketball (Original Air Date: 13 April 2006)
Episode 3: Team Dagger (Original Air Date: 20 April 2006)
Episode 4: Hitting it Hard (Original Air Date: 27 April 2006)
Episode 5: The Truce Is Over (Original Air Date: 4 May 2006)
Episode 6: The Letter (Original Air Date: 11 May 2006)
Episode 7: Mohawk (Original Air Date: 18 May 2006)
Episode 8: The Fuse Is Lit (Original Air Date: 25 May 2006)
Episode 9 :The Golden Boy (Original Air Date: 1 June 2006)
Episode 10: Full House (Original Air Date: 8 June 2006)
Episode 11: The Jungle (Original Air Date: 15 June 2006)
Episode 12: Bangin' (Original Air Date: 15 June 2006)
Tournament Bracket.
Light Heavyweight Bracket.
"* Inhofer decided to quit the show. His semi-finals spot was then replaced by Forbes.
"* Hamill was injured after his fight. Pointon stepped up one weight class to replace him.
Coaches' Fight.
UFC 61: Bitter Rivals was held on July 8, 2006 in Las Vegas, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="5903859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903859" title="Ken Wiederhorn">
Ken Wiederhorn

Ken Wiederhorn is a film and television director, known mainly for the horror films "Shock Waves" and "Return of the Living Dead Part II". Other features include "Eyes of a Stranger", "Meatballs II", and "A House in the Hills".
He also directed multiple episodes of "21 Jump Street", "Dark Justice", and "Freddy's Nightmares". Documentaries include, "Mission In Mississippi", "Breaking Vegas", "US Marshals; The Real Story", "Hunt for Amazing Treasure", and "Fugitive Task Force:
He and fellow Columbia School of the Arts student, Reuben Trane, won the first Student Academy Award in the Drama category for their thesis film, "Manhattan Melody."

</doc>
<doc id="5903871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903871" title="Ten Thirteen Productions">
Ten Thirteen Productions

Ten Thirteen Productions is a production company founded by Chris Carter in 1993, which produced four television series and two films ("The X-Files: Fight the Future" and ""). The company was named after Carter's birthday, October 13. The Ten Thirteen offices are located in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, California.
History.
The company was founded when Carter began his series "The X-Files" in 1993. With the success of "The X-Files" continuously growing, in 1996 the company embarked on a new series; "Millennium". The series lasted for three seasons. In 1998 they released an X-Files film, "", which grossed $189,198,313. In 1999, as "Millennium" was canceled, a third series was put into production, "Harsh Realm". Despite critical praise, it was canceled after only nine episodes. In 2001 they decided to create a direct spin-off from "The X-Files" and the result was "The Lone Gunmen". This was canceled after one season. 

</doc>
<doc id="5903876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903876" title="Lark Quarry Dinosaur Trackways">
Lark Quarry Dinosaur Trackways

Lark Quarry Dinosaur Trackways (also known just as Lark Quarry) in Australia was once considered to be the site of the world's only known record of a dinosaur stampede. Fossilised footprints have been interpreted as a predator stalking and causing a stampede of around 150 two-legged dinosaurs.
The Lark Quarry site is about south west of the western Queensland town of Winton.
Origin.
The traditional account is that a group of perhaps 180 chicken-sized Coelurosaurs ("Skartopus") and Bantam to emu-sized "Wintonopus" were disturbed by the arrival of a single much larger carnivore - a theropod named "Tyrannosauropus", which may have been up to 10 metres long with 50-centimetre feet. 
"Skartopus" and "Wintonopus" are thought to have stampeded past "Tyrannosauropus", leaving thousands of footprints in the surrounding mudflat. More recent research by the University of Queensland however has shown that the large tracks apparently didn't belong to a large theropod at all, but were probably left by a large herbivore similar to "Muttaburrasaurus".
Additional research by Romilio "et al." published in the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology in 2013 casts further doubt on the original interpretation. Analysis of the sediments indicates that they were deposited by a seasonal water course with water flowing at different depths and speeds at different times. The footprints were most likely made over a period of time, perhaps several days, by dinosaurs crossing the channel. The authors also found no significant difference in the form of the footprints attributed to both "Skartopus" and "Wintonopus", and suggest that they were made by different-sized animals of the same species.
Whatever actually took place, not long after the incident, the water level began to rise, covering the tracks with sandy sediments before the mud had dried. The footprints were buried beneath sand and mud as the water levels continued to rise and fall. Over thousands of millennia, the rich river plain with sandy channels, swamps and lush lowland forest dried up. The sediment covering the footprints was compressed to form rock. 
Discovery and preservation.
The footprints were first discovered in the 1960s by station manager in the nearby Seymour Quarry. 
Palaeontologists from the Queensland Museum and the University of Queensland excavated Lark Quarry during 1976–77 (the quarry was named after Malcolm Lark, a volunteer who removed a lot of the overlying rock.) Altogether they removed more than 60 tonnes of rock, and uncovered about 210 square metres of the layer with the fossils. This shows about 3300 dinosaur footprints.
A sheltering roof was built over the site but did not stop the gradual damage caused by exposure to the weather. The present Conservation Building that covers the trackways was constructed in 2002. This building protects the main collection of footprints from damage by stabilising temperature and humidity fluctuations, stops water running over the footprints and keeps people and wildlife off the footprints themselves.
The Dinosaur Stampede National Monument was included in the Australian National Heritage List on 20 July 2004, for values of rarity and research.

</doc>
<doc id="5903890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903890" title="Théophile Ferré">
Théophile Ferré

Théophile Charles Gilles Ferré (Paris, May 6, 1846 – Satory, November 1871) was one of the members of the Paris Commune, who authorized the execution of Georges Darboy, the archbishop of Paris, and five other hostages, on 24 May, 1871. He was captured by the army, tried by a military court, and was shot at Satory, an army camp southwest of Versailles. He was the first of twenty-five Commune members to be executed for their role in the Paris Commune. 
Ferré was condemned to death for having ordered the execution of six hostages including Georges Darboy, the archbishop of Paris. Darboy, Bonjean (président de chambre à la Cour de cassation), the priest Deguerry of the Église de la Madeleine, and Allard, Clerc, Ducoudray of the Society of Jesus were executed on May 24 of the "Semaine Sanglante" or "Bloody Week" (Sunday, May 21-Sunday, May 28). The Archibishop and several hundred others had been arrested by the Commune in April as hostages, whom the Commune hoped to exchange for Louis-Auguste Blanqui, a revolutionary and honorary President of the Commune, who had been arrested by the French government on March 15. However, the provisional head of the French government, Adolphe Thiers refused any negotiation with the Commune for the release of hostages. 
On 24 May, in the midst of Bloody Week, a delegation of National guardsmen, led by Gustave Genton, a member of the Committee of Public Safety of the Commune, came to the new headquarters of the Commune at the city hall of the 11th arrondissment and demanded the immediate execution of the hostages held at the prison of La Roquette. The new prosecutor of the Commune, Ferré hesitated and then wrote a note: "Order to the Citizen Director of la Roquette to execute six hostages." Genton asked for volunteers to serve as a firing squad, and went to the La Roquette prison, where many of the hostages were being held. Genton was given a list of hostages and selected six names, including the Archbishop of Paris three priests. The Director of the Prison, Francois, refused to give up the Archbishop without a specific order from the Commune. Genton sent a deputy back to Ferré, who wrote "and especially the archbishop" on the bottom of his note. The archbishop and five other hostages were promptly taken out into the courtyard of the prison, lined up against the wall, and shot.
Defenders of the Commune later justified the action of Ferré as an act of retaliation for the summary executions carried out by the French Army during Bloody Week. 
Louise Michel, the famed "Red Virgin" of the Commune celebrated in a poem by Victor Hugo, was deeply in love with Théophile Ferré. Both were from the same district: Montmartre. Both took the same defiant attitude at their trial, as described by Lissagaray in his ""Histoire de la Commune de 1871"" (Bruxelles: Kistemaeckers ed, 1876), and both were eventually buried (Michel died in 1905) in the same cemetery. 

</doc>
<doc id="5903894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903894" title="Janatantrik Terai Mukti Morcha">
Janatantrik Terai Mukti Morcha

The Janatantrik Terai Mukti Morcha (JTMM) (Nepali: जनतान्त्रिक तराई मुक्ति मोर्चा, "Janatāntrika Tarāī Muktī Morcā", "Terai People's Liberation Front;" also Terai Janatantrik Mukti Morcha (TJMM)) is a terrorist organisation,claiming to be a revolutionary organisation in Nepal. It was formed in 2004 as a split from the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) (CPN-M) around Jay Krishna Goit. The group accused the CPN-M of not guaranteeing the autonomy of the Terai region.
The Jwala Singh faction of the Janatantrik Terai Mukti Morcha (JTMM-J) was formed by Nagendra Kumar Paswan AKA Jwala Singh in August 2006 after he broke away from the Goit-led JTMM. Jwala Singh is a former CPN-M cadre and had joined Goit when he floated the JTMM. Later, Singh developed differences with Goit over strategies for the liberation of the Terai and establishment of an independent Terai state. The Jwala and Goit factions have a history of competition, armed conflict, and assassination of each others' cadres, although they had moments of rapprochement in 2009.
The Jwala Singh faction (MRJP-R), smaller but likewise the perpetrator of violent attacks, is led by Rajeev Jha.
Leadership and structure.
The original faction of the JTMM was formed in July 2004 by Jaya Krishna Goit after splitting from the CPN-M. Goit had been a former leader of the Unified Marxist Leninist Party (UML) and the coordinator of the Madhesi National Liberation Front within the CPN-M. Goit accused the Maoist leadership of betraying the Madhesi people, and began to directly and violently oppose the CPN-M. The Goit faction is believed to comprise about a thousand main supporters; Goit's main lieutenant is Pawan Singh.
Jwala Singh is the leader of one JTMM splinter group, the JTMM-J. The group claims to have formed an armed militia in 12 of the 20 Terai districts. With a cadre strength of a few hundred, this group has an organisation modeled on the CPN-M, including central and district level governments and a Terai Liberation Army. Having fought against both the government and the Goit faction for several years, Jwala Singh indicated in January 2009 that eventual reconciliation and merger with the Goit faction was likely.
Another distinct group within the JTMM is the (JTMM-R), led by Rajeev Jha. This faction has also entered into independent negotiations with the Nepalese government, with which it has ties through Vice President Parmanand Jha's media secretary.
In April 2011, after at least six rounds of talks with the Nepalese government since 2007, these main factions of the JTMM claimed to lay down arms and end their violent campaigns.
Activities.
The JTMM seeks to form an independent Terai state populated and governed by Madhesis. In pursuit of these aims, the JTMM and similar groups have sought to seize Terai lands from non-Madhesi owners, resulting in streams of non-Madhesis fleeing the region.
The JTMM claims to be a legitimate political party, however both of its factions have been involved in assassination, murder, abduction, forceful donation (extortion) and other human rights violations. The JTMM generally targets Pahadis and other non-Madhesis, those that resist extortion, and ordinary residents. Most of its activities are similar to those of the CPN-M during the Nepalese Civil War (1996–2006). It has formed a parallel government and is actively involved in the collection of "taxes" from ordinary Nepalese citizens. The government of Nepal recognizes the JTMM as a criminal group rather than a political party.
The JTMM is primarily active in the Madhesi-populated Terai region bordering India in the districts of Siraha, Sunsari, Dhanusa, Morang, Sarlahi, Bara, Banke, Bardiya, Kailali, Kanchanpur, Parsa, Rupandeli, Janakpur, Saptari, Mahottari, Birganj, Rautahat, Rolpa, Hetauda and chitwan.
History.
In 2004 the JTMM, led by Jay Krishna Goit, split from the CPN-M. Many Madhesis, comprising nearly half the population of Nepal, felt marginalized by the 2006 peace deal between the government and the CPN-M that ended the decade-long Nepalese Civil War. Frustrated Madhesis feared they would not have a place in any future government under the agreement.
Throughout its period of militancy, the JTMM remained in a heated battle with its parent organization. In August 2005, several leading JTMM members were killed in fighting with the CPN-M. In July 2006, the CPN-M declared war against JTMM, accusing the JTMM of assassinating Maoist cadres.
In January 2007, JTMM activists defied a curfew and clashed with police, resulting in the death of at least 24 people. On January 31, 2007, the JTMM made a truce with the government to create conditions for negotiations. Its demands included that imprisoned JTMM cadres be released and the charges against them be dropped. In the beginning of March 2007, JTMM declared that it would resume its armed insurgency because, it claimed, the government had not fulfilled its commitments regarding the truce.
In March 2008, the JTMM claimed responsibility for separate attacks that killed two CPN-M workers and one leftist candidate ahead of the 2008 Elections. The group continued to carry out attacks, bombings, and abductions through April 2011. The JTMM purported to lay down its arms in March 2011. Its current chairman Rajeev Jha AKA Utkarsha stated the Madhesi revolution would continue in a peaceful fashion, pledging to continue talks with the Nepalese government.
Terrorism.
The JTMM has not been listed individually as a terrorist organization by any country, however the United States has designated the CPN-M, in which many JTMM cadres formerly served, a terrorist organization. In its country reports, the United States Department of State has referred to the JTMM as a "terrorist group" on at least one occasion. Under United States law, knowing past or present membership in or material support (including payments) to any organization that seizes, abducts, or threatens to kill, injure, or ransom persons renders aliens inadmissible to the United States on terrorism grounds, whether or not a group is individually listed.

</doc>
<doc id="5903896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903896" title="Erjon Bogdani">
Erjon Bogdani

Erjon Bogdani (born 14 April 1977 in Tirana) is an Albanian Retired footballer who played as a striker for Partizani Tirana in Albania, Gençlerbirliği in Turkey, NK Zagreb in Croatia and in Italy for Reggina, Salernitana, Verona, Siena, Chievo, Livorno, Cesena. In the international level he represented as well the Albania national football team.
Club career.
Early years.
Bogdani was discovered by local side Partizani Tirana at the age of just 10 in a school team competition held in Tirana, where he scored 11 goals in just four games. The young Bogdani then joined Partizani Tirana's academy, where he played through the different age groups and eventually signing his first professional contract with the club in 1994.
Partizani Tirana.
Bogdani made his professional debut with Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga in the 1993–94 season, where he played 7 games in the second half of the season. The following season he scored his first goal in a campaign which saw him play 13 games and score 2 goals. The 1997–98 campaign would prove to be his most successful in Albanian football as he scored 13 goals in just 15 games before the winter break.
This attracted the attention of several foreign clubs, but Bogdani decided to move to Turkey with Gençlerbirliği in the Süper Lig where he played for the second half of the 1997–98 season.
NK Zagreb.
Bogdani later moved to Zagreb and played there for 1. HNL club NK Zagreb scoring 15 goals in 26 matches. In his first season 1998–99 with NK Zagreb he played only 14 games scoring 9 goals. In season 1999–2000 he scored 6 goals in 12 games. With the first half of Croatian First League season over, Bogdani was transferred to Italy at the winter break.
Italy.
In January 2000, Bogdani joined Reggina and made his Serie A debut on 6 February against Bologna. In Reggio Calabria, except for the 2001–02 season in the Serie B, he played 37 Serie A games, and scored 4 goals. In 2003–04 season, he was loaned at Salernitana in the Serie B.
Hellas Verona.
In 2004–05 season, Bogdani was signed by Verona and was the team top-scorer of Verona in the Serie B with 17 goals, 3 goals behind top-scorer Gionatha Spinesi, 2 goals behind Diego Milito of Genoa and Francesco Tavano. The 2004–05 season was his personal best, he has never scored more goals in one season, than in the 2004–05 season.
Chievo Verona.
In summer 2005, Bogdani made returned to Italy's top-flight, but now for A.C. Siena. He played for the club for a season and a half, before joining Chievo in January 2007.
In Chievo, he made his club debut on 14 January 2007 against Catania. He scored 5 goals in 19 games, but failed to avoid relegation. He was loaned out to Livorno at the start of the 2007–08 Serie A season but since then has not had a season to remember after suffering relegation to Seria B with Livorno.
In the 2008–09 and 2009–10 seasons he has been part of Chievo where he scored 11 goals in 58 games before moving to Cesena.
Cesena.
In the 2010–11 season, Bogdani joined A.C. Cesena and made his debut on 28 August 2010 against A.S. Roma in a 0–0 draw. He scored his first goal for Cesena against Milan, he also assisted the second goal made by Giaccherini in a 2–0 win. Bogdani was voted as the " Man of the match " against A.C. Milan and U.S. Lecce and has been selected in the " Serie A, Team of the week ". Bogdani scored eight goals for A.C. Cesena in 49 appearances. He scored his first goal of 2011 in 19 January a game played in Milano against Internazionale but still lost 3–2. He scored the equalizer in a 1–1 match between Lecce in the 90+2' on 30 January.
Siena.
Bogdani re-signed for AC Siena on the final day of the winter transfer window, on a two-year contract. He made his debut with the Tuscans 22 February 2012, in the home defeat against Liverpool (0–1 for the Etna). Scored his first goal in the league 26 February 2012 in the win against Palermo (4–1). Is repeated in the next two weeks against Cagliari and Cesena, his former team. Concluded the season with 11 appearances and 4 goals.
The following season begins from the first minute in Siena-Vicenza (4–2), valid for the third round of the Italian Cup, going out to 33 'of recovery instead of Paolucci. He made his debut in the league on 26 August against Torino (0–0). Scored his first goal of the season on 31 Oct in Cagliari Siena (4–2). Bogdani scored second goal against Sampdoria in 20 January 2013.
Career statistics.
, the last match against AC Milan. 
International career.
Albania under-21.
It was not until Bogdani had made his senior international debut that he became part of the Albania U-21 team, where he scored on his official debut in a 1998 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualifier against Portugal U-21 on 9 October 1996. Following his goal however, he was sent off after receiving the first red card of his career just 4 minutes after scoring his first international goal, Albania went on to lose the game 4–2. In total he made 7 official appearances for the U-21 national team, scoring one goal and losing all 7 games that he featured in.
Albania senior team.
Bogdani received his first senior international call up from Neptun Bajko in 1996 for a friendly in Zenica against Bosnia & Herzegovina. He made his international debut at the age of 19 years and 10 days old on 24 April 1996 in goalless draw, coming on as an 86th minute substitute for fellow debute Ardian Behari.
For the 2014 World Cup qualifiers, new coach Gianni De Biasi had introduced young forwards into the senior national team to create more competition for places in the first team. Young players forwards such as Edgar Çani, Armando Sadiku and Bekim Balaj provided competition for the established and mature internationals which were Bogdani and Hamdi Salihi. In opening group game of the qualifiers, Albania took on Cyprus at the Qemal Stafa Stadium in Tirana, and with De Biasi opting to start with Sadiku and Salihi upfront Bogdani started the game on the substitutes bench. With the scores at 1–1 Bogdani came on in the 72nd minute to replace Emiljano Vila and join the two forwards upfront. Edgar Çani also came off the bench to put Albania ahead in the 84th minute. Bodgani then fired a 30-yard strike into the net in the 87th minute to secure a 3–1 win, a goal which many considered to be the best international goal of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="5903906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903906" title="Second VA-65 (U.S. Navy)">
Second VA-65 (U.S. Navy)

Attack Squadron 65 (VA-65), nicknamed "The World Famous Fighting Tigers", was an attack squadron of the United States Navy. It was the second squadron to bear the VA-65 designation. The squadron was established as Torpedo Squadron VT-74 in 1945, redesignated as VA-2B in 1946, as VA-25 on 1 September 1948, and finally redesignated VA-65 in 1959. It was disestablished in 1993. Known as "The World Famous Fighting Tigers", VA-65 was one of the last medium attack squadrons to fly the A-6 Intruder and the A-1 Skyraider.
History.
The final home base of VA-65 was NAS Oceana, Virginia (full name Apollo Soucek Field), a Master Jet Base. The squadron occupied the spaces of Hangar 122, port side. Hangar 122 is located next to the water tower and field identifier revolving light. These spaces included maintenance areas on the hangar deck, office spaces on the second floor, and offices plus ready room on the top floor.
VA-65 is in US Navy nomenclature, a shortened acronym for ATKRON-65, this stands for Attack Squadron-65, VA is broken into V for fixed-wing, A for attack. Also called the Bombing 65th, as it was an attack squadron. VA-65 was fleet based, meaning attached to an aircraft carrier for deployments. Their last cruise was during Desert Storm /Desert Shield in 1990–1991 aboard USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71). As was common during the Gulf War, many squadrons painted "nose art" on at least one airplane. VA-65 painted a caricature of comic strip cat Garfield, with a large stick and flight helmet, with the caption, "TR's Big Stick"
VA-65 was scheduled to take part in a UNITAS cruise in 1959 UNITAS has been instrumental in improving working relationships among U.S. and Latin American naval forces around the horn of South America multiple stops on board the USS Theodore Roosevelt in the summer of 1993. Unfortunately the squadron received word it would disestablished before the cruise. In addition the aircraft carrier did a Mediterranean cruise and a short stint in the Red Sea in 1993, not an UNITAS cruise.
Reasons were budgetary in nature, as the VA-65 Tigers were flying the venerable A-6 Intruder which was being phased out in the early 1990s, and was completely removed from service in 1997. At the time, VA-65 had just won the Atlantic Fleet Battle E Award for best Attack Squadron.
Insignia and "The Beast" nickname.
The squadron’s first insignia was approved by CNO on 9 August 1945. During the time when the squadron’s insignia was approved, VT-74 was flying the SB2C which was nicknamed "The Beast". Consequently, the squadron’s insignia took on the shape of a beast riding a torpedo. There is no record of the colors used for this insignia.
After VT-74 was redesignated VA-2B, it continued to use the old insignia until 17 April 1947 when CNO approved a new insignia for the squadron. The insignia adopted by VA-2B reflected the squadron’s new attack mission. The horsehead chess piece was designed to relate the squadron’s power to that of a medieval knight and the fleur-de-lis represented integrity. Colors for the insignia were: a yellow background; red scroll with yellow lettering, black banner with a black and white pole; white knight with a yellow collar; a white lightning bolt; and the Fleur-de-lis was red with a black band.
The Knight insignia continued as the official insignia for the squadron following its redesignation to VA-25 on 1 September 1948. A new insignia for VA-25 was approved by CNO on 4 April 1950. The new insignia was a front view of a tiger on the prowl. Colors were: yellow background; brown tiger with green eyes, and white teeth, whiskers and claws; and a red tongue and mouth. When VA-25 was redesignated VA-65 in 1959 the tiger insignia was retained and remained VA-65’s insignia until its disestablishment.
Nickname: "Tigers" 1950–1993.
Desert Storm.
The final VA-65, from around the time of Desert Storm to the bitter end in 1993, had a very strong JOPA group. JOPA stands for Junior Officer Protection Association. A group only open to Lieutenants and below that are commissioned officers. Voting in secret sessions, the officers would decide on any thing, from parties to how they were going to act towards certain policies in the Navy and squadron life itself. One of the slogans of JOPA is "No Major Problems" meaning that they do not allow any Lieutenant Commanders or above in the group, as the officer insignia for an LCDR and CDR (Commander) are identical to that US Army, Air Force, and Marine: Major's oak leaf. The last Carrier Air Group VA-65 belonged to was CAG-8, and there was a JOPA edition of the CAG patch banned by a subsequent CAG.
Even civilians have had some contact with VA-65. On the final cruise, a "final checker" was sucked into an engine inlet, and was caught on the carrier close circuit TV. Subsequently, this video was shown on multiple TV video shows. the crew member survived, as his shoulder jammed into the "bullet" of the engine, and due to the quick thinking and training of the aircrew (pilot LT. Bill 'Gillie' Gillcrist..B/N LT Chris 'Rasta' Shay) and deck crew, they were able to shut down before he was sucked down through the blades. His cranial and radio equipment were sucked in, and destroyed the engine. Later that night bandaged and bruised he appeared on the closed circuit TV station (TR TV) on the USS Theodore Roosevelt with the boat's CO, and discussed his ordeal.
At one point VA-65's tactical call sign, used when flying, for example "Tiger 06", was something not so tactical ... it was "cupcake". It was suggested by the wife of the VA-65 commanding officer after tiger cubs were born, and one was named "cupcake". The name came back to haunt the squadron after one of its members, LTjg Tracy Thorne, declared he was a homosexual on Ted Koppel's news show, "NightLine". This was one of the first fights over service in the military by open homosexuals.
Assignments.
Location Assignment Date

</doc>
<doc id="5903910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903910" title="VA25">
VA25

VA-25 has the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="5903929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903929" title="Fábio Júnior Pereira">
Fábio Júnior Pereira

Fábio Júnior Pereira (born November 20, 1977 in Manhuaçu) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Boa Esporte.
He was found using a fake passport to play as an EU-player in Italy, he was then fined and banned in Italy football for a season, although he never played again in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="5903939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903939" title="Believe in Me (ATB song)">
Believe in Me (ATB song)

"Believe in Me" is a single released by André Tanneberger (ATB) from his album "".

</doc>
<doc id="5903943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903943" title="Francisco Aramburu">
Francisco Aramburu

Francisco Aramburu, or Chico (7 January 1922, Uruguaiana, RS – 10 January 1997, Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian footballer who played striker. 
Chico, commonly short for Francisco, commenced playing football in 1939 aged 17 in his hometown with EC Ferro Carril. A year later he moved to the state capital Porto Alegre where he was given the opportunity to display his skills in the colours of Grêmio. Just another year later in 1942 he followed an offer from CR Vasco da Gama in the then national capital Rio de Janeiro. the club with the Maltese cross in its crest then was the number five in town after Fluminense, Botafogo, Flamengo America-RJ.
The Urugayan coach Ondino Viera, who before had won championships with Nacional in Montevideo, CA River Plate in Buenos Aires joined Vasco at the same time. He not only re-introduced the since then typical kit with the diagonal strip but also a number of tactical innovations. The former boxer Mário Américo, who should later acquire later worldwide fame as the physiotherapist of the Brazilian national team across seven World Cups from 1950 to 1974, was another new addition to the club.
By 1945 Viera had succeeded in establishing a competitive side and led the Vasco to the sixth state championship – undefeated. The "Expresso da Vitrória", the "Victory Express", as which the team should be known from 1945 to 1952 benefited in particular from its strong attack with
Ademir de Menezes, top scorer Lelé, Isaías, Jair da Rosa Pinto und Chico on the left wing. Chico by then Chico was already renowned as an athletic, fast, both-footed dribbler with a sharp shot and was soon considered for the national team.
In December 1945 he debuted for Brazil in São Paulo against Argentina in the series of matches for the Copa Roca. The hosts lost 3–4, but a few days later Brazil defeated Argentina 6–2 in the Estádio São Januário, Vasco's stadium. Chico contributed with one goal to this highest victory of Brazil against the archrival. Brazil secured the trophy in the deciding match at the same place, winning 3:1. Also this series of matches between the two countries was marked by a very robust style. Argentina's Batagliero broke a leg in a duel with the 20-year-old Ademir.
In 1950 FIFA World Cup, he played four games and scored four goals. He played in the famous game with Uruguay, which Brazil lost, known as "Maracanazo", ultimately resulting in Brazil's failure to win the 1950 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="5903956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903956" title="Hocking Correctional Facility">
Hocking Correctional Facility

Hocking Correctional Facility is an Ohio state prison located in Ward Township, Hocking County, just north of Nelsonville, Ohio. This prison is used primarily to safely incarcerate the state's aging prison population. The prison was opened in 1983 and employs a staff of 70. The prison's operating budget for 2007 is $13,867,468; and the daily cost per inmate is $80.94. The prison, as of April 2007, currently houses 481 inmates. Of these: 111 are African American, 363 are Caucasian, and 7 are Latino. 

</doc>
<doc id="5903957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903957" title="Sebastian Diaz Morales">
Sebastian Diaz Morales

Sebastian Diaz Morales (born 1975) is an Argentine visual artist.
Born in 1975 in Comodoro Rivadivia, Argentina, and currently dividing his time between that city and Amsterdam, The Netherlands, Sebastián Díaz Morales belongs to the newest generation of Latin American artists. In his films and videos, Mr. Diaz Morales explores the possibilities of video from a perspective that falls somewhere between documentarism and reinterpretation of a reality seen through playfulness, irony, and a pained scepticism. Essentially cultured and technologically skilled, Mr. Díaz Morales, like the other members of this new generation of artists, knows how to use the filmic language by drawing on the social experiences of his country and immediate surroundings to produce works that entirely escape any parochial reading.
The creation of an unusual atmosphere imbued with a strange sense of unrest is first and foremost.
His works can be described as filmic narratives embracing stories that sometimes resemble science fiction, sometimes with certain catastrophic overtones, and in which there is an ever-present common denominator of a minimalist narrative style wherein the camera is always moving and in which the characters virtually function as metaphors for a story that goes beyond the anecdote to reveal problems of great scope in current society. His work encompasses the most contemporary and creative reportage, epic narrative, documentaries, short auteur films, filmic essays, and indeed an undeniable touch of poetry that cause his videos to oscillate between reality and fiction, always filtered through the artist's creative subjectivism.
They all start from small stories, apparently trivial situations that give rise to other symbolic stories that stir our conscience and renovate our concept of the work of art.
His work has been exhibited widely at many prominent venues—such as the Tate Modern, London; Centre Pompidou; Stedelijk Museum and De Appel, Amsterdam; Art in General, New York City; Ludwin Museum, Budapest; Bienale Sao Pablo; Biennale of Sydney; Miro Foundation, Barcelona; MUDAM, Luxemburg; and the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation, Lisbon—and is the permanent collections of the Centre Pompidou; Tate Modern; Fundacion Jumex, Mexico; Sandretto Foundation, Torino; Sammlung-Goetz, Munich; and the Fundacion de Arte Moderna, Museo Berardo, Lisbon.
In 2009 he was awarded with a Guggenheim Fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="5903961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903961" title="Taghkanic">
Taghkanic

Taghkanic, a Native American word for "forest wilderness", can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903963" title="Castelnuovo">
Castelnuovo

Castelnuovo may refer to:
Places.
"Comuni" (communes or municipalities) in Italy:
"Frazioni" (hamlets) in Italy:
Other places:

</doc>
<doc id="5903972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903972" title="TV6 (Lithuania)">
TV6 (Lithuania)

TV6 is a Lithuanian terrestrial, satellite and cable television channel owned by the Nordic television company Viasat. It was launched on 31 March 2002. In September 2008, it changed its name from Tango TV to TV6.

</doc>
<doc id="5903973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903973" title="Record press">
Record press

A record press is a machine for manufacturing vinyl records. It is essentially a hydraulic press fitted with thin nickel-plated stampers which are negative impressions of a master disc. Labels and a pre-heated vinyl patty (or "biscuit") are placed in a heated mold cavity. Two stampers are used, one for each of side of the disc. The record press closes under a pressure of about 150 tons. The process of compression molding forces the hot vinyl to fill the grooves in the stampers, and take the form of the finished record.

</doc>
<doc id="5903976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903976" title="John Bernard O'Hara">
John Bernard O'Hara

John Bernard O'Hara (29 October 1862 - 31 March 1927) was an Australian poet and schoolmaster.
O'Hara was born at Bendigo, Victoria. His father, Patrick Knight O'Hara, a primary school teacher in the education department, Victoria, also published two volumes of verse. O'Hara was educated at Carlton College and Ormond College, University of Melbourne, where he had a distinguished career. After winning various exhibitions he graduated with first-class honours in mathematics and physics in 1885. He was appointed lecturer in mathematics and natural philosophy at Ormond College in 1886, and in 1889 resigned to become headmaster of South Melbourne College. In his hands it became the leading private school in Victoria, and its pupils more than held their own in competition with those from the public schools. During a period of eight years, of 28 first-class honours gained by all the schools of Victoria in physics and chemistry, 14 were obtained by pupils from South Melbourne College. O'Hara was an inspiring teacher, and many of his pupils have since held distinguished positions in the universities of Australia.
O'Hara published his first volume of poems, "Songs of the South", in 1891. This was followed by "Songs of the South, Second Series", in 1895, "Lyrics of Nature" (1899), "A Book of Sonnets" (1902), "Odes and Lyrics" (1906), "Calypso and other Poems" (1912), "The Poems of John Bernard O'Hara, A Selection" (1918), "At Eventide" (1922), and "Sonnets and Rondels" (1925). All these volumes were favourably received by the press, and in 1919 a critic in The Times Literary Supplement spoke of O'Hara as a "singer who takes his place in the company of representative English poets". That was going too far. O'Hara wrote a large amount of carefully wrought verse, always readable and often on the verge of poetry. His sonnets are good and his nature poems charming, what he had to say was often beautifully said, but he cannot be given a high place among Australian poets.
In his youth O'Hara was a skillful cricketer and played pennant cricket for many years. As a boy he met Marcus Clarke, and was friendly with William Gay, Brunton Stephens, John Farrell and other literary men of his period. The close attention he had to give to his school kept him out of literary circles for many years. After his retirement in 1917 he did not enter them again, and lived quietly until his death on 31 March 1927. He married in 1910 Agnes Elizabeth Law of Hamilton, Victoria, who survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="5903979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903979" title="Last Summer (song)">
Last Summer (song)

"Last Summer" is the fourth single from "Start Something", the second album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets. The previous singles, "Burn Burn", "Last Train Home" and "Wake Up (Make a Move)" had all been highly successful on both sides of the Atlantic so this single was under similar pressure; it reached number 13 in the UK Singles Chart.
The song's b-side Sweet Dreams My LA Ex is a cover of a song by English popstar, and ex-member of S Club 7, Rachel Stevens.
Music video.
The music video (directed by The Malloys) for the single shows lead singer (Ian Watkins) driving around Venice, California on the last day of the summer school term. As he reaches his destination, the beach, he then goes back to the beginning and drives past the school again but in a different decade — the '70s, '80s, and the present. The song describes the band members enjoying memories past of visiting towns in South Wales such as the seaside town of Porthcawl.
In the music video, around the 3:12 mark, lead singer Daryl Palumbo and bassist Jarvis Morgan Holden of Glassjaw and Head Automatica, respectively, can be seen walking in front of the school. Also at the 2:04 mark the metal band Steel Panther are seen in front of the school.
In the music video, lead singer Ian Watkins is driving a car with the plate number 2BAI222, the same plate number is featured in episode 1 of "Numb3rs".

</doc>
<doc id="5903987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903987" title="Tainter">
Tainter

Tainter can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5903989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903989" title="Triumph TR">
Triumph TR

The Triumph TR range of cars was built between 1953 and 1981 by the Triumph Motor Company in the United Kingdom. Changes from the TR2 to the TR6 were mostly evolutionary, with a change from a live axle to independent rear suspension in 1965 and a change from a four cylinder engine to a six cylinder engine in 1967. An all-new TR7, with a unit body, an overhead camshaft four cylinder engine, and a live rear axle, was introduced in late 1974. The TR8, a development of the TR7 with a Rover V8 engine, was introduced in 1979 and was sold alongside the TR7 until TR production ended.
Concept car predecessors.
The Triumph TR-X, also known as the "Bullet", was the first Triumph car to use the TR designation. It was first shown to the public at the Paris Auto Show in late 1950. Envisioned as a personal luxury car, it had envelope styling with aluminium body panels, spats over the rear wheels, electro-hydraulically operated seats, windows, and top, onboard hydraulic jacks, and electrically-operated hidden headlights. The TR-X used the Standard Vanguard's chassis and engine, the Triumph Renown's suspension, electrically operated overdrive, and a 94 inch wheelbase.
The TR-X was discontinued after only two had been built. Standard-Triumph could not develop and manufacture a car that complicated and still sell it at a profit. Sir John Black, chairman of Standard-Triumph, was determined to have a sports car to compete with Morgan, which he had earlier tried to buy. Black ordered the design of a sports car using existing chassis, suspension, and engine, and inexpensive bodywork. Other desigh objectives were a price of approximately £500 and a top speed of at least 90 mph. 
The resulting car, the Triumph 20TS, was shown in October 1952 at the London Motor Show. Public reception was mixed; the front styling and the potential for speed were praised, the cramped interior, stubby rear end, and lack of boot space were not. BRM test driver Ken Richardson was invited to drive the car; his low opinion of the car's handling and driveability resulted in him being hired to the development team for its replacement.
Production TRs.
TR2 and TR3.
The redesign and development of the 20TS led to a longer, roomier car with a larger boot, built on an all-new frame with revised suspension and brakes and an uprated engine. The resulting Triumph TR2 was shown in March 1953 at the Geneva Motor Show. The TR2 would form the basis of the evolution of the TR line up to the TR6.
The TR3, introduced in 1955, had a front grille and a more powerful engine. In October 1956, the front brakes of the TR3 were changed from 10 in drums to 11 in discs. The TR3 was restyled in 1957 and was available with a larger 2.2 litre; engine; the restyled car was unofficially known as the TR3A. A further development, with the larger engine as standard and with a fully synchromesh gearbox, was made available in 1962, the final year of TR3 production. This last version of the TR3 was unofficially known as the TR3B.
TR4, TR5, TR250, and TR6.
Introduced in 1961, the TR4 had a completely new body designed by Giovanni Michelotti. The TR4 was upgraded to the TR4A in 1965 with the addition of independent rear suspension.
In 1967, the TR line was updated with servo-assisted brakes and a 2.5 L version of the straight-six engine that had been used in the Triumph 2000. Two different models were made: the TR250 with two Stromberg carburettors for the US market, and the TR5 with Lucas fuel injection for the rest of the world.
Both the TR250 and the TR5 were replaced by the TR6 in 1968, with the US version continuing with carburettors. The main difference between the TR6 and the TRs it replaced was its styling. The front and rear ends of the car had been restyled by German coachbuilder Karmann, giving the car a more contemporary appearance.
TR7 and TR8.
The Triumph TR7 was introduced in 1974. While all previous TRs were evolutionary designs developed from the TR2, the TR7 was an all new design owing nothing but its model designation to the earlier TRs. While the TR7's unit body and wedge shape were advertised by Leyland as major improvements, these were offset by the TR7's return to a four-cylinder engine and a live rear axle.
The TR7 was initially available as a coupé, with a convertible version being developed after the launch of the coupé. A premium-grade version using the Rover V8 engine was developed as part of the same project. Both the TR7 convertible and the premium V8 version, renamed the Triumph TR8, were introduced in 1979.
The TR7 and TR8 were discontinued in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="5903992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5903992" title="Arthur Turcotte">
Arthur Turcotte

Arthur Turcotte (January 19, 1845 – October 12, 1905) was a Quebec lawyer, journalist and political figure.
He was born Arthur-Henri-René Turcotte in Montreal in 1845, the son of Joseph-Édouard Turcotte. He studied at the Jesuit Collège Sainte-Marie de Montréal and at Stonyhurst College in England. He then studied law at the Université Laval and McGill and was called to the bar in 1867. He began practice in Trois-Rivières. In 1872, he served as parliamentary correspondent in the provincial assembly for "Le Canadien". In 1873, he became a member of the town council in Trois-Rivières and served as mayor from July 1876 to July 1877. Turcotte was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Trois-Rivières in an 1876 by-election as an independent Conservative; he was reelected in 1878. Turcotte served as speaker of the assembly from 1878 to 1882. He was named Queen's Counsel in 1878. In 1879, he helped found "La Concorde", becoming its editor. He was defeated in 1881, now running as a Liberal but, after his opponent was unseated because he was accused of bribery, won the seat in an 1884 by-election; he was reelected in 1886. Turcotte condemned the actions of the federal government during the Northwest Rebellion, was part of the campaign in Quebec to save Louis Riel and supported autonomy for the Métis people. In 1884, after "La Concorde" ceased publication, he helped establish a new newspaper, "La Sentinelle". In 1887, he was named minister without portfolio in the cabinet of Honoré Mercier and served as attorney general from 1888 to 1890. He was defeated in the 1890 election. Later that year, Turcotte was appointed protonotary for the Superior Court in Montreal district and served until his death in Montreal in 1905. He was buried in Trois-Rivières.
His brother Gustave-Adolphe served as a member of the House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5904001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904001" title="Thulin A (automobile)">
Thulin A (automobile)

"For the aircraft see:Thulin A (aircraft)"
Thulin A was an automobile made by Enoch Thulins Aeroplanfabrik between 1920 and 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="5904002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904002" title="Deepak Ghaisas">
Deepak Ghaisas

Deepak Ghaisas is the chairman of Gencoval Strategic Services Pvt Ltd. Previously he was the CEO - India Operations and CFO of I-flex Solutions Ltd., India. He has worked in the software industry since 1987.
In 1993, Ghaisas joined as the Chief Financial Officer of I-flex Solutions Ltd., India for its global operations. In 1997, he added the role of the Chief Executive Officer (India Operations), while retaining the CFO position.
He was the recipient of the CFO Asia Award in 2001, the first Indian to win the award.
He has been involved in the software industry in a number of roles, including: 
Deepak resigned from i-flex on August 8, 2008, just before it was rechristened as Oracle Financial Services Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="5904003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904003" title="Laguncularia racemosa">
Laguncularia racemosa

Laguncularia racemosa (white mangrove; syn. "Conocarpus racemosa") is a species of flowering plant in the leadwood tree family, Combretaceae. It is native to the coasts of western Africa from Senegal to Cameroon, the Atlantic coast of the Americas from Bermuda, Florida, the Bahamas, Mexico, the Caribbean and south to Brazil; and on the Pacific coast of the Americas from Mexico to northwestern Peru, including the Galápagos Islands.
It is a mangrove tree, growing to tall. The bark is gray-brown or reddish, and rough and fissured. Pneumatophores and/or prop roots may be present, depending on environmental conditions. The leaves are opposite, elliptical, long and broad, rounded at both ends, entire, smooth, leathery in texture, slightly fleshy, without visible veins, and yellow-green in color. The petiole is stout, reddish, long, with two small glands near the blade that exude sugars. The white, bell-shaped flowers are mostly bisexual and about long. The fruit is a reddish-brown drupe, about long, with longitudinal ridges. The single seed is sometimes viviparous.
It grows in coastal areas of bays, lagoons, and tidal creeks, typically growing inland of other mangroves, well above the high tide line.

</doc>
<doc id="5904013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904013" title="Geoff Whitty">
Geoff Whitty

Geoffrey "Geoff" James Whitty CBE (born 31 December 1946) is Professor for Equity in Education at the University of Newcastle, Australia and a former director of the Institute of Education, University of London, in the United Kingdom.
Born in 1946, Whitty was educated at Latymer Upper School and graduated from St John's College, Cambridge. After postgraduate study at the Institute of Education, he became a lecturer in education (sociology and social studies) at the University of Bath in 1973. In 1981, he became a lecturer in urban education at King's College London before becoming Head, Professor and Dean of Education at Bristol Polytechnic (now the University of the West of England) in 1985. 
In 1990, Whitty became Professor of Policy and Management in Education, Goldsmiths College. In 1992, he became Karl Mannheim Professor of Sociology of Education, Institute of Education. In 2000, he became director of the Institute of Education and finished his term at the end of 2010; the current director is Chris Husbands.
Professor Whitty is Chair of the British Council's Education and Training Advisory Committee. Whitty's main areas of research and scholarship are the sociology of the school curriculum, education policy, teacher education and health education. He has directed ESRC-funded research projects on the impact of education policies, such as the assisted places scheme, city technology colleges and changes in initial teacher education. His most recent project has been an evaluation of Education Action Zones.
He is the brother of Larry Whitty the former General Secretary of the Labour Party, Labour Peer and Minister.
Whitty was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2011 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="5904015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904015" title="Enrico Castelnuovo">
Enrico Castelnuovo

Enrico Castelnuovo (February 12, 1839 – February 16, 1915) was an Italian writer who had an active role in the Italian unification movement.
He was the father of Guido Castelnuovo.

</doc>
<doc id="5904020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904020" title="Matěj Kopecký">
Matěj Kopecký

Matěj Kopecký (February 24, 1775, probably in Libčany - July 3, 1847 in Koloděje nad Lužnicí, České Budějovice District) was a Czech puppeteer. For six generations his descendants followed the art of puppeteering.
Kopecký's father was poor travelling puppeteer ("histrio vagus"). Matěj Kopecký married in 1795 and moved into town Mirotice. Since 1789 to almost 1809 was forced to serve in the army, within infantry regiment from Písek. Later, he worked as watchmaker, travelling salesman or road worker. In 1818 he obtained licence for a puppet theatre and reached certain success in this activity. The parish record about his death, though, labels him as ""a histrion from Mirotice, widower and beggar"". Kopecký had at least fifteen children of which six had survived into adulthood. Most of them worked as puppeteers and the tradition was kept for six generations.
At his time the puppet theatre was, for many in Czech lands, the only contact with theatrical culture, with ideas of enlightenment and of Czech National Revival. While Kopecký was not the only Czech puppeteer, he became most known during second half of 19th century when his son Václav Kopecký published his plays in print and due to fictional painting of Kopecký by Mikoláš Aleš.
In 1905 small memorial to Kopecký was erected in Týn nad Vltavou and in 1947 another one in castle park in Koloděje nad Lužnicí. City museum in Týn nad Vltavou [http://www.pruvodce.com/tynnadvltavou/] hosts a permanent puppet exposition dedicated to Kopecký.
Works.
Kopecký had used marionettes, with height up to 60 cm.
In 1862 collection of 61 plays was published by Josef Richard Vilímek under title "Comedies and plays by Matěj Kopecký as collected by his son Václav Kopecký" ("Komedie a hry Matěje Kopeckého dle sepsání syna Václava"). Several people, among them Václav Thám, are listed as authors of the plays. Being intended for uneducated public, the plays had been full of emotions and naive humour. For most of the time Kopecký used Czech language, on occasions when had acted for high nobility German language.

</doc>
<doc id="5904035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904035" title="Ernest Henry Clark Oliphant">
Ernest Henry Clark Oliphant

Ernest Henry Clark Oliphant (14 August 1862 – 20 April 1936) was an Australian Elizabethan scholar.
Oliphant was born in Melbourne, Australia, the son of Felix Edwin Oliphant and his wife Mary Bullers, "née" Frost. He was educated at Scotch College, Melbourne and the University of Melbourne, but did not graduate. In 1884 he became an assistant librarian at the Melbourne public library, but in December 1888 resigned and went to Europe. In 1890 "Mesmerist, a Novel" was published in London, and during the years 1890-92 three papers by Oliphant on "The Works of Beaumont and Fletcher" appeared in "Englische Studien", Leipzig. These were afterwards reprinted in pamphlet form. Oliphant returned to Melbourne in 1893 took up journalism.
In 1895 Oliphant published anonymously at Korumburra, Victoria, a volume of verse, "Lyrics, Religious and Irreligious". His name appeared as publisher and he afterwards acknowledged to the present writer that he was the author of the volume. Oliphant was in Tasmania from 1899 to 1902 as editor of the "Mt Lyell Standard", and was associate-editor of the "Mining Standard", Melbourne, from 1903 to 1906. He visited England again and wrote a series of papers for the "Modern Language Review" on "Shakespeare's Plays: an Examination" which appeared in the July 1908 and January and April 1909 issues. These were also issued separately. Oliphant returned to Melbourne again and became the editor of the "Australian Mining Standard" in 1911. He held the position, with changes in the name of the journal, until 1918. 
At the beginning of World War I Oliphant wrote an able piece of propaganda, "Germany and Good Faith", which was published in Melbourne in 1914 and later in London. In the same year, in giving the annual lecture of the Melbourne Shakespeare Society, he made a plea for the fuller recognition of the other dramatists of the Elizabethan period. The lecture was published separately under the title, "The Place of Shakespeare in Elizabethan Drama". He was himself writing plays about this time, and two of them were produced at Melbourne by Gregan McMahon; "The Taint" in 1915, and "The Superior Race" in 1916. These were well received, but have neither been revived since nor published in book form. Oliphant was president of the Melbourne Shakespeare Society from 1919 to 1921.
In 1925 Oliphant went to America, was appointed a lecturer at Stanford University, California, and subsequently lectured on his own special department at other leading universities in the United States. His most important work, "The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher, An Attempt to determine their respective shares and the shares of others", was published by the Yale university press in 1927. Two years later he brought out in New York "Shakespeare and his Fellow Dramatists: A selection of plays illustrating the glories of the golden age of English drama". This was in two large volumes and included 15 plays by Shakespeare and 30 by other dramatists, with introduction and notes on the writers of the plays. Oliphant was then associated with New York University. In 1931 a one volume edition of this work was brought out with the plays by Shakespeare omitted, under the title of Elizabethan Dramatists other than Shakespeare. Oliphant was back in Melbourne in 1932 and did some public lecturing and broadcasting. In this year he was appointed Sidney Myer lecturer in Elizabethan literature at the University of Melbourne, and held this position until his death at South Yarra, Melbourne on 20 April 1936. He married in 1887 Catherine Lavinia, daughter of Peter McWhae, who survived him with two daughters. 

</doc>
<doc id="5904036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904036" title="Goodbye Tonight">
Goodbye Tonight

"Goodbye Tonight" is the fifth single from "Start Something", the second album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets. The single was fairly unsuccessful in comparison to the other singles such as "Burn Burn" and "Last Train Home". The video for "Goodbye Tonight" stars, along with the band, Mikey Way (from My Chemical Romance) and Adam Lazzara (from Taking Back Sunday), respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="5904048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904048" title="Alan Marshall">
Alan Marshall

Alan Marshall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904052" title="Tr1be Records">
Tr1be Records

Tr1be Records was an English record label of the early 1990s and home to rock band collective Natural Life. The label was a sub-label of Walt Disney's Hollywood Records operations in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="5904075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904075" title="Mechanical heat treatment">
Mechanical heat treatment

Mechanical heat treatment (MHT) is an alternative waste treatment technology. This technology is also commonly termed Autoclaving. MHT involves a mechanical sorting or pre-processing stage with technology often found in a material recovery facility. The mechanical sorting stage is followed by a form of thermal treatment. This might be in the form of a waste autoclave or processing stage to produce a refuse derived fuel pellet. MHT is sometimes grouped along with mechanical biological treatment. MHT does not however include a stage of biological degradation (anaerobic digestion or composting).
Configurations.
Different MHT systems may be configured to meet various objectives with regard to the waste outputs from the process. The alternatives (depending on the system employed) may be one or more of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5904077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904077" title="Dowell Philip O'Reilly">
Dowell Philip O'Reilly

Dowell Philip O'Reilly (18 July 1865 - 5 November 1923) was an Australian poet, short story writer and politician.
Early life.
O'Reilly was born at Sydney. His father, Rev. Thomas O'Reilly, was a well known clergyman of the Church of England, who came of a family with many military and naval associations. Dowell was the son of his second marriage, to a Miss Smith who came from a well-educated and artistic family. Dowell O'Reilly was educated at Sydney Grammar School, and when his father died he assisted his mother in keeping a preparatory school for boys at Parramatta. In 1884 O'Reilly published a small volume, "Australian Poems", and in 1888 a larger volume of verse, "A Pedlar's Pack". Both books are now extremely rare. It has been stated that the author destroyed most of the copies of the second volume in his disappointment at its lack of success. 
Political career.
In 1894 O'Reilly was elected a member of the Legislative Assembly for Parramatta and sat for four years. He moved the first motion in favour of women's suffrage carried in the New South Wales parliament, but was defeated at the 1898 election. He became a master at his old school, the Sydney Grammar School, and continued there for 11 years. In 1910 he again stood for Parramatta, this time as a Labor candidate with the encouragement of Billy Hughes, but was defeated, and shortly afterwards obtained a position in the Sydney land tax branch of the Commonwealth Treasury. In 1913, Hughes asked O'Reilly about the views of his brother-in-law, Albert Piddington, on states' rights. O'Reilly cabled Piddington to clarify this, and as a result of Piddington's reply, "In sympathy with supremacy of Commonwealth powers", Hughes appointed him to the Australian High Court. As a result of opposition to his appointment and his belief that he was compromised by the exchange of cables he resigned without sitting in court. 
In 1913 O'Reilly published "Tears and Triumph", an expanded short story rather than a novel, in which O'Reilly shows a penetrating knowledge of the feminine view-point. It is a tragic little story, simply and beautifully told, with a running commentary by the author on the philosophy of sex, and it is unique in Australian literature. 
In 1895, O'Reilly married Eleanor McCulloch and there were three children of the marriage. During his wife's illness, which lasted for many years, O'Reilly had a difficult and lonely life, which was brightened by a correspondence with a cousin in England whom he had met when she was a child. His father had taken him on a visit to Europe when he was 14. His cousin was too young at the time to have any memory of him, but after the death of O'Reilly's wife in August 1914, the letters gradually developed into love-letters and in June 1917 they were married. Their letters were collected, and published in 1927 under the title of "Dowell O'Reilly From his Letters, an illuminating revelation of his interesting personality". In 1920 O'Reilly made a small collection of his short stories from the "Sydney Bulletin" and other periodicals, and published them under the name of "Five Corners". He died after a short illness of cerebrovascular disease and pneumonia at Leura in the Blue Mountains. He was survived by his wife, two sons and a daughter, afterwards Mrs Eleanor Dark, a leading Australian novelist.
Assessment.
O'Reilly was remembered as witty, kindly, generously tolerant, and sensitive. Though he did not feel challenged by his work as a schoolmaster, he had a good understanding of boys and gained their affection. Not long before his death he wrote of himself: "I am a failure; I have attempted many things, writing, teaching, politics, drifted along, done just enough to live." This feeling of frustration and failure was characteristic. His early verse was seldom of more than average quality, but the little selection published in 1924 with "Tears and Triumph" and "Five Corners", under the title of "The Prose and Verse of Dowell O'Reilly", shows him to be a poet, however limited in output and scope. "Five Corners" contains some of the best Australian short stories ever written. "His Photo on the wall" is considered a masterpiece for its mingling of humour and tragedy, and his beautiful little sketch, "Twilight" is a triumph in economy of means. O'Reilly wrote so little perhaps because of his tendency towards self-criticism. He was known as a perfectionist.
Bibliography.
Poems:
Short Stories:
Letters:

</doc>
<doc id="5904079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904079" title="Here with Me/IntenCity">
Here with Me/IntenCity

"Here with Me/IntenCity" is a single released by ATB.

</doc>
<doc id="5904084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904084" title="Izzat (film)">
Izzat (film)

Izzat is a 2005 Norwegian film which tells the story of Pakistani gangsters in Oslo, directed by Ulrik Imtiaz Rolfsen. Izzat is a word used by South Asian individuals to denote their social standing in a community; it is translated to mean respect or honor. The sequel Haram was made in 2014.
Awards.
Amanda Awards nominations for

</doc>
<doc id="5904095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904095" title="Snap gage">
Snap gage

A snap gage is a form of Go/no go gauge. It is a limit gage with permanently or temporarily fixed measurement aperture(s) (gaps) which is used to quickly verify whether an outside dimension of a part matches a preset dimension or falls within predefined tolerances. The surfaces which define the edges of the aperture are the anvils, which may be made of separate pieces of hard material such as tungsten carbide for wear resistance. Two apertures are frequently used to provide Go/No-Go testing and are often arranged such that a part being measured can pass through the two apertures in sequence; a part that is within tolerance will pass through the first maximum size limit aperture but will not be able to pass through the minimum size limit aperture. A snap gauge usually has a "C" shaped frame with the aperture(s) at the opening of the "C". Snap gages may be machined and ground out of a single block of metal or adjustable snap gages, which have movable anvils that may be adjusted over a limited range of sizes, may be used. They may also be of built up construction in which one or more gage blocks or feeler gauges are sandwiched between two anvils. Adjustable snap gages may be reset to compensate for wear or re-tasked for measuring a different dimension and can be purchased off the shelf and set rather than needing to be fabricated from scratch when a new gage is needed. Gauge blocks would typically be used to initially set the width of the measuring aperture(s).
A variation is the snap indicator gage, which incorporates a dial indicator or electronic digital indicator as one of the anvils. This indicator displays the deviation from the preset dimension and the indicator may have high and low tolerance limits marked by means of two extra needles, alteration of the dial face, or programming into an electronic indicator. Another variation adds, in addition to the dial or electronic indicator, a micrometer adjustment on the anvil opposite the indicator anvil. This may be referred to as a snap gage or an indicating micrometer and may be quickly preset for short runs of parts.
Snap gages facilitate making interchangeable parts. Snap gages have been in existence and referred to by that name since at least 1898. In a manufacturing plant, snap gages would normally be re-calibrated at scheduled intervals. Often, snap gages will be calibrated by skilled workers and used by semi-skilled workers; the snap gage is faster than a micrometer and requires less skill to use correctly.
Some vendors who resell a different measuring instrument, bore gauge, muddy the waters by referring to them as snap gages, unlike the manufacturer who uses the correct nomenclature. Unlike a snap gage, these measure inside (bore) dimensions, not outside dimensions, and are usually reset for each part measured.

</doc>
<doc id="5904101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904101" title="Erik Derycke (politician)">
Erik Derycke (politician)

Erik A.N. Derycke (born 28 October 1949 in Waregem) is a Flemish socialist politician, lawyer, former minister and a current judge at the Constitutional Court of Belgium.
Derycke was awarded a licence in law by the University of Gent in 1972. With the Flemish socialists (today Flemish social-democratic party) he was a municipal council member in Waregem (1988–2001), member of the provincial council of West Flanders (1978–1984), and a member of the Federal Parliament (1984–2001).
He was state secretary for the research policy (1990), and later state secretary and minister for development cooperation (1991). Within the first cabinet of Jean-Luc Dehaene he was state secretary for development cooperation (1991-1995). From 1995 to 1999 he was the Belgian minister of foreign affairs. He left politics upon being appointed to the then Belgian Court of Arbitration on 10 August 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5904105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904105" title="Priest–penitent privilege in England from the Reformation to the nineteenth century">
Priest–penitent privilege in England from the Reformation to the nineteenth century

The doctrine of priest–penitent privilege does not apply in the UK. Before the Reformation, England was a Roman Catholic country and the Seal of the Confessional had great authority in the English courts. However, the Reformation was followed by a period of, often fierce, persecution of Catholics.
Reach of canon law.
In the "Codex Juris Ecclesiastici Anglicani" (London, 1761) by Edmund Gibson, chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury and afterwards Bishop of London, is found a compilation of the various canons and constitutions which had been made for the Church in England at different times. In his introduction to that work, in which he cites the Act Concerning Peter's Pence and Dispensations which also deals with the exercise of papal jurisdiction in England, the author, in touching upon canon law, says as follows:
He goes on to say that before the Reformation, their not being repugnant to the laws of the land was the condition of these laws being received here. But he also cites commentaries of John de Athon on certain constitutions of Otho and Othobon, which the commentator says were not received here. Gibson cites a constitution of Simon Sudbury, Archbishop of Canterbury (1378), ordering confessions to be heard three times a year, and that whoever would not confess at least once a year should be prevented from entering a church while living and should not receive Christian burial when dead. This order was to be published frequently in the churches.
That the particular decree as to the secrecy of the seal of confession was locally re-enacted by English councils and synods has already been shown. Its importance, whether as enacted by the Lateran Councils or re-enacted by the English councils, seems to have been only confirmatory of something already well established in the Church or, at most, as definitely declaring the punishment for the violation of the secrecy. That the decree was allowed and accepted by the civil courts of England can only be a matter for deduction. There is no direct proof of it, as there is, for instance, in the cases of these two other decrees, which are cited only as some evidence of the probability of the acceptance of this particular decree. Before enumerating other and chief grounds of this probability it is well to remember that if the law of the secrecy of confession was already well established in the Church it would be very unlikely that we should find evidence of any direct notice of the decree as in the cases of the two others.
But there seems to be absolutely no evidence which could cause one to doubt that a rule declared by the Church as to a matter essentially bound up with a sacrament, which formed part of the necessary religious practice of the nation, would have been unhesitatingly accepted by the nation by reason of the mere fact that the universal Church had declared it. As there are such strong grounds for holding that the rule only solemnly declares an obligation upon priests which the nation had always believed to lie upon them, one would not expect to find any overt acceptance of the rule. Again, it is important to remember that the rule itself concerned priests mainly and that, undoubtedly, they were bound by it, and we see from the English canons re-enacting it the severe penalties to which they became liable in the ecclesiastical courts in England for any breach of it. Therefore, the disregard of it by the civil courts would have caused a perpetual conflict between these two tribunals even where the former was only exercising the jurisdiction which rightfully belonged to it, besides the fact that it would have so sharply conflicted with the religion practised by the nation.
The question of jurisdiction over clerks transgressing ecclesiastical law was entirely in the hands of the Church. The "Report of the Ecclesiastical Courts Commission, 1883", to which we have already alluded, tells us that "ecclesiastical jurisdiction in its widest sense covered all the ground of ecclesiastical relations, persons, properties, rights and remedies: clergymen in all their relations". But the jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical courts extended even much further, including as it did the province of marriage, and that of probate coupled with the devolution of movable property in cases of intestacy. Within this latter province there would have been, perhaps, more than in any other province within the jurisdiction of any court, occasion for desiring to know something that might have transpired under the seal of confession. Pollock and Maitland's "History of the Laws of England" tells us that intestacy was regarded with an abhorrence somewhat akin to that with which a death without sacramental confession was regarded. This may probably be a considerable overstatement, but it serves to show that this province was, at least, as much calculated as any other to raise the question of the seal of confession.
Again, let us remember that in some districts, such as Durham and Chester, bishops exercised temporal jurisdiction. Even in the King's Courts, as Lord Coke points out, often the judges were priests, before Innocent IV prohibited priests from acting as judges. Pollock and Maitland's "History of the Laws of England" gives us as a specimen date, that of 16 July 1195, on which there sat in the Court of King's Bench an archbishop, three bishops, and three archdeacons. The same book tells us that:
It is highly improbable that at a period when systematization of the common law was proceeding at the hands of "popish clergymen" a rule compelling the disclosure of confession would have grown up. Finally, it is worthy of some observation that there is not a single reported case, textbook or commentary, during the whole pre-Reformation period which contains any suggestion that the laws of evidence did not respect the seal of confession. These grounds seem sufficient to lead to the conclusion that before the Reformation the seal was regarded as sacred by the common law of England. Sir Robert Phillimore in his work on (Anglican) ecclesiastical law makes a definite statement to this effect.
The only recorded statute of the English Parliament which deals with the right of confession is the Privilege of Sanctuary Act 1315 (9 Edw. II, c.10). The statute is called "Articuli Cleri", and the part referred to deals with the rights of offenders who abjure the realm and, fleeing to a church for refuge, claim privilege of sanctuary. After stating that such persons are to be allowed to have the necessaries of life and that they are to be at liberty to go out of the church to relieve nature, the statute continues as follows: "Placet etiam Domino Regi, ut latrones vel appellatores quandocunque voluerint possint sacerdotibus sua facinora confiteri: sed caveant confessores ne erronice hujusmodi appellatores informent". This law, long obsolete, was repealed in 1863, and is translated in the collections of the Statutes (Statutes of the Realm, I, 173), and in Pickering's edition of "Statutes at Large" (Cambridge, 1782): "And the King's Pleasure is, that Thieves or Appellors (whensoever they will) may confess their Offences unto Priests: but let the Confessors beware that they do not erroneously inform such Appellors".
Coke on privilege.
Sir Edward Coke, the great common lawyer who was Lord Chief Justice of England under James I, says:
The Catholic Encyclopedia contends that it is not quite clear from his comment, but it seems likely, that Coke has interpreted the concluding caution to the confessors as a recognition of the seal of confession, and, if so, it would seem that he has wrongly interpreted it, because the translation of the word "informare" as "to inform against" would appear to be incorrect. The correct interpretation of the clause, the Encyclopedia goes on to submit, would seem to be as one of warning to the confessors not to inform these offenders, when they are admitted to hear their confessions, of what is going on outside.
Hence the Encyclopedia observes that, except in so far as it shows that the right of freely confessing was reserved to these offenders, the statute, in its actual words, contains no declaration of the privilege of the seal of confession, going on to hold Coke's comment important as being a statement by him of the existence of the privilege at common law in respect of felonies. There appears to be no foundation, for the exclusion of it from cases of high treason other than Coke's own view as quoted, because the two cases which he cites in support of that view do not support it.
Randolf's case.
The first of these cases is that of Friar John Randolf, cited from the Rolls of Parliament, "7 Henry V". Randolf was the confessor of Joanna of Navarre, widow of Henry IV who was accused of attempting to poison her stepson Henry V by witchcraft. The Catholic Encyclopedia observes that there is nothing in that record from which Coke's contention that the queen's conspiracy had been proved by the disclosure of her confession to Friar Randolf can be deduced. The words in the report are:
The word "confession" is, the Catholic Encyclopedia contends, there used in its primary sense of an admission, the reports of the matter in Holinshed's "Chronicles" and in John Stow's "Chronicle of England" supporting such a view as they state that Randolf was imprisoned. Holinshed says that:
Stow says that Randolf had counselled the queen to her crime. Thus, again in the view of the Catholic Encyclopedia, when he was imprisoned on the charge of the conspiracy with the queen he confessed as much.
Garnet's case.
The second case is one which occurred after the Reformation. It is the trial of the Jesuit, Fr. Henry Garnet, on the charge of conspiracy in the Gunpowder Plot. It is reported in the records of the state trials. There is not only no mention of any decision by the court that the privilege of confession did not extend to the concealment of high treason, but there is not even the faintest indication of any opinion to that effect by any member of the court. There was no question of the giving of evidence by a witness before a court of justice of matter revealed to him in confession. The issue being whether Fr. Garnet was a party to the conspiracy, the question of his cognizance and, if cognizant, of his non-disclosure of it was essential. It was not disputed that he had heard the particulars of the plot from Greenwell, one of the conspirators, but the defence was that he had heard them only in confession, though he had previously received a general indication of the plot from another of the conspirators, Catesby. Not only was the defence not rejected at once by the court as being had in law, but, to infer from the arguments put to the prisoner upon it by certain members of the court, it was treated with a seriousness which seems surprising in a post-Reformation period, and, especially, at a moment of such strong anti-Catholic feeling.
Lord Salisbury, a member of the court, asked Fr. Garnet if there must not be confession and contrition before the absolution, and, having received an affirmative answer, he observed to him that Greenwell had shown no penitence, or intention to desist. "Hereby", he said, "it appears that either Greenwell told you out of confession, and then there would be no secrecy: or, if it were in confession, he professed no penitency, and therefore you could not absolve him." He further said to him that after Greenwell had told him in particular what Catesby meant, and he then called to mind what Catesby had previously told him (Fr. Garnet) in general, he might have disclosed it out of his general knowledge from Catesby. He further asked him why, after Greenwell's confession, when Catesby wished to tell him the particulars, he had refused to hear him, to which Fr. Garnet answered that he was loth to hear any more. Sir Edward Coke, for the prosecution, addressed to the court six arguments on the subject, the first being that this particular confession was not sacramental, the fifth being that Fr. Garnet had learned of the conspiracy from Catesby extra confessionem, and the last being that "by the common law, howsoever it (the confession) were, it being a crimen l s majestatis, he ought to have disclosed it". There is no indication of any adoption by the court of this last proposition. The confession in question was only an item in the evidence brought forward. One infers from the report that the court were not satisfied with the defence, as a fact, of the confession, and, also, that they considered the charge to be proved from the other evidence.
In a paper on the law relating to confession in criminal cases by Mr. Charles H. Hopwood, the writer admits the probability of the recognition of the seal before the Reformation. He says that Garnet's case even as cited by Lord Coke could hardly be in point, inasmuch as Garnet was not called as a witness in the Gunpowder treason trial, and that the obligation of the seal of confession, if put forward by Garnet at all, was only done so by way of his own defence that he was not a conspirator, but merely knew whatever he knew through hearing the confession of the others, and that Sir E. Coke appears almost to confess and avoid this plea by retorting that the confession was one of crime not yet executed. Sir Edward Coke in his commentary on the "Articuli Cleri", c. 10, interpreting the wording of it as he does, says that it declares the common law. His supporting this statement by the citation of a then recent case, together with his own argument, already mentioned, in that case, affords strong evidence that this great common lawyer was of opinion that even in his post-Reformation period the common law of England recognized the privilege of confession, except in the case of treason. If that is his view, as seems, at least, highly probable, it is profoundly interesting as the opinion of a very distinguished lawyer and a fierce champion of Protestantism.
Conclusions.
It is important, however, to bear in mind that by the penal laws Catholicism was a proscribed religion. The practice of it was subjected to severe penal statutes and priests performing its rites were rigorously penalized. Statute law displaces the common law if the latter is inconsistent with the provisions of the statute. It is true that there is no statute which expressly declares that religious confession shall not be privileged from disclosure in the witness-box. But so many statutes were passed against the practice of the Catholic religion that it would seem inconsistent with them to hold that such a privilege still prevailed at common law.

</doc>
<doc id="5904106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904106" title="Miller of Dee">
Miller of Dee

Miller of Dee is a traditional folk song (Roud #503) from the Chester area in the north-west of England. It is often titled "The Miller of the Dee".
The song was originally part of Isaac Bickerstaffe's play, "Love in a Village" (1762). Subsequently other versions of Bickerstaffe's original song were made by various other poets.
The city of Chester stands on the River Dee and a weir was built across the river here in the Middle Ages to maintain high water levels for several water mills which stood on its banks.
The River Dee rises on the eastern slopes of Dduallt in Snowdonia, Wales and enters the Dee Estuary on the outskirts of Chester. The English name for the river is derived from its Welsh name "Afon Dyfrdwy". Its Latin name was "Deva".
The song is usually sung to the Welsh harp tune ""Llydaw"" (the Welsh name for ""Brittany""). Many settings of the tune have been made by British composers, most notably Benjamin Britten in his second collection of Folk-song arrangements. Roger Quilter's setting of the song was included in the "Arnold Book of Old Songs", published in 1950.
Several versions for choir also exist, such as that by John Rutter. In 1962 Havergal Brian wrote a comedy overture for orchestra based on the tune.
A 1997 local interest book on the history of the Mills and Millers in Chester, was named after this folk song.
Lyrics (Version 2).
This version was published in "The Convivial Songster" in 1782.
Lyrics (Version 3).
This version was discovered in 1857 written on a flyleaf of a 1716 collection of
John Dryden's poems.
Lyrics (Version 4).
This version was written by Charles Mackay.
Popular culture.
Rod Steiger, playing serial killer Christopher Gill, whistled "The Miller of Dee" several times in the 1968 movie "No Way to Treat a Lady".

</doc>
<doc id="5904120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904120" title="Brett Halsey">
Brett Halsey

Brett Halsey (born Charles Oliver Hand on June 20, 1933, in Santa Ana, California), is an American film actor, sometimes credited as Montgomery Ford. He had a prolific career in B pictures and in European-made feature films. He created the role of John Abbott on the soap opera "The Young and the Restless", a role he filled only from May 1980 to March 1981, when he was replaced by Jerry Douglas.
Halsey is a great-nephew of the United States Navy Admiral William F. "Bull" Halsey; Universal Pictures selected his acting name from the admiral.
Career.
Interested in acting since he was a child, young Brett was employed as a page at CBS Television studios, where he met Jack Benny and Benny's wife, Mary Livingstone. They introduced him to the head of Universal Pictures, who placed him in a school with other aspiring actors for the studio.
Halsey appeared as Swift Otter, a Cheyenne Indian in the 1956 episodes "The Spirit of Hidden Valley" and "The Gentle Warrior" of the CBS western series, "Brave Eagle", starring Keith Larsen as a young Indian chief.
In 1958, Halsey guest-starred in the episode "The Imposter" of Richard Carlson's syndicated western series, "Mackenzie's Raiders", a fictional account of cavalry Colonel Ranald S. Mackenzie, set at Fort Clark, Texas. That same year, Halsey had the lead role of a life-saving sailor in an episode of another syndicated series, "Highway Patrol", starring Broderick Crawford. Halsey also appeared in Wendell Corey's "Harbor Command", a military drama about the United States Coast Guard. He appeared as Robert Finchley in the 1958 "Perry Mason" episode, "The Case of the Cautious Coquette." In 1959 he had a co-starring role in the science-fiction film "The Atomic Submarine" with Arthur Franz and Dick Foran. Halsey appeared in the episode "Thin Ice" in 1959 of NBC espionage series, "Five Fingers", starring David Hedison and Halsey's second wife, Luciana Paluzzi.
From 1961–1962, Halsey starred with Barry Coe, Gary Lockwood, and Gigi Perreau in the ABC adventure television series "Follow the Sun", a story of two free-lance magazine writers living in Honolulu, Hawaii.
In 1961 Halsey won the Golden Globe Award for "New Star of the Year". His "Follow the Sun" co-star, Barry Coe, had won the same honor in 1960. The award was discontinued in 1983.
Halsey played supporting and co-starring roles in Hollywood, having appeared in such films as "Return of the Fly" (1959) and Twice-Told Tales (film), both starring Vincent Price. By the early 1960s, he relocated to Italy where he found himself in demand in adventurous films such as "Seven Swords for the King" or "The Avenger of Venice", being often cast a swashbuckling hero. He also appeared in a few Spaghetti Westerns and Eurospy films.
He returned to the United States in the early 1970s and worked in film and television. He appeared in the soap operas "General Hospital" and "Love Is a Many Splendored Thing". He had supporting roles in higher-profile films such as "The Godfather Part III". He appeared as the captain of a luxury space liner in the "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century" episode "Cruise Ship to the Stars".
Halsey worked with Italian horror director Lucio Fulci on "Touch of Death", "A Cat in the Brain" and "Demonia".
Personal life.
In 1954, Halsey married Renate Hoy, an actress who had won the "Miss Germany" contest that year, and who appeared in such films as "The Sea Chase" with John Wayne. They had two children, son Charles Oliver Hand, Jr. (a.k.a. Rock Halsey or Rock Bottom of the notorious Los Angeles punk rock band, Rock Bottom and the Spys) and daughter, Tracy Leigh. Halsey and Hoy divorced in 1959.
From 1960 to 1962, Halsey was married to Italian actress Luciana Paluzzi. They had one son, Christian. In 1961, the two co-starred as a newlywed couple in the film, "Return to Peyton Place". In 1964, Halsey married the popular German actress and singer Heidi Brühl. They had two children, son Clayton Alexander Siegfried and daughter Nicole. They were divorced in 1976.
Toward the end of the 1990s, Halsey moved to San José, Costa Rica, to teach film acting. Currently Halsey resides in Laguna Hills, California, with his fourth wife, the former Victoria Korda, the granddaughter of Alexander Korda. He writes and makes occasional film appearances.
Family tragedy.
On August 10, 2005, Rock Halsey, Halsey's son from his first marriage, was murdered at the age of forty-nine by two fellow inmates while serving more than half of a 24-year sentence for a drug conviction at the U.S. penitentiary in Terre Haute, Indiana. In 2007, the inmates, Timothy R. McCalliser and Jerimy C. Sneed, both then in their early thirties, pleaded guilty to murdering Halsey and received life imprisonment without the possibility of parole. McCallister cut Rock Halsey's throat with a prison-made knife as Sneed held down the victim. The killing was witnessed by a corrections officer and partly videotaped.

</doc>
<doc id="5904124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904124" title="Gustave-Adolphe-Narcisse Turcotte">
Gustave-Adolphe-Narcisse Turcotte

Gustave-Adolphe-Narcisse Turcotte (November 19, 1848 – October 4, 1918) was a Quebec physician and political figure. He represented Nicolet in the Canadian House of Commons as a Liberal member from 1907 to 1911. His name also appears as Gustave-Adolphe Turcotte.
He was born in Trois-Rivières, Canada East in 1848, the son of Joseph-Édouard Turcotte and Flore Buteau, and was educated at the Jesuit-run Collège Saint-Marie in Montreal and the Séminaire Saint-Joseph in Trois-Rivières. Turcotte served as registrar for Nicolet County. He ran unsuccessfully to represent Nicolet in the House of Commons in 1877 and 1878, losing to François-Xavier-Ovide Méthot each time. Turcotte was elected in an 1907 by-election held after Charles Ramsay Devlin resigned his seat to become a member of the Quebec cabinet. He was reelected in the 1908 federal election but was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1911.
He was married twice: first to Jeanne Leblanc and then to Emma, the daughter of Charles-Édouard Houde.
His brother Arthur served in the Quebec assembly and was mayor of Trois-Rivières.

</doc>
<doc id="5904127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904127" title="Capistrano Valley High School">
Capistrano Valley High School

Capistrano Valley High School (often called CVHS) is a public high school at the southern border of Mission Viejo, California, USA, that is run by the Capistrano Unified School District. It is set on a hilltop overlooking the San Diego Freeway (I-5) corridor and Saddleback Mountain. It is located on Via Escolar, off the Avery exit of the I-5. The school attendance boundaries primarily serve students from eastern, southern and northern Mission Viejo (the entire portion of the city in CUSD) and a small northern portion of San Juan Capistrano.
CVHS is a California Distinguished School, National Blue Ribbon Finalist, and was ranked as number 488 in "Newsweek"'s 2008 list of the top 1,300 high schools in the USA. By this standard, CVHS falls in the top 2.5% of US high schools. It is the lowest ranked for the school district and second highest rank between both Saddleback Valley and Capistrano Unified that serve south Orange County.
History.
CVHS opened in 1977 with one main building and 1,326 students. It was the third high school to be opened in Capistrano Unified School District after San Clemente and Dana Hills. The campus and buildings have since expanded; notable additions include two wings attached to the original main building, a pool, a gym, theater and a two-story M Building.
CVHS experienced several population shifts as the district opened the new schools of Aliso Niguel and Tesoro with the building boom in southern Orange County. Student attendance shifted between these schools as district boundaries were re-drawn with each new school addition. The 2006-2007 school year was the last year that San Juan Capistrano freshmen students enrolled at CVHS. In the 2007-2008 school year, most SJC freshmen attended the district's new San Juan Hills High School. A few San Juan Capistrano students who lived close to the Mission Viejo/San Juan city borders continued to attend CVHS.
There was controversy over the addition of San Juan Hills High School which would serve San Juan Capistrano, and CVHS would serve solely Mission Viejo with the new boundaries the district settled on. In the 2005-2006 school year, over 2,800 students attended CVHS. The freshman class that entered in 2006 was the largest ever.
Due to ongoing problems at San Juan Hills High School, Capistrano Unified appointed CVHS Principal Tom Ressler to that campus after 22 years at Capistrano Valley. Ressler began his job at SJHHS in fall 2008 and Deni Christensen, the former Vice Principal of Guidance was appointed by the district as the new principal of Capistrano Valley at the same time. Kevin Astor has since been appointed Principal, replacing Deni Christensen.
The average class size is 34 students. There are 93 teachers and 90 have a full credential. 4.3% of the teachers hold doctorates, 52% hold a masters degree.
CVHS's rivals are Mission Viejo High School, Tesoro High School and El Toro High School..
Facilities.
Capistrano Valley has a type of brick architecture, seldom seen in the stucco pop up buildings that cover most of Southern California. There is a main building that has two story wings projecting from the main indoor quad area known as the "mall". From the mall are the administration offices, the food service area called the "Cougar Grill", the teachers' lounge, all centered by a stage where music and games are played during events like spirit week or before a school dance.
CVHS' second wings branch from an open area that is centered on a two-story library and career center. The Activities office is located in this hall. The school has six computer labs and 400 computers for student use.
Arrangements of Main Building: Off the main mall/quad of the school are the A, B, and C wings. The A wing is to the left of the main entrance and is home to the administration, guidance, and attendance offices. The B wing is located to the right of the main entrance and has all fine art classrooms and music rooms. The C wing has eight classrooms that are electives and ROP courses like auto shop, photography, dance, and drama. Adjacent to the mall is an open area with a career center in the center. Off this area are the D, J, and E wings. The D wing has eight science classrooms and a greenhouse. The J wing has foreign language classes and a computer lab. The E wing consists of six math classrooms and a computer lab. On the lower level surrounding the library are the H, K, F, and G wings. The H wing has twelve social science classrooms, the K wing has foreign language classrooms, and the F wing has thirteen English classrooms. The G wing is for special education and is in a more separate area with individualized rooms. The K wing is often considered "rave-like" because of how busy it is due to sharp turns in the internal architecture.
Arrangement of Outside Buildings: In addition to the main building, a two-story brick building was built in 2006 called the "M Building". It replaced sixteen older portable classrooms. The M Building has social science classrooms, four state of the art science rooms, and math classrooms. Off the upper level "senior parking lot" are 20 portable classrooms. These rooms are primarily English classrooms, but there is a mix of math, science, and ROP classes as well.
There are two gyms, the "large gym" and "small gym", that were newly remodeled in 2006. Capistrano Valley has 180, in permanent buildings and 19, in relocatable buildings. There are 200, of buildings on the entire campus. Capistrano Valley has the least amount of square footage in portable buildings of the district high schools, and also the least amount of total square footage (though this school has the lowest enrollment in the district).
CVHS also boasts one of the largest high school swimming pools at 50 meters long. There are three soccer fields, six tennis courts, two softball fields, two baseball fields and a turf football field and track in the stadium.
Academics.
CVHS is one of two high schools in Capistrano Unified School District and one of 180 in the USA and Canada to be an International Baccalaureate School and offers the Academy of Technology Math and Science.
Counselors work with students to help them stay college bound if that is their desire. Strong emphasis is put on college preparatory courses. CVHS is part of the AAA (Accelerated Academic Achievement) Program. The school's API is 843, making it a CA Exemplary High School.
CVHS is the district's northern magnet campus due to the presence of the International Baccalaureate (IB) program and the most established AP programs in the northern portion of the district. CVHS has had a pass rate of 96% for IB.
18 AP courses are offered in: English Language and Composition, English Literature and Composition, Biology, Chemistry, Environmental Science, Physics, World History, European History, American History, American Government and Politics/Economics, History of Art, Psychology, Statistics, Calculus, French, German, and Spanish.
15 IB courses are offered as: English III SL, English IV HL, Biology HL, Chemistry SL, Physics SL, History of the Americas HL, Math Studies SL, Mathematics SL, Mathematics HL, French SL, German SL, Spanish ScL, Spanish HL, Psychology SL, and Visual Arts SL.
Capistrano Valley is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).
Sports.
CVHS offers sports programs in football, water polo, swimming, cross country, volleyball, golf, tennis, soccer, baseball, basketball, track and field, lacrosse, surf, softball, cheerleading, and wrestling. 
The school competes in the South Coast League against El Toro High School, San Clemente, Dana Hills, and Tesoro High School. Approximately 40 percent of students participate in competitive athletics. In 2010, CVHS will become a part of the Coast View Conference split into the South Coast League and Sea View League. CVHS will have various sports competing in each of the leagues depending on the sport. Laguna Hills High, San Juan Hills High, Trabuco Hills High, and El Toro High will join the current South Coast League teams to form the conference.
The men's surf team were the champions in the men's longboard competition in 2008. The girl's surf team placed third in the women's shortboard championships in 2008.
The 2003 women's varsity volleyball team ended the season as South Coast League Champions, ranked as the third best team in Orange County, and competing to C.I.F. third round.
The 2007-2008 Cougar men's basketball team were the South Coast League Champions, ending the season ranked number six in Orange County. The team competed in the second round of C.I.F playoffs.
CVHS's Baseball Club is the school's most successful, high profile sport. The 2009 baseball team, following more than 25 years of tradition, defeated ESISON High School 1-0 in the CIF Championship game played at Angel Stadium to capture CVHS's 6th CIF Championship in baseball. The CVHS Varsity Baseball Club has been coached by Robert "Bob" Zamora since the school opened in 1977. Coach Zamora is also known as Coach "Z" by current and former players. The Cougars are a perfect 6-0 in CIF Championship games and have won CIF Titles in each decade since the 1980s. The Cougar baseball program's dominance of prep baseball in Southern California started with the capturing of the school's first CIF Championship in 1983. CIF Championships were also captured by the 1987, 1991, 2000 & 2001 squads. The 1987 team remains the standout team in the school's history, posting a school best 27-3 record. The 1991 title was obtained by a Wild Card entrance into the CIF Playoffs and the 2000 & 2001 squads were the first CIF back to back title winners in school history. The baseball team has also had a penchant for turning out many college scholarships athletes and professionals as well as one U.S. Olympian (Don August 1984).
The 2010 men's and women's varsity cross country teams placed first place in the South Coast League. Both teams qualified for CIF and it was the first time the boy's team made CIF in thirteen years.
The 2008 men's volleyball team again was a top performer and placed 1st in league and was ranked number six in all of Orange County.
For the first time ever in school history, the 2008 men's swim team took first place in league going undefeated and proceeded to CIF.
The new lacrosse team in the spring of 2008 placed third in league as the sport grows in popularity of the west coast.
The winter 2008-2009 men's basketball team placed 3rd in the South Coast League and had an overall record of 18-10, advancing to CIF.
The summer 2008-2009 women's water polo team had a point tie for 3rd place in the South Coast League, advancing to CIF for the first time since 2006.
The winter 2008-2009 men's soccer team placed 3rd in league.
The 2009 spring Men's Swim Team under Coach Steven J. Yancey ended its season ranked #1 in all of Orange County, went undefeated, as well as two years undefeated in duel meet competition, won the Belmont Invitational Relay Meet, and was victorious in becoming the champions in CIF Southern Section Division 1 swim. Additionally, the Men's Swim Team became back to back South Coast League Champions (2008, 2009).
CVHS was awarded the high school with the best character and sportsmanship in 2006 by CIF.
The 2010 freshman football team had a perfect 10-0 record, and were Sea View league champions. No CVHS team before them ever had a 10-0 record, including Varsity and JV teams.
The 2011 boys JV tennis team went as undefeated South Coast League champions with an 11-0 record.
Fine Arts Department.
The Capistrano Valley Marching Band, known throughout Southern California as the Black and Gold Brigade, participates in competitive field tournaments, parades and home football games. The ensemble consists of woodwind, brass, colorguard, pit and drumline.
The Black and Gold Brigade currently competes in the SCJA(Southern California Judges Asosciation) 3A division and has qualified for all SCJA championships since 2002. The marching band earned first place in the 2A division in 2002. It also won first place in the 1A division in 2006 for colorguard, band, visual, and percussion categories.
The Black and Gold Brigade has back to back SCJA state championships, taking 2009 State Champs, as well as Most Outstanding Solosit(Jeremy Burciaga, Trumpet), High Music, and High Overall. The Black and Gold Brigade also has taken 2010 State Champs, with High(Best) Music, High(Best) Visual, High(Best) General(Overall Effect), and High(Best) Percussion.
The winter guard team placed first in division AA at the Winter Guard Association of Southern California contest at Tesoro High School in February 2007. In the championships, the team placed sixth in "Intermediate Yellow A" at CVHS in April 2007.
On October 13, 2007, the Black and Gold Brigade came in first place for Auxiliary, Music, and Drumline categories at the prestigious Poway Marching Band Invitational in Division 2A. On October 11, 2008, the Black and Gold Brigade came in first place for Percussion, Visual, and Drum Major categories at the Fullerton High School Marching Band Competition. Also during the event, they won 1st place in their division
This year, Capistrano Valley High School has two wind bands and three string orchestras. The top band and top orchestra also double as an IB music class, exposing the students to ethnomusicology and music theory. There is also a blog for CVHS music and all of the classes included in that category at http://cvhsmusictalk.blogspot.com. It offers CVHS students or anybody in general to talk about the musical classes held at Capistrano Valley High School and any interests that those people might have about music in general.
The Drama Department is accompanied by Capo Valley's three choirs. The chamber choir or top group is called Camerata. The treble choir, which consists of women only, is named Tapestry. To top off the program is CV Choir, which is the entry level choir, which turns down no applicants.
Students can join a variety of other music classes like jazz band. Also in the spring is the spring musical where the orchestra, the band, the choir, and drama are combined to perform a popular musical. CVHS also has an active ComedySportz team, which competes with other local schools in improvisation-based games.
Controversy.
Litigation.
Capistrano Valley has figured in several notable legal controversies over its history.
Peloza vs. Capistrano Unified School District.
In a case that drew national media attention, biology teacher John Peloza was accused of proselytizing and teaching creationism instead of evolution, in violation of the state curriculum. Peloza gave a student a Bible and told another Jewish student that she would go to hell if she did not convert to Christianity. 
Peloza was not fired, but was reprimanded by the principal and ordered to teach evolution and refrain from proselytizing. Peloza sued the school district in federal court, as well as several teachers and administrators, including principal Thomas R. Anthony; vice-principal Ross Velderraine, history teachers James Corbett and Paul Pflueger, and science teachers Ray Panici and William Redding. In addition to state tort claims, Peloza alleged that the school district unconstitutionally required him to teach "evolutionism" and that evolutionism is a religious belief system. He also alleged that the defendants attempted by harassment and intimidation to force him to teach evolutionism because of a class-based animus against practicing Christians in violation of 42 U.S.C. § 1985(3). Peloza asked for 5 million dollars in damages. Peloza received assistance from the Rutherford Institute and the American Center for Law and Justice. 
Finding the lawsuit frivolous, a United States district court judge dismissed Peloza's lawsuit on January 16, 1992, awarding attorney's fees to the defendants. Peloza was reassigned to teach physical education instead of science. On October 4, 1994 the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the dismissal of Peloza's lawsuit, but reversed the award of attorney's fees. The Supreme Court of the United States refused to hear Peloza's appeal in 1995. Peloza continues to teach physical education in the Capistrano Valley School District at Newhart Middle School.
Farnan vs. Capistrano Unified School District.
In another case that has drawn national media coverage, on December 12, 2007 Chad Farnan, a student, represented by the Advocates for Faith and Freedom, a conservative Christian legal advocacy group, filed suit against 19-year AP European History teacher Dr. James Corbett. The suit alleges that Corbett had violated the First Amendment's Establishment Clause that prohibits government from advancing religion or promoting hostility toward religion. 
The lawsuit, which seeks unspecified damages and attorney fees, alleges that Corbett typically spent "a large portion of class time propagating his personal views to a captive audience," including criticism of Christianity and traditional Christian viewpoints on topics such as birth control, teenage sex, homosexuality and erectile dysfunction. In response to the lawsuit, numerous former students of Corbett defended him, holding a protest at the school and forming support groups. 
In March, U.S. District Court Judge James Selna denied the district's motion to dismiss. Shortly after the suit was filed, the California Teachers Association intervened as defendants under FRCP 24(b).

</doc>
<doc id="5904128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904128" title="Ewelina Flinta">
Ewelina Flinta

Ewelina Flinta (born 24 October 1979 in Lubsko) is a Polish singer. She has performed at Przystanek Woodstock and Teatr Buffo. She rose to fame by coming second in the first season of the television show Idol.

</doc>
<doc id="5904135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904135" title="Gateway College">
Gateway College

Gateway Sixth Form College is a sixth form college in Hamilton, Leicester, England.
The college was previously housed in the city centre of Leicester, adjacent to the main campus of De Montfort University. It has since moved to a brand new, £33 million campus built in the Hamilton suburb of the city.
History.
It began as Gateway Grammar School for boys, founded in 1928 and originally located in Skeffington House which is now the home of the Newarke Houses Museum. The school was established primarily to feed the Colleges of Art and Technology (later Leicester Polytechnic and now De Montfort University) and the curriculum showed a significant bias towards Craft and other practical subjects. In 1933 it moved across the road to the site it occupied until 2009, which comprises a three-storey house dating from 1772 with a purpose-built extension and additional buildings for Science and Art & Design. Its first Head Master (1928-31) was Harold Dent who went on to become Editor of "The Times Educational Supplement" and Professor of Education at the University of Sheffield. Dent was succeeded by Mr E C White (1931-1952) and then Dr H Frazer (1952-71). In Dr Frazer's time The Gateway (as it was known by locals) became more like a conventional grammar school but retained its commitment to teaching crafts. It was also progressive in its acceptance of 11+ exam "failures" at 13+ and 15+: some of whom achieved distinction and are among those listed in alumni below. Mr M H Bailey (1971-1990) saw the school through its transformation into a mixed sixth form college in 1976. After Mr Bailey's retirement the College Principals were Mr A Sortwell (1990-97) and Mr N A Goffin (1997-2009). The current Principal is Ms S. Overton-Edwards.
Courses.
The student body consists of approximately 1,200 students aged 16–18 and 400 adult students. The college is highly diverse with 75% of all learners from minority ethnic backgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="5904136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904136" title="Laryea Kingston">
Laryea Kingston

Laryea Kingston (born 7 November 1980 in Accra) is a Ghanaian professional footballer. He can play as either an attacking midfielder or right winger.
Club career.
Early career.
Kingston started his career with local side Great Olympics, whom he joined aged 16, before moving to Libyan side Al-Ittihad Tripoli in 2000, on a loan deal. However, after only four months of this arrangement he returned to Accra, unhappy at his treatment in Tripoli, joining one of Ghana's traditional "Big Two", Hearts of Oak, in 2001. Two years later he moved to Israel, initially with Maccabi Ahi Nazareth. After two Toto Cup matches, Maccabi decided not to retain him and he was signed by Hapoel Tel Aviv, where he played until 2004.
Move to Russia.
Russia was Kingston's next destination, where he joined Krylia Sovetov Samara, helping them to third place in the Russian Premier League in his first season. Krylia Sovetov also reached the Cup final that year but were surprisingly defeated 1–0 by Terek Grozny in Moscow. Kingston joined Terek half way through the 2005 season but was unable to help them avoid a bottom-placed finish and relegation from the top flight into the First Division.
Several of Terek's higher-profile players left as a result of this demotion, and Kingston joined Lokomotiv Moscow on loan for the 2006 season. He was banned for 6 matches in July 2006 for deliberately injuring Dynamo Moscow defender Leandro Fernández.
Hearts.
When Terek failed to secure a return to the Premier League, Kingston appeared set for a permanent departure from the Chechen side. Despite an approach from Bolton Wanderers and rumoured interest from Newcastle United and Fulham, Kingston joined Hearts on 25 January 2007 on an initial six-month loan deal. Hearts also negotiated the option to sign him permanently for a further three years at the initial contract's end and exercised this option on 6 June 2007, for a reported fee of £500,000. Kingston's time at Heart of Midlothian is generally considered a disappointment as he was so rarely available to play because of injury and international commitments.
Vitesse.
After his release from Hearts, Kingston moved to the Netherlands to sign for Vitesse, but was released in December 2010 after just six months with the club.
Move to Israel.
Kingston, who had trained with his former club Hearts of Oak after his release from Vitesse, signed a two-year deal with Israeli Premier League side Hapoel Be'er Sheva on 13 July 2011.
On 6 August, kingston scored his first goal for Be'er Sheva in a Free Kick Against Beitar Jerusalem In the Toto Cup in a game which Be'er Sheva won 3–0.
Return to Hearts of Oak.
In the January 2012, Kingston returned to Ghana Premier League for his former club Hearts of Oak, signing one and a half-year contract.
Move To America.
On March 2013 Kingston signed to USL PRO team Phoenix FC
After leaving Phoenix, Kingston went on trial with Brunei DPMM of the S.League in November 2013.
International career.
Well known as an uncompromising and hard-working player by fellow professionals, Kingston's determined style has occasionally caused him problems, most notably when representing the Ghanaian national side at the 2006 Africa Cup of Nations, when he was sent off during Ghana's 1–0 victory over Senegal following an altercation with Habib Beye. Both players subsequently received unprecedented 4-match suspensions, which resultantly ruled Kingston out of contention for the Ghana squad for 2006 World Cup. Kingston returned to prominence for the "Black Stars" in February 2007 though, scoring in their 4–1 victory over Nigeria in London. He was also excluded from the squad for the 2010 World Cup.
Personal life.
Kingston's elder brother, Richard Kingson, is also a professional footballer, who played in goal in all four of Ghana's matches at the 2006 World Cup. Richard was also first-choice at the 2010 tournament. He previously played for Blackpool FC, Wigan Athletic and Birmingham City.
On 21 November 1997 his son, Jacob, was born.

</doc>
<doc id="5904139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904139" title="Edward William O'Sullivan">
Edward William O'Sullivan

Edward William O'Sullivan (17 March 1846 - 25 April 1910) was an Australian journalist and politician.
As a politician, O'Sullivan had strong Labour sympathies before the Labor Party had developed in New South Wales, and worked untiringly for old-age pensions until they became law in 1900. He was much criticized for his supposed extravagance as Minister for Public Works; at the time it seemed with reason, as the state was suffering from drought for part of the period. Possibly, however, he was wise in realizing the necessity of keeping people at work in times of depression. He was certainly right in his efforts to provide Sydney with a proper supply of water, and his efforts to relieve unemployment by developing the tramway and railway systems, showed him as a man of great foresight and courage. 
Early life and journalism.
O'Sullivan was born in Launceston Tasmania. His father deserted the family when he was a child and he was mainly educated by his mother. He began work at an early age as a printer's devil on the Hobart Mercury. Later he became a reporter; in 1869 he went to Sydney, but soon returned to Hobart and started a paper, the "Tribune". This had some success but O'Sullivan sold it in 1873, went to Melbourne, and did journalistic work. He was editor of the St Arnaud "Mercury" for about three years. In 1878, he moved to Melbourne, married Agnes Ann Firman and started working a the Argus. In 1882, he went to Sydney and for about a year was overseer in the "Daily Telegraph" office.
O'Sullivan took a prominent part in union circles and became president of the New South Wales Typographical Association and became President of the Trades and Labor Council for six months from March 1883. In 1884, he founded a working man's party the Democratic Alliance and its newspaper "the Democrat", but both failed. 
Parliamentary career.
In 1882, O'Sullivan was a candidate for the legislative assembly at West Sydney. but was defeated, and in 1885 was defeated for South Sydney. He was, however, returned for Queanbeyan a few days later, with the assistance of the Queanbeyan Age, edited by his friend, John Gale. He held the seat for about 18 years.
In September 1899, O'Sullivan became Minister for Public Works in the Lyne ministry, and held the same position when John See became Premier until the ministry was defeated in June 1904. He was a most vigorous minister and was responsible for a great development of the tramway system, for the building of many new railways, and for many other public works in connexion with water-supply, roads, rivers, harbours and buildings, including the new Sydney railway station. According to the Bulletin, his sketch for it has "all the salient features of the Colosseum, St Paul's, the Kremlin and a Yankee skyscraper".
O'Sullivan held office for a few weeks in the Waddell ministry in 1904 as Secretary for Lands, but possibly from failing health was less prominent in politics win his later years. He, however, did good work as an alderman of the City of Sydney, and representing Belmore for six years was a useful member of the assembly. 
O'Sullivan died at Mosman of blood poisoning after a protracted illness. He was married, and left a widow, two sons and three daughters.
Literary works.
O'Sullivan had three melodramas produced: "Cooee" "Eureka Stockade" and "Keane, of Kalgoorlie" (filmed in 1911). He published during the 1890s "Esperanza: a Tale of Three Colonies", and in 1906, "Under the Southern Cross: Australian Sketches, Stories and Speeches".

</doc>
<doc id="5904153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904153" title="Josef Richard Vilímek">
Josef Richard Vilímek

Josef Richard Vilímek is name of two Czech publishers:

</doc>
<doc id="5904154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904154" title="CVHS">
CVHS

CVHS is the four-letter acronym commonly used to refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5904162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904162" title="Michael Noonan (Australian writer)">
Michael Noonan (Australian writer)

Michael John Noonan (19 September 1921 in Sumner, near Christchurch, New Zealand — 4 March 2000 in Brisbane) was an Australian / New Zealand novelist and radio script writer. He also created the Australian TV series "Riptide".
Noonan served with the Second Australian Imperial Force in New Guinea during World War II. He moved to England in 1957 but returned frequently to Australia and returned there to live in Brisbane in 1979.
The beach, his favourite place, inspired most of his books. He spent the last years of his life living in Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="5904163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904163" title="Taymouth">
Taymouth

Taymouth may refer to one of several places:

</doc>
<doc id="5904173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904173" title="Philippe Boullé">
Philippe Boullé

Philippe Boullé is a Seychellois lawyer and politician. In the country's first multiparty presidential election, held in July 1993, he was the candidate of a three-party coalition known as the 'United Opposition'. He won 3.78% of the vote, finishing a distant third behind the incumbent President France-Albert René (59.50%) and James Mancham (36.72%).
Boullé ran again in the 31 August-2 September 2001 presidential election, this time as an independent and finished last out of three candidates, winning 0.86% of the vote.
He ran again as an independent candidate in the 28–30 July 2006 presidential election and received just 0.56% of the total vote behind winner James Michel and runner-up Wavel Ramkalawan.
He is also a prominent figure in the Seychelles offshore sector. He owns an offshore firm in the Seychelles, as well as in many other jurisdictions around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5904174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904174" title="Maxime Bossis">
Maxime Bossis

Maxime Bossis (; born June 26, 1955 in Saint-André-Treize-Voies, Vendée) is a retired football defender from France, who obtained 76 caps (one goal) for the French national team. 
Football career.
A longtime starter for FC Nantes during the club's most successful period during the 1970s and 1980s, Bossis was noted chiefly as a left fullback but filled various roles in defense. Bossis spent much of his time at right back during Nantes' championship-winning seasons in 1977 and 1980, in which Thierry Tusseau normally started on the left, but made the left back position his own beginning in 1981. Bossis helped Nantes to finish first or second in every season between 1976 and 1981. The club added a third title in 1983, finishing ten points ahead of second-place Girondins Bordeaux. In 1985, Bossis moved to the ambitious RC Paris, but the Parisian club achieved only modest success in spite of heavy spending that acquired such players as Enzo Francescoli and Pierre Littbarski. Bossis returned to Nantes for one final season in 1990, lining up next to future French international Marcel Desailly before retiring from play.
Bossis was named Footballer of the Year by France Football in 1979 and 1981.
Bossis also represented France for ten years, appearing at the World Cups of 1978, 1982, and 1986. He is mostly remembered for missing the last penalty in 1982 World Cup semifinal between West Germany and France. While the score was tied at 4-4, Bossis missed the next penalty, allowing Horst Hrubesch to score the last penalty and drive the Germans to the final. From 1985 to 1992, he held the French record of caps, before fellow defender Manuel Amoros established a new mark with 82 caps. He also held the French record of matches played in the FIFA World Cup with 15, subsequently surpassed by Fabien Barthez. Bossis was also in the team that won the European Championship in 1984.
His younger brother, Joël, also played professional football and holds the all-time record most goals scored for Chamois Niortais.

</doc>
<doc id="5904193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904193" title="North Duffield">
North Duffield

North Duffield is a village and civil parish in the Selby District of North Yorkshire, England. It lies about 7 km north-east of Selby on the A163 road from Selby to Market Weighton. The River Derwent forms the eastern boundary of the parish.
It has an area of around 4081 hectares (according to 2001 UK Census data [http://www3.northyorks.gov.uk/census2001/ward_pdf/Selby/north-duffield.pdf]). There are approximately 1800 residents in the village, the majority of whom are aged between 30 and 50 years.
North Duffield is home to a Community Primary School, Methodist Church, village hall, village green, hairdressers, garage, the black cat rescue, park, shop, pub, Duck pond, lots of fields, and a bowls club.
There is an active North Duffield Conservation and local History Society, whose web site can be found at www.ndchs.org.uk, which is currently funded by Lottery Funding.
Menthorpe Gate railway station on the Selby to Driffield Line served the village from 1853 to 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="5904194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904194" title="Vi Bilägare">
Vi Bilägare

Vi Bilägare () is probably the biggest automobile magazine in Sweden. The magazine was launched in 1930 and is currently being published 18 times a year. Typical content includes automotive news and reports, new and used car reviews, test drives, DIY guides and automotive-related product tests.

</doc>
<doc id="5904199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904199" title="Howard Vernon (Australian actor)">
Howard Vernon (Australian actor)

Howard Vernon (20 May 1848 – 26 July 1921) was an Australian actor best known for his performances in comic roles of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the J. C. Williamson company.
In 1872, Vernon began to perform in a variety of operettas with several companies, including Alice May's company, in Australia and on tour in Asia and as far away as England and America. He joined the Williamson company in 1881, where he remained for 25 years, playing comic roles. After 1906, he toured and performed, mostly in England, retiring to Australia in 1914.
Early life and career.
Vernon was born in Collins Street, Melbourne, and grew up in that city. His name was originally John Lett, and he was the son of Richard Lett, a brickmaker, and his wife Jane Catherine, née Williamson. He worked as a clerk at the age of 15 and the next year as a tea-taster and blender. He made his stage debut at the age of eighteen, at Ballarat, Victoria, in a farce, "Turn Him Out". On 2 February 1870, as Norman Letville, he married an actress, Mary Jane Walker (d. 1905). They had nine children.
Vernon developed a pleasing light tenor voice. In 1872–73, he played in a season of opera bouffes in Australia with the Alice May company. In their production of "Cox and Box", he played Mr. Box. With that company, he then toured New Zealand and India. In 1874, with the Lyster Opera Company, he was successful as Myles na Coppaleen in a production of "The Lily of Killarney". Wellington's "Evening Post" said, "Mr Vernon's performance as Myles would suffice to stamp him as an actor of the first order and a very excellent tenor singer." Later that year, he organised a company of his own, Royal English Opera Company, which went to China. In 1876, in Singapore, Vernon helped to produce Gilbert and Sullivan's "Trial by Jury", accompanied by the band of the 74th Highlanders who were stationed there. They repeated the production, as well as mounting "The Sorcerer", in India. In 1877 his company travelled to Japan, where he was one of the earliest actors of European descent to appear on the Japanese stage. He later played Ange Pitou in "La fille de Madame Angot" and Fritz in "The Grand Duchess of Gerolstein" in England with Alice May's company. Vernon then crossed to America and played with Emilie Melville's company in San Francisco.
He returned to Australia and took parts in light operas such as Gaspard in "Le Cloches de Corneville" and Pippo in "La Mascotte". His reputation was, however, not fully established until he began to play in Savoy operas with the J. C. Williamson company, with whom he remained for thirty years. In 1881 he played his first such role, taking over the principal comic part of Major-General Stanley in "The Pirates of Penzance". He next played Sir Joseph in the company's revival of "H.M.S. Pinafore". He originated the part of Bunthorne in "Patience" later the same year to glowing reviews. "The Brisbane Courier" said of his Bunthorne, "Competent judges say that he is the best representative of the part who has ever appeared, and that his appreciation of the grotesque humour of it is better from an artistic point of view than that of the original performer." In addition to Gilbert and Sullivan productions, in 1882, he appeared as Captain Flapper in the comic opera "Billie Taylor", and in the title role in "Rip van Winkle" in 1883.
Vernon's first Ko-Ko in "The Mikado" was in Williamson's 1885 production. He played Sir Marmaduke in the company's "The Sorcerer" in 1886 and King Hildebrand in "Princess Ida" in 1887. "The Otago Daily Times" wrote in 1887 of his Ko-Ko that he "specially shines in his treatment of those lyrics which depend much upon enunciation and bye-play for their effect." He also finally played the Lord Chancellor in "Iolanthe" in 1887. The same paper commented, "Nothing could be more refinedly humorous than Mr Vernon's Lord Chancellor. ... His conscientious gravity was alternated ... with a wild friskiness that would have appalled Chancery Lane. His excruciating glance supplied "the" funny element in the trio 'If you go in'."
Later years.
Among other operettas and revivals of Gilbert and Sullivan operas, over the next years, Vernon played in "Erminie" in 1887. He was in the company's first production of "Olivette" in 1888. In 1889, he originated the role of Wilfred Shadbolt in Australia's first production of "The Yeomen of the Guard". In some revivals he played different roles from those he had first played. For instance, in 1889, he played Captain Corcoran in a revival of "Pinafore". In 1890, he started the year in a pantomime of "Cinderella" and later played Squire Bantam in "Dorothy". Later in the year, he originated the role of Don Alhambra in the first Australian production of "The Gondoliers". A reviewer for "The Argus" wrote, "He makes every point tell, and he restrains his propensity to grimace, with considerable advantage to the character he assumes, and without diminishing its sombre and saturnine humour."
After that, among many other works, Vernon appeared as the dissolute Duke in "La Cigale" by Edmond Audran and F. C. Burnand, in 1892. Vernon's singing voice deteriorated as he grew older, but his rendering of patter songs remained very good, as his diction was admirably clear. After a brief retirement, he returned to play King Gama in a 1905 revival of "Princess Ida".
In 1906, he married the singer and actress Lavinia Florence de Loitte, who was billed as Vinia de Loitte (1881–1962). That year he played King Paramount in "Utopia, Limited"; the "Melbourne Age" felt that he was no longer equal to the vocal demands of this role, but "The Daily News" in Perth had no complaint about his singing, and said:
Afterwards he and his wife travelled with a company in New Zealand and played for some years in Great Britain and continental Europe. They returned to Australia in 1914, where he retired from the stage, operating a book shop in Richmond, Victoria. In 1920 the J. C. Williamson company gave a benefit performance of "The Mikado" for him. He was to have played Ko-Ko, but his health did not allow it, although he attended the performance and made a speech of thanks.
He died in Prahran, Victoria, near Melbourne, on 26 July 1921. He is buried in Brighton Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="5904207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904207" title="Serapis Bey">
Serapis Bey

Serapis BeyImage of Serapis Bey: distributed by ZakaiRan and painted by New Age Artist Peter Fich Christiansen</ref> sometimes written as Serapis, is regarded in Theosophy as being one of the "Masters of the Ancient Wisdom"; and in the Ascended Master Teachings is considered to be an Ascended Master and member of the Great White Brotherhood. He is regarded as the Chohan (or Lord) of the Fourth Ray (see Seven Rays). C. W. Leadbeater wrote that Henry Steel Olcott was given occult training by Serapis Bey when his own master, Morya, was unavailable. A series of letters to Olcott, alleged to be from Serapis, encouraging Olcutt to support Blavatsky in the founding of the Theosophical Society were published in the book "Letters from the Masters of the Wisdom".
Incarnations.
It is thought that Serapis Bey was incarnated as a high priest in one of the "Temples of the Sacred Fire" on Atlantis who migrated to Egypt at the time of the destruction of Atlantis. It is also believed that he was incarnated as the Egyptian Pharaoh Amenhotep III (who constructed the Temple of Luxor to the god Amun) and also as Leonidas, the King of Sparta, who was killed in 480 BC defending the pass of Thermopylae against the invasion of Greece by Emperor Xerxes I of Persia.
According to the teachings of Agni Yoga, Serapis Bey was in past lives the Roman King Numa Pompilius, the philosophers Confucius, Plato and Lucius Anneus Seneca. He is referred in the book Supermundane as "The Thinker".
Ascension.
Adherents of the Ascended Master Teachings believe that Serapis Bey, after being killed as Leonidas in the battle of Thermopylae, immediately reembodied as Phidias (c. 480 BC - c. 430 BC), the greatest of all classical Greek sculptors. He then attained his Ascension, becoming an Ascended Master about 400 BC.
Identification with the Hellenistic deity Serapis.
Serapis Bey has been identified by Theosophists and those adherent to the Ascended Master Teachings with the god Serapis who was the syncretic Hellenistic/Egyptian god used by King Ptolemy I as the deity of his capital city of Alexandria. Serapis was the patron deity of the Library of Alexandria.
Function in the spiritual hierarchy.
C. W. Leadbeater wrote that many artists are on the fourth ray of harmony and beauty, which Serapis Bey is said to oversee as Chohan. In the teachings of Alice Bailey the fourth ray is called the ray of "harmony through conflict". Ascended Master Teachings organizations consider Serapis Bey to be the Chohan of the Fourth Ray of Purity, Harmony, and Discipline.
Skeptical view.
The scholar K. Paul Johnson maintains that the "Masters" that Helena Blavatsky wrote about and produced letters from were actually idealizations of people who were her mentors.
Also see the article “Talking to the Dead and Other Amusements” by Paul Zweig "New York Times" October 5, 1980, which maintains that Helena Blavatsky's revelations were fraudulent.

</doc>
<doc id="5904211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904211" title="Charles Corver">
Charles Corver

Charles George Reinier Corver (born January 16, 1936, Leiden) is a former Dutch football referee. 
He was decorated twice by the Queen and the football association (KNVB-UEFA-FIFA).
He is remembered for his controversial decision in the 1982 World Cup semifinal between Germany and France in Seville, Spain, when he deemed goalkeeper Harald Schumacher's collision with Patrick Battiston to be not a foul. It is regularly considered to have been one of the worst refereeing decisions ever made.
Corver was referee at two World Cups and two European championships. He refereed four European Cup finals, ten semifinals and a final World Cup for clubs in Argentina. More than 140 international matches and more than 600 national matches. After his last final (1983) in Portugal he was observer for UEFA-FIFA and KNVB for 22 years and member of the disciplinary commity for sixteen years. His profession was national sales manager at Heineken.

</doc>
<doc id="5904222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904222" title="Castelfidardo">
Castelfidardo

Castelfidardo (Marchigiano: "Castello") is a town and "comune" in the province of Ancona, in the Marche region of central-eastern Italy.
It is particularly remembered for a Sardinian victory over a papal army composed of foreign volunteers defending the Papal States, on September 18, 1860. The town's Museum of the Risorgimento, in the palazzo Mordini, commemorates the battle and places it in the wider context of the Risorgimento as a whole. It houses artifacts and documents of the period, including around 130 loans from private collections or other museums.
Famous products.
Castelfidardo is also known as the international capital of accordion builders. A variety of other musical instruments besides the accordion have been produced in the town since the 19th century, such as the armonica.
Twin towns.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="5904226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904226" title="List of Grevillea cultivars">
List of Grevillea cultivars

This is a list of cultivars of the plant genus "Grevillea".

</doc>
<doc id="5904227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904227" title="List of thought processes">
List of thought processes

This is a list of thinking styles, methods of thinking (thinking skills), and types of thought. "See also the" List of thinking-related topic lists, the List of philosophies and the .

</doc>
<doc id="5904241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904241" title="Matt Finish">
Matt Finish

Matt Finish are an Australian rock band formed in mid-1979 by singer-songwriter and guitarist Matt Moffitt (1956–2003) and drummer, composer and producer John Prior. In 1978 Moffitt had formed a funk band, Matt Finnish, but it disbanded after several months. The 1981 line-up of Moffit, Prior, Richard Grossman on bass guitar and Jeff Clayton on rhythm guitar recorded their debut album, "Short Note", which peaked at No. 14 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart. The title song, "Short Note", peaked at No. 18 on the related Singles Chart and became a standard on Australian radio stations. Grossman was later a member of Divinyls and Hoodoo Gurus. On 13 August 2003 Moffit died in his sleep, aged 46. From 2006 Prior has continued Matt Finish with various line-ups.
In 2004 "Short Note" was covered by Wendy Matthews and appeared on her album "Café Naturale". It was listed in Triple M Network's 2005 Best Songs of the Eighties poll, it appeared in the 2007 Australian feature film "The Final Winter" and on numerous compilation albums including Sony BMG's "Essential Australian Rock" released in April 2008; and a new recording of the track appears on Matt Finish's 2008 anthology album "1978-2008".
History.
1970s.
Matt Finish's formation developed from an earlier, similarly spelled group, Matt Finnish. The latter was a briefly existing Australian funk band formed in 1978 in Sydney by singer-songwriter and guitarist Matt Moffitt (1956–2003), bass guitarist Brian Alcorn and drummer Tony Georgeson. They performed for several months, including shows at The Observer Hotel, The Rocks, Sydney, before disbanding in early 1979. In the early 1990s, Georgeson formed The Dukes, with Sean Kelly, before joining Sydney jazz band The Jive Bombers. In July and early August 1979, Moffitt and Alcorn teamed up with drummer, composer and producer John Prior to form Matt Finish as a rock band.
On 20 August 1979 New Zealanders Jeff Clayton (bass guitar and vocals) and Glen White (guitar) completed the band's early line-up. From 1979 to 1980, like their contemporaries Midnight Oil, Flowers/Icehouse and INXS, Matt Finish played regular residencies in clubs and pubs around Sydney most nights of the week, often double-gigging on weekends. In November 1979, radio station broadcast Matt Finish live-to-air from the Civic Hotel in Pitt Street, Sydney and continued to broadcast the raw live performances for a year. In 2009 these recordings appeared in the "Flight Case" box set collection.
1980s.
In January 1980, Matt Finish's line-up changed when Clayton contracted hepatitis and was replaced on bass guitar by Rick Grossman (ex-Eric Gradman's Man and Machine) who had attended Sydney Boys High School with Prior. In February they undertook a month-long tour of Queensland tour, the band recorded at Music Farm Studios near Byron Bay and radio stations around Australia added these recordings to their regular play-lists. Upon returning to Sydney in March, Glen White left the band. Moffitt, Prior and Grossman performed live as a three-piece while auditioning over fifty guitarists until in May Clayton rejoined on rhythm guitar.
In mid-1980, Matt Finish recorded at ABC Sydney Studio 221, from which radio station 2JJ (see ) also broadcast, with the songs "Indicator" and "Red Lights" becoming underground hits. The band was touring interstate regularly and attendances at live performances increased. Matt Finish signed to Peter Dawkins-owned, The Giant Recording Company, which on-signed its rights to CBS Records International. In November 1980, released their debut double A-sided single, "Matt Finish Play Africa" with the tracks "C.I.A." and "Mancini Shuffle". Radio stations around Australia broadcast on high rotation.
On 18 January 1981, Matt Finish performed at the Last Double Jay Concert to an audience of 40,000 at Parramatta Park with the concert broadcast live-to-air. That same week, the group performed at the Sydney Musicians Club, which was filmed and, in 2009, was released on a DVD, "Matt Finish Live at the Musicians Club 1981". In February 1981 Matt Finish released their first album, "Short Note", on Giant/CBS Records, it was produced by Dawkins (Finch, Mi-Sex). It peaked at No. 14 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart. The title song, "Short Note", peaked at No. 18 on the related Singles Chart. The newly established Triple J (successor to Double Jay) FM radio network played tracks from "Short Note" nationally, followed by the commercial networks. In July that year, Matt Finish recorded a live five-track extended play, "Fade Away" at PACT Theatre in the old Corn Exchange building in Sussex Street, Sydney. The EP was released in October 1981. Original copies are now considered collector's items.
Due to Moffitt's declining health, the band split up at the end of 1981. Grossman joined Divinyls for six years (1982–1987) and later was a member of Hoodoo Gurus. In May 1983, Matt Finish reconvened with Moffitt, Prior and Clayton – they recommenced touring and recording with a variety of musicians including Bertie Dorset (bass guitar and guitar), Anthony Smith (keyboards), Jim Cox (percussion), Ken Francis (guitar), Rob Riley (guitar), Doug Ironside (guitar), Dave Leslie (guitar) and Russell Nelson (guitar).
In November 1983, Clayton, Prior and Moffitt released the EP "Matt Finish" which was followed in May 1984 by their second album, "Word of Mouth" – co-produced by the band and Colin Freeman. The following September, Matt Finish performed 15 shows on U2's Under Australian Skies Tour, including five sold-out shows at the Sydney Entertainment Centre. In November 1984, Moffitt and Prior recorded 16 songs at ATA Studios in Glebe to secure Moffitt's solo recording deal with CBS Records Australia. By early 1985 Moffitt had disbanded Matt Finish and pursued his solo career. In March 1985, Moffitt and Prior travelled to London and Belgium to record Moffitt's first solo album "As Little as a Look". It was recorded by UK producer Nicky Graham with session musicians Pete Glennister, Felix Krish, Simon Climie and Rob Fisher. "Miss This Tonight", the first single from album, reached No. 17. The song was played on FM rock stations in Australia. Matt Finish remained inactive from 1986 to 1989 while Moffitt and Prior pursued other projects, Prior produced recordings in New York with Moffitt in 1989 but the tracks were never released. At about this time Moffitt toured outside Australia with a group called Blue Max.
1990s.
In 1990 Matt Finish was reformed by Moffitt and Prior with former Eurogliders members Guy Le Claire (guitar) and Lindsay Jehan (bass), and New Yorker Jennifer Barrett (guitar, vocals, ex-Blue Max). Managed and promoted by Prior, the band completed a tour of 50 performances around Australia. The band recorded four songs produced by Peter Blyton at Studios 301 and Bondi Road Studios which were never released.
In April 1992, Moffitt released a limited edition solo acoustic CD EP "Euroka", produced by Blyton. In June that year, Moffitt re-signed with producer Peter Dawkins and using the name Matt Finish (with permission of Prior – his company Mammal Music owns the Matt Finish trademark) released the single "One Day at a Time". The album, "By Heart" (September 1993), and an EP "Earthbound" (July) featured a line-up of Moffitt with Adrian Cannon (drums), Rohan Cannon (guitar and vocals) and Bobby Christian (bass guitar) with Paul Dawkins (son of Peter Dawkins) on keyboards. The line-up of Moffitt and Paul Dawkins with Eliot Reynolds (guitar) and Justin Leaf (drums) released the singles "Blue" (September 1993) and "Will I Ever Know?" (May 1994).
Early 1996 to late 1997, Matt Finish reformed as a live touring act and embarked on a substantial touring schedule (The Boys Are Back In Town tour, Back To The Beach tour, plus dozens of hotel and club dates) featuring Matt Moffitt guitar and vocals, Geoff Marr bass and vocals, Chris Parkhurst guitar, Mark (?) drums, Neil Marr drums, Darrel Smith drums. recorded Need You Tonight; 1997 (unreleased; featured in live set)
2000s.
From late 2000 the band Fire Hand Ember with Moffitt and Grossman joined by Joseph Calderazzo (guitar and vocals) and Wayne Grech (drums) performed 20 shows. Some gigs used the alternate names Matt Finish or Matt Moffitt for the same line-up. Fire Hand Ember's repertoire included Matt Finish tracks, "Mancini Shuffle", "Layman's Day" and "Short Note". In 2001, Matt Finish's track "Short Note" was compiled on "Australian Made Volume 2" issued by Rajon Music Group. Also that year, Matt Finish line-up with Moffitt and Grossman released the limited edition compilation CD entitled, "Just a Short Note".
On 13 August 2003, Moffitt died suddenly in his sleep, aged 46. His funeral, on what would have been his 47th birthday, 20 August, was attended by hundreds of people including Rob Hirst (Midnight Oil), Don Walker (Cold Chisel), Doc Neeson (The Angels), Rose Tattoo, Swanee (aka John Swan) and Grossman. The number-plate of Matt's hearse was MF-47. In 2004, ScreenSound (National Film & Sound Archives) released a compilation CD album called "Running in the Shadows: Oz rock rarities 1983-1994" featuring Matt Finish. In May that year, "Short Note" was covered by Wendy Matthews and appeared on her album "Café Naturale".
In late 2006, Prior reformed Matt Finish with Clayton, Luke Dixon (vocals and guitar) and Matt Cornell (vocals and bass guitar) for the Matt Moffitt Memorial Tour, which was promoted by Rob Prior, John's elder brother. At The Basement, Sydney, Grossman joined the band as a special guest. In December that year, Matt Finish released "Don't Fade Away", a new version of "Fade Away", free on the internet to commemorate the tribute tour.
In April 2007, Prior, David Adams (vocals and guitar) and Harry Brus (bass guitar and vocals) embarked on a 50-show Australian tour, joined by various guests including Steve Edmonds (guitar and vocals), Kevin Borich (guitar and vocals), Tim Gaze (guitar), Eliot Reynolds (guitar), Russ Nelson (guitar and vocals), Barry Leef (vocals and guitar), Al Slavik (bass guitar), Les Rankin (guitar and vocals), Seven Hawkes (guitar), Tom Ruki (bass guitar) and Guy Le Claire (guitar). In December that year, Parrish Muhoberac (guitar and vocals) joined Matt Finish and the band completed a new album at Prior's Unity Gain Studios in Erskineville on Christmas Eve. In January 2008, Matt Finish released the album "1978–2008", a freshly recorded retrospective album with three previously unreleased songs, "Dream Away", "Cold Wars" and "River". In June that year, Guy Le Claire rejoined and the group embarked on a tour with saxophonist Dale Barlow, who had previously attended South Strathfield Public School with Prior. 
In January 2009, a DVD, "Matt Finish Live At The Musicians Club 1981", was released, with concert footage of the band performing live in the eighties. In February, the EP "New Frontier" was released, featuring David Adams (vocals/guitar), Brus, Dieter Kleemann (guitar), Le Claire, Prior, Victor Rounds (bass). It was arranged & produced by Prior at Unity Gain Studios Sydney and mastered by William Bowden at King Willy Sound Sydney. In March, they regrouped as a three-piece of Prior and Brus with Glenn Bidmead (vocals and guitar). Brus was replaced by Kim May and then Tom Ruki on bass guitar. In July, the band released two retrospective CDs, "Short Note Remastered" and "Civic Hotel" and in September they issued "Fade Away Sessions" and "Word of Mouth". In December, the band released "Flight Case", a retrospective 12-disc box set. In January 2013, Matt Finish headlined three days at the Thredbo Music Festival featuring Elliot Weston on vocals, Nick Meredith on guitar, Peter Astley on bass and John Prior on drums.
Members.
The following is a list of band members arranged chronologically:
Discography.
Compilations.
List of compilation albums featuring Matt Finish.

</doc>
<doc id="5904242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904242" title="Eduardo Gonçalves de Oliveira">
Eduardo Gonçalves de Oliveira

Eduardo Gonçalves de Oliveira (born 30 November 1981), commonly known as Edu, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for J. League Division 1 club FC Tokyo as a striker.
Club career.
Besiktas.
Edu did not start the season well and Carlos Carvalhal benched him for months. He scored a great goal in the last group stage match against Stoke City in UEFA Europa League and Beşiktaş finished first in the group. His first league goal came against Samsunspor in a penalty kick in December 2011. His second goal came in the BJK İnönü Stadium against rivals Bursa.
Liaoning Whowin.
Edu moved to Chinese Super League club Liaoning Whowin on 28 February 2013. He scored his first goal on his debut for Liaoning.

</doc>
<doc id="5904246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904246" title="Teague">
Teague

Teague may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904254" title="Chicken Licken (restaurant)">
Chicken Licken (restaurant)

Chicken Licken is a South Africa-based fast-food fried chicken chain. Its first store was built in 1981 at Ridgeway; in Johannesburg, South Africa. According to the "Sunday Times" Markinor 2007 Brands Survey, Chicken Licken is the second biggest fast food brand in South Africa, making it well known to the residents there. Chicken Licken is the biggest non-American fried chicken franchise in the world. and there are over 200 stores 
The name of the restaurant is derived from one of the names of the fable The Sky is Falling, which also features "Henny Penny".

</doc>
<doc id="5904260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904260" title="Captain Trips">
Captain Trips

Captain Trips may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904262" title="David Hill (rugby union)">
David Hill (rugby union)

David William Hill (born 31 July 1978 in Blenheim, New Zealand) is a rugby union player. His position is fly-half. He spent most of his career playing for Waikato and the Chiefs. He also played for the All Blacks between 2001 and 2006, in which he has played 1 test and 2 games
In November 2006 he started playing for the Bristol Rugby club in the Guinness Premiership, and on 14 March 2008 announced that he'd leave the English club for a move to Toshiba Brave Lupus, a Japanese club, with other former Chiefs and Waikato player Steven Bates. In 2010 he signed with the Western Force with whom he spent one season.
He is the cousin of former New Zealand cricket captain Daniel Vettori.

</doc>
<doc id="5904268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904268" title="Jesse R. Pitts">
Jesse R. Pitts

Jesse Richard Pitts (1921–2003), was an American sociologist specializing in deviance and social control, family sociology, sociological theory, French society, and criminology. He is considered one of the leading disciples of Talcott Parsons, dean of American sociologists for much of the 20th century. Pitts is perhaps best known for his contributions to a large textbook on sociology, "Theories of Society: Foundations of Modern Sociological Theory", edited by Parsons and published in 1961. He pioneered sociological work on marginality, deviance and conformity. He was interested particularly in criminology and the institutional treatment of mental illness. Raised on both sides of the Atlantic, Pitts felt at home in France as much as in the United States. He created the Franco-American periodical "The Tocqueville Review", serving as editor from 1978 to 1991.
Early life.
Pitts was born in East Palestine, Ohio on June 13, 1921. He was the only child of Howard Earl ("Doc") Pitts (1889–1951), a veterinarian from Marietta, Ohio, who fought in France with the Expeditionary Forces during World War I. Before returning to the States, Doc married Denyse Dinin in Decize. When Jesse (named after Jess Willard, the boxer) was 7, his parents separated and he went to France with his mother. He did not see his father again until a summer vacation in 1937 where he met his numerous cousins in Marietta, Ohio.
Pitts developed an early interest in politics in France and, at age 15, joined the communist party and distributed leaflets. At 16, French police turned him back from the Spanish frontier as he sought to join the Spanish Civil War.
Harvard and World War II.
He returned to the United States in 1938 to attend Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Initially interested in economics, he was attracted to sociology by Parsons, who taught at Harvard. Majoring in sociology, with a minor in economics, he graduated magna cum laude in June 1941. At Harvard, Pitts joined the Trotskyites but lost interest in the movement following the fall of Paris to the Nazis in June 1940. He tried to enlist and was placed on a waiting list in Canada but was never called up. After graduation he found a job at Macy's in New York. While he found the job unsatisfying, his roommate Jim Chapin introduced him to Jazz which was thriving in New York City and he truly enjoyed (later he would often start his classes with Miles Davis recordings.) Once the U.S. declared war, he enlisted in the US Air Corps and went into pilot training then sent to England in 1943, to the Base in Kimbolton as part of the 379th Bombardment Group (heavy). As second lieutenant he accomplished 25 missions (including 3 first missions over Berlin) over France and Germany as copilot of a B-17 bomber (H). Back in the U.S. he instructed new pilots, sold war bonds, and was a pilot for the Air Transport Command when he was discharged in October 1945. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross as well as the French Croix de Guerre. He started writing about his experience with the intention to write a book but this would go on hold until he retired from teaching 50 years later.
Career.
Intending to return to Harvard for his Ph.D. Pitts returned to France and created an import-export company in Casablanca to generate funds required for his academic goal. In May 1947, he married Monique Bonnier, daughter of the late Claude Bonnier, engineer and hero of the French Resistance.
Jesse and Monique were married in the American Cathedral in Paris. 
Jesse Pitts returned to Harvard in the summer of 1948 and by June 1950 was ready to go to France to work on his thesis, with Talcott Parsons as adviser. The stay in France extended to 3 years, as Jesse wrote for Le Monde and lectured. In 1953, Parsons asked Pitts to join him in England to work on the projected book: Theories of Society. co-authored by T. Parsons, Ed. Shils, Kaspar Naegle and Jess R. Pitts. The book was published in 1961 and became a standard text for Sociology students.
Pitts received his Ph.D. in 1958 and began his teaching career in Detroit, Michigan, at Wayne State University, as assistant professor, then as associate professor. In 1964, he left for Oakland University, in Rochester Michigan, where he taught from 1964 to 1986, as full professor and chairman. He taught at the Harvard Summer School in 1971 and 1975. He was twice a Fulbright Fellow. During a long stay in Paris (1966–1968) he was a lecturer at the Ecole des Hautes Etudes (Paris-Sorbonne). While living in Paris he participated in Television broadcasts and wrote newspapers articles. He wrote a book on the 1968 May events in France, but decided against publishing it. A perfectionist, he put aside many works that did not satisfy him. Politically, while Pitts had held left wing views in his youth, he shifted to more conservative opinions. Almost all of his friends and colleagues were liberal intellectuals and solid Democrats (Democratic Party (United States)), but Pitts was never reticent to debate issues, often appearing on talk shows and as a columnist for various publications.
The Tocqueville Review.
Pitts founded The Tocqueville Review/La Revue Tocqueville in 1978 and was its editor until 1991. The Review is a French-American bilingual journal devoted to the comparative study of social change in the spirit of Alexis de Tocqueville’s pioneer investigations. Pitts recruited many of his colleagues to author essays on current affairs, history, and political philosophy. In 2003, at the memorial event in Charlottesville, Professor Ted Caplow, first president and founder of the Tocqueville Society, defined the review as:"...a proud monument and one that will long honor him." Caplow also said: "...its intellectual standards are exceptionally high and it continues to attract contributions, both in English and French, from major scholars and public figures on both sides of the Atlantic." Pitts was a member of the Tocqueville Jury which awarded the Prix Alexis de Tocqueville to international scholars.
Retirement.
In 1986, Jesse retired to Charlottesville. The Department of Sociology at UVA recruited him to teach an occasional course as a lecturer. Fully retiring in 1991, both from teaching and as editor of the Tocqueville Review, he concentrated on writing his war memories and devoted much time with former crewmen of the "Penny Ante" and other friends from his Bomb Group the 379th. He also joined the Virginia Chapter of the Historical Society (Eighth Air Force) and launched its Newsletter: Plane Talk, and served as editor until 1997.
His health declining, Pitts barely finished his Memoirs. He died peacefully on August 2, 2003 and was buried in Charlottesville with military honors. His Memoirs were published in 2004, under the title Return to Base, in hard cover followed by a British paper back edition in 2006. A French translation, Retour sur Kimbolton, was published in Paris in 2006, and a second edition appeared in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5904269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904269" title="Teien">
Teien

Teien may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904273" title="The World of Johnny Cash">
The World of Johnny Cash

The World of Johnny Cash is the 34th studio album released by country singer Johnny Cash on Columbia Records in 1970 (see 1970 in music). It contains some of Cash's minor hits, as well as several songs that were never released as singles. The album reached No. 2 on the Country charts. It was certified Gold on 1/23/1971 by the R.I.A.A.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="5904277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904277" title="Ten Broeck">
Ten Broeck

Ten Broeck (June 29, 1872 - June 28, 1887) was an American U.S. Racing Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse whose 1878 match race win in Louisville, against the great California mare Mollie McCarty was immortalized in the Kentucky folk song commonly called Molly and Tenbrooks.
Bred by John Harper at his farm near Midway, Kentucky, Ten Broeck was sired by United Kingdom import Phaeton, a son of Baron Mayer de Rothschild's stallion King Tom. Ten Broeck's dam was Fannie Holton. On John Harper's death, the horse became the property of his nephew, Frank B. Harper.
Ten Broeck raced once at age two, finishing third in a race for two-year-old colts at Lexington, Kentucky. In 1875, the three-year-old Ten Broeck defeated Aristides to win the Phoenix Hotel Stakes. In May's Kentucky Derby, he moved into second place by the three-quarters of a mile pole but faded to finish fifth behind winner Aristides. Overall, that year Ten Broeck won five of his nine starts and continued to improve at age four, taking seven of eight races while setting a new World record time for a four-mile race on dirt. At age five, of his ten starts he won nine and finished second once. That only defeat came to Pierre Lorillard IV's future Hall of Fame colt, Parole, in the Baltimore Special.
With sixteen wins and two seconds in eighteen starts during his last two racing seasons, Ten Broeck was brought back to race twice more in 1878 and won both times. Ridden by Billy Walker, he won a much-talked-about match race victory over the Californian star Mollie McCarty. The story of this race is recounted in the lyrics of the Kentucky folk song Molly and Tenbrooks.
Retired to stud duty, Ten Broeck met with modest success. He sired 1885 Travers Stakes winner Bersan, and the 1884 and 1886 Tennessee Derby winners Ten Strike and Jim Gray. He was also the sire of the filly Ten Penny, who won the 1888 Kentucky Oaks, and Tolu, winner of the 1884 Alabama Stakes. He is the grandsire of 1904 Kentucky Derby winner Elwood.
Ten Broeck died in 1887 (the same year the great Kincsem of Hungary died) and is buried at Nantura Stock Farm (the farm was named by its owner, Uncle John Harper, for the dam of Longfellow) in Midway, Kentucky. According to the National Sporting Library, his headstone was the first ever erected for a Thoroughbred in the state of Kentucky. In 1982, Ten Broeck was inducted in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5904281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904281" title="Orsolobidae">
Orsolobidae

The Orsolobidae are a six-eyed spider family with about 180 described species in 29 genera. They were separated from the Dysderidae. Several genera were transferred from the Oonopidae.
Distribution.
Most genera are endemic to New Zealand and the Australian region. 
Several genera occur in southern Africa ("Afrilobus", "Azanialobus") and South America ("Chileolobus", "Mallecolobus", "Orsolobus", "Osornolobus", "Falklandia", "Losdolobus").

</doc>
<doc id="5904283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904283" title="Philipp Jaffé">
Philipp Jaffé

Philipp Jaffé (February 17, 1819 – April 3, 1870) was a German historian and philologist. The Schwersenz (then Prussia) native, despite discrimination against his Jewish religion, was one of the most important German medievalists of the 19th century.
After graduating from the gymnasium at Posen in 1838 he went to Berlin, entering a banking-house. Two years later he abandoned commercial life and studied at Humboldt University of Berlin (Ph.D. 1844). Seven years later appeared his great work, "Regesta Pontificum Romanorum ab Condita Ecclesia ad Annum p. Ch. n. 1198," containing 11,000 papal documents, Berlin, 1851 (2d ed. by Löwenfeld, Kaltenbrunner, and Ewald, Leipzig, 1885–88). This work made him well known, but he had still to earn a livelihood; he therefore again entered the university, this time as a student of medicine, at Berlin and later at Vienna. Graduating as M.D. from Berlin in 1853, he engaged in practise in that city for a year, and then became one of the editors of the "Monumenta Germaniae Historica." This position he resigned in 1863, his chief work having been vols. xii, xvi, xvii, xviii, xix, and xx of the "Scriptores."
In 1862 Jaffé was appointed assistant professor of history at Humboldt University of Berlin, where he lectured on Latin paleography and Roman and medieval chronology. In 1868 he became a Christian. During the last year of his life he suffered from "delirium persecutionis."
Jaffé wrote, in addition to the above-mentioned works, "Geschichte des Deutschen Reiches unter Lothar dem Sachsen," Berlin, 1843; "Geschichte des Deutschen Reiches unter Konrad III." Hanover, 1845; and "Bibliotheca Rerum Germanicarum," ib. 1864-71. Jaffé furthermore collaborated with Wilhelm Wattenbach in editing the "Ecclesiæ Metropolitanæ Coloniensis Codices," which was published (Berlin, 1879) by Wattenbach after Jaffé's death. Jaffé committed suicide at Wittenberge on April 3, 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="5904293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904293" title="Natural Life">
Natural Life

Natural Life were an English band of the early 1990s that are best described as a 'bohemian rock collective', their music being a combination of rock influences and dancefloor beats. 
They emerged from London's Balearic dance movement and were quickly caught up in a bidding war between the major record labels. Their early gigs listed venues such as Danny Rampling's fledgling 'Milk Bar' and 'Eat The Worm' at the Hannover Grand, where they were supported by the then unknown Ocean Colour Scene. They were the only London based band to play 'Factory Day' at 'Cities in the Park' with The Happy Mondays, Electronic and A Certain Ratio. This almost exclusively Mancunian mini-festival was a memorial festival for the recently deceased Martin Hannett run by Factory Records.(see Cities in the Park video band list)
The band were signed to an offshoot of Hollywood Records called Tr1be Records. They toured extensively with indie dance act The Farm and provided support for Seal on his UK tour. 
The band's first single "Strange World" was voted 'record of the week' by BBC Radio 1. The second single "Natural Life" received the same accolade two weeks running. Although the band enjoyed a large UK following and were regulars on the festival circuit playing at both the Glastonbury and Reading festivals that year, they never managed to break into the mainstream. 
The band performed on Channel 4's "The Word" on 28 February 1992.
Their percussionist Shovell later found fame as a member of M People.

</doc>
<doc id="5904310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904310" title="Tenino">
Tenino

Tenino may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="5904313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904313" title="Craig Newby">
Craig Newby

Craig Newby (born 27 July 1979) is a former New Zealand rugby union rugby footballer.
Newby spent the bulk of his career in New Zealand, playing for Otago, the Otago Highlanders, North Harbour and the Auckland Blues. He had a short stint with Newcastle Falcons in 2002. He made three appearances for New Zealand before moving to England in 2008 to play for Leicester Tigers.
He retired from professional rugby early in the 2012 season and now is coaching at Cambridge and Laxton Junior School, Oundle. 

</doc>
<doc id="5904324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904324" title="Alessandro Potenza">
Alessandro Potenza

Alessandro Potenza (born 8 March 1984 in San Severo) is an Italian football defender, who currently plays for Modena in the Serie B.
Club career.
FC Internazionale Milano.
Potenza came from the youth system of Internazionale, and was called up to the first team squad for the 2002–2003 Serie A season. He only made one appearance for Inter's first team in a Coppa Italia match against A.S. Bari, 4 December 2002.
Loan Spells.
In 2003 he was loaned out to Serie B side Ancona, to gain experience. After finding playing time limited at Ancona, he was loaned out to Serie A outfit Parma. With Parma, he found more success and plenty of first team action. In 2005 Inter loaned him out to another Serie A side. This time it was Chievo. After another decent campaign, Spanish side Mallorca wanted to bring Potenza out to La Liga. Again, Inter opted to loan him out. After yet another fairly impressive season, he caught the eye of Serie A side Fiorentina, who wanted to bring the player back to Italy.
ACF Fiorentina – Genoa CFC.
In 2006, Fiorentina made a bid for the player, and Inter Milan decided to sell the young talent, for €1.25 million. In his early stages with the Tuscan team, he found plenty of playing time, and even some first team action. During the 2007/2008 Serie A season, Potenza found playing time very hard to find and was seldom used in the starting XI. In the summer of 2008, Fiorentina decided to sell the player to Genoa CFC.
In the first half of the 2008/2009 Serie A season, Potenza also found playing time hard to come by with the Genoa based team.
Calcio Catania.
During the 2009 winter transfer market, Potenza was seeking a transfer away from Liguria, and on 31 January 2009, it was confirmed that Potenza had joined Calcio Catania, in a co-ownership deal. He was brought in to strengthen the defensive line of the southern team who were pushing for UEFA Cup football. As a result of his arrival, Gennaro Sardo was sent out on loan from Catania to relegation battlers Chievo Verona. Potenza instantly earned his starting place under then-coach Walter Zenga, and began the new season as a starter under Gianluca Atzori, but after a mid-season injury, the right back failed to obtain regular first team action in the team under coach Siniša Mihajlović, who led Catania from 20th to 12th in the Serie A league table in his first 5 months in charge. In August 2011, Catania signed the full ownership of the right back, and he would go on to make 20 league appearances for the club that season.
During the 2011–12 Serie A season, under Vincenzo Montella, and the 2012–13 Serie A campaign, under Rolando Maran, the former Italy youth international has struggled for game time, appearing just 11 times in league competition over the course of those two seasons. Interestingly, Catania has broken the club's all-time points record total in the five consecutive seasons that Potenza has been with the team.
International career.
Potenza has 9 caps with the Italy U-19 team, as well as 2 caps for the Italy U-20 team. His international career took off with the Italy U-21 team, where he made a total of 27 appearances, along with having the delite of scoring a single goal.

</doc>
<doc id="5904342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904342" title="Louis-Léon Lesieur Desaulniers">
Louis-Léon Lesieur Desaulniers

Louis-Léon Lesieur Desaulniers (February 20, 1823 – October 31, 1896) was a Quebec physician and political figure. He represented Saint-Maurice in the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative member from 1867 to 1868 and from 1879 to 1887.
He was born in Yamachiche, Lower Canada in 1823, the son of François Lesieur Desaulniers, who represented Saint-Maurice in the legislative assemblies for Lower Canada and the Province of Canada. He studied at the Séminaire de Nicolet, then went on to study medicine, first at Trois-Rivières and then at Harvard University, graduating in 1846. He returned to practice in Yamachiche. He was elected to represent Saint-Maurice in the Legislative Assembly of Canada in 1854, 1858 and 1861 as a member of the parti bleu, then was defeated in 1863. He was elected to the 1st Canadian Parliament in 1867 but resigned in 1868 to become inspector for prisons and asylums in Quebec, later serving as president of that agency. Desaulniers also was an officer in the local militia. He died in Montreal in 1896.
His son Eugène Merrill was later a member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="5904351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904351" title="Index of neuroscience articles">
Index of neuroscience articles

Action potential --
Acetylcholine --
Acetylcholinesterase --
Aging and memory --
Albert Einstein's brain --
Brain --
Central nervous system (CNS) --
Dendrite --
Dopamine --
Glial cell --
Human brain --
Long-term potentiation --
Nervous system --
Neurite --
Neuron --
Neuroplasticity --
Neuroscience --
Neurotransmitter --
Sensory neuroscience --
Synapse --
Synaptic plasticity

</doc>
<doc id="5904364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904364" title="Falconara Marittima">
Falconara Marittima

Falconara Marittima is a "comune" on the Adriatic coast, in Italy. It is located north of Ancona, in the Marche region, province of Ancona.
Its main characteristic is a long sandy beach where during the summer people practice sports such as beach volleyball, beach tennis and beach soccer.
, 90.94% of the population was Italian. The largest immigrant group came from Albania and Romania 4.75%, followed by Bangladesh 1.27% and North Africa 1.17%.[http://www.demo.istat.it/str2010/index.html].
Main sights.
Falconara developed around a castle which in the second half of the 16th century was bought by the noble family of Bourbon del Monte, who, in the 19th century, were still present as owners of ancient trappings.
The Castle of Falconara, together with those of Rocca Priora and of Castelferretti, represented a defence system articulated around Ancona, the system which controlled the territory, demanded bridge toll for crossing over the river Esino and had many other functions.
Falconara Marittima has a zoo.
Every year a fireworks display takes place on 15 August, the Ferragosto holiday.
The Frecce Tricolori show took place in the sky of Falconara Marittima in the summer of 2007 and 2009
The Cormorano park on the north side of town in the past year has hosted numerous important cultural events, including concerts of Francesco De Gregori, Goran Bregovic and Piero Pelù.
Climate.
The weather in winter is quite cold due to the bora, an icy wind that blows along the coast, however snow is rare. The last recorded heavy snowfall occurred in February 2012.
From April to June the climate is warm and pleasant, with moderate humidity.
July and August can be very hot, with high temperatures usually above .
In 2003 Falconara experienced twin tornados along the coast .
Transportation.
The Ancona Airport is located in Falconara Marittima. Falconara beach is about from the airport. The Orte (Rome) – Falconara main line is one of the few transversal lines on the Italian Railway Network; even the Adriatic line passes through Falconara railway station.
Sport.
The local volleyball team Pallavolo Falconara won the CEV Cup in 1986 and reached play-off semifinal of Italian Volleyball League two times in the eighties. Notable former volleyball players of the club include Ferdinando De Giorgi, Daniel Castellani, Tom Sorensen, Raimonds Vilde, Jan Kvalheim, Andrea Anastasi, Leondino Giombini, Pasquale Gravina, Valerio Vermiglio and Samuele Papi.
There is a fotboll cup that a Swedish boys football team LBK P14 from Lund has attended during the last week in June since 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="5904373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904373" title="Ali Williams">
Ali Williams

Alexander James "Ali" Williams (born 30 April 1981 in Auckland) is a New Zealand rugby union player at the position of lock. He currently captains for the Blues in Super Rugby. In 2008, he played for the Crusaders and in 2010 signed on loan for Nottingham in the RFU Championship. He played for the All Blacks between 2002 and 2012. He was in the All Blacks squad for the 2003, 2007 and 2011 World Cups. In 2005, "NZ Rugby Almanack" chose him as one of its five players of the year.
An advert he commentated for a product his company sells, "Water for Everyone", was found by the Chairman of the Advertising Standards Authority New Zealand to have potentially broken some Codes of Advertising including the codes of advertising to children. The advert was discontinued so did not go before the full ASA board, thus the case was considered settled.
Career summary.
Williams did not begin playing rugby until 1998 when, aged 17 during his time in Greenbank house. He played for the King's College Second XV. He had already represented Auckland at junior level in soccer, tennis and cricket. In 1999, he was a member of the King's College First XV and at this stage he decided to concentrate on rugby. He began a business studies course at Auckland University of Technology, but after playing club rugby and spending time at the Auckland Rugby Academy, he was selected to make his first class debut for Auckland in an National Provincial Championship (NPC) match against Taranaki on 24 August 2001. The following year he was named in the Blues squad for the Super 12 and made his debut against the Hurricanes in the opening game of the season, on 22 February 2002. Later that year, he was selected for the All Blacks' year-end tour to , and ; he played in all three Test matches, making his international debut against England at Twickenham on 9 November 2002.
All Blacks career.
2003.
Following the 2002 year-end tour to Europe, Williams became a regular member of the All Blacks. He started in all three matches against touring Northern Hemisphere teams, in June 2003, though he could have missed the games against Wales and France, after being cited for stamping on the head of England fullback Josh Lewsey; he was cleared of the charge when a disciplinary tribunal ruled that his actions had been "inadvertent and incidental". He started in all four matches in the 2003 Tri Nations Series, before being chosen in the All Blacks squad for the 2003 Rugby World Cup. He almost did not make the squad, after suffering a stress fracture of the right foot during the All Blacks training camp in New Plymouth, an injury that required the insertion of a pin, but was included on the strength of his line-out play. He was rested for the first two pool matches, against and , but started in the remaining five games that New Zealand played, scoring his first international try in the final pool game, against Wales, when he jumped above the Welsh wing Shane Williams, to collect a cross-field kick from Carlos Spencer. French back, and newspaper columnist, Thomas Castaignède named Williams and England's winning captain, Martin Johnson as the locks in his "team of the tournament".
2004.
At the start of the 2004 season, Williams failed to impress new All Black's coach Graham Henry. Struggling to recover from the foot injury sustained just before the World Cup, he was below his best in the Super 12. Also, Henry was looking for locks who could perform well in the tight forward role, whereas the athletic and mobile Williams was viewed as a forward who was happier operating in loose play. For the trial match between "Probables" and "Possibles", he was chosen merely as a replacement for the "Possibles", and he was left out of the squad to face England, and the Pacific Islanders, and missed the next five Tests, including the opening match of the 2004 Tri Nations against . He was called into the squad before the Pacific Islands match, as cover for the injured Keith Robinson, but was not used, and he was left out of the squad for the Tri Nations. When Robinson had to withdraw from the opening game, it was Simon Maling, not Williams, who was called up to replace him. Williams was recalled to the squad for the next game, against , in which he came on as a substitute, and started in the return fixture against Australia, a game which the All Blacks lost and in which Williams was sin-binned after New Zealand were adjudged to have infringed repeatedly. After an indifferent performance against Australia—according to coach Graham Henry, "we thought Ali Williams had an opportunity on Saturday and didn’t take it"—Williams was dropped from the squad for New Zealand's last game in the 2004 Tri Nations, against South Africa, who won comprehensively, out-scoring the All Blacks by five tries to two.
Williams's selection for the All Black's end-of-year tour to Europe was helped by the unavailability of Keith Robinson, and Simon Maling, who was about to take up a contract in Japan, but he only started in the second Test, against Wales, coming on as a replacement in the other two Tests, against Italy and France. He also started in the end-of-tour match against the Barbarians.
2005.
Despite a lack of game time during the 2005 Super 12 season—he was suspended for six weeks after being found guilty of trampling on fellow All Black Richie McCaw during the game between the Blues and Crusaders—Williams was chosen to start in the opening Test of the All Blacks season, a 91–0 rout of , during which he scored his second international try. His third came two weeks later, in the first Test against the touring British and Irish Lions, a game in which he dominated the line-out, winning the ball several times on the opposition's throw, most effectively in the 24th minute, when, having caught the ball on a Lions' defensive line-out, he spotted a gap in the opposing line, darted through it and, shaking off an attempted tackle by the Lions half-back, Dwayne Peel, drove over the goal-line for the All Blacks' first try of the match. He started in all three Tests against the Lions, and scored his fourth international try in the final Test, when Dwayne Peel fumbled a grubber kick from Luke McAlister, and Williams pounced on the loose ball in the in-goal area. He started in all four of New Zealand's matches in the 2005 Tri Nations Series and came close to scoring another try in the last game, against Australia, on his home ground, Eden Park, but, after winning the ball at an Australian line-out and making a 20-metre break, his attempted grubber kick was wayward. He did, however, create the second of wing Doug Howlett's three tries in the game when, from within the Australian 22, in front of the posts, he executed a fine cross-field kick that Howlett caught on the far right of Australia's in-goal area for an easy touch-down. In 2009 Williams released his biography "Ali: Tall Book of Tales",It was during this time in which he spoke of an incident involving Clint Brown then TV anchor for 3 News who was stripped naked by Williams and members of the All Black team and had his eyebrows shaved off after becoming heavily intoxicated on a flight from South Africa to Australia.
After such a successful season, Williams was an automatic choice for the year-end "Grand Slam" tour of the British Isles. Still nursing a shoulder strain that he sustained during a game of backyard rugby, he was rested for the first game, against Wales, but returned for the game against Ireland a week later, in a starting line-up that included none of those who had started against Wales. He started against England at Twickenham, a game that lived up to expectations as the toughest of the tour, but was omitted from the squad for the final game of the tour, against Scotland, after coach Graham Henry opted to make 13 changes from the team that had faced England.
2006.
At the start of the 2006 season, the All Blacks faced an awkward schedule, with two home Tests against Ireland to be followed, a week later, by a Test against in Buenos Aires. Williams was selected in the squad to face Ireland, but suffered a syndesmosis injury—commonly referred to as a high ankle strain—during a training session. Chris Jack, who had originally been included in the starting line-up for the Argentina game, was brought in to replace him, and Williams took Jack's place for the game in Buenos Aires. Williams was named on the bench for the first match in the 2006 Tri Nations Series, against Australia in Christchurch; he replaced Jason Eaton with 20 minutes remaining and came close to creating a try when he leapt high to retrieve a cross-field kick from Dan Carter, tapping it back to wing Rico Gear, who was unable to hold on to the ball. He started in the next two matches, against South Africa in Wellington and Australia in Brisbane, being replaced late in the latter game by Eaton, who replaced him in the starting line-up for the return match against Australia in Auckland. Williams again came off the bench with less than an hour gone, and then played the full 80 minutes in the All Blacks' remaining two fixtures, both against South Africa away from home.
Williams did not feature in the first game of the All Blacks' year-end tour to Europe, but was one of ten changes to the starting line-up for the second game, against France in Lyon and he started in all three remaining matches, two against France and one against Wales in Cardiff. He was replaced by James Ryan after an hour of the last game, but not before he had demonstrated yet another aspect of his versatility, when he fielded the ball in his own 22 and, with a spiralling kick, cleared it into touch on Wales' 10-metre line, setting up a line-out from which the All Blacks came away with the ball to score their third try of the game.
Retirement from international rugby.
On the 24th of May 2013, Williams announced that he has retired from international rugby to focus on playing for the Blues.
Problems at the Blues.
In 2007, Williams was one of the 22 players withdrawn from the first half of the Super 14 season to attend a "conditioning camp", as part of the All Blacks' World Cup preparations. Although he became available for the Blues in week 8 of the tournament, he was left out of the squad that week, was on the bench in week 9, and did not make his first start of the season until week 10, when the Blues played the Cheetahs. A week later he was back on the bench for the Blues game against the Sharks . A few weeks later, "for disciplinary reasons", Williams was left out of the squad to face the Sharks in Durban in a S14 semi-final match—which the Blues lost—and returned home to Auckland. Blues chief executive Andy Dalton told the press that management and senior players had made a joint decision to eject Williams from the team camp over incidents which occurred during the team's stay in Perth, Australia, where they had played the Western Force. "On several occasions (Williams's) behaviour has been deemed inappropriate within team conduct and protocol and on at least four occasions Williams has been addressed by either coach David Nucifora and manager Ant Strachan or the leadership group on behalf of the team", Dalton said. In response, Williams said that he took ""a bit of responsibility"" for his actions but that ""it takes two to tango"".
The disciplinary issue was later linked to a dispute between Williams and his coach about his lack of game time in the Super 14 and it was reported that Williams was one of three players who were demanding a release from their contracts if coach Nucifora was re-appointed for 2008 (as he later was). The report was denied by Auckland management and in any case Williams' contract with the Blues was due to terminate at the end of 2007.
2013.
With the temporary absence of Blues Captain Keven Mealamu, Williams was appointed captain of the Blues for 2013.
In July 2013 was announced that Ali Williams signed a one year contract with the European champion Toulon 
Move to Tasman.
In August 2007, Ali Williams announced that he had signed a new contract with the NZRU that would keep him in New Zealand until the end of 2009 and that he was signing for the Tasman Makos for 2008, so as to be eligible for selection for the Crusaders in the 2008 Super 14 season. Salary cap restrictions prevented a move to Canterbury, but his contract with Tasman has an option that would allow him to be loaned to Canterbury for the 2008 ANZ Cup. Williams was duly included in the Crusaders squad when New Zealand's 2008 Super 14 teams were announced, in October 2007.
2007 Internationals and World Cup.
Williams's troubles with the Blues had no impact on his international career, as he was included in the New Zealand squad for the two-Test series against in June 2007. He started both Tests, but suffered a serious injury in the second Test, on 9 June, when he fractured his jaw while tackling French number eight Sébastien Chabal. As a result, he missed the whole of the 2007 Tri Nations Series. But despite having his jaw wired and being forced to subsist on soup for several weeks, he made a return to rugby for his club side, Ponsonby, at the end of July, scoring two tries, and started for Auckland in their Air New Zealand Cup match against Bay of Plenty on 3 August, scoring a try in the fourth minute of the game. Coincidentally, this was the first time that Williams and his younger brother, Jay, had played together as locks in first-class rugby.
Following his return from injury, Williams was an automatic selection for the 2007 Rugby World Cup, especially as two other locks, James Ryan and Jason Eaton were unavailable owing to long-term injuries and Keith Robinson had suffered a calf strain during the Tri Nations and was a doubtful starter, at least for the first pool game. Robinson suffered a recurrence of his calf strain during pre-tournament training, which left Williams and Chris Jack to share the locking duties during the early games. Williams started in New Zealand's first three games, against , and Scotland. He was replaced for the last 10 minutes of the Italy game, his place being taken by number eight Rodney So'oialo. So'oialo again replaced him for the last 25 minutes of the game against Portugal, but not before he had scored his fifth international try. He scored again in the game against Scotland, which he started alongside Reuben Thorne, being replaced for the last 15 minutes by Chris Jack. Robinson was fit again for New Zealand's final pool game, against , and he and Thorne started as locks, with Jack on the bench; Williams was rested for this game.
The Scotland game was an emotional occasional for Williams. It was the first time that his father had left New Zealand since a bad fall ten years earlier had left him a tetraplegic, using a wheelchair, and he and Williams's mother were seated alongside the pitch, while Williams's grandmother and other Scottish relatives watched from the stands.
Family background.
Rodney Williams, Ali's father, was born in Kent, then moved and played rugby for Blackheath. His mother, Helen, was born in Carlisle, but her mother, Doreen, comes from Galashiels, Scotland. Rodney and Helen emigrated to New Zealand after they married, and Williams was born there. By birth, he was qualified to play for New Zealand; through his father, he was eligible to play for England; and through his maternal grandmother he was eligible to play for Scotland. Through his mother, he is related to Donald Fairgrieve, former president of Gala RFC in the Scottish Borders, and also to former Scottish scrum-half Arthur Dorward (a cousin of his maternal grandfather), who played 15 Tests between 1950 and 1957. His younger brother, Jay, is also a rugby footballer, who plays at lock for Auckland. Together with former Blues and All Blacks team-mate Doug Howlett, Williams is an official patron of the KidsCan Charitable Trust, a national charity dedicated to the welfare of financially disadvantaged New Zealand children.
Williams became a father in April 2013, his wife giving birth to a baby girl.

</doc>
<doc id="5904402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904402" title="Moffat toffee">
Moffat toffee

Moffat toffee is not a traditional toffee but a boiled sweet made in the Scottish town of Moffat.
The confection is notable for its tangy but sweet centre which gives the sweet its unusual flavour.
The Moffat Toffee old family recipe is thought to have been used for the first time commercially by present owner Blair Blacklock’s great-grandmother, Janet Cook Johnstone, around the late 19th century. The toffee was made by hand in batches of about 7 lbs (3 kilos) at the time. It was sold mainly in uncut flat rounds of varying sizes. It is still made in Moffat and over 300 kilos are made of the sweet every week.
Moffat Toffee can be found in many sweet shops, garden centres and other retail outlets in Scotland including the Moffat Toffee Shop.

</doc>
<doc id="5904405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904405" title="Westmeath Topic">
Westmeath Topic

The Westmeath Topic is a weekly newspaper founded in Mullingar, Ireland in 1971. What began as a small A4-size magazine under the name "TOPIC", the newspaper has gone from strength to strength, becoming one of the largest circulating newspapers in the Irish midlands. Along with less than a dozen newspapers on the island of Ireland, it is still printed, published and owned locally. Of the fifty plus newspapers in the province of Leinster, it is the only one which is locally printed, published and owned.

</doc>
<doc id="5904407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904407" title="Numana">
Numana

Numana is a coastal town and "comune" of the province of Ancona in the Marche region of Italy.
Mythology.
Numana was anciently known with the name of Humana. The legend tells that the mythological founder of the city was this Picenis Queen, a giant figure of a woman with half of the body in the shape of a snake and with wide wings on her back. The Queen threw fire balls on the seaside burning down a wood and on those cinders raised up the city of Humana (meaning human in Latin).
History.
Most scholars see Numana as having been founded by people of Sabine origin, but Pliny the Elder attributed its foundation to the Siculi, but whatever its origin, it was an important commercial centre in the 6th and 5th centuries BC. In about 500 BC, the expansion of Roman power and the later foundation and growth of Ancona led to a decadence of Numana. However, it maintained a certain importance, becoming in the 5th or 6th century an episcopal see.
In the Middle Ages the town is referred to under the name Humana Umana in modern Italian spelling and under that name appears in a number of treaties, alliances and other documents. In 1404 it came under the control of Ancona and in 1432 the diocese was united to that of Ancona. In 1553 the bishops of Ancona became also civil rulers of Humana and assumed the title of Conti di Umana. In the 19th and 20th centuries the town resumed its ancient name of Numana.
Geography.
Numana is a central Adriatic coastal town, which lies at the southern foot of Monte Conero. 91.8% of the area falls within the Conero Regional Park.
The old town is often called "Numana alta" as it is on top of a cliff overlooking the sea and can be described almost in continuity with the settlement of Sirolo, while "Numana bassa" includes the area around the port. The beach of "Numana alta" comprises two bays formed close to the cliff: the Spiaggiola Beach and the friars and the beach of "Numana bassa" extending to the south of the port village of Marcelli. The inner part of the territory is mainly hilly and at the mouth of the Musone River, a wet area of significant natural and environmental value.
Frazioni.
Marcelli, founded by the family of the same name, developed a tourist resort. Located from the town of Numana, Marcelli was built on a swamp that was reclaimed by the lords of Numana and extends to the Musone River, the southern boundary of the municipality. There are the main seaside resorts of the Riviera del Conero, campsites and holiday clubs.
Svarchi, located west of the border with the comune of Sirolo. The town lies on a hill.
Taunus, a tourist resort, is situated between Svarchi and Marcelli, and hosts a holiday village and is a residential area of the comune of Numana.

</doc>
<doc id="5904408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904408" title="Tenney">
Tenney

Tenney may refer to:
In the United States:
In Antarctica:

</doc>
<doc id="5904417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904417" title="Index of psychometric articles">
Index of psychometric articles

Articles related to psychometrics (measuring intelligence and cognitive traits) include:

</doc>
<doc id="5904432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904432" title="Florians">
Florians

The Florians, in Latin Floriacenses, were an altogether independent order during the feudal era, and not, as some consider, a branch of the Cistercians.
History.
The Order of Flora was founded in 1189 by the Abbot Joachim of Flora, by whom its constitutions were drawn up. Besides preserving a number of Cistercian observances, the founder added to the austerities of Cîteaux. The Florians went barefoot; their habits were white and very coarse. Their Breviary differed in the distribution of Offices from that of Cîteaux. The constitutions were approved by Pope Celestine III in 1196.
The order spread rapidly, soon numbering as many as thirty-five monasteries, but it seems not to have extended beyond Italy. In 1470 the regular abbots were replaced by commendatory abbots, but the abuses of this regime hastened the decline of the order.
In 1505 the Abbey of Flora and its affiliated monasteries were united to the Order of Cîteaux. In 1515 other Florian monasteries united themselves to the Grande Chartreuse (Carthusians) or to the Dominicans, and in 1570, after a century under the regime of commendatory abbots, not a single independent monastery remained, and the Order of Flora had ceased to exist.
Under the Abbot of Flora were also four monasteries of religious women, who followed the Florian rule.

</doc>
<doc id="5904444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904444" title="Joris Van Hout">
Joris Van Hout

Joris Van Hout (born 10 January 1977 in Mol) is a Belgian footballer.
Forward Van Hout has parted with Bundesliga outfit VfL Bochum 1848 by mutual consent to sign a four-year contract with KVC Westerlo in his native Belgium. The 30-year-old made 39 appearances for Bochum in two seasons, with all his six league goals coming in their 2005–06 promotion-winning campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="5904454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904454" title="Tennille">
Tennille

Tennille can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904456" title="Shinmin no Michi">
Shinmin no Michi

The was an ideological manifesto issued by the Ministry of Education of Japan during World War II aimed at Japan’s domestic audience to explain in clear terms what was expected of them "as a people, nation and race".
Origins.
During the summer of 1941, Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe, ordered the Minister of Education of Japan to compose a "Bible of the Japanese People", under the title of "Shinmin no Michi", which was also sometimes called "Hito-do" (Subject's Way), or "Shinja-do" (The Path of the Follower). The first edition of 30,000 was issued in August 1941 and distributed to all schools in Japan.
The "Shinmin no Michi" offered three chapters which required only a few minutes of reading, explaining how subjects to the Emperor were to behave. It also presented a brief overview of world history from the Japanese viewpoint in the first third of the first chapter.
Themes.
One of the main theme of the book dwelled on the direct descent of Emperor Shōwa from goddess Amaterasu and the religious characterization of the Kokutai which was identified as a "theocracy" in which "The way of subjects of the Emperor issues from polity of the Emperor, and is to guard and maintain the Imperial Throne coexistent with the Heavens and the Earth." Emperor Shōwa and his war ("seisen") were described as "holy". The virtues he embodied were unique and immutable.
"The Imperial Family is the fountain source of Japanese nation, and national and private life issue from this. The way of the subject is to be loyal to the Emperor in disregard of self, thereby supporting the Imperial Throne coexistensive with the Heavens and the Earth." 
Filial piety and loyalty were the supreme virtues of the subjects of the imperial state and the book denounced the "individualism", liberalism, utilitarianism and materialism that imperiled those virtues. 
"the country was contaminated by perverted thinking and our sacred duty is to clean this and to return to the virtuous customs of our ancestors. It is by working with harmony and cooperation and making manifest our national dignity that the Heavenly Spirits of our Ancestors should be obeyed in a dutiful manner, which, by working in harmony with others, is for the greater glory of the Throne".
The "Shinmin no Michi" also argued that the Allied powers had bent on world domination for centuries, and had been quite successful as evidenced by the fact that only a few thousand Europeans now ruled over 450 million Asians. The western values system, based on greed and self-indulgence, was seen as to blame for countless bloody wars of aggression, and for the current world economic crisis. America was singled out for special criticism, with mention made of black slavery and the mistreatment of minorities and immigrants.
Regarding the "holy" war in China:
"Viewed from the standpoint of world history, the China Affair is a step toward the construction of a world of moral principles by Japan. The building up of a new order for securing lasting peace of the world will be attained by the disposal of the China Affair as a stepping stone." (...) The China Affair is a bold task for Japan to propagate the ideals of the Empire founding throughout East Asia and the world over (...) Japan is the fountain source of the Yamato race, Manchukuo its reservoir, and East Asia is its paddy field." 
The United States and Great Britain were accused in the "Shinmin no Michi" of impeding the establishment of a state of general peace between Japan and China.
The other sections refer to correct social and moral customs, some racial and eugenic ideas, theology and religion, martial doctrines and other aspects of local customs.
Way of the Family.
The "Shinmin no Michi" was supplemented in 1942 by the "Ie no Michi" (or formally, the "Senji Katei Kyuiku Shido Yoko"), which elaborated on sections of the "Kokutai no Hongi" pertaining to traditional hierarchical familial relationships. Family harmony is maintained by having each member fulfill his/her proper function in the family structure, and likewise this principle applies also to the community as a whole, as well as to the State.

</doc>
<doc id="5904466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904466" title="International classical guitar competitions">
International classical guitar competitions

Although competitions are not the only way to establish oneself as a talented musician, they can serve various beneficial purposes. Namely, they allow young artists to promote themselves and gain exposure. Furthermore, they increase public awareness of the arts and the Classical Guitar itself. Some competitions also have newly composed "set" pieces which serve to increase the repertoire of the instrument.
Thoughts on competitions.
Modern criticism of guitar competitions is actually quite common. Some criticisms are that they are often judged by unqualified judges, that reward people for being technically proficient without regard to musicality. But concerning the judging of musicality, this is in itself controversial, as the question arises, on how to judge art on any objective level.
Analysis of data at a piano competition, with many high level participants, has made it doubtful that judges are able to make fully objective judgements; because there was a small correlation between the order of appearance of participants and their ranking:
On the other hand, if a competition has many professional-level artistic participants, it may not even be possible to make an objective judgement of who is "best"; because: given numerous professional-level artistic performers, there may not even be room for the concept of comparison; since this presumes the existence of a "best" interpretation, which is itself questionable (and would be a commercialization of art; viewing it from a mass-consumption or absolutist point of view).
Some advanced guitarists have written about their guitar festival and competition experiences.
List of international competitions for classical guitar.
Most classical guitar competitions take place during guitar festivals, and therefore the competition event can be attended by the general public, as audience.

</doc>
<doc id="5904468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904468" title="Walter Padbury">
Walter Padbury

Walter Padbury (22 December 1820 – 18 April 1907) was an Australian pioneer and philanthropist.
Padbury was born at Stonesfield, near Woodstock, in the English county of Oxfordshire. He arrived in Fremantle, Western Australia in the "Protector" with his father on 25 February 1830, but in the following July his father died. The lad was left in the care of a married couple who stole the money his father had left and absconded. Padbury then had to fend for himself. He followed various occupations and when 16 was shepherding near York for £10 a year. Later he saved enough to send for his mother and the rest of his family, took up land, was one of the first settlers to open up the north-west of Australia, and in 1863 was sending stock by sailing ships to Carnarvon.
He retained his interest in the north-west all his life, but he also established a general store business in Perth and other centres. Late in life he founded a successful flour-mill at Guildford. He was much interested in the Royal Agricultural Society of Western Australia and was president in 1874, 1875, 1876 and 1885.
For many years he was a member of the Perth city council, for some time was chairman of the Guildford council (now the Swan), and for five years was an elected member of the Western Australian Legislative Council. He travelled in Europe and the United States of America, and at one time thought of settling in England again, but found the climate did not suit him. He died at Perth on 18 April 1907. His wife, Charlotte, had died in February 1895.
Padbury was a good example of the kind of man who, having no advantages and no one to help him, rises to a leading place in his community. Having got into a good financial position he not only helped his own family, he held out a helping hand to many other men less fortunate than himself. He was a generous contributor to charitable institutions and was particularly interested in orphan children. A sincerely religious man he gave largely to his church, and it was principally due to his munificence that it was found possible to establish the Anglican Diocese of Bunbury. By his will large sums of money were left to various Western Australian charitable institutions. 
Walter Padbury was well known for his charitable works. He sponsored an eye operation for a sandalwood farmer named Edmund Keen Byrne (1833–1904) of Bindoon. Edmund had originally arrived in Perth on the ship "Orient" in 1848 as a "Parkhurst Lad". Walter not only paid for his trip to London in 1878 on his ship the "Charlotte Padbury", but also paid for the operation (necessary because of 'Sandy Blight') and accommodation etc. whilst in London, a period of nearly six months.

</doc>
<doc id="5904508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904508" title="BEC-TERO">
BEC-TERO

BEC-TERO Entertainment Public Co. Ltd. is an entertainment conglomerate in Thailand that organizes and promotes concerts, owns record labels and produces films and television shows. It is a subsidiary of BEC World Public Co. Ltd., which also owns Bangkok Entertainment Co. Ltd., operator of Thai TV Color Channel 3 and used to own TV3 Ghana between years 1997-1999 before sold to Malaysian company, and now owned by Ghanaian company.
BEC World Public Co. Ltd. was formed in 1995 by the Maleenont family to combine all its interests in broadcasting and media. The subsidiary, BEC-TERO, was formed on March 27, 1998.
Sony Music Entertainment (Thailand).
In 2001, BEC-TERO entered into a partnership with Sony Music Entertainment to create a Thai division of the record label. The partnership was terminated in mid 2007, however, the partnership was revived in 2012. Among the artists on Sony Music's roster were Tata Young, one of Thailand's most popular female artists. The company also had the Bakery Music and Black Sheep record labels, which are focused on the indie music scene. In addition, the company also distribute the LOVEis record label.
Thaiticketmajor.
BEC-TERO has its own THAITICKETMASTER brand in Thailand since 1999 to support its concert business, and is the primary retailer of tickets to concerts and other events in Thailand. It has several outlets in Thailand's Central Department Store chain, as well as sales through its website. In 2007, Thaiticketmaster merged with Major Ticketing, owned by Major Cineplex Group, forming Thaiticketmajor. Tickets outlets now include all Major and EGV Cinema ticket outlets, and about 50 branches of post office. In February 2007, Thaiticketmajor adds intercity bus ticketing to their line of services.
Concert promotion.
BEC-TERO is the primary promoter and organizer of pop music concerts by foreign artists in Thailand. Artists brought to Thailand by BEC-TERO include Elton John and 50 Cent. Most of the bigger shows are held at Impact Arena in Mueang Thong Thani, Amphoe Pak Kret.
For a few years, the company hosted smaller events in what was known as BEC-TERO Hall in Suan Lum Night Bazaar in Lumphini, Bangkok. It is used for concerts and other events. Artists who have performed there include Bryan Ferry, The Pretenders and The Black Eyed Peas. The company's lease on the Suan Lum location expired in March 2007, and the hall was renamed Bangkok Hall. The company is looking for another location for its own event hall.
Film Bangkok.
Film Bangkok and Chalermthai Studio are the film-production arms of BEC-TERO. Until 2005, Film Bangkok was run by Adirek Wattaleela, a producer and director who is often enigmatically credited as simply "Uncle". The last film to be produced by the now-shuttered Film Bangkok was "SARS Wars".
List of films produced by Film Bangkok.
Films produced by Film Bangkok include:
BEC-Tero Radio.
BEC-Tero Radio Company Limited operates several stations. They are:

</doc>
<doc id="5904530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904530" title="Rosina Palmer">
Rosina Palmer

Rosina Martha Hozanah Palmer (27 August 1844 – 16 June 1932) was an Australian opera singer.
Palmer was the daughter of Jerome Carandini, Marquis of Sarzano and Marie Carandini and was born in Hobart, Tasmania. As a child she accompanied her mother on a concert tour in the east, and at an early age developed a soprano voice of a wide range. She toured extensively in Australia and New Zealand and married Edward Palmer, a bank official, and settled in Melbourne. There she became a soprano singer, taking the soprano part in the performances of the Philharmonic and other well-known societies. 
After her retirement Palmer was a teacher of singing. She died at the Melbourne suburb of South Yarra on 16 June 1932. Her husband had died some years before, and she was survived by a son and two daughters of her eight children.

</doc>
<doc id="5904533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904533" title="Ecstasy (ATB song)">
Ecstasy (ATB song)

"Ecstasy" was released as the second single from ATB's album "No Silence". It is characterized by its upbeat tone, crisp layering, and memorable intro. Vocals were provided by Tiff Lacey, who is also featured in the song "Marrakech." Ecstasy, one of ATB's more recent hits, is now among his most well known songs. It samples Jocelyn Enriquez's song "A Little Bit of Ecstasy".

</doc>
<doc id="5904534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904534" title="Becky Want">
Becky Want

Rebecca Elizabeth Want (born 13 June 1961) is a radio and television broadcaster, based in Manchester.
Want, originally from Hyde in Cheshire, currently presents the weekday afternoon show on BBC Radio Manchester. She also presents "Becky Want's Retail Therapy", a Saturday morning show broadcast live from various shopping centres in Greater Manchester, such as the Trafford Centre.
After studying drama at university, Want began her career in 1983 at Signal Radio in Stoke-on-Trent, presenting a Sunday afternoon show before joining Piccadilly Radio in Manchester as a weekend overnight presenter, later progressing to co-present the breakfast show. In 1994 she joined Fortune 1458 in Manchester headed by her former boss Colin Walters. She presented the Breakfast Show there for around a year.
Want also joined Granada Television to present a wide range of regional programmes including the nightly regional news magazine "Granada Tonight" (now "Granada Reports") and feature series such as "The Motor Show". She later joined Granada Sky Broadcasting's now-defunct lifestyle channel, Granada Breeze, as a presenter of "Livetime" and "Predictions with Derek Acorah".
She has also presented "Inside Out North West" for BBC North West and "Homesearch" (now "The Homesmine") for Channel M, where she was also a reporter and occasional presenter for the station's regional news service, "Channel M News".

</doc>
<doc id="5904557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904557" title="The Wire (episode)">
The Wire (episode)

"The Wire" is the sixth episode of the first season of the HBO original series, "The Wire", the titular episode of the series. The episode was written by David Simon from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Ed Bianchi. It originally aired on July 7, 2002.
Plot summary.
The street.
The episode opens on the bloody mutilated corpse of Brandon (Omar Little's boyfriend and partner in crime) atop a car. Wallace wakes up nearby in his squatter apartment and goes through his routine of readying several children in his charge for school. The police arrive in the neighborhood and as Poot Carr and Wallace leave the house they recognize Brandon's body. Across town, D'Angelo Barksdale dresses at home while Shardene makes him breakfast. They discuss their blossoming relationship and D'Angelo reveals that he believes that all women come with a cost, particularly his other girl Donette.
Wallace expresses his anguish at seeing Brandon's corpse to D'Angelo. D'Angelo unsympathetically reminds Wallace that he knew what would happen to Brandon, and reminds him that killing is part of "the game" of drug dealing in Baltimore. Stringer tells D'Angelo they are bringing Bodie home following his recent arrests. At a court hearing, Maurice Levy lies to defend Bodie's actions and the judge allows Bodie to go free with the condition of twice-weekly phone calls to a probation officer. Herc and Carver later pick up Bodie, believing him to have absconded from custody a second time and are surprised that he managed to get released with a home supervision order.
Avon, Stringer, and Stinkum visit the low rises and deliver reward money to D'Angelo and Wallace for their part in finding Brandon; Avon also tells D'Angelo that Wee-Bey and Bird killed Brandon. D'Angelo assures Stringer that there are no snitches in his crew. Avon tells D'Angelo that if he keeps working well he will receive "points on the package" soon.
D'Angelo, still withholding payment from the low-rise crew, finds his lookout, a girl named Cassandra, with groceries. She reveals she has been conspiring with Sterling to steal small amounts of drugs and sell them on the side. In order to protect them from punishment, he reassigns them elsewhere and tells nobody, save Wallace. 
With Johnny released from medical care, Bubbles returns to the streets. The pair runs a short con to steal copper pipes, which they sell to a contractor at "30 cents a foot" to make their next drug purchase. Bubbles and Johnny then plan to steal the same copper pipes back from site the contractor is working on. When Johnny goes out to buy more drugs, he is arrested. Bubbles remarks upon Johnny's bad luck.
The police.
Detective Jimmy McNulty meets with Major William Rawls and Sergeant Jay Landsman. Rawls tells McNulty he expects him to finish up the detail and be back in the homicide division in a week's time, which McNulty has no intention of doing. Rawls goes through the ballistics link to the old cases McNulty and Bunk had been investigating. Pressured by Rawls, Landsman orders Bunk to charge the cases. McNulty, Greggs and Freamon meet with Bunk to discuss the impact on the Barksdale investigation. They expect issuing charges will prompt Avon Barksdale to change his operations structure and negate all their work. Rawls refuses to shift his position even when Daniels asks him to do it as a favor, but Daniels convinces Deputy Commissioner Burrell to overrule Rawls. Rawls responds by asking Detective Santangelo to keep him informed of anything that McNulty does that might be used against him. 
In the detail office, Lester Freamon notes the high level of pager activity the previous night. The new wire taps on the project pay phones legally require officers to monitor them; Thomas "Herc" Hauk is dismayed that this will mean long hours of surveillance work. Freamon is angry at his co-workers' laziness and asks what they expected when they joined the detail. After Stinkum chastises Bodie for using his name on the phone, Freamon explains to Prez that the call should be marked "pertinent" because it is evidence of conspiracy, even without providing hard evidence of drugs. Polk stumbles in, drunk at 9AM, and Daniels berates him for his poor performance, ordering him to either get to work or check into medical for alcohol abuse. To Daniels' dismay, Polk chooses the latter.
Detectives Vernon Holley and Ed Norris are working Brandon's murder. McNulty discusses the potential link to the Barksdale organization. The detectives complain about waiting for the crime lab because both available units are investigating the theft of patio furniture from a politically influential city council president. McNulty gets a call from Omar while minding his sons - he is forced to bring them along to the station with Omar. The two play with a soccer ball and a handheld video game while McNulty takes Omar downstairs to see Brandon's body. On seeing his lover's body, Omar screams, which the boys hear. Omar comes with Greggs and McNulty to the detail. Greggs points out that Brandon was tortured before his death. Freamon fits the pattern of pager activity to Omar's description of Brandon's movements. McNulty is angry that they were unable to use the information, complaining that they are continually one step behind. Freamon and McNulty interview the arcade owner and Freamon matches the nearby pay phone to the one used the night before. Greggs continues to interview Omar and he offers to act as a witness in the Gant murder case. The episode ends with the police photographs of Brandon's mutilated corpse on Daniels' desk.
Production.
Title reference.
The title repeats the show's own title, indicating that the series has truly begun, and refers to the wiretap devices used to monitor phone calls made by the Barksdale organization.
Epigraph.
Freamon uses this phrase to describe the importance of the individual calls recorded by their wiretap device to Prez. Simon has also described it as referring to the need for the viewer to concentrate on all aspects of the show to follow the plot. Additionally, this can be connected to the continuing theme of the chess board used throughout the show, signifying that even the most insignificant people can change everything.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, Deirdre Lovejoy does not appear in this episode.
Music.
This episode is one of the few in which the soundtrack features non-diegetic music. In a slow motion sequence (also a rarity) featuring Avon, Stringer and Stinkum in the low-rises, a piece called "Wax Box Music" by Lorem Ipsum from the Cytoplastik collective is played. Usually only season finales feature music not emanating from an on-screen source.
The selection playing during the final scene, where Daniels advises McNulty that he has managed to buy them some time, is 'Fleurette Africaine' performed by Duke Ellington, Charles Mingus and Max Roach, which appears on their album "Money Jungle" recorded in 1962.
First appearances.
This episode marks the first appearance of homicide Detectives Ed Norris and Vernon Holley, seen investigating the death of Brandon. Ed Norris is played by former Baltimore Police Commissioner Ed Norris; the character's personality is based on the real Norris, but his history is entirely different from his portrayor's. According to , there was actually an African-American detective in the Baltimore Police Department homicide division named Vernon Holley.
Also seen for the first time is Sean McNulty, the oldest son of Jimmy and Elena McNulty.

</doc>
<doc id="5904558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904558" title="Malkaridae">
Malkaridae

Malkaridae is a small spider family with ten species in four genera. 
Distribution.
Three genera occur in Australia, "Chilenodes" in Chile and Argentina.
Species.
"Carathea" Moran, 1986
"Chilenodes" Platnick & Forster, 1987
"Malkara" Davies, 1980
"Perissopmeros" Butler, 1932

</doc>
<doc id="5904586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904586" title="Waldorf Salad (Fawlty Towers)">
Waldorf Salad (Fawlty Towers)

"Waldorf Salad" is the third episode of the second series of the BBC sitcom "Fawlty Towers". Directed by Bob Spiers, it first aired on 5 March 1979.
Plot.
Dinner time is exceptionally busy, and several guests are dissatisfied with the quality of the service and the food. One guest, Mr. Johnston, and his wife complain that her starter prawns are "off", and they wish it to be deducted from their bill, even though she has already eaten half of them. Another couple, the Arrads, have been waiting nearly half an hour for their main course. When Basil checks on them, however, they do not even mention it. Meanwhile, Sybil lazily talks to one of the guests (who himself appears not to be enjoying her conversation), leaving everyone else to cope. Just as Basil is about to serve the Johnstons their lamb, an elegant Englishwoman, Mrs. Hamilton, then arrives to check in, forcing Johnston to collect the lamb himself. A loud and short-tempered American man follows Mrs. Hamilton in, complaining about the weather and the journey from London, including the size of his hired car and having to drive on "the wrong side of the road" (and sarcastically referring to the M5 as a "little backstreet"). The patriotic Basil is irate and makes derogatory comments about the man to Mrs. Hamilton prompting her to introduce him as her husband, Harry, forcing Basil into cringeworthy backtracking. Mr. Hamilton demands a proper meal, even though the kitchen is closed, and also insists on freshening up first. Mr. Hamilton bribes Basil with £20 to keep the chef on so the kitchen will stay open.
Basil pockets the money and offers a lesser amount to Terry to stay. Terry claims to have a karate lesson, but eventually agrees to stay. However, Polly inadvertently reveals that his appointment was a night-out with her, Manuel and his Finnish girlfriend. Outraged, Basil reclaims the money and sends him off, planning to cook himself. After arriving, the Hamiltons both order screwdrivers, a drink Basil has never heard of. Harry then confuses him by asking for a Waldorf salad, even though it is not on the menu, followed by two rare steaks. Hamilton is annoyed when Basil does not know what it is and must correct Basil when he asks for the ingredients (which are celery, apples, walnuts, and grapes, topped with mayonnaise), after saying that the hotel is "out of Waldorfs", but demands it all the same. Unable to find the ingredients, he panics, even after Sybil assures him she will help. Upon learning the namesake of the salad (the Waldorf Hotel in New York), Basil tries unsuccessfully to persuade Mr. Hamilton to order a "Ritz salad", an unappetising combination of ingredients that he knows "are" in the kitchen: namely apples, grapefruit and potatoes in mayonnaise. When Basil offers an overblown excuse as to why the salad cannot be made, Hamilton becomes even more annoyed and encourages Basil to bust Terry's chops, while changing his order to a green salad. However, Sybil has already prepared the Waldorf salad and presents it to him. While the Hamiltons are enjoying their salads, Basil is pretending to give Terry a tongue lashing in the kitchen. Upon discovering the Waldorf salad has been served to Mr. Hamilton, an angry Basil takes the salad and pretends to demand an explanation from Terry, and sustains a punch in the face from Sybil when he refuses to give it back. She then orders Basil to get the Hamiltons their wine.
The Hamiltons finish their starters and seem satisfied. Basil, however, is unable to leave things alone and irritates them by reading a letter supposedly from Terry, placing the blame for all the mess-ups on him. Unfortunately, the unattended steaks begin to burn, prompting him to return to the kitchen and pretend to yell at Terry again. However, Hamilton follows him in to berate Terry himself and discovers Basil yelling at empty space. Enraged, Mr. Hamilton announces that they are leaving and confronts Basil in the . In front of the other guests, Hamilton belittles Basil for his lack of professionalism—calling him "the British Tourist Board's answer to Donald Duck"—and brands the hotel a disgrace. Basil challenges Hamilton by asking Major Gowen, Miss Tibbs and Miss Gatsby if they are satisfied, and some others who are unwilling to complain, and all claim to be satisfied. As Basil is returning Hamilton's insults with his own, Mr. Johnston comes forward and complains about how he was neglected and his wife's prawns were off. The other guests then join in with their complaints. Hamilton laughs triumphantly and peanuts his tie. Basil finally snaps and yells at the guests, comparing them to Nazis and then ordering them to leave. When Basil tells Sybil that either he or the guests must go, Sybil challenges him and seeing the look in her eye, Basil gets scared and decides that he will leave. Discovering that it is raining and realizing he has nowhere to go, he returns to the hotel to ask for a room and, remembering Sybil's laziness at the beginning, demands breakfast in bed complete with a Waldorf salad and "lashings of hot screwdriver".
Cast.
With:
Reception.
The episode has been described as being "massively popular" and a great success commercially internationally in the 1980s and 1990s. Along with "The Germans", it is generally considered one of the most popular episodes. Its source of amusement derives from the cultural differences between the Americans and the British and the perceived differences in manners. The American is very rude in expecting food which is not on the menu and complaining about the service in contrast to the English guests who are very guarded when it comes to complaining. The book "Great, Grand & Famous Hotels" remarked that "Fawlty Towers is real to everybody who has ever worked in a hotel, anybody who has ever stayed in one, or anyone who has ever tried, unsuccessfully, to order a Waldorf salad."
German subtitles.
Like all the episodes released on DVD, French, German, and Dutch subtitles are included. However, the German subtitles include a recurring error whereby the orange juice that Basil serves the American couple (as part of the Screwdriver cocktail) is referred to as Irish Cream. The Screwdriver itself is also referred to erroneously as being composed of Irish cream & Tequila.

</doc>
<doc id="5904614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904614" title="We Know Our Onions">
We Know Our Onions

We know our Onions is the fourth episode of the sixth series of the British comedy series "Dad's Army" that was originally transmitted on 21 November 1973.
Synopsis.
The platoon take part in a Home Guard efficiency test. If the men pass with flying colours, they will be graded a 12-star platoon. Travelling with their Smith Gun in the back of Jones' van, they notice a huge mass of onions - Walker's order for Hodges - and decide to use them as a novel form of ammunition.
Plot.
The platoon are examining their new Smith Gun, which they have to take on a Home Guard proficiency test for a weekend. Wilson is told off by Mainwaring when he complains 'do we have to drag that gun about, what an awful fag'. Godfrey and his sisters have made an inappropriate cover for the gun out of a flowery old sofa cover.
They are going to the test in Jones's van, but Walker has been using it to fulfil a Black Market order for Hodges, the greengrocer, and has half a ton of onions. These cause the platoon (especially Pike) some discomfort on the journey, and Hodges is so incensed about the non-delivery of the onions that he follows them.
Prior to the test, Wilson shares some information from a previous participant, that the test officer fires lots of questions at you, then leaves the room, then someone comes in in disguise and plants a bomb. Jones shows them his rumal, a thuggee scarf used to throttle a victim from behind.
Once on the test, which is run by a fierce officer called Captain Ramsay (played by Fulton Mackay), the platoon are informed that their target for the weekend should be to become a twelve star platoon, and stars will be awarded for their success through the weekend.
He asks them lots of questions, sneers at Pike for crying (it is the onions). He attempts a role play where he is a Gestapo officer and Wilson is a captured agent, but Wilson is so languid and diffident that he doesn't do very well. When pretending to be a Gestapo officer with Jones, Jones attempts to throttle him from behind with his scarf and makes a complete fool of himself.
Mainwaring is asked by Ramsay which of his platoon he would throw out of a sinking balloon, and he says Godfrey, but Wilson ruins this exercise by saying that they could wait until it gently hits the ground and Godfrey could step out.
Ramsay gives up, goes out and sends in the tea lady. The platoon attack her, knocking over her trolley and attempting to pull off her wig. Told to get rid of the urn, Pike throws it through the (closed) window, where it hits Hodges and the Verger, and empties all over the Verger. Hodges and the Verger constantly pester the platoon during the day to try to get Hodges's onions from Jones's van.
The next exercise is to get one man over a tall electric fence in half an hour just by using the equipment provided, wood, oildrums etc. Jones inevitably volunteers to be the man over the fence, and tries to get Walker to catapult him over the fence, but in doing so they break the only decent long length of wood, thus dooming all attempts to failure. After half an hour the platoon still have not done it, so they plead for more time. They try until midnight, with no success. Ramsay is not impressed the next morning, but awards them one star for persistence.
The next exercise is using the Smith Gun (an artillery piece unique to the Home Guard ) to repel an assault by some regular troops. To obtain ammunition for the gun, the platoon have to get over the same sort of fence that defeated them day before. Meanwhile Hodges and the Verger have finally got the key to Jones's van from Walker, and they rush off to transfer the onions to Hodges's van. Suddenly the platoon realise that the onions could be fired by the Smith Gun. They rush to Hodges's van, and Mainwaring demands some onions "in the name of the King". They rush back to the Smith Gun, load and fire the onions at the advancing troops, who retreat in confusion. The platoon are jubilant. Ramsay returns, and congratulates Mainwaring, "I take my hat off to you", saying he has never seen such initiative displayed by a Home Guard unit, and awards Mainwaring's platoon twelve stars outright. Then they all rush to retrieve the fallen onions.
Cultural references.
The centre of this plot is based around the scarcity of onions in 1942. This fictional story echoes a real incident in which an enthusiastic Home Guard unit involved in an exercise repelled "the enemy" by discharging small green apples from a Northover Projector.
This episode was almost entirely shot on location using 16mm film due to a studio technicians' strike.

</doc>
<doc id="5904616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904616" title="Stronach">
Stronach

Stronach is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5904617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904617" title="Stringtown">
Stringtown

Stringtown can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="5904620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904620" title="Old Cases">
Old Cases

"Old Cases" is the fourth episode of the first season of the HBO original series, "The Wire". The episode was written by David Simon from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Clement Virgo. It originally aired on June 23, 2002.
Plot summary.
The Police.
Kima Greggs and McNulty attend a court hearing for Marvin Browning, a Barksdale dealer arrested for a hand-to-hand deal. Hoping he will give them information, they push ASA Dawkins to pursue the maximum sentence of 5 years due to his prior arrests, even though Browning had only been caught selling 1 gel cap of heroin and 1 vial of cocaine. He nonetheless summarily refuses their offer of a deal. Polk visits Mahon in the hospital, where he learns that Mahon will be getting an early retirement and an increase in his pension due to his injury. Mahon tells Polk that he could emulate him and deliberately injure himself, which Polk mulls. 
Herc and Carver drive out to the "Boy's Village" in Prince George's County, planning to interrogate Bodie Broadus, only to find that he has escaped from the low-security facility. They raid Bodie's home, but find only his grandmother. Embarrassed by the rude intrusion, Herc apologizes respectfully to Bodie's grandmother and leaves his card.
Bunk Moreland and McNulty review old homicide cases and try to match them to the Barksdale organization. Their sergeant, Jay Landsman, insists they review the case of Deirdre Kresson, a college girl murdered far from the west side, with a "Dee" listed as a possible suspect. Landsman points out that the Homicide Unit is under-staffed while McNulty is on the Barksdale detail, and McNulty reluctantly agrees to investigate the months-old murder despite not believing there is any connection. 
McNulty and Bunk visit the Kresson crime scene, where they communicate using only variations of the word "fuck." McNulty snags his finger in a metal tape measure and Bunk uses a squeaky marker pen. They are able to accurately recreate the events of the murder and find the shell casings and bullet that previous detectives missed. Landsman visits Major William Rawls and — while he concedes that McNulty is "addicted to himself" and believes that he is "the smartest person in the room" — defends him asserting that these very qualities make him a good detective. Relenting, Rawls offers a deal: if McNulty wraps up the detail in two weeks, he can return to normal duty.
Greggs and Bubbles discuss the recent hit on the Barksdale stash. Bubbles is disappointed she has never heard of Omar Little or his brother No-Heart Anthony. She realizes that she is late for a class and calls in for a replacement. McNulty picks up Bubbles (and proves to Greggs that widespread knowledge of No-Heart Anthony isn't a figment of Bubble's imagination); an irritated Greggs responds with "fuck y'all" and then drives to her class, while McNulty realises he is late for his sons' soccer practice and drives there with Bubbles. McNulty discusses sharing parental custody with estranged wife Elena, but the conversation devolves into profanity. Greggs studies at home, until Cheryl chastises her for getting marker on the sofa. The two play around and Cheryl insists that Greggs work at the table. Greggs notices Cheryl's cell phone bill and realizes that the Barksdale dealers use pagers rather than cell phones because cell phones maintain a record of all incoming and outgoing calls.
Judge Phelan is disappointed when Deputy Commissioner Ervin Burrell tells him they have nothing on the Barksdale organization's leaders. At the detail office, Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski does wordsearch puzzles and mans the phones, when Phelan calls McNulty to tell of his meeting with Burrell. Daniels meets with Burrell and tells him that he can take the case wherever Burrell wants, raising the possibility of a wire to make the case, suggested by McNulty, as the only way to get at the higher-ups.
At the detail office, Greggs brings up pager cloning, and they discuss the requirements for a surveillance affidavit, including the need to demonstrate "exhaustion" by showing that no other method will work. Daniels points out that they need to have a number to bug, and Freamon surprises everybody by revealing that the number he found in the stash house (in "The Buys") belongs to D'Angelo Barksdale. Realizing that Freamon is "natural police" (as confirmed by Bunk), McNulty buys him a drink. Freamon tells how he was thrown out of homicide and moved to the pawn shop unit for defying orders from his Major. Specifically, Freamon investigated a homicide case involving the robbery and murder of an old woman. Freamon had identified the suspects (two squirrels) as well as a third person who had all the stashed stolen goods (the fence). Freamon was told by his Major not to include the fence in the case as he was the son of a prominent newspaper editor with connections to the acting Commissioner. Freamon defiantly persevered, using the third person in the case, precipitating his transfer to an area he dreaded — the pawnshop department. Freamon warns that McNulty is likely on a similar path, and that if a commanding officer ever asks "where do you not want to wind up?" in a concerned tone, to be wary and not answer honestly. That night, McNulty shows up at Greggs's apartment drunk. She confirms that their visual surveillance was unable to follow targets into the project towers as planned, fully proving "exhaustion", and he thanks her for her good work. Back with Cheryl, Greggs explains that McNulty is lonely, and they begin to make love.
The Street.
Omar, Brandon, and Bailey enjoy the proceeds from the Barksdale stashhouse robbery. Brandon apologizes for using Omar's name during the raid, and Omar reassures him, pointing out that he was already well known in Baltimore anyway. His worry is that the Barksdale crew would retaliate upon Brandon — now revealed to be Omar's lover. An addict approaches Omar with her infant son and respectfully asks for a free fix, which he gives her.
Avon Barksdale discusses the loss of the stash with his enforcers Anton "Stinkum" Artis and Wee-Bey Brice and puts a contract out on Omar's crew. Avon ridicules Omar and doubles the price of the original bounty for his murder when informed by Stinkum that Omar is gay. Stringer Bell tells Avon he is worried about the pit operation, since the stashhouse robbery coincided with the police raid. He reassures Avon that his nephew D'Angelo is doing well, but he is worried there may be a leak from someone else in D'Angelo's crew.
Bodie arrives back at the low-rises, where Poot Carr and Wallace are surprised that he got home so soon after his arrest for assaulting a police officer. D'Angelo laughs when Bodie says that he's just too bad and that the system 'can't hold me' and Bodie says to D'Angelo that, had it been him, he would still be there. D'Angelo bristles at this and tells of murdering a scorned girlfriend of Avon's, Deirdre Kresson, who had threatened revenge by testifying to police. He describes tapping on the window of her apartment at night and shooting her when she approached. Bodie, who has never killed anybody, is humbled. The dealers destroy some new security cameras around the towers.
Production.
Title reference.
The title refers to both the old homicide cases being investigated by Bunk and McNulty and to the old bullet cases found at the Deirdre Kresson crime scene.
Epigraph.
The line is said as Bubbles is being returned to the ghetto by McNulty after the two have spent an afternoon in suburbia, which Bubbles refers to as ""Leave It to Beaver" land." Bubbles is referring to the fact that despite the short drive, there is a night and day difference between Baltimore county (heaven) and the Baltimore ghetto (here).
Music.
When Freamon and McNulty start talking in the bar, Miles Davis' "All Blues", from the album "Kind of Blue" plays diegetically in the background. When the head has finished and Davis begins his trumpet solo, Freamon opens up and tells McNulty what happened to his career.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, Deirdre Lovejoy does not appear in this episode.
Uncredited appearances.
Gbenga Akinnagbe, the actor who portrays Chris Partlow, Marlo's adviser and primary enforcer, appears in this episode uncredited as a police officer in court.
First appearances.
This episode marks the first appearance of Jimmy McNulty's estranged family. Callie Thorne plays Elena McNulty, Jimmy's estranged wife and the mother of his two sons. Callie Thorne also appeared on ' alongside several other "Wire" cast members. Antonio Cordova plays Michael McNulty, Jimmy's soccer-playing younger son. His older son, Sean, remains unseen in this episode.

</doc>
<doc id="5904624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904624" title="Eduard Heinrich Henoch">
Eduard Heinrich Henoch

Eduard Heinrich Henoch (June 16, 1820, Berlin – August 26, 1910) was a German physician. He taught at the Berlin University (1868–1894). Henoch was of Jewish descent, and was the nephew of Moritz Heinrich Romberg. 
Work.
After taking the degree of M.D. at Berlin (1843), he began to practise as a specialist in diseases of children. Until 1850 he was assistant at the children's dispensary of the university. In that year he became privat-docent; in 1858, assistant professor. In 1872 Henoch became director of the hospital and dispensary of the department of pediatrics at the Charité. In 1893 he resigned that position, received the title of ""Medicinalrath"", and lived in retirement at Meran until 1898, when he removed to Dresden.
In 1868 he described the association of colic, bloody diarrhea, painful joints, and rash in the condition, previously described by his former medical school teacher Johann Lukas Schönlein, of the allergic non-thrombopenic purpural rash that is known today as Henoch-Schönlein purpura.
Literary works.
Among his works may be mentioned:

</doc>
<doc id="5904631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904631" title="Wrack">
Wrack

The term "wrack" can refer to a thin, flying cloud.
Wrack may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904639" title="Battle of Mello">
Battle of Mello

The Battle of Mello was the decisive and largest engagement of the Peasant Jacquerie of 1358, a rebellion of peasants in the Beauvais region of France, which caused an enormous amount of damage to this wealthy region at the height of the Hundred Years' War with England. The battle was in fact two separate engagements; a major battle at Mello and a smaller one at the nearby town of Meaux, which the battle is also sometimes named after. 
The Road to Battle.
The rebellion in the Beauvais was a major part of the Peasant Jacquerie which exploded into life in the spring and summer of 1358. Although the head of the rebellion was centred on Paris, the body was focused in the region to the north-east, and there peasants, frustrated by the failures of the nobility to protect them from English raiders and heavy taxation had risen up, forming village councils to rule regions and small armed forces of young men to maintain order. These peasant bands also attacked surrounding noble houses, many of which were only occupied by women and children, the men being with the armies fighting the English. The occupants were frequently massacred, the houses looted and burnt in an orgy of violence which shocked France and ravaged this once prosperous region.
The nobles’ response was furious. Aristocracy from across France united together and formed an army in Normandy which was joined by English and foreign mercenaries, sensing payment and a chance to loot the defeated peasants. This army moved into the Beauvais, preparing to strike at the peasants who had set up camp at the plateau above Mello near Silly-le-Long. The peasants had arrived there three days before, many ragged bands united under a leader from Paris. Another army, 800-strong under Jean Vaillant and Pierre Gilles, was dispatched to Meaux, where they besieged the castle of Marché which contained Lady Jeanne de Bourbon, the wife of the Dauphin Charles and his daughter Jeanne, along with a large number of nobles returning from crusading with the Teutonic Knights, including Count Gaston Phoebus and Lord Jean de Grailly.
The armies were composed very differently: the peasant army under the leadership of Guillaume Cale numbered several thousand Beauvais peasants with a core of 400 Parisians, sent by Etienne Marcel, the leader of the Paris commune following a simultaneous uprising in the city. The force was poorly armed and untrained, though a few mercenaries and members of the lesser nobility provided limited leadership. The motives of the latter for joining the uprising were mixed. Some were subsequently to claim that they acted under duress, while others may have been convinced that the Jacquerie were acting on behalf of the imprisoned king.
Opposed to the peasants was a smaller force of French nobles eked out by English mercenaries, routiers and a few Royal troops. They were led by a pretender to the throne of France, King Charles II of Navarre, who brought a substantial body of his own men with him. The noble-led army was between 1,500 and 2,500 strong, the peasants probably double this size.
The battle.
On the morning of the 10 June 1358, the peasant army was lined up on the hillside near Mello, archers in the front rank, infantry behind them and cavalry forming an emergency reserve. The position was a strong one and the force of nobles, being weaker in numbers than their opponents, would have had difficulties in breaking through the peasant army's lines had the situation remained the same. However, Charles of Navarre had a plan to deal with the peasant leader Guillaume Cale before hostilities began, thus cutting the head off his opponent's army. A message was dispatched inviting Cale for treaty talks with the leader of the noble army, inviting the rebels to disperse unharmed. Cale was offered safe-passage through the noble-led army for the talks and foolishly agreed. Once he entered the noble lines he was seized and thrown in irons. That evening he was tortured to death and the remnants of his army were scattered. The medieval codes of chivalry did not apparently apply to peasant leaders.
With their leader gone, the peasant army’s morale plummeted and their line fell apart, allowing a cavalry charge to break through their centre. This caused the peasants to break into a shapeless mass. This mass was then systematically exterminated, the charge led by Charles of Navarre. Significantly, even against such inferior opposition, the main body of the French noble army fought on foot demonstrating that they had learnt the lesson of the ineffectiveness of cavalry against archers in a secure position taught at the Battle of Crécy twelve years before. Many of the peasants were hunted down and killed on the spot, or later in great mass executions by beheading, hanging or even more violent deaths.
Battle of Meaux.
The second engagement of the battle was fought simultaneously in the nearby town of Meaux, where the garrison of the castle of Marché was preparing for an assault. Realising that the peasant army was not prepared for a conventional battle in the streets of the town, the two dozen soldiers in the keep sallied out on horseback. The peasant army had been feasting with the sympathetic townsfolk the night before, and were still hazy from their excesses when the cavalry hit their packed ranks. The Parisian forces fought hardest before breaking, but within minutes the entire army was nothing but a panicked rabble blocking every street away from the castle. They were joined by the town’s populace, who also feared vengeance for their support of the peasants, and the cavalry simply hacked their way through the masses, killing dozens if not hundreds of people for the loss of just one of their own. When the peasants had been driven out the entire town was razed to the ground as punishment for disloyalty.
Aftermath.
Refugees from the Jacquerie army and Meaux spread out across the countryside where they were exterminated along with thousands of other peasants, many innocent of any involvement in the rebellion, by the vengeful nobles and their mercenary allies. Villages were burnt, crops destroyed and families executed, reducing a valuable farming area into a wasteland as revenge for the peasant’s attempt to reverse the social order. The Beauvais and many unaffected surrounding areas were thus blighted for decades to come. The Paris Jacquerie collapsed without the support of the food producing peasants in the countryside, and the entire area was within noble control again by the end of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="5904650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904650" title="Diane Edelijn">
Diane Edelijn

Diane Hendrina Edelijn (born 12 June 1960 in Hoogvliet, Zuid-Holland) is a former backstroke swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada. There she finished in eighth position in the 100m backstroke, while she was eliminated in the third heat of the 200m backstroke. With the Dutch relay team, Edelijn ended up in fifth place in the 4x100m medley, alongside Wijda Mazereeuw (breaststroke), José Damen (butterfly) and Enith Brigitha (freestyle).

</doc>
<doc id="5904665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904665" title="Jon Latimer">
Jon Latimer

Jonathan David Latimer (1964 – 4 January 2009) was an historian and writer based in Wales. His books include "Operation Compass 1940" (Osprey, 2000), "Tobruk 1941" (Osprey, 2001), "Deception in War" (John Murray, 2001), "Alamein" (John Murray, 2002), "Burma: The Forgotten War" (John Murray, 2004) and "1812: War with America" (Harvard University Press, 2007) which won a Distinguished Book Award from the Society for Military History and was shortlisted for the George Washington Book Prize.
Born in Prestatyn, Wales Latimer was educated at Christleton County High School, Chester. He studied for a geography degree at University College, Swansea but switched course to graduate in oceanography. He worked as an oceanographer until becoming a full-time writer in 1997.
In 2003 he became an honorary research fellow at his "alma mater" (by this time Swansea University) and was appointed as a part-time lecturer in History at on the BA (Hons) degree scheme 'War and Society'. He was also a guest lecturer at the Joint Services Command and Staff College at Shrivenham.
Latimer was an enthusiastic part-time soldier. Originally enlisting as a sapper in the Royal Monmouthshire (Militia), he was commissioned in 1986 into the 3rd Battalion Royal Welch Fusiliers, Territorial Army. He spent periods attached to regular battalions in Northern Ireland (1989), Australia (1991–2) and as an intelligence officer (1992–3).
Latimer died following a heart attack in January 2009. His book, "Buccaneers of the Caribbean: How Piracy Forged an Empire" was published posthumously in April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5904666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904666" title="Florilegium">
Florilegium

__notoc__
In medieval Latin a florilegium (plural florilegia) was a compilation of excerpts from other writings. The word is from the Latin "flos" (flower) and "legere" (to gather): literally a gathering of flowers, or collection of fine extracts from the body of a larger work. It was adapted from the Greek "anthologia" (ἀνθολογία) "anthology", with the same etymological meaning. Medieval "florilegia" were systematic collections of extracts taken mainly from the writings of the Church Fathers from early Christian authors, also pagan philosophers such as Aristotle, and sometimes classical writings. A prime example is the "Manipulus florum" of Thomas of Ireland, which was completed at the beginning of the fourteenth century. The purpose was to take passages that illustrated certain topics, doctrines or themes. After the medieval period, the term was extended to apply to any miscellany or compilation of literary or scientific character.
The term florilegia also applied literally to a treatise on flowers or medieval books that are dedicated to ornamental rather than the medicinal or utilitarian plants covered by herbals. The emergence of botanical illustration as a genre of art dates back to the 15th century, when herbals (books describing the culinary and medicinal uses of plants) were printed containing illustrations of flowers. As printing techniques advanced, and new plants came to Europe from Ottoman Turkey in the 16th century, wealthy individuals and botanic gardens commissioned artists to record the beauty of these exotics in ‘Florilegia’. Florilegia flourished in the 17th century when they were created to portray rare and exotic plants from far afield. Modern florilegia seek to record collections of plants, often now endangered, from within a particular garden or place.
Florilegia are among the most lavish and expensive books to produce because of all the work that goes into them.
The word applies especially to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904667" title="Seychellois presidential election, 2006">
Seychellois presidential election, 2006

In 2006, Seychelles held its fourth presidential election since the re-introduction of multiparty politics in 1993. Voting took place during a three-day period, from 28 July 2006 to 30 July 2006.
Candidates.
Three candidates participated in the election.

</doc>
<doc id="5904679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904679" title="Snow hydrology">
Snow hydrology

Snow hydrology is a scientific study in the field of hydrology which focuses on the composition, dispersion, and movement of snow and ice. Studies of snow hydrology predate the Anno Domini era, although major breakthroughs were not made until the mid eighteenth century.
Snowfall, accumulation and melt are important hydrological processes in watersheds at high altitudes or latitudes. In many western states in USA, snow melt accounts for a large percentage of the spring runoff that serves as water supply to reservoirs, urban populations and agricultural activities. 
A large portion of snow hydrology groups are pursuing new methods for incorporating snow hydrology into distributed models over complex terrain through theoretical developments, model development and testing with field and remote sensing data sets. Snow hydrology is quite complex and involves both mass and energy balance calculations over a time-varying snow pack which is influenced by spatial location in the watershed, interaction with vegetation and redistribution by winds. Some researchers seek to accurately capture snow dynamics at a point and over a domain as the spatial pattern of snow cover area is readily observable from remote sensing.
Overview of Snow.
Snow and ice accounts for around 75% of the earth’s entire freshwater volume but lacks the capability of reliable applications. In comparison, the water supplied from rivers and freshwater lakes carries a consistent annual source of water. These natural bodies of water are formed through springs, rainfall and mountainous snow runoff. According to estimates, snow represents about 5% of the precipitation that reaches the Earth’s surface. Due to the large amount of water held within these sources, snow hydrology has been a growing study in the field of river tides and seasonal flow rates. 
Despite common belief, snow fall is not the main cause for the destruction of organic matter in cold climates. The most damaging aspect is cold temperature winds that exist above the snow pack surface. Studies have shown the insulating properties of snow defend the plants and small animals in the environment from these frigid winds. “The snow itself is the habitat for various micro-organisms like snow worms and algae.” Without consistent annual snowfall, many plants would be destroyed due to frost damage. Both Ice worms (Mesenchytraeus Solifugus) and green algae are unique organisms that can live in glacial and snowy habitats.
History.
Though most of the knowledge in the field of snow hydrology has been discovered in the last two centuries, there is evidence that some understanding existed as early as 500-428BC in the Greek states.
Ancient.
Some of the earliest evidence that supports an ancient technical understanding of snow movement was produced by the Greeks. Anaxagoras, an ancient Greek notes: 
The upper class Greeks in these city states were shown to have basic understanding of the cooling properties that snow exhibited. Upper class citizens would have hay lined pits dug beneath their homes and bring snow down from the mountains to fill them. Perishable food items could then be stored in these pits for months at a time. 
The Christian Bible contains numerous passages in its text that express a basic understanding of the hydrological cycle. Each of the following versus shows fundamental ideas behind the hydrological processes.
Modern.
One of the earliest modern records of the snow hydrology practice, was introduced by the geologist, Antonio Vallisnieri around the time of the 17th century. His work Theorized, “That rivers arising from springs in the Italian Alps came from rain and snowmelt seeping into underground channels."
The first American research labs were introduced during the 1940s in order to solve the many problems associated with snow movement in the World War II era. These three labs were:
Currently there are hundreds of snow hydrology labs and sensing devices placed throughout the world. As of 2004, every continent was under observation with the exception of Antarctica. Since then, several sensing devices have been established in the Arctic Circle, allowing for constant observation. Using these in part with satellite imaging systems has produced an accurate depiction of underlying landmass, which was unknown in the past.
Hydrologists.
Snow hydrologists focus specifically on movement and composition of snow and ice, within the field of hydrology. The knowledge gained from this career is most commonly used in weather forecasting and ecological/ agricultural jobs, which require knowledge about the effects of snow migration. They retrieve the information they need through depth, density, and composition readings, as well as various remote sensing techniques. Workers in this field can work for government agencies, research firms and public information services.
Equipment and Testing.
Terrestrial Measurements.
The study of snow and glacial movement, though now largely dependent on remote sensing devices, still requires in field techniques to accurately determine the validity of the data. These tools and techniques range from simple, such as a depth spike, to complex, such as the core sampling machines used to check for variations in ice composition. Three common types of terrestrial measurements are:
Remote Sensing.
Remote sensing technology is a recent tool in the field of snow hydrology that was developed in response to a growing outlook in the parametric studies (study of a subject over time) of hydrology formed in the mid 19th century. Compared to the deterministic (concept that there are no random events) approach used in earlier years, this technique created minimal human interaction with the environment and in field equipment. Currently there are thousands of sensing sites around the globe. Each site is capable of receiving data from any number of remote sensing techniques. 
The Landsat-MSS is one of the most common used tools. It is capable of detecting and categorizing snow cover into three zones for data calculations.The first zone is an area with 100% snow cover. The second zone is known as the transition zone, which is a mixture of snow covered regions and non snow covered regions. This zone is commonly measured at a 50% snow composition value. The Final zone is snow-free (=aper). The combined reading of these three measurements creates a relatively accurate estimate for the amount of snow within the scanned region. Several detrimental variables for this technique are cloud cover, extreme sunlight and heavy vegetation.
Detection Tools.
Several sensing tools are listed below:
Applications.
Meteorology.
Meteorology is the scientific study of weather. It is used in weather forecasting to predict atmospheric events prior to their occurrence. Snow hydrology is used to estimate the characteristics of snowfall in different topographical regions. This includes information on snow depth, density, composition and possible runoff patterns. It is also widely used in the study of natural phenomena such as: blizzards, avalanche, ice pellets and hail in order to help foresee natural disasters.
Glaciology.
Glaciology is a similar study to snow hydrology that focuses specially on glacier movement.Glaciers are large masses of ice that are able to slowly migrate over time, through the process of snow accumulation. This study analyzes their past and current growth as well as composition to predict how they have shaped the landmasses they inhabit. Two major studies related to Glaciology are global warming and glacial maximum's (ice ages).
Current Issues.
Global Warming.
In recent years the most predominant topic related to snow hydrology has been global warming. The underlying concept states that human construction and production of emissions, has created a number of gaseous chemical compounds which add to existing greenhouse gases. Gases such as CO2 and CH4 trap heat in the atmosphere, adding to global climate change. These gases are usually broken down relatively quickly through environmental processes like photosynthesis; however, in recent years, studies have shown their atmospheric composition is increasing. Some studies believe this is a natural part of the earth’s cycle while others claim it is due to the growing amount of fossil fuel emissions and the gradual deforestation of oxygen producing plants. The theory suggests that these changes in temperature, could affect the way ice and snow forms over the earth’s crust, initiating a glacial shifting process, possibly created a rise in sea level from 0.5 meters to 1.5 meters. This change then could influence the salinity of the ocean, causing environmental changes, altering oceanic current and organisms that inhabit it.

</doc>
<doc id="5904686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904686" title="Stuckey">
Stuckey

Stuckey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904688" title="Ghost word">
Ghost word

A ghost word is a word that is published in a dictionary or similarly authoritative reference work having rarely, if ever, been used in practice. This is generally a result of an error, such as a misinterpretation, mispronunciation, misreading, or typographical or linguistic confusion. 
Once authoritatively published, a ghost word may occasionally be widely copied and take a long time to be erased from usage (if it ever does) (e.g. "morse", as described below) especially if the work is published using a free license which encourages its promulgation (e.g. "hsigo").
Origin of the term.
The term ghost words was coined and originally presented in public by Professor Walter William Skeat in his annual address as president of the Philological Society in 1886. He said in part:
It turned out that "kimes" was a misprint for "knives", but the word gained currency for some time. A more drastic example followed, also cited in Skeat's address:
One example of such an edition of "The Monastery" was published by the Edinburgh University Press in 1820.
More examples.
In his address, Skeat exhibited about 100 more specimens that he had collected.
Other examples include:
Speculative examples.
Many neologisms, including those that eventually develop into established usages, are of obscure origin, and some might well have originated as ghost words through illiteracy, such as the term "okay". However, establishing the true origin often is not possible, partly for lack of documentation, and sometimes through obstructive efforts on the part of pranksters. The most popular etymology of the word pumpernickel bread - that Napoleon described it as "C'est pain pour Nicole!", being only fit for his horse - is thought to be a deliberate hoax. "Quiz" also has been associated with apparently deliberate false etymology. All these words and many more have remained in common usage, but they may well have been ghost words in origin.
Back formation.
A recent, incorrect use of the term "ghost word" refers to coining a new word implied logically from a real word, often etymologically incorrectly. The correct term for such a derivation is back-formation, a word that has been established since the late 19th century. An example is "beforemath" which is derived from "aftermath". In principle nothing prevents a back-formation from becoming a something like a ghost word, but it is not easy to find examples, and as a rule it would clash with Skeat's precise definition, which requires that the word forms have "no meaning".
Troublesome ghost words.
Ghost words and similar errors and creations, certainly including back-formations, usually are at least troublesome to philologists as a source of neologisms and linguistic confusion. More philosophically, one might as well regard them as a source of linguistic challenge and entertainment; probably most of them disappear harmlessly, and those that enter common use might well gain general acceptance simply because they express something comfortably, or otherwise meet a need. The ultimate origins of most words in any language are in essence no more respectable.

</doc>
<doc id="5904691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904691" title="41st Field Battery, Royal Australian Artillery">
41st Field Battery, Royal Australian Artillery

41 Field Battery, Royal Australian Artillery was formally raised in Egypt during March 1916 for service with the 11th Field Artillery Brigade, part of 4th Division Artillery. Today 41st Field Battery is one of 4 batteries that make up the 1st Field Regiment, part of 7 Brigade.
History.
During World War I 41st Field Battery took part in action in Egypt, Sinai and on the Western Front. The battery was disbanded at the end of the war.
On 1 May 1948, a sub-unit battery of 3 Composite Anti-Aircraft Regiment with 40 mm Bofors anti-aircraft guns and searchlights was raised at Southport, Queensland. In July 1960, the anti-aircraft era ended as the battery was re-organised as 41st Field Battery as part of 11th Field Regiment equipped with 25 pounder guns. Since then the battery has been equipped with the 105 mm L5 pack howitzers in 1965, 105 mm M2A2 towed howitzers in 1973, and finally the British-designed 105 mm L118/L119 Hamel gun in July 1992.
In 1995, 41 Battery achieved the honour of being presented the Mount Schank Challenge Trophy. This trophy is presented to the most proficient Army Reserve Field or Medium Battery on a biennial basis.
On 1 May 1997, as result of the restructuring of the Army, 41st Field Battery came under command of 1st Field Regiment. From this date 14 Field Battery, also part of 11 Field Regiment and based at Ipswich, was merged with 41 Field Battery. Artillery in Ipswich first came about in 1866 when the 2nd Battery of the Queensland Volunteers was raised in Ipswich and has remained in existence ever since.
Today the battery forms an important part of the Australian Army and is equipped with the British designed 105 mm L118/L119 Hamel gun and provides close support fire to the Army.

</doc>
<doc id="5904695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904695" title="Nicodamidae">
Nicodamidae

The Nicodamidae are a spider family with 29 species in nine genera. 
They are small to medium sized spiders found in small sheet webs close to the ground in eucalypt forests. In most cases the cephalothorax and legs are uniformly red and the abdomen black, for which these species are sometimes called the red and black spider.
Distribution.
The species of this family are only present in New Zealand and the Australian region.
Species.
"Ambicodamus" Harvey, 1995
"Dimidamus" Harvey, 1995
"Durodamus" Harvey, 1995
"Forstertyna" Harvey, 1995
"Litodamus" Harvey, 1995
"Megadictyna" Dahl, 1906
"Nicodamus" Simon, 1887
"Novodamus" Harvey, 1995
"Oncodamus" Harvey, 1995

</doc>
<doc id="5904697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904697" title="A-class destroyer (1913)">
A-class destroyer (1913)

The A class as designated in 1913 was a heterogeneous group of torpedo boat destroyers (TBDs) built for the Royal Navy in the mid-1890s. Some 42 vessels were constructed to the individual designs of their builders to meet Admiralty specifications, the only uniting feature being a specified top speed of . In fact the initial six vessels were generally differentiated by a slightly lower speed and were often referred to as "26-knotters" to distinguish them from the following batch of thirty-six vessels; all surviving "27-knotter" vessels were classified by the Admiralty as the A class in 1913 to provide some system to the naming of HM destroyers. All of the "26-knotters" and most of the "27-knotters" had been lost or scrapped before the 1913 classification (and so - strictly speaking - never survived to become 'A' class), but for convenience all 42 ships are listed below. The number of funnels varied from one to four. All vessels had a distinctive "turtleback" forecastle that was intended to clear water from the bow, but actually tended to dig the bow in to anything of a sea, resulting in a very wet conning position. 
They generally displaced around 260 tons and had a length of around . All were powered by triple expansion steam engines and had coal-fired water-tube boilers (although initially, some had "locomotive type" fire-tube boilers in lieu). Armament was generally one QF 12 pounder on a bandstand on the forecastle, up to five QF 6 pounder and 2 single tubes for torpedoes. The "Daring" and "Havock" class ships initially had a third tube in the bow, fixed to fire straight ahead, but this was found to weigh down the bows and it was possible for the ship to run over its own torpedo when moving at high speed, as such they were later removed and this feature was not repeated in later vessels.
Ships.
The 26-knotter group.
Six ships were ordered under the 1892-93 programme:
The 27-knotter group.
Initially six torpedo boat destroyers (the Thornycroft and Yarrow vessels below) were ordered under the 1893-94 Estimates, but a series of follow-up orders raised the programme to thirty-six vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="5904703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904703" title="Jacques Natanson">
Jacques Natanson

French writer Jacques Natanson (15 May 1901 - 19 May 1975) first became involved in the movies in 1929 when one of his plays was adapted for the screen. He enjoyed a fruitful collaboration with Max Ophüls, on such films as "La Ronde" (1951, earning an Academy Award nomination), "Le Plaisir" (1952) and "Lola Montes" (1955).

</doc>
<doc id="5904713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904713" title="Comiskey">
Comiskey

Comiskey may refer to:
People:
Places:

</doc>
<doc id="5904715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904715" title="Special Accession Programme for Agriculture and Rural Development">
Special Accession Programme for Agriculture and Rural Development

SAPARD (Special Accession Programme for Agriculture and Rural Development) was established in June 1999 by the Council of the European Union to help countries of Central and Eastern Europe deal with the problems of the structural adjustment in their agricultural sectors and rural areas, as well as in the implementation of the acquis communautaire concerning the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) and related legislation.
Along with ISPA and Phare it is one of the three pre-accession instruments financed by the European Union to assist the applicant countries of Central and Eastern Europe in their preparations for joining the European Union.
The programme which comes under the remit of the EU Commission's Directorate-General for Agriculture and Rural Development is part of the Agenda 2000 programme for increased pre-accession assistance in the period 2000 - 2006. Until the fifth enlargement of the EU in 2004 its overall budget was 560 million euros (2003).
Currently SAPARD funding is available only to Bulgaria, Romania, and Croatia. After Bulgaria and Romania's entry into the EU, Croatia will benefit from a specially designed Pre-Accession Instrument (IPA) which will build on the programme support from Phare, ISPA and SAPARD it will receive during 2005 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5904722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904722" title="Josef Richard Vilímek (1835 – 1911)">
Josef Richard Vilímek (1835 – 1911)

Josef Richard Vilímek (April 1, 1835 in Vamberk – December 27, 1911 in Prague) was a Czech publisher. He established a well known publishing house and was father of publisher Josef Richard Vilímek (1860 - 1938).
Vilímek had studied at German technical university in Prague. Since young age he had shown literal talent and published poetry, fairy tales and articles in journals, under pseudonym "Jan Velešovský". After studies he worked as a journalist for several newspapers in Prague. In 1856 he was expelled from Prague for political reasons. In 1858 Vilímek and Josef Svátek founded political satire journal "Humoristické listy". In 1858 he and Josef Novák founded "Slavic Bookstore" ("Slovanské knihkupectví") but left it in 1867. Publishing of calendars, almanacs and plays of Matěj Kopecký turned to be the most successful business. In 1868 Vilímek was elected into Bohemian parliament ("český sněm"). In 1872 Vilímek set up his own printing shop. 
In 1884 he founded modern publishing house "Josef Richard Vilímek", also known as "Josef R. Vilímek", "JR Vilímek" or just "Vilímek". Together with publishing houses of Jan Otto and František Topič "Vilímek" became one of the most famous publishers of the turn of 19/20th century.
In summer of 1885 Vilímek moved responsibility of the company to his son but stayed as editor and manager of "Humoristické listy" until 1906. In 1908 he published memoirs "Ze zašlých dob".
External links.
All texts are in Czech language.

</doc>
<doc id="5904723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904723" title="Caparica">
Caparica

Caparica is the part of the name of several parishes in the Portuguese municipality of Almada:

</doc>
<doc id="5904729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904729" title="Patristic anthology">
Patristic anthology

A patristic anthology, commonly called a florilegium, is a systematic collections of excerpts (more or less copious) from the works of the Church Fathers and other ecclesiastical writers of the early period, compiled with a view to serve dogmatic or ethical purposes. These encyclopedic compilations are a characteristic product of the later Byzantine theological school, and form a very considerable branch of the extensive literature of the Greek Catenæ. They frequently embody the only remains of some patristic writings.
Classification.
Two classes of Christian florilegia may here be distinguished: the dogmatic and the ascetical, or ethical. The dogmatic florilegia are designed to exhibit the continuous and connected teaching of the Fathers on some specific doctrine. The first impulse to compilations of this nature was given by the Christological controversies that convulsed the Eastern Church during the fifth century. A convenient summary of what the Fathers and most approved theologians had held and taught was wanted. Such a summary, setting forth the views of Nestorius and the mind of the orthodox Fathers, was first laid before the Council of Ephesus, in 431, by St. Cyril of Alexandria. Summaries of dogmatic utterances were used also at the Council of Chalcedon in 451, and at the Fifth General Council in 553.
Dogmatic florilegia.
Only in the seventh century the dogmatic florilegia assumed a fully developed and definite form. At the Sixth General Council, in 680, two of these collections played a very prominent rôle, one, constructed by Macarius, the Patriarch of Antioch, in favour of the Monothelites, and the other, a counter collection presented by the legates of Pope Agatho.
During the Iconoclastic controversy similar collections were produced. Mention is made of one on the cult of relics and images which the Synod of Jerusalem sent to John, Bishop of Gothia, about 760.
The oldest extant, and at the same time most extensive and valuable, of these dogmatic compilations, is the "Antiquorum Patrum doctrino de Verbi incarnatione". It is rich in fragments from writings of the Patristic period which are now lost. Of the 977 citations (mainly of a Christological character) which it contains, 751 alone are from the works of the Fathers, representing 93 ecclesiastical writers.
A florilegium somewhat similar to the "Doctrina" is mentioned by Photius in his "Bibliotheca", but not a trace of it survives. Another compilation of this kind, entitled "Περὶ τῆς ἐξ ἀρχῆς καὶ μέχρι τέλους οἰκονομίας τοῦ θεοῦ, εἰς τὸν ἄνθρωπον ἱστορία ἐπωφελής· καὶ περὶ τῆς χριστιανικῆς πολιτείας, ὅπως συνέστη· καὶ κατὰ πάντων τῶν αἱρετικῶν" or simply "De Oeconomia Dei" covering the whole province of theology in five separate books, is ascribed to the twelfth-century monk Nilus Doxopatres, related to but certainly not identical with the eleventh-century John Doxopatres; the first two books, treating respectively of Adam and Christ, are all that remain. A number of other dogmatic florilegia are still extant in manuscript form. The authors of most of them are unknown.
Ascetical florilegia.
The ascetical florilegia are collections of moral sentences and excerpts drawn partly from the Scriptures and partly from the Fathers, on such topics as virtues and vices, duties and exercises of a religious life, faith, discipline, etc. They are not so numerous as the dogmatic florilegia, and apparently were all compiled before the tenth century. Their material, as a rule, is gathered indiscriminately from various authorities, though in some instances it is furnished by only a single writer, a distinct preference being then shown for the works of the more illustrious Fathers, Basil the Great, Gregory of Nazianzus, and St. John Chrysostom. An extensive Christian florilegium of the sixth century, entitled tà ‘ierá (Sacred Things), is probably the earliest of these anthologies. The work consisted originally of three books, the first of which treated of God, the second of man, and the third of the virtues and vices. In the course of time it underwent contraction into one book, its material was recast and arranged in alphabetical order under títloi, or sections, its name changed to tà ‘ierà parállela, "Sacra Parallela" (from the fact that in the third book a virtue and a vice were regularly contrasted or paralleled), and its authorship widely ascribed to St. John Damascene. That the Damascene was really the compiler of the "Sacra Parallela", and that he used as his principal source the "Capita theologica", a florilegium of Maximus Confessor, has been maintained firmly (against Friedrich Loofs, Paul Wendland, and Jonas Cohn) by Karl Holl. Though tà ‘ierá is no longer extant in its original form, considerable portions of the first two books have come down to us in manuscript, and parts of the third are preserved in "The Bee" ("Melissa") of Antonius, a Greek monk of the eleventh century. Of the "Sacra Parallela" there are several recensions, one of which is given in Migne. Other extant ascetical florilegia still remain unedited. As in the case of the dogmatic florilegia, most of them are anonymous.

</doc>
<doc id="5904730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904730" title="Suada">
Suada

Suada may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5904746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904746" title="Charneca da Caparica">
Charneca da Caparica

Charneca da Caparica () is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Almada. It has a population of 29,763 inhabitants (Censos 2011) and a total area of 22.33 km². The parish hall is headquarterd at 17 Rua Marco Cabaço. Its postal code is 2820.
Localidades.
The parish of Charneca de Caparica has 18 localities:

</doc>
<doc id="5904747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904747" title="Jean-François Lapointe">
Jean-François Lapointe

Jean-François Lapointe is a Canadian baritone opera singer.
Born in the region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, Quebec, Jean-François Lapointe first studied piano and violin and, at the age of 16, devoted himself entirely to singing. He worked under the direction of Louise André at Université Laval in Quebec City, where he obtained a Master's Degree in Interpretation, before pursuing advanced studies in the United States with Martial Singher. He has been awarded many prizes, including three awards at the prestigious Concours international de chant de Paris.
Since his stage debut at the age of 17, Jean-François Lapointe sang more than sixty roles in numerous major opera houses around the world.
Highly regarded as a lyric baritone for his many major roles in that repertoire, he became famous for his performance of the eponymous role in Ambroise Thomas' "Hamlet", in Copenhagen, Trieste and Geneva, as well as of Mercutio ("Roméo et Juliette") in Cincinnati, Orange and Tokyo. He also sang the role of Valentin ("Faust") a great many times over his career, namely in Turin, Madrid, Monte-Carlo, as well as Orange in August 2008. More recently, he sang the role of Albert ("Werther") in the Théatre de la Monnaie in Brussels. Over the past few seasons, Jean-François Lapointe made his debut in the roles of Chorèbe, ("Les Troyens") in Geneva, Escamillo, ("Carmen"), in Lausanne, France and in Japan, and of Zurga, ("Les pêcheurs de perles"), at the Opera of Toulon, in January 2009.
His performance of Pelléas (2005) in Debussy's Pelléas et Mélisande became a career-defining moment, a role he sang in North America (including Toronto and Cincinnati) as well as Europe: he worked under the direction of Yannis Kokkos in Bordeaux, Toulouse and at la Scala of Milan in November 2005. The Parisian audience saw his Pelléas in June 2007, under the direction of Bernard Haitink, in Théâtre des Champs-Élysées.
Jean-François Lapointe is also known for his dedication at championing neglected operatic works. He thus took part in the première of Bernstein's "Candide" to a French libretto, and went on performing the eponymous role in France and throughout Europe. He also collaborated to the re-creation of "Mârouf, savetier du Caire", at the Opera of Marseille, and to the production of "La jolie fille de Perth" in Compiègne (France).
Thanks to his stage presence and his acting skills, he achieved great success in the operetta repertoire, performing the roles of Brissac, ("Les mousquetaires au couvent"), to great acclaim in Toulouse, le Vice-roi du Pérou ("la Périchole") in Marseille and Nancy, and especially Danilo, ("La veuve joyeuse") in Montréal, Bordeaux, Liège and Lausanne.
Though a noted performer of the French opera repertoire, Jean-François Lapointe also made his mark in the Italian and Russian repertoire: he sang Figaro ("Le Barbier de Seville") at the Opéra Comédie, Count Almaviva ("Les Noces de Figaro") in Nancy and Don Giovanni in Trieste. He recently added to his own repertoire the role of Prince Eletski, in "Pikovaya Dama", whom he performed at the Opéra de Monte-Carlo with conductor Dmitri Jurowski and stage director Guy Joosten.

</doc>
<doc id="5904758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904758" title="Swinford Bandog">
Swinford Bandog

The Swinford Bandog is an unrecognized type of guard dog. Developed by Dr. John Swinford, it is known because of Swinford's technique of selecting dogs based on performance rather than other traits.
History.
The name "Bandog" has been around for many centuries, referring to a type of guard dog; however, the popularity of the "bandog" name was revived in the mid 1960s by veterinarian John B. Swinford. Dr. Swinford selected quality specimens from specific foundation breeds to create what he considered to be the ultimate guard dog, which he referred to as the Swinford Bandog (or Swinford Bandogge). Using performance selection, Dr. Swinford utilized selective breeding to produce what he believed was finest guard dog in existence. Swinford worked on his program for several generations, and came to receive significant recognition for his work in various books and journals., but unfortunately Dr. Swinford died in November 1971 before solidifying the future of his creation. For this reason, the long term success of his program has been questioned, but despite this his work played a significant influential role in re-igniting interest by some individuals and as a result there has been a resurrection of the Bandog name. Unfortunately, there is typically little or nothing in common between the modern Bandog programs and Dr. Swinford's program other than the "Bandog" name itself.
No breeding program today has dogs bred down from his program. The Swinford Bandog breed became rather notable during his lifetime as well as for some time after his passing, and has been referred to in many publications considering its limited lifespan, many of which were printed several decades ago. Such publications have included "The World of Fighting dogs by Carl Semencic" The Working American Bulldog by Dave Putnam [http://books.google.com/books?id=FR9vPQAACAAJ&dq=The+Working+American+Bulldog&hl=en&sa=X&ei=lhkDUbr6EIfA9QTki4G4CQ&ved=0CDgQ6AEwAA; Gladiator Dogs by Carl Semencic the July-Aug issue of The Sporting Dog Journal (actually making one of the main articles as well as the cover story) in "30 Years of Journal Cover Dogs by Jack Kelly [http://www.amazon.com/Years-Joulrnal-Cover-Dogs-Bull/dp/B0060N46KG; Dog Catalog and vet journal dog catalog [http://books.google.com/books?id=QP_b5yEfnqwC&q=Swinford+Bandog&dq=Swinford+Bandog&hl=en&sa=X&ei=AxoDUZ3hE4Kg9QSD44GICA&ved=0CD4Q6AEwAw, and also in a few others [http://books.google.com/books?id=JNgEICUEIsMC&pg=PA305&dq=Swinford+Bandog&hl=en&sa=X&ei=AxoDUZ3hE4Kg9QSD44GICA&ved=0CDMQ6AEwAQ#v=onepage&q=Swinford%20Bandog&f=false] Swinford was described to have used performance selection to improve the functional capabilities and health of working dogs, as working breeds have been shown to display general fitness and health from working lines of dogs is superior to non-working breeds.
Dr. Swinford's vision developed somewhat from seeing the traditional working breeds dogs suffer from poor selection due to show breeders placing cosmetic appearance over the functional aspects of breeds. To awaken these lost abilities and to improve the effectiveness of the modern protection Mastiff type dogs, Swinford desired to recreate the working Mastiff dog by once again selecting on performance over all other criteria as had been done for centuries before. By using performance measures, Swinford required his dogs to be completely safe, trustworthy, and stable within their home environment, yet also fear nothing when a protective situation deemed necessary. For this reason, Swinford selected game dogs such as the American Pit Bull Terrier to play a major role in awakening the functional working mastiff type dogs by improving their stamina, drive, athletic ability, confidence, and overall health. 
The Foundation Breeds.
By using performance selection, John carefully selected various types of sound, protective mastiffs - primarily the English Mastiff - and bred them to performance-proven American Pit Bull Terriers to produce the original Swinford Bandogs. Bantu, the dog pictured with John (above) was a first generation Swinford Bandog produced in the 1960s from the breeding of a proven Bull and terrier stud (Kelly's "Bobtail Buddy" 2xW, not pictured) to an English Mastiff bitch known as "Octavia".
Despite Dr. Swinford dying before finalizing the breed, there was enough interest in his dogs to maintain the program for several generations and into the next decade before finally disappearing entirely. The English Mastiff remained the primary mastiff component of the Swinford breed; however, in successive years other Mastiff types such as the Neapolitan Mastiff, Great Dane, and Tosa Inu were infused into the Swinford Bandog by some of the partners of Dr. Swinford's program.
Future.
Most Bandog programs have essentially nothing in common with the original Swinford program; however, there are a few programs in existence today that have used Swinford's selection and breeding philosophy as a model to re-create John Swinford's work.

</doc>
<doc id="5904762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904762" title="Jason Goldberg">
Jason Goldberg

Jason Goldberg (born 1972) is an American film and television producer. Goldberg is the producer of the films "Guess Who" and "The Butterfly Effect" and executive producer of the shows "Beauty and the Geek" and "Punk'd". He often works with Ashton Kutcher.
Life and career.
Born in Bel Air, California, Goldberg got his start as a producer on the film "Homage" with Blythe Danner in 1994. Next, he produced "Cafe Society" with Lara Flynn Boyle and Peter Gallagher. He and Ashton Kutcher run a production company, Katalyst Films.
Goldberg married actress Soleil Moon Frye on October 25, 1998 in a traditional Jewish ceremony in Los Angeles. Their first child, daughter Poet Sienna Rose Goldberg, was born on August 24, 2005. Their second child, daughter Jagger Joseph Blue Goldberg, was born on March 17, 2008. Their third child, son Lyric Sonny Roads Goldberg, was born February 9, 2014.
Goldberg is on the board of directors for EMA, an environmental action group based in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="5904765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904765" title="Cova da Piedade">
Cova da Piedade

Cova da Piedade is a Portuguese parish, located in the municipality of Almada and founded on February 7, 1928. It has a population of 21,154 inhabitants and a total area of 1.28 km². With a population density of 16,527 inhabitants/km², the parish is one of the most densely populated in the country. Its postal code is 2805.

</doc>
<doc id="5904779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904779" title="Marrakech (song)">
Marrakech (song)

"Marrakech" was released as the first single from ATB's album "No Silence". The vocals in the song were provided by Tiff Lacey, who also lent her voice to the album's second single, "Ecstasy." Marrakech was featured in the European soundtrack for the movie "Mindhunters", and it can be heard during the film's ending credits and in some of its promotional trailers.

</doc>
<doc id="5904782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904782" title="Phyxelididae">
Phyxelididae

The Phyxelididae are a spider family with 54 described species in twelve genera. They are grouped with the Titanoecidae within the Titanoecoidea superfamily.

</doc>
<doc id="5904786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904786" title="London greenways">
London greenways

Many green routes have been planned in London which come within the international definition of a greenway but most of them come under other designations in London. The exception is The Greenway in North East London. Some of the other planned routes which could be described as greenways are: the Thames Path, the South East London Green Chain, the Capital Ring and the Parkland Walk.
The planning of long-distance routes in London began with County of London Plan by Patrick Abercrombie. He saw a deficiency of open space as one of the four main defects of London and believed it could be remedied by planning green corridors, green wedges etc.

</doc>
<doc id="5904799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904799" title="Abdallah Zrika">
Abdallah Zrika

Abdallah Zrika () (born 1953 in Casablanca) is one of the most famous poets of Morocco. His poetry is free, based on spoken language and unrivalled in contemporary Arabic literature in its spontaneity.
Zrika grew up in the poor neighbourhood Ben Msik. At the age of twelve he wrote his first poems. In 1977, he published "Dance of the head and the rose". For the Moroccan youth, he represents the ideal of poetry, of freedom of living and expressing yourself. Because of censorship Zrika spent two years in jail. Six of his poems were deemed morally dangerous. In 1978, he obtained a degree in sociology. Besides a poet, Zrika is also a playwright.
Novels in Arabic.
His poems have also been published in magazins like: "Esprit", "Autrement", "Refuge", "Le croquant", "Petite", and "RMM".
He worked on plays with Louis Sclavis, Luigi Cinqui, writing "He is like the theater".

</doc>
<doc id="5904806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904806" title="Rio de Moinhos (Abrantes)">
Rio de Moinhos (Abrantes)

Rio de Moinhos is a Portuguese parish, located in Abrantes Municipality, in Santarém District. The parish has a population of 1388 inhabitants and a total area of 20.06 km².

</doc>
<doc id="5904813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904813" title="Battle of Jarama">
Battle of Jarama

The Battle of Jarama (February 6–27, 1937) was an attempt by General Franco's Nationalists to dislodge the Republican lines along the river Jarama, just east of Madrid, during the Spanish Civil War. Elite Spanish Legionnaires and Moroccan "Regulares" from the Army of Africa forced back the Republican Army of the Centre, including the International Brigades, but after days of fierce fighting no breakthrough was achieved. Republican counterattacks along the captured ground likewise failed, resulting in heavy casualties to both sides:
Preliminaries.
By winter of 1936/7 the Nationalist forces, led by Francisco Franco, having failed to carry Madrid by storm in November 1936, resolved to cut off the city by crossing the Jarama to the south east and severing Madrid's communications with the "pro tempore" Republican capital of Valencia.
General Mola was in overall command of the Nationalist forces around Madrid and planned an offensive across the Jarama south of the capital. General Orgaz was put in command of the front, with General Varela exercising command in the field. The attack had been intended to coincide with an offensive by Franco's Italian allies under General Mario Roatta at Guadalajara, but the Italians were not ready in time and Mola decided to press ahead without them. The Nationalists had roughly 25,000 infantry, mostly "regulares" and Spanish Foreign Legionnaires. Mola also had ten squadrons of cavalry at his disposal. They were supported by German troops from the Condor Legion, including two heavy machine gun battalions, a tank corps under Wilhelm Ritter von Thoma and batteries of 155mm and 88mm guns.
The initial objectives of the Nationalists were to take the western bank of the river Jarama and to capture the heights that overlooked it. Next, they would break through the Republican positions on the high ground east of the river and take the towns of Vaciamadrid and Arganda in order to sever the Madrid—Valencia road and cut off the capital to the south and east.
Taking the west bank.
The Nationalist offensive began on February 5 with assaults on the Republican positions on the west bank of the Jarama. The opening attacks took the Republicans by surprise. The Nationalists, as was the fashion of the Army of Africa, advanced in mobile columns and overwhelmed the unprepared Republicans. General García Escámez commanded their right flank (to the south), General Rada commanded the left, or northern wing, while General Asensio commanded the centre. Escámez attacked on February 6 at Ciempozuelos and overran the Republican forces which lost 1,800 men. Rada's men took La Marañosa hill, high, which overlooked both banks of the Jarama. The two Republican battalions atop "La Marañosa" vainly stuck to their cliff-top defences and died there to the last. From this hill-top position, the Nationalists could dominate the river crossing with artillery and machine gun fire.
By February 8, the west bank of the Jarama was in Nationalist hands. Elements of General Pozas' Army of the Centre had already begun taking flight when Líster and "El Campesino" showed up with their veteran brigades on February 8 and stabilized the line. Reinforcements appeared on the east bank of the Jarama and the Republic's army reorganized its defences, forestalling any enemy crossing. In addition, heavy rain flooded the river and held up fighting for two days.
Nationalists cross the river.
On February 11 a small group of Moroccan "regulares" crossed the river undetected and crept up to the positions of the Republican XIV International Brigade near the Pindoque railway bridge at Vaciamadrid. As they had learned to do in the Rif War, the "regulares" slipped inside the enemy perimeter and silently cut the throats of the sentries. Nationalist cavalry under Barrón followed them across almost immediately and attacked the fleeing XIV Brigade. Nearby, Barrón's column, braving heavy Republican fire, charged across the Arganda bridge and established a bridgehead on the other side. The Republicans had laid demolition charges on the bridge, but although they were detonated, the bridge remained intact. Further south, Asensio attacked the village of San Martín de la Vega, where Republican machine gunners brought his advance to grief before being silenced by Moroccan and Legionnaire knifework. At this point, Nationalist troops under Varela crossed the river in force.
However, the Republicans remained firmly entrenched along the Pingarrón heights on the eastern bank and continued to plaster the Nationalist bridgeheads with artillery fire. Barrón's brigade was held up by the Garibaldi Battalion, which held the high ground near Arganda. Late in the day, units of XI International Brigade held off a Nationalist push onto the Arganda—Colmenar road. The Republicans then counterattacked twice with Soviet tanks, which were beaten off with artillery fire from Nationalist batteries dug in on "La Marañosa", but they served to hold up further Nationalist advances. When Junkers of the Condor Legion appeared overhead in support of the Nationalists, Republican planes shot them down and took control of the skies. Until February 13, the Republican air force, largely composed of Soviet machines and pilots, maintained air supremacy. However, they were challenged by the arrival of more Italian and Spanish nationalist aircraft, with the result that, by the end of the battle, neither side had a decisive advantage in the air.
The Nationalists brought their reserves forward and opened on February 12 a powerful attack in the direction of Morata. Asensio's troops took the Pingarrón hills and assaulted the Pajares heights to the north. This struggle for the high ground east of the Jarama would see some of the most bitter fighting of the battle.
Suicide Hill.
The XI International Brigade (composed of British, Irish, Balkan, French and Belgian volunteers) defending the Pajares found itself outmanned and outgunned. Nationalist artillery massed on the heights of Pingarrón and pummeled the defenders. The German Thälmann Battalion held off a frontal assault on their hill-top, inflicting severe casualties on the attacking "regulares" with machine gun fire, but the British were forced back and took up position at a place they named "Suicide Hill". A machine-gun battalion arrived in support but proved of little use, having been issued the wrong ammunition. However, Líster's veteran Spaniards appeared to the left of the British and helped the Republican line hold all day and through the night, despite frightful casualties.
A furious and confused fight followed in which the British Battalion lost poet Christopher Caudwell and 375 of their 600 men, including almost every officer. On February 13, Nationalist forces started a flanking manoeuvre and forced back the French units to the right of the British. They were then able to isolate and capture 30 members of the machine gun battalion. The surviving Republicans gave up the hill and retreated to the heights, where the enigmatic, pseudonymous "Colonel Gal" — whose identity was never confirmed with certainty — rallied the officers and convinced them to rejoin the battle. The Nationalists, mistaking the returning Republicans for their own soldiers, gave up the hill to them without a fight before realizing their error and resuming the struggle. By the night of February 14, fresh troops arrived to shore up the Republican line.
The farthest Nationalist advance was made to the south of "Suicide Hill" in the low hills between the heights of Pajares and Pingarrón. There the Nationalist centre made a breakthrough, after the XV International Brigade was smashed by artillery fire from the Nationalist 155mm guns on Marañosa hill. Barrón's troops almost reached the town of Arganda del Rey and the coveted Madrid—Valencia road. However, their advance was halted by orders from General Varela, who was concerned that they would be cut off if they advanced too far ahead of other Nationalist units.
Republican counterattack.
On February 14, the Republicans counter-attacked Barrón's men with 50 T-26 tanks, supported by infantry, artillery and air cover. Although it did not re-take any lost ground, the counter-attack again bloodied the Nationalists and halted their advance. The shaken Nationalists went as far as to call the 14th ""el día triste del Jarama"" ("the sad day," a throwback to Hernán Cortés' "Noche Triste").
On February 17, General José Miaja took overall command of the Republican front. Command had previously been split between him and General Pozas, hampering the co-ordination of Republican strategy. Miaja mounted a major counter-offensive to clear the eastern back of the Jarama. Forces under Líster made a frontal assault on the heights at Pingarrón, only to be driven back with up to 50% casualties. On the tactical execution of these counterattacks, one Nationalist soldier reflected:
Another futile and costly attack was made by troops under Juan Modesto from the direction of the Manzanares river to the north on the Nationalist hill-top position at Marronosa. Here again, the Republicans failed, at a heavy cost, to achieve their objectives. In the northern sector however, the Nationalists were forced back, away from Vaciamadrid and the Madrid—Valencia road.
Further Republican counter-attacks followed between February 23 and February 27. General Gal ordered another attempt to storm the Nationalist strongpoint at Pingarrón. The Republican forces involved included 450 Americans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade under Robert Merriman. The inexperienced troops, advancing without artillery support, marched bravely into the teeth of the Nationalist lines and were cut to pieces. Poet Charles Donnelly (part of an Irish contingent known as the Connolly Column) was heard to remark, "even the olives are bleeding", before being gunned down by a burst of machine gun fire and killed. The Americans lost 120 dead and 175 wounded, or 66% casualties. After the failure of this attack, the Jarama valley settled again into silence. Both sides dug in and the front stabilised.
Aftermath.
By the end of February the front lines had stabilized, with both sides consolidating and fortifying their positions to the point where no useful assault could be undertaken. Nationalists and Republicans alike had suffered very heavy losses (of between 6,000 to 25,000 each, depending on different estimates). In addition, their troops were exhausted and low on ammunition and food.
Although the Nationalists succeeded in crossing the river and resisted all efforts to dislodge them from their footholds on the other side, the Madrid—Valencia road remained out of reach and firmly in Republican hands. Consequently, the area lost much of its strategic importance and merged into the wider front, lined with trenches and reminiscent of the static struggle of the First World War's Western Front. In March, the Italian Expeditionary Army was likewise thrown back at Guadalajara, ending Franco's hopes of cutting off Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="5904817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904817" title="Eisfelder Talmühle">
Eisfelder Talmühle

Eisfelder Talmühle is an isolated junction station between the Selketalbahn and the Harz narrow gauge mainline (Harzquerbahn). In Deutsche Reichsbahn of the GDR days it had large refreshment rooms and staff. It is still however a busy interchange at certain times of the day when steam trains and railcars converge from three directions to allow passengers to make connections.

</doc>
<doc id="5904819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904819" title="Amarildo Tavares da Silveira">
Amarildo Tavares da Silveira

Amarildo Tavares da Silveira, also known as Amarildo (; born in Campos, Rio de Janeiro, June 29, 1939) was a Brazilian football player who played as a striker.
His career lasted from 1957 to 1974 and he played for Goytacaz, Flamengo, Botafogo and Vasco da Gama, and in Italy for Milan , Fiorentina and Roma. He won one “Coppa Italia” in 1967 with Milan, and the Italian title (“Scudetto”) in 1969 with Fiorentina.
For Brazil he was capped 23 times, from April 1961 to June 1966, and won the 1962 FIFA World Cup as a replacement for the injured Pelé. He scored eight goals for his country, including three during the 1962 tournament, one of which came in the final itself.
On January 24, 2008, Amarildo was hired as América's head coach. On January 26, 2008, in his first match as América's head coach, Volta Redonda beat América 4-2 at Estádio Giulite Coutinho. He was sacked by América's board after managing the team for just a week.

</doc>
<doc id="5904823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904823" title="World Light Heavyweight Championship (National Wrestling Association)">
World Light Heavyweight Championship (National Wrestling Association)

The National Wrestling Association World Light Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling championship sanctioned by the National Wrestling Association, an offshoot of the National Boxing Association (NBA), and was contested for with a weight limit of 175 lb (79 kg). The title existed from 1930 through 1952.
Title history.
Silver-shaded areas indicate an unknown area in the title history.

</doc>
<doc id="5904850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5904850" title="Cornizzolo">
Cornizzolo

Monte Cornizzolo (Insubric Curnisciöö) is a mountain situated in the province of Lecco, Lombardy, northern Italy.
The peak reaches 1,241 metres in altitude. It houses the Maria Consigliere hut, open every Sunday throughout the year, at 1,100 metres above sea level. Mount Cornizzolo is well known amongst hang gliding and paragliding fans, because it has got a launch camp available almost all year.
An element of historical interest is the Abbey of San Pietro al Monte, an 11th-century building which is located in a little valley on the mountain. It's a holy mountain, seat of Pre-Celtic (e.g. the "Coppelle": cult of Water), Celtic (e.g. the "Cepp da l'Angua": cult of Anguana), Roman (e.g. the "Fons Sacer": cult of Mars) and Christian worships. There are, at the foot of the mountain: the Shrine of Saint Miro, the Chapel of Saint Michael at Lazzaretto, the Chapel of Our Lady of the Seven Sorrows, La Santa, the Church of Saint Francis, the Church of the Saints Vitus and Modest, the Monastery of Saint Calocero, the Church of Saint Nazarus, the Church of Saint Andrew at Isella, the Pilgrims' House, the Church of Saint Steven, the Chapel of Our Lady of Caravaggio, the Monastery of Barnabite Fathers, the Church of Saint Lorence, the Shrine of Our Lady of the Snow, the Church of the Holy Spirit, the Church of Saint Antony, the Church of Saint Martin, the Church of Saint Thomas, and many other religious buildings.
The company Holcim is going to add another quarry, next to the Abbey, destroying the 500 "casotte" traditional construction.

</doc>
