<doc id="5917340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917340" title="Civil war era in Norway">
Civil war era in Norway

The civil war era of Norwegian history (Norwegian "borgerkrigstiden") is a term used for the period in the history of Norway between 1130 and 1240. During this time, a series of civil wars were fought between rival kings and pretenders to the throne of Norway. The reasons for the wars is one of the most debated topics in Norwegian medieval history. The goal of the warring parties was always to put their man on the throne, starting with the death of King Sigurd the Crusader in 1130. In the first decades of the civil wars, alliances were shifting, and centered on the person of a king or pretender, but eventually, towards the end of the 12th century, two rival parties emerged, known as the Birkebeiner and the Bagler. After these two parties were reconciled in 1217, a more ordered system of government centered on the king was gradually able to bring an end to the frequent risings. The failed rising of duke Skule Bårdsson in 1240 was the final event of the civil war era.
Events of the civil war era.
Background.
The unification of Norway into one kingdom is traditionally held to have been achieved by King Harald Fairhair at the Battle of Hafrsfjord in 872, but the process of unification took a long time to complete and consolidate. By the mid 11th century, the process seems to have been completed. However, it was still not uncommon for several rulers to share the kingship of Norway. This seems to have been the common way of solving disputes in cases where two or more worthy candidates for the throne existed. The relationship between such co-rulers was often tense, but open conflict was generally averted. Clear succession laws did not exist. The main criterion for being considered a worthy candidate for the throne was to be a descendant of Harald Fairhair through the male line - legitimate or illegitimate birth was not an issue.
King Sigurd the Crusader had also shared the kingdom with his brothers, King Øystein and King Olav, but when they both died without issue, Sigurd became sole ruler, and his son, Magnus, heir-apparent. However, in the late 1120s, a man called Harald Gillekrist arrived in Norway from Ireland, claiming to be a son of King Sigurd's father, King Magnus Barefoot. King Magnus had spent some time campaigning in Ireland, and Harald would thus be King Sigurd's brother. Harald proved his case through an ordeal of fire, the common way of settling such claims at the time, and King Sigurd recognised him as his brother. However, Harald had to swear an oath that he would not claim the title of king as long as Sigurd or his son was alive.
The succession to Sigurd the Crusader.
When Sigurd died in 1130, Harald broke his oath. Sigurd's son Magnus was proclaimed king, but Harald also claimed the royal title, and received much support. A settlement was reached whereby Magnus and Harald would both be kings and co-rulers. Peace between them lasted until 1134, when open war broke out. In 1135 Harald succeeded in defeating and capturing Magnus in Bergen. Magnus was blinded, castrated and mutilated and imprisoned in a monastery. He was thereafter known as Magnus the Blind. At about the same time, Sigurd Slembe, another man from Ireland arrived claiming to be a son of Magnus Barefoot. He claimed to have gone through an ordeal by fire to prove his claim, in Denmark. Harald did not recognise him as his brother. In 1136, Sigurd murdered Harald in his sleep in Bergen, and had himself proclaimed king. Harald's supporters would not accept him, and had Harald's two infant sons, Sigurd Munn and Inge Crouchback, named king. Sigurd Slembe liberated Magnus the Blind from his enforced monastic life and allied himself with him. The war between Sigurd Slembe and Magnus the Blind on the one side, and Harald Gille's old supporters, with his young sons on the other, dragged on until 1139, when Magnus and Sigurd were defeated in Battle at Hvaler. Magnus was killed in the battle, Sigurd was captured and tortured to death.
The reign of Harald Gille's sons.
The power-sharing between Sigurd Munn and Inge Crouchback functioned well as long as they were both minors. In 1142, once again, a king's son arrived in Norway from west of the North Sea. This time, it was Øystein Haraldsson, a son of Harald Gille. Øystein claimed part of his father's inheritance, and was given the title of king, with a third of the kingdom. The three brothers ruled together, apparently in peace, until 1155. According to the sagas, Øystein and Sigurd Munn laid plans to depose their brother Inge and divide his share of the kingdom between them. At the urgings of his mother Ingrid Ragnvaldsdotter and the influential lendmann Gregorius Dagsson, Inge decided to strike first, at a meeting appointed between the three kings in Bergen. Sigurd Munn was attacked and killed by Inge's men, before Øystein had had time to arrive in the city. Inge and Øystein then reached a tenuous settlement, but conditions between them soon deteriorated into open warfare, ending with Øystein's capture and murder in Bohuslän in 1157. Whether or not Inge himself ordered the killing of his brother seems to have been disputed at the time. The followers of Inge's dead brothers, Øystein and Sigurd Munn, were not inclined to submit to Inge, and instead chose a new pretender ("kongsemne"), Sigurd Munn's son, Håkon the Broadshouldered. This development has been seen as the first sign of a new stage in the civil wars: The warring parties no longer simply sprung up around a king or pretender, but stayed together after the fall of their leader, and elected a new figurehead, heralding the formation of more firmly organised warring factions. A figurehead is all that Håkon could have been in 1157, as he was only ten years old. However, his followers had him named king and continued the fight against Inge. In 1161, they succeeded in killing Inge in battle in Oslo.
Magnus Erlingsson and the involvement of the church.
Inge's followers followed the same course of action as Øystein's followers had four years earlier, and elected a new figurehead rather than submit to Håkon. The choice fell upon the five-year-old Magnus Erlingsson, the son of one of their most prominent leaders, the "lendmann" Erling Skakke, by his wife Kristin, daughter of King Sigurd the Crusader. Erling, with the title jarl, became the real leader of the faction. The next year, in 1162, they succeeded in defeating and killing Håkon in battle at Sekken in the Romsdalsfjord. The year after that, in 1163, another son of Sigurd Munn, Sigurd Markusfostre, who had been set up as a new pretender against Magnus Erlingsson, was captured by Erling Skakke and killed in Bergen.
The action of Erling and the rest of his party in electing Magnus Erlingsson as their leader was a radical one, as it broke with one of the traditional principles of who might become king: Magnus was only descended from the ancient royal line through his mother - he was not a king's son. To compensate for this short-coming, Erling and Magnus' party allied themselves with the Church, and introduced a new criterion: The king should henceforth be of legitimate birth. Their old leader, Inge Crouchback, had been the only one of the sons of Harald Gille to be legitimate, and King Magnus Erlingsson was also Erling and Kristin's legitimate son. The alliance with the Church, which had recently become better organised in Norway after the establishment of a separate Norwegian archdiocese in Nidaros in 1152, became an important asset for Erling and Magnus. In 1163 in Bergen, Magnus Erlingsson became the first Norwegian king to be crowned, aged 7. A written law of succession was also introduced which only allowed the oldest legitimate son to inherit. For the next decade or so, Magnus Erlingsson's position as king, with Erling Skakke as the real leader of the country, seemed secure. Erling ruthlessly eliminated any potential rivals to his son. He was also allied at times with King Valdemar I of Denmark, and according to one source, he at one time took the Oslofjord-area as a fief from him. However, the extent of his subordination to Denmark is questionable.
Rising of the Birkebeiner and King Sverre.
In 1174, a new faction arose, in rebellion against Magnus Erlingsson. Their leader was the young Øystein Møyla, a son of Øystein Haraldsson. This new faction was called the birkebeiner, meaning "birch-legs" because some of them were so poor that they wound birch-bark around their legs instead of proper footwear. Øystein Møyla was killed by Magnus and Erling's men at the Battle of Re in 1177. Soon after, the Birkebeiner made Sverre Sigurdsson their leader. Sverre had come to Norway from the Faroe Islands, and claimed to have recently discovered that he was in fact the son of King Sigurd Munn. His claim was widely disbelieved at the time, and also by most modern historians. However, after taking over leadership of the Birkebeiner, he became a rallying point for everyone disgruntled with the rule of Erling Skakke and King Magnus.
Some materialists among modern historians have tried to read a form of class struggle into Sverre and the Birkebeiner's fight against Erling and Magnus. However, the extent to which Sverre's men actually represented the impoverished strata of the population remains disputed. It is clear that most of the "lendmenn" - the nobility of the time - sided with King Magnus, but Sverre also quickly won several of them over to his side. In any event, the Birkebeiner did not try to change the social order of society - they merely wanted to place themselves at its top.
In 1179, Sverre won an important victory in the Battle of Kalvskinnet, on the outskirts of Nidaros, where Erling Skakke was killed. From then on, the Trøndelag region with Nidaros at its center became a stronghold of Sverre. King Magnus continued the fight after the death of his father, and refused several offers from Sverre to divide the kingdom between them. Sverris saga, which was written by Sverre's supporters, makes much of how popular Magnus was among the common people, and how this made Sverre's fight against him all the more difficult. The war between Sverre and Magnus raged on for several years, and Magnus at one point had to seek refuge in Denmark. The Battle of Fimreite, a final naval battle during 1184 in the Sognefjord, resulted in the death of King Magnus and victory for King Sverre.
Sverre was to rule Norway until 1202, but was unable to achieve long periods of peace. The Church, allied to King Magnus and Erling Skakke, remained virulent in its opposition to Sverre throughout his reign. In 1190, the archbishop, Eirik Ivarsson, fled the country, and in 1194 he received papal support to excommunicate Sverre and order the country's remaining bishops to join him in exile in Denmark, which they did. By then, Sverre had been able to coerce one of his strongest opponents, bishop Nikolas Arnesson of Oslo, to crown him in Bergen in 1194. In 1198, Pope Innocent III placed Norway under interdict. Although Sverre forged letters to show that his excommunication had been lifted, he in fact remained excommunicated until his death.
Several pretenders arose against Sverre. Among the most serious was Jon Kuvlung, a purported son of King Inge Crouchback. He was named king in 1185 and killed in battle in Bergen in 1188. Sigurd Magnusson, an illegitimate son of King Magnus Erlingsson, was proclaimed to be king in 1193 at the Haugathing near Tønsberg. Aged 13, Sigurd was a figurehead leader. He had the support of among others, Harald Maddadsson. His rising ended after his defeat and death at the Battle of Florvåg near Askøy, an island just north of Bergen in 1194.
Rising of the Bagler.
In 1197, the most serious challenge to Sverre's kingdom arose. Several prominent opponents of Sverre, including bishop Nikolas Arnesson of Oslo, who was a halfbrother of King Inge Crouchback and archbishop Eirik Ivarsson met at the marketplace of Halör in Skåne, then part of Denmark. They took a boy called Inge Magnusson, purported son of King Magnus Erlingsson as their figurehead-king. Their party was called the Bagler, from an old Norse word meaning crosier. The war between the Bagler, with the open support of the Church, and the birkebeiner, was to last for the rest of Sverre's reign. They were not able to depose Sverre, but neither was he able to win a decisive victory against them. When Sverre died from disease, in Bergen in 1202, he was the first king of Norway to die of natural causes since King Sigurd the Crusader in 1130. His last act was to advise his son and heir, Håkon Sverresson, to achieve a settlement with the Church. Håkon was taken to be the Birkbeiner's new king, and the bishops returned to Norway later the same year, releasing the country from the interdict. Deprived of most of his support, the Bagler King Inge was killed the same year.
The Second Bagler war and the Settlement of Kvitsøy.
Håkon Sverresson appeared to have pacified the whole country, but died suddenly in 1204. His successor was the infant Guttorm, who died himself later the same year. The Birkebeiner knew of no other direct descendants of King Sverre, and chose one of his nephews, Inge Bårdson as their new king. By then, a revived Bagler party had formed in Denmark, taking another son of King Magnus Erlingsson, Erling Stonewall as their king. Helped by King Valdemar II of Denmark, they launched an invasion of Norway in 1204, taking control of the Oslofjord-area. This second Bagler war lasted until 1208. When Erling Stonewall fell ill and died in 1207, he was succeeded as Bagler king by Philippus Simonsson, a nephew of King Inge Crouchback and bishop Nikolas of Oslo, and the war continued uninterrupted. The Bagler were strongest in the Oslofjord-area, while Trøndelag was a stronghold of the Birkebeiner, but battles and ambushes took place throughout the country. In the end, the bishops were able to negotiate a settlement between the two sides, confirmed at a meeting at Kvitsøy in 1208. The Bagler king Philippus was to remain in control of eastern Norway, but renounce the title of king, leaving the Birkebeiner King Inge nominally sole ruler of the country. In the event, Philippus continued to style himself king until his death, but peace between the Bagler and Birkebeiner was still preserved until 1217.
Reconciliation between Bagler and Birkebeiner.
In 1217, King Inge Bårdsson died. The Birkebeiner, nervous of being left without a leader in case of a Bagler attack, chose the 13-year-old Håkon Håkonsson as their new king, while the jarl Skule Bårdsson was made leader of the army. Håkon Håkonsson was a posthumously born son of Håkon Sverresson, of whom the Birkebeiner had not been aware when electing Inge their king in 1204 - he had arrived at King Inge's court in 1206. Skule was the brother of King Inge, and had designs on the throne for himself, however, he contented himself for the time being with leadership of the army, which made him, "de facto", the most powerful man of the kingdom. When the Bagler king Philippus died later the same year, Skule moved quickly. He managed to persuade the Bagler not to elect a new king of their own. Instead, they officially dissolved their party, and swore fealty to Håkon Håkonsson, thus reuniting the kingdom. Discontented elements remained, and a revolt in eastern Norway, led by a son of Erling Stonewall, called Sigurd Ribbung, dragged on until 1227. After Sigurd died a natural death, the rest of his party gave up their revolt. 1227 is sometimes considered the end of the civil war era, but most often, the term is extended to include the revolt of Skule Bårdsson in 1239-40.
The election of Håkon as king in 1217 seems to have been considered something of a temporary solution, until a permanent arrangement could be reached, and Skule undoubtedly hoped that he would soon take over the throne. At a gathering of all the most important men of the kingdom in Bergen in 1223, Skule launched his candidacy to the throne of Norway in opposition to Håkon, along with Sigurd Ribbung and two other pretenders. However, the meeting ended with Håkon being confirmed as king of Norway. As Håkon grew up and gradually took the reins of power into his own hands, Skule's position steadily declined. As an attempt at preserving the peace between the two, Håkon married Skule's daughter Margaret in 1225. In 1237 Skule was given the title of duke ("hertogi"), the first time the title was used in Norway. This was not sufficient to placate him, and in 1239 he had himself declared king of Norway and launched a war against King Håkon. His revolt was unsuccessful, and in 1240 he was killed by King Håkon's men after seeking refuge in a monastery in Nidaros. The civil war era was at an end.
Views on the civil wars.
Contemporary views.
Civil wars and internal strife in royal families was a common occurrence in the Middle Ages, in Norway as well as in other countries of Europe. However, there are examples that contemporary people also viewed the period as special, different from what had gone before. Theodoricus the monk, who wrote a history of Norway in Latin c. 1180 ended his narrative with the death of King Sigurd the Crusader in 1130 as he considered it: 
Modern views.
Modern historians have put forward many views and explanations of the civil war era. The contemporary sources, the sagas, strongly emphasise the personal nature of the conflicts - wars arose as a result of the struggle between different people for the possession of the throne. The unclear succession laws, and the practice of power-sharing between several kings simultaneously, gave personal conflicts the potential to become full-blown wars. More recently, historian Narve Bjørgo has suggested that the practice of power-sharing was actually a good way of governing the kingdom in the first period after its unification, and that tendencies towards centralisation, and a unitary kingdom, were important factors in triggering the wars. Edvard Bull has also emphasized geographical animosities as a factor, pointing to the fact that different pretenders often found their main support in certain parts of the country. Also important was the involvement of foreign powers: Danish, and to a lesser extent, Swedish kings were always ready to lend their support to factions in the Norwegian wars, with an eye to extending their own influence, particularly in the Viken- (Oslofjord-)area.
A popular explanation in early Norwegian historiography (late 19th, early 20th century), was a conflict between the royal power and the aristocracy (the "lendmenn"). According to this view, by historians such as P.A. Munch, J.E. Sars, and Gustav Storm, the aristocracy saw the king as a tool by which they governed the country. Consequently, they supported weak kings, but were eventually beaten by the strong king Sverre. The same views are expounded concerning the involvement of the Church. These explanations lost credence as it became clear that the lendmenn seemed to be evenly split on different sides, both before and after King Sverre. Even Sverre himself had some of the lendmenn on his side. Knut Helle has emphasised how the Church, after Sverre's death, seems to work hard to bring about reconciliation between warring parties, and stability.
Towards the middle of the 20th century, historical materialism gained much popularity in Norwegian historiography. Its proponents, e.g. Edvard Bull and Andreas Holmsen, sought to explain the civil wars on a social and economic basis. They assumed that Norwegian society became more stratified in the 12th century, with large groups of previously self-owning farmers sinking to the status of tenant-farmers, while the lendmenn and the Church amassed great land-holdings. This created conflicts which found an outlet in the civil wars. There is also an assumption that certain regions, such as Trøndelag and inner parts of eastern Norway, were more egalitarian and therefore opposed the more stratified regions of the country. These attempts to introduce a form of class struggle-explanation to the conflicts have lost ground more recently, as they seem to have little foundation in the sources. It has not been possible to show empirically that an increased stratification of society in fact took place at all in this period. Recent studies seem to indicate that this indeed was not the case. Knut Helle emphasises the steady strengthening of royal power, throughout the civil war era. When the period ended, the concept of a unitary kingdom (as opposed to power-sharing) had been accepted, the beginnings of a centralised administration had appeared, and the king's power had increased so that a strong king would be able to contain social and geographical splits without them leading to open war. In this perspective, the civil wars can be seen as the final phase in the unification of Norway into one kingdom.
Sources to the Civil War Era.
Our main sources to the events of the civil war era are the kings' sagas. "Heimskringla", "Fagrskinna" and "Morkinskinna" all describe the period up to the year 1177, although the parts of Morkinskinna that are preserved only extend to 1157. These three sagas were written c. 1220-1230, and in using them as historical sources, it has to be remembered that they were thus written a fair amount of time after the events they describe. However, they are likely to have been based on earlier works, in particular the saga Hryggjarstykki, written c. 1150, which is lost to us, but was available to the authors of the three aforementioned sagas. The brief Ágrip also describes the civil war era, but has only been preserved up to the events of c. 1136. The period 1177 to 1240 (and beyond) is treated in detail in contemporaneous sagas: Sverris saga (from 1177 to 1202) the Bagler sagas (1202 to 1217) and Håkon Håkonsson's saga (1217 to 1263). These sagas were written very shortly after the events they describe. However, as they don't overlap, we are given only one version of events (with the partial exception of the Bagler Sagas, which exist in two versions for the period 1202 to 1209), and this version tends to be from the viewpoint of the main character of the saga. From the later part of the period, fragments of documentation start to appear. The oldest Norwegian royal letter which is preserved was made out by Philippus the bagler king. Also, a couple of runic inscriptions written by central figures survive: A rune letter, probably written by King Sverre's son, Sigurd Lavard c. 1200 has been found during excavations in Bergen, and an inscription by Magnus Erlingsson's brother, Sigurd jarlsson, dated 18 June 1194, has been preserved from a portal of the now dismantled Vinje stave church.
List of kings and pretenders during the civil war era.
Pretenders who had themselves named king, but are not counted in the official line of kings[http://www.kongehuset.no] are written in "italics".

</doc>
<doc id="5917369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917369" title="Zuzana Chalupová">
Zuzana Chalupová

Zuzana Chalupová (; 1925–2001) was a Serbian naïve painter of Slovak origin, who was born and lived her whole life in the town of Kovačica, Serbia. Her colourful naive-style paintings recall children's works and fairy-tale illustrations. She typically painted children, so she was called "Mama Zuzana with a thousand children". Her creative legacy consists of more than 1,000 paintings.
Biography.
Chalupová finished only five grades of elementary school. In the 1950s she began making scarves, shirts, and tapestries with traditional motifs. After earning some money from selling tapestries, she bought oil paint and started painting on canvas. She painted her first oil on canvas painting named "Mlaćenje konoplja" ("Hemp Beating") in 1964. She enjoyed imminent success. She exhibited her paintings in the Museum of Naive Arts in Svetozarevo and in Kovačica during the "Kovačički oktobar" festival. Her first solo exhibition was in 1968 in Dubrovnik where all of the paintings were bought by foreign collectors.
Though she never had children of her own, the most frequent motif in Chalupová's paintings were children. Even adults (some with moustaches) look like children in her paintings. Her other frequent motifs are winter, Kovačica church, and biblical themes.
Chalupová made many paintings for charity purposes. She painted a monumental painting for the International Committee of the Red Cross depicting children with the members of the Red Cross. In 1978, she made a painting named "Zaštitimo spomenike kulture" ("Let's Protect the Cultural Heritage!") for the Institute for the Protection of Cultural Monuments of Serbia. The painting depicts Gračanica monastery, statue of Pobednik, Serbian Orthodox priests with children in Slovak traditional costumes and God watching all this from the skies. In 1974, Chalupová made a painting for the UNICEF headquarters named "Children of the UN", full of symbols: It depicts the Earth, UNICEF headquarters, and the Statue of Liberty surrounded by children and angels with olive branches. The same year, her painting "Zima" ("Winter") was printed by UNICEF Christmas card program in two million copies.
Many of her paintings are on permanent display in Kovačica's Gallery of Naive Art. For her achievements, Matica slovenská decorated Chalupová with the order of Cyril and Methodius.

</doc>
<doc id="5917374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917374" title="Peter Jaffrey Wheatley">
Peter Jaffrey Wheatley

Peter Jaffrey Wheatley (1921 in Cheshire – 12 May 1997) was a British chemist, who published over 100 papers and 5 books on physical chemistry, crystallography and structural chemistry.
Early years.
Wheatley was born in 1921. He was educated at King Edward VII School (photo) in Sheffield, where he was Head Prefect in 1938/1940, Captain of cricket for 2 years and 1st XI footballer for 4; and The Queen's College, Oxford, where he obtained a First in Chemistry, followed by a D.Phil as a Junior Research Fellow at Merton, working with Jack Linnett.

</doc>
<doc id="5917375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917375" title="Slaton Independent School District">
Slaton Independent School District

Slaton Independent School District is a public school district based in Slaton, Texas (USA).
In addition to Slaton, the district serves students in rural southeastern Lubbock County and parts of Ransom Canyon. A small portion of extreme northeastern Lynn County lies within the district.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5917384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917384" title="Idalou Independent School District">
Idalou Independent School District

Idalou Independent School District is a public school district based in Idalou, Texas (United States) that serves students in northeastern Lubbock County.
Idalou ISD has three schools, all of which share a single campus – Idalou High (Grades 9-12), Idalou Middle (Grades 5-8), and Idalou Elementary (Grades PK-4).
The mascot of all three schools is the Wildcat. Many students at the Idalou High school are very successful, being the first school in AA history to win a football and basketball state championship in the same year. Other Athletic Programs include: track, baseball, golf, softball, band, and of course the WORLD FAMOUS TENNIS TEAM, led by Mrs. Coach Reid. Idalou is also very successful academically. In 2012 the UIL spelling team, lead by Sherry Bigham, won the state championship. This past year, in 2012-2013 UIL competition, Idalou took home the gold at the district meet scoring 600+ points over all with the nearest competitor at barely 200 points. As shown above Idalou is the town it is because of its leadership, a lot of which comes from the strong agricultural programs put in place at Idalou. Lead by Fud and Mr.Collins, Idalou's FFA program is one of, if not the strongest FFA chapter in the state of Texas. With the help of these two teachers, Idalou is home to the Lubbock District president, Jacob Howle, and the Area 1 Association President Keenan Schilling. Success in Idalou is always prevalent which is why the school and town have constantly been growing for decades now. If you really want to learn more about Idalou, visit the very well organized website: idalouisd.net 
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5917389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917389" title="Trixis">
Trixis

Trixis is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae. Members of the genus are commonly known as threefolds due to the outer lip of the corolla. The generic name is derived from τριχος ("trixos"), the Greek word for threefold.

</doc>
<doc id="5917397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917397" title="Viridian (disambiguation)">
Viridian (disambiguation)

Viridian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917400" title="Steve Blame">
Steve Blame

Steve Blame (born in 1959 in Chelmsford, England) was MTV News Editor and Presenter between 1987 and 1994.
During his time at MTV he interviewed all major pop stars of that era. As the main on-air presenter spearheading MTV's pro-social campaigns Blame would also bring world leaders and religious figures to MTV. Public figure like Mikhail Gorbachev, Jacques Delors, Shimon Peres and the Dalai Lama would be asked to comment by Blame on the issues of the day. In this function, he also commented on an MTV campaign trying to get young people to vote.
After leaving MTV in 1994, the former Mathematics and Physics graduate took up residence in Germany where he set up VIVA Zwei. Under his direction the channel won the Gold Art Director's Award for its on-air design in 1996. Today Blame is an international screenwriter and TV format developer based in Cologne. His latest format 'Where is the Money' co-created with Eyeworks and 2STV was nominated for the Rose d'or award in 2005. It has run in the Netherlands and Spain.
His autobiography was published in 2010.
Television presenter.
MTV News (1987-1994).
Presented MTV News Bulletins from the MTV studios in Camden and also on location around Europe.
MTV News at Night; 1987–1994
Presented the daily news show. Location reports exploring local music scenes from Germany, U.K., France, Italy Spain, Russia, Netherlands, Switzerland, Serbia, Belgium, Turkey, Monaco, Sweden, Austria, Norway, Denmark, Greece, Ireland, Finland, South Africa, Iceland, and Israel.
MTV's Pro-Social Campaigns (1992 - 1994).
Vote Europe: Live shows urging Europe's youth to vote in the European Elections. Interviews included Jacques Delors, Gorbachev, Dalai Lama, Shimon Peres and Gro Harlem Brundtland.
[http://www.iht.com/articles/1994/05/30/lonbook_2.php]
MTV Free Your Mind 1992
Live debate about the problem of racism in Europe with studio guests (Campino and Jean Paul Gaultier amongst others). Filmed interviews included Wolfgang Schauble and Peter Hain MP.
MTV World Aids Day 1987-1994
He spearheaded MTV's Aids Awareness campaigns on World Aids Day.
Take the Blame - 1988
Weekly six part chat show with co-host Leigh Bowery. Guests included Jackie Collins, The Communards, Boy George, Adam West (Batman), Nina Hagen, Lenny Henry, Leo Sayer, Jean Michel Jarre and Dolph Lundgren amongst others. The show contained sketches remaking famous movie scenes e.g. Casablanca, Superman and The Sound of Music. Was probably the campest show ever shown on MTV.
MTV's U.S. Video Music Awards (European version)
Backstage host from MTV's Video Music Awards from the States. Interviews included Nirvana, Aerosmith, Mick Jagger, Whitney Houston, Annie Lennox, Lenny Kravitz etc.
Reverb - 1988
Weekly review show co-presented by Chris Salewicz. This six part series was replaced by Take the Blame.
Madonna in Milan etc.
Interview specials: Madonna in Milan, Boy George, Sinéad O'Connor, McCartney and many more.
Viva 2 (1994-1996).
Presenter of Geschmacksache – a weekly format on Viva 2 where artists choose the videos which have inspired them the most in their careers.
Program Director/Executive Producer.
Viva 2 1994-1996: Program Director, responsible for the building of Viva 2 in Cologne.
Tango TV (2002): Program Director, responsible for launch of Music Channel in Luxembourg.
TV appearances.
Pro 7; TV Total. Guest on show. TV Total
RTL Explosiv. Fronted alternative view features for RTL Saturday evening show incl. The Royal Wedding, The German Test and the Cannes Film Festival.
RTL II: 90s; Pop Sünde (Pop Sins) & 90s; The Pop Years. Appearance on German terrestrial network RTL2
Anniversary appearance on MTV Germany to celebrate 23 years of MTV.
Also released on DVD 
VOX: Kochduell: Appearance on daytime cook show celebrity version.
PRO 7: Charlotte Roche Show: Cameo role in spoof documentary on 'pop star` Dick Brave.
MTV Europe: 20 years of MTV Special, 2001.
ITV - Simply The Best – a music documentary about Tina Turner, 1992.
Book contributions.
Sue Tilly's "Leigh Bowery: The Life and Times of an Icon" (Hodder & Stoughton)
Article on Music Television for "Buch der Musikwirtschaft" (Moser/Scheuermann, Josef Keller Verlag)
Acting.
"30:e November", Swedish anti-racist movie Directed by Daniel Fridell. Plays himself.
Formats.
Co-developed with Stefan Grebe and Eyeworks 'Where is the Money?'. Nominated for Rose D'or award in 2005.
'This Song’s For You' for arte, 60 min. Documentary 1999
produced by Rudolf Runge, runge.tv Gmbh, Cologne Germany
Performance.
With Christian Werner, Andreas Paul, Peter Pardeike & Prof. Robert Rose. Museum für Angewandte Kunst during electronic music festival co-pop in Köln, August 2005
Kölner Filmhaus, December 2004
Discography.
Give Me Your Love (Je T'aime) 1993 with La Camilla of Army of Lovers.

</doc>
<doc id="5917402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917402" title="Smyer Independent School District">
Smyer Independent School District

Smyer Independent School District is a public school district based in Smyer, Texas (USA) that serves students in east central Hockley County. There are two schools in the district – Smyer Secondary (Grades 7-12) and Smyer Elementary (Grades (PK-6).
The mascot for both schools is the Bobcats for the boy teams, and the Ladycats for the girl's teams. 
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5917404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917404" title="Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park">
Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park

Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park is an IUCN Category II National Park situated in the Pyrenees of Huesca province, Aragon, Spain. There has been a National Park in the Ordesa Valley since 1918. Its protected area was enlarged in 1982 to cover the whole region amounting to 156.08 km².
It has been included since 1997 by UNESCO in the Biosphere Reserve of Ordesa-Viñamala. In the same year it was included in the cross-border Pyrénées - Mont Perdu World Heritage Site.
The park's territory includes the municipalities of Torla, Broto, Fanlo, Tella-Sin, Puértolas, and Bielsa.
Flora.
At elevations up to 1,500-1,700 meters, there are extensive forests of beeches ("Fagus sylvatica"), "Abies alba", pines ("Pinus sylvestris"), oaks ("Quercus subpyrenaica"), and a lesser extent of birches ("Betula pendula"), ashes ("Fraxinus excelsior"), willows ("Salix angustifolia"). At higher elevations up to 2,000 m, the mountain pine ("Pinus uncinata") dominates. Up to 1,800 m, bushes of boxwood ("Buxus sempervirens") are found. In the high meadows from 1,700 to 3,000 meters, there are numerous endemisms including "Borderea pyrenaica", "Campanula cochleariifolia", "Ramonda myconi", "Silene borderei", "Androsace cylindrica", "Pinguicula longifolia", "Petrocoptis crassifolia", etc. The Edelweiss ("Leontopodium alpinum"), is one of the symbols of the National Park.
Fauna.
The most important species of the Park was the "bucardo" or Pyrenean Ibex, which unfortunately became extinct in January 2000 in spite of the preservation efforts. The Pyrenean Chamois is a type of goat. There are other species such as the marmot, boar and the Pyrenean Desman or water-mole ("Galemys pyrenaicus"), and great birds like the golden eagle, the bearded vulture, the griffon vulture, hawks, and the royal owl.
Protected status.
Many illustrious persons have been fond of the places in this region and have expounded their virtues. Luciano Briet, Soler i Santaló and Lucas Mallada helped promote the reputation of the region and obtain protected status for it.
An area of 21 square kilometres containing the Ordesa Valley was declared a National Park on 16 August 1918 by a Royal Decree. On 13 July 1982, it was enlarged to its current 156.08 km² and its official name was changed to "Parque nacional de Ordesa y Monte Perdido".

</doc>
<doc id="5917409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917409" title="New Deal Independent School District">
New Deal Independent School District

New Deal Independent School District is a public school district based in New Deal, Texas (USA).
There are three schools in the district – New Deal High (Grades 9-12), New Deal Middle (Grades 5-8), and New Deal Elementary (Grades PK-4).
The district began in 1917 as the Monroe School District. In 1935, the schools of Monroe, Caldwell, Grovesville, and Center were consolidated into one larger school. As the consolidation occurred during President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's New Deal administration, the combined district (and later the community) adopted the name "New Deal".
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
New Deal's current Superintendent is Steven W. McCray (2011-Current)

</doc>
<doc id="5917416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917416" title="Slatington">
Slatington

Slatington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917420" title="Slayden">
Slayden

Slayden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917426" title="Botnen">
Botnen

Botnen is Norwegian (Nynorsk) for "the bottom"; it commonly refers to the inner end of a fjord system or glacial valley. The name may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5917435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917435" title="Romeu Pellicciari">
Romeu Pellicciari

Romeu Pellicciari, also known as Romeu (born in Jundiai, March 26, 1911 – died in São Paulo, July 15, 1971) was an association footballer in striker role.
By Italian origins, during his career (1928–1944) he played for União São João, Palmeiras, Fluminense and Comercial-Ribeirão Preto, and won four São Paulo State Championship (1932, 1933, 1934 and 1942), five Rio de Janeiro State Championship (1936, 1937, 1938, 1940 and 1941), one Rio São Paulo Tournament in 1933 and won top goalscorer São Paulo State Championship in 1934. For Brazilian team who have participated at 1938 FIFA World Cup placed at third place, played four matches and scored three goals. With Leônidas, Domingos and José Perácio, forming one of the most valuable four-striker team of the 1930s. He died at 60 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="5917437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917437" title="Parallel Cinema">
Parallel Cinema

Parallel Cinema is a film movement in Indian cinema that originated in the state of Bengal in the 1950s as an alternative to the mainstream commercial Indian cinema, represented especially by popular Hindi cinema, known today as Bollywood. Inspired by Italian Neorealism, Parallel Cinema began just before the French New Wave and Japanese New Wave, and was precursor to the "Indian New Wave" of the 1960s. The movement was initially led by Bengali cinema and produced internationally acclaimed filmmakers such as Satyajit Ray, Mrinal Sen, Ritwik Ghatak, Tapan Sinha and others. It later gained prominence in other film industries of India. It is known for its serious content, realism and naturalism, with a keen eye on the sociopolitical climate of the times, and for the rejection of the dance-and-song numbers that are typical of mainstream commercial cinema.
History.
Origins.
Realism in Indian cinema dates back to the 1920s and 1930s. One of the earliest examples was V. Shantaram's 1925 silent film classic "Sawkari Pash" ("Indian Shylock"), about a poor peasant (portrayed by Shantaram) who "loses his land to a greedy moneylender and is forced to migrate to the city to become a mill worker. Acclaimed as a realistic breakthrough, its shot of a howling dog near a hut, has become a milestone in the march of Indian cinema." The 1937 Shantaram film "Duniya Na Mane" ("The Unaccepted") also critiqued the treatment of women in Indian society.
Early years.
The Parallel Cinema movement began to take shape from the late 1940s to the 1960s, by pioneers such as Satyajit Ray, Ritwik Ghatak, Bimal Roy, Mrinal Sen, Tapan Sinha, Khwaja Ahmad Abbas, Chetan Anand, Guru Dutt and V. Shantaram. This period is considered part of the 'Golden Age' of Indian cinema.
This cinema borrowed heavily from the Indian literature of the times, hence became an important study of the contemporary Indian society, and is now used by scholars and historians alike to map the changing demographics and socio-economic as well as political temperament of the Indian populace. Right from its inception, Indian cinema has had people who wanted to and did use the medium for more than entertainment. They used it to highlight prevalent issues and sometimes to throw open new issues for the public. An early example was Chetan Anand's "Neecha Nagar" (1946), a social realist film that won the Grand Prize at the first Cannes Film Festival. Since then, Indian independent films were frequently in competition for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival throughout the 1950s and early 1960s, with some of them winning major prizes at the festival.
During the 1950s and the 1960s, intellectual filmmakers and story writers became frustrated with musical films. To counter this, they created a genre of films which depicted reality from an artful perspective. Most films made during this period were funded by state governments to promote an authentic art genre from the Indian film fraternity. The most famous Indian "neo-realist" was the Bengali film director Satyajit Ray, followed by Shyam Benegal, Mrinal Sen, Adoor Gopalakrishnan, G. Aravindan and Girish Kasaravalli. Ray's most famous films were "Pather Panchali" (1955), "Aparajito" (1956) and "The World of Apu" (1959), which formed "The Apu Trilogy". Produced on a shoestring budget of Rs. 150,000 ($3000), the three films won major prizes at the Cannes, Berlin and Venice Film Festivals, and are today frequently listed among the greatest films of all time.
Certain art films have also garnered commercial success, in an industry known for its surrealism or 'fantastical' movies, and successfully combined features of both art and commercial cinema. An early example of this was Bimal Roy's "Do Bigha Zamin" (1953), which was both a commercial and critical success. The film won the International Prize at the 1954 Cannes Film Festival and paved the way for the Indian New Wave. Hrishikesh Mukherjee, one of Hindi cinema's most successful filmmakers, was named the pioneer of 'middle cinema', and was renowned for making films that reflected the changing middle-class ethos. According to Encyclopædia Britannica, Mukherjee "carved a middle path between the extravagance of mainstream cinema and the stark realism of art cinema". Renowned Filmmaker Basu Chatterjee also built his plots on middle-class lives and directed films like Piya Ka Ghar, Rajnigandha and Ek Ruka Hua Faisla. Another filmmaker to integrate art and commercial cinema was Guru Dutt, whose film "Pyaasa" (1957) featured in Time magazine's "All-TIME" 100 best movies list.
In the 1960s, the Indian government began financing independent art films based on Indian themes. Many of the directors were graduates of the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), in Pune. The Bengali film director Ritwik Ghatak was a professor at the institute and a well-known director. Unlike Ray, however, Ghatak did not gain international fame during his lifetime. For example, Ghatak's "Nagarik" (1952) was perhaps the earliest example of a Bengali art film, preceding Ray's "Pather Panchali" by three years, but was not released until after his death in 1977. His first commercial release "Ajantrik" (1958) was also one of the earliest films to portray an inanimate object, in this case an automobile, as a character in the story, many years before the Herbie films. The protagonist of "Ajantrik", Bimal, can also be seen as an influence on the cynical cab driver Narasingh (played by Soumitra Chatterjee) in Satyajit Ray's "Abhijan" (1962).
Kannada Cinema saw its first ray of hope of surrealism in N Lakshminarayan's directorial debut Naandi(1964). Featuring mainstream actors like Rajkumar, Kalpana and Harini the movie was both a critical and commercial success. The film, produced by Vadiraj, set a landmark by being the first ever Kannada film to screen at an International film festival. The movement gained significant momentum in the 1970s and 1980s resulting in numerous national awards and international recognitions to Kannada Cinema. 
Growth.
During the 1970s and the 1980s, parallel cinema entered into the limelight of Hindi cinema to a much wider extent. This was led by such directors as Gulzar, Shyam Benegal, Mani Kaul, Rajinder Singh Bedi, Kantilal Rathod and Saeed Akhtar Mirza, and later on Mahesh Bhatt and Govind Nihalani, becoming the main directors of this period's Indian art cinema. Mani Kaul's first several films "Uski Roti" (1971), "Ashadh Ka Ek Din" (1972), "Duvidha" (1974), and were critically appreciated and held to high esteem in the international spotlight. Benegal's directorial debut, "Ankur" (Seeding, 1974) was a major critical success, and was followed by numerous works that created another field in the movement. Kumar Shahani, a student of Ritwik Ghatak, released his first feature "Maya Darpan" (1972) which became a landmark film of Indian art cinema. These filmmakers tried to promote realism in their own different styles, though many of them often accepted certain conventions of popular cinema. Parallel cinema of this time gave careers to a whole new breed of young actors, including Shabana Azmi, Smita Patil, Amol Palekar, Om Puri, Naseeruddin Shah, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Pankaj Kapoor, Deepti Naval, Farooq Shaikh, and even actors from commercial cinema like Rekha and Hema Malini ventured into art cinema.
Adoor Gopalakrishnan extended the Indian New Wave to Malayalam cinema with his film "Swayamvaram" in 1972. Long after the Golden Age of Indian cinema, Malayalam cinema experienced its own 'Golden Age' in the 1980s and early 1990s. Some of the most acclaimed Indian filmmakers at the time were from the Malayalam industry, including Adoor Gopalakrishnan, G. Aravindan, John Abraham, Padmarajan, Bharathan, T. V. Chandran and Shaji N. Karun. Gopalakrishnan, who is often considered to be Satyajit Ray's spiritual heir, directed some of his most acclaimed films during this period, including "Elippathayam" (1981) which won the Sutherland Trophy at the London Film Festival, as well as "Mathilukal" (1989) which won major prizes at the Venice Film Festival. Shaji N. Karun's debut film "Piravi" (1989) won the Camera d'Or at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival, while his second film "Swaham" (1994) was in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival. His third film "Vanaprastham" (1999) was also selected to Cannes Film Festival, making him the only Indian film maker who could take consecutively three films to Cannes. During the domination of commercial cinema in Telugu, Pattabhirami Reddy, K. N. T. Sastry, B. Narsing Rao, and Akkineni Kutumba Rao pioneered Telugu Parallel cinema to international recognition.
Girish Kasaravalli, Girish Karnad and B. V. Karanth led the way for parallel cinema in the Kannada film industry. Many literary stalwarts entered or collaborated with cinema in this period. Some of the other notable filmmakers of this period were P. Lankesh, G V Iyer, MS Sathyu who were later followed by T S Nagabharana, Baraguru Ramachandrappa, Shankar Nag, Chandrashekhara Kambara in the 1980s. Actors like Lokesh, Maanu, Anant Nag, LV Sharada, Vasudeva Rao, Suresh Heblikar, Vaishali Kasaravalli, Arundhati Nag and others rose to fame. 
Bhabendra Nath Saikia and Jahnu Barua did it for Assamese Cinema, while J. Mahendran, Balu Mahendra, Mani Ratnam and Bala have done the same for Tamil cinema, and Aribam Syam Sharma pioneered Parallel Movies in Manipuri Cinema.
Decline.
By the early 1990s, the rising costs involved in film production and the commercialisation of the films had a negative impact on the art films. The fact that investment returns cannot be guaranteed made art films less popular amongst filmmakers. Underworld financing, political and economic turmoil, television and piracy proved to be fatal threat to parallel cinema, as it declined.
Other major reasons for decline.
One of the major reasons for the decline of the parallel cinema in India is that the F.F.C. or the National Film Development Corporation of India did not seriously look into the distribution or exhibition of these films. The mainstream exhibition system did not pick up these films because these films did not have the so-called 'entertainment value' that they were looking for. There was a talk of building small theatres for such film, but there was no serious attempt made to realise this alternative mode of exhibition. Thus, it left to a few Film Societies to screen these film; that too on a single screening basis. The advent of television and its popularity saw the film society movement decline. Gradually, the government reduced the patronage of such films, for they had only unseen films to be shown on their balance sheets.
The "Parallel Cinema" in its true sense was always on the fringes of the mainstream cinema. Since most of the parallel cinema rejected the regressive worldview that was largely embodied the mainstream cinema they never found acceptance in the mainstream production, distribution and exhibition system. With an absence of an alternative exhibition system or an art house circuit as it is called in the west, many of the off beat films made by present generation film makers like Sushant Mishra, Himanshu Khatua, Ashish Avikunthak, Murali Nair, Amitabh Chakraborty, Paresh Kamdar, Priya Krishnaswamy, Ramchandra PN, Ashwini Mallik, Anand Subramanian, Sanjivan Lal, Amit Dutta, Umesh Vinayak Kulkarni, Gurvinder Singh, Bela Negi have never had a large audience.
Resurgence.
The term "parallel cinema" has started being applied to off-beat films produced in Bollywood, where art films have begun experiencing a resurgence. This led to the emergence of a distinct genre known as "Mumbai noir", urban films reflecting social problems in the city of Mumbai. The introduction of Mumbai noir was marked by Ram Gopal Varma's "Satya" (1998), widely considered to be the best Hindi crime film ever produced.
Other modern examples of art films produced in Bollywood which are classified as part of the parallel cinema genre include Mani Ratnam's "Yuva" (2004), Nagesh Kukunoor's "3 Deewarein" (2003) and "Dor" (2006), Manish Jha's "Matrubhoomi" (2004), Sudhir Mishra's "Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi" (2005), Jahnu Barua's "Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara" (2005), Pan Nalin's "Valley of Flowers" (2006), Onir's "My Brother… Nikhil" (2005) and "Bas Ek Pal" (2006), Anurag Kashyap's "Black Friday "(2007), Vikramaditya Motwane's "Udaan" (2009), Kiran Rao's "Dhobi Ghat" (2010), Amit Dutta's "Sonchidi "(2011), and the latest sensation Anand Gandhi's "Ship of Theseus "(2013).
Independent films spoken in Indian English are also occasionally produced; examples include Revathi's "Mitr, My Friend" (2002), Aparna Sen's "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer" (2002) and "15 Park Avenue" (2006), Homi Adajania's "Being Cyrus" (2006), Rituparno Ghosh's "The Last Lear" (2007), and Sooni Taraporevala's "Little Zizou" (2009).
Other Indian art film directors active today include Buddhadeb Dasgupta, Aparna Sen, Gautam Ghose, Sandip Ray (Satyajit Ray's son), Kaushik Ganguly, Suman Mukhopadhyay and Kamaleshwar Mukherjee in Bengali cinema; Adoor Gopalakrishnan, Shaji N. Karun, T. V. Chandran, M.P. Sukumaran Nair and Dr. Biju in Malayalam cinema; Kumar Shahani, Ketan Mehta, Govind Nihalani, Shyam Benegal, Amit Dutta, Manish Jha, Ashim Ahluwalia, Anand Gandhi, and Deepa Mehta in Hindi Cinema; Mani Ratnam and Bala in Tamil, Rajnesh Domalpalli and Narasimha Nandi in Telugu cinema, Jahnu Barua in Hindi cinema and Assamese Cinema, Amol Palekar and Umesh Vinayak Kulkarni in Marathi Cinema.
Global discourse.
During the formative period of Indian parallel cinema in the 1940s and 1950s, the movement was influenced by Italian cinema and French cinema, particularly by Italian neorealism as well as French poetic realism. Satyajit Ray particularly cited Italian filmmaker Vittorio De Sica's "Bicycle Thieves" (1948) and French filmmaker Jean Renoir's "The River" (1951), which he assisted, as influences on his debut film "Pather Panchali" (1955), alongside influences from Bengali literature and classical Indian theatre. Bimal Roy's "Do Bigha Zamin" (1953) was also influenced by De Sica's "Bicycle Thieves". The Indian New Wave also began around the same time as the French New Wave and the Japanese New Wave.
Ever since Chetan Anand's "Neecha Nagar" won the Grand Prize at the inaugural Cannes Film Festival in 1946, Indian parallel cinema films frequently appeared in international fora and film festivals for the next several decades. This allowed Indian independent filmmakers to reach a global audience. The most influential among them was Satyajit Ray, whose films became successful among European, American and Asian audiences. His work subsequently had a worldwide impact, with filmmakers such as Martin Scorsese, James Ivory, Abbas Kiarostami, Elia Kazan, François Truffaut, Carlos Saura, Isao Takahata and Wes Anderson being influenced by his cinematic style, and many others such as Akira Kurosawa praising his work. The "youthful coming-of-age dramas that have flooded art houses since the mid-fifties owe a tremendous debt to the Apu trilogy" (1955–1959). Ray's film "Kanchenjungha" (1962) introduced a narrative structure that resembles later hyperlink cinema. Ray's 1967 script for a film to be called "The Alien", which was eventually cancelled, is widely believed to have been the inspiration for Steven Spielberg's "E.T." (1982). Ira Sachs' "Forty Shades of Blue" (2005) was a loose remake of "Charulata", and in Gregory Nava's "My Family" (1995), the final scene is duplicated from the final scene of "The World of Apu" (1959). Similar references to Ray films are found in recent works such as "Sacred Evil" (2006), the "Elements trilogy" of Deepa Mehta, and in films of Jean-Luc Godard.
Another prominent filmmaker is Mrinal Sen, whose films have been well known for their Marxist views. During his career, Mrinal Sen’s film have received awards from almost all major film festivals, including Cannes, Berlin, Venice, Moscow, Karlovy Vary, Montreal, Chicago, and Cairo. Retrospectives of his films have been shown in almost all major cities of the world.
Another Bengali independent filmmaker, Ritwik Ghatak, began reaching a global audience long after his death; beginning in the 1990s, a project to restore Ghatak's films was undertaken, and international exhibitions (and subsequent DVD releases) have belatedly generated an increasingly global audience. Alongside Ray's films, Ghatak's films have also appeared in several all-time greatest film polls. A number of Satyajit Ray films appeared in the "Sight & Sound" Critics' Poll, including "The Apu Trilogy" (ranked No. 4 in 1992 if votes are combined), "The Music Room" (ranked No. 27 in 1992), "Charulata" (ranked No. 41 in 1992) and "Days and Nights in the Forest" (ranked No. 81 in 1982). The 2002 "Sight & Sound" critics' and directors' poll also included the Guru Dutt films "Pyaasa" and "Kaagaz Ke Phool" (both tied at #160), and the Ritwik Ghatak films "Meghe Dhaka Tara" (ranked #231) and "Komal Gandhar" (ranked #346). In 1998, the critics' poll conducted by the Asian film magazine "Cinemaya" included "The Apu Trilogy" (ranked No. 1 if votes are combined), Ray's "Charulata" and "The Music Room" (both tied at #11), and Ghatak's "Subarnarekha" (also tied at #11). In 1999, "The Village Voice" top 250 "Best Film of the Century" critics' poll also included "The Apu Trilogy" (ranked No. 5 if votes are combined). "The Apu Trilogy", "Pyaasa" and Mani Ratnam's "Nayagan" were also included in Time magazine's "All-TIME" 100 best movies list in 2005. In 1992, the "Sight & Sound" Critics' Poll ranked Ray at No. 7 in its list of "Top 10 Directors" of all time, while Dutt was ranked No. 73 in the 2002 "Sight & Sound" greatest directors poll.
The cinematographer Subrata Mitra, who made his debut with Ray's "The Apu Trilogy", also had an importance influence on cinematography across the world. One of his most important techniques was bounce lighting, to recreate the effect of daylight on sets. He pioneered the technique while filming "Aparajito" (1956), the second part of "The Apu Trilogy". Some of the experimental techniques which Satyajit Ray pioneered include photo-negative flashbacks and X-ray digressions while filming "Pratidwandi" (1972).

</doc>
<doc id="5917439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917439" title="Botn">
Botn

Botn may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5917450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917450" title="Botn (Sør-Trøndelag)">
Botn (Sør-Trøndelag)

Botn (also called "Rissa-Botn") is an inland fjord in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It flows through a short, small river into the Sundsbukta, a small bay off of the Trondheimsfjord. The village of Årnset lies on the north shore of Botn.
Hydrography and water quality.
The extraordinarily shallow, narrow, and long inlet restrains the water exchange severely. The daily tidal amplitude is in the order of centimetres, about 1/10 of the tidal amplitude of the supplying Trondheimsfjord. The shallow river connecting Botn to the Trondheimsfjord blocks out more than half of the tidal wave, making the moon-phase driven tidal flood height cycles the primal driving force for the internal water level, with an abnormally small neap flood effect (zero has been observed during lowest neap tides and meteorologically suppressed sea level).
In addition, the inlet is connected to a secluded bay sheltered from the strong tidal currents in the main fjord. This leads to accumulation and recycling of the exported surface brackish water, heavily reducing the sea water portion of imported water that can sink in and refresh the deeper waters, thus giving a natural stratification with stagnant (uninhabitable) water below a depth of , and a poisonous rotten bottom water beneath . As another unusual anomaly, this hydrographic blocking of seawater seems to persist in calm periods even in the winter, denying import of the usual winterly bottom water renewal that otherwise is normal in fjords, and leading to a decrease in Botn's deep water oxygen levels during winter.
With a gradually descending bottom slope beneath the inlet, the basin lacks strong internal thresholds (abruptly steepening slopes) that often isolates the deep of fjord basins from imported tidal currents, thus leaving the Botn basin 'hydrodynamically open' (with very weak topographical stratifications). Thus, the annually induced stagnation depth varies with the volume and energy of the tidal instream in the critical time when the spring flood dilutes the incoming water rapidly, and accumulating differences along the current shear creates the stratification. Naturally there is also a bottom water stratification between semi-ventilated deep water (uninhabitable but not rotten) and totally isolated poisonous bottom water.
The long and 'river-like' inlet with streaming water makes ideal growing conditions for seaweed and mussels, which was scraped for use as angling bait up until the end of World War II. Late in the 1970s, increasing agricultural eutrofication and further reduced water exchange from the growing mussel banks in the inlet led Botn to an ecological crisis with surface algal blooms and lifting of very poisonous rotten bottom water. To improve conditions the Rissa municipality has restricted the eutrofication in the drainage area and installed a bubbler facility (like in an aquarium but bigger) at a depth of to distribute more of the water exchange to deeper levels.
The Great Quick Clay Slide of 1978.
On 29 April 1978, a big quick clay slide eradicated several farms on the southeast corner of Botn, killing only one person. Many inhabitants fled from the scene as the edge ate its way inward from the shore. Two local teenagers made a famous 8 mm film of the cracking, sliding, and collapsing of the clay landscape. A high tsunami caused some destruction on the northern shore of Botn.

</doc>
<doc id="5917452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917452" title="Steven Finn (cricketer)">
Steven Finn (cricketer)

Steven Thomas Finn (born 4 April 1989) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler. At the age of 16 he became Middlesex County Cricket Club's youngest ever debutant in first-class cricket. He made his England Test debut in 2010 against Bangladesh.
Early life and domestic cricket.
Finn was educated at Parmiter's School in Garston near Watford. He is a fan of Watford F.C. and a former county basketball player. Finn played locally for Langleybury CC and West Herts CC. He made his first-class debut for Middlesex on 1 June 2005, playing against Cambridge UCCE at Fenner's. He took 1 wicket for 16 runs (1/16) and 1/37 and did not bat. He became Middlesex's youngest debutant, beating the record set by 16-year-old Fred Titmus in 1949.
International career.
Youngest Englishman to 50 Test wickets.
Finn toured South Africa with the England Under-16 squad in 2005. He played in two Under-19 Test matches and three Under-19 ODIs against the Indian side that toured England in 2006, and in seven Under-19 ODIs in Malaysia in early 2007.
In February and March 2010, he was part of the England Lions team to tour the United Arab Emirates, earning selection with a solid 2009 season of 53 wickets at 30.64. He impressed the selectors, and was short-listed for the 2009 World Twenty20 though was not picked for the final team. When the senior squad's bowling attack was restricted by injury at the beginning of the 2010 Bangladesh tour, he was flown in as bowling cover. He played a tour match the day after arriving, and took three wickets in some economical spells of bowling across the two innings, and subsequently leapfrogged Liam Plunkett and Ajmal Shahzad to be picked for the first Test match on 12 March 2010. He was aged just 20, and became the 647th man to play Test cricket for England.
He played in both Test matches, which England won by 181 runs and 10 wickets respectively. His first wicket was Bangladeshi batsman Shahadat Hossain, who was caught by Paul Collingwood, and proceeded to take one wicket in each of the four Bangladeshi innings. A double declaration by England in the first Test meant that he wasn't required to bat until the second Test where he finished unbeaten on 0 from 10 balls.
After an impressive start to the County season, including a 14-wicket match haul, he was chosen again to face Bangladesh, this time in England. In the first match at Lord's, his home debut, he took a 5-wicket-haul in the second innings as England won by eight wickets, finishing with nine wickets in the match. In doing so was compared to Angus Fraser and Glenn McGrath by many media pundits, although he also worried them by frequently falling over in his follow-through. Nevertheless he went on to Old Trafford to take a second five-for, being named Player of the Series in his debutante international home season.
Finn was not selected for the ODI series against Australia and Bangladesh, but returned for the Test series against Pakistan. Finn was quietly effective; though he did not bowl as much as fellow pace-bowlers James Anderson and Stuart Broad, he picked up 13 wickets at an average of 22.92. Finn was also part of a useful 49-run unbeaten last-wicket partnership with Matt Prior in the first Test, which enabled Prior to reach a century despite only having 63 runs when Finn came to the crease. England won the series 3-1, though the series ended amid newspaper allegations of spot-fixing involving several members of the Pakistan team.
Finn's performances during the summer saw him selected for England's squad for the 2010-11 Ashes series and he won the Best Emerging Player award at the 2010 ICC Awards. Chosen for the first Test at The Gabba in Brisbane, Finn took his first Ashes wicket catching Simon Katich off his own bowling. He later took the wickets of several of the Australian tail to finish with Test-best figures of 6-125, his third five wicket haul in only his ninth Test. He took a further 8 wickets in the next two Tests, as England won in Adelaide before Australia squared the series at Perth. Despite being the leading wicket taker in the series for either side after 3 Tests, Finn was rested for the fourth Test, which England won. His replacement, Tim Bresnan, impressed in the fourth Test and kept his place for the fifth Test as England won both games by an innings to record a 3-1 victory – their first in Australia for 24 years. Finn finished with 14 wickets at an average of 33.14. Although he wasn't initially included in the limited overs squads, he was added as cover for the rested James Anderson for the two Twenty20 internationals and the first three ODI matches. On 30 January 2011 he made his ODI debut taking 1/61 off his 10 overs and scoring 35 runs as number 11 with a late flurry at the end of England's innings in a partnership of 53 with James Anderson.
Having been dropped from the Test side during the Ashes, Finn faced competition from fast bowlers such as Bresnan and Shahzad to break into the team. When Sri Lanka toured in May Finn was included in the Test squad, though missed out on selection for the first match. An injury to James Anderson opened up a gap in England's bowling attack and Finn was chosen as his replacement. England's fast bowlers struggled to dismiss Sri Lanka, but Finn took 4/108 and in the process became the youngest player to reach 50 Test wickets for England. Anderson returned to fitness in time for the next Test and Finn was dropped to make room for him. Finn was subsequently dropped from the Test squad to face India in July in favour of Tim Bresnan but recalled as cover for the injured Chris Tremlett ahead of the third Test, though he did not play. Towards the end of the season, Finn's bowling was frequently reaching . He played three ODIs during England's 2011 home season, taking four wickets.
When England toured India in October for five ODIs, senior fast bowlers James Anderson and Stuart Broad were absent, rested and injured respectively. Finn was included in the squad. Finn finished as England's leading wicket-taker in the series with 8 dismissals at an average of 31.62. Commenting on Finn's performance in the series, which England lost 5–0, coach Andy Flower said "Coming into the series he wasn't a first-choice limited-overs cricketer for us. But he has been the outstanding bowler in our side." After the tour Finn exploited a gap in England's international schedule to join Otago to gain experience.
Bowling style.
Writing in 2012 during England's tour of the UAE where they faced Pakistan, George Dobell wrote of Finn
Prior to 2013, Finn had a frequent habit of knocking over the non-striker's stumps with his knee during his delivery. This ultimately caused controversy during the 2012 South Africa tour of England: after the South African batsmen complained of being distracted, the umpire decided to use a provision within the Laws to call a dead ball whenever Finn broke the stumps – with the first such call negating a wicket-taking delivery. In 2013, Finn changed his run-up to correct the problem; and, the ICC introduced a new law to declare a delivery a no ball, rather than a dead ball, if the non-striker's wicket is broken in the act of delivery – a regulation now commonly known as "Finn's Law".

</doc>
<doc id="5917456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917456" title="Northern Patrol">
Northern Patrol

The Northern Patrol was a Royal Navy operation of the First World War operating around Scotland and the North Sea.
The Patrol existed to form part of the British "distant" blockade of Germany. It was to prevent German warships passing from the North Sea into the Atlantic Ocean and to check merchant ships were not carrying trade with Germany.
The units of the Northern Patrol were the 10th Cruiser Squadron later supplanted by armed merchant cruisers which had better sea-keeping.

</doc>
<doc id="5917461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917461" title="Art Binkowski">
Art Binkowski

Artur "Art" Binkowski (; born February 19, 1975 in Bielawa) is a Polish-born Canadian heavyweight boxer who competed for his adopted country Canada at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
Background.
Binkowski came to Canada from Poland at the age of 13. He studied psychology at the University of Waterloo.
Amateur career.
Binkowski was Ontario amateur heavyweight champion for 6 years. He took part in the Olympics 2000 at superheavyweight. There he was defeated in the quarterfinals by Uzbekistan's Rustam Saidov.
Professional career.
Nicknamed "The Polish Warrior", the resident of Mississauga, Ontario made his debut as a professional on November 23, 2001 in Southfield, Michigan against Michael Moncrief of the United States.
In 2005 Binkowski lost to a lightly regarded countryman Patrice L'Heureux.
Although Binkowski sported the better record, he came in as an underdog against hard-hitting American amateur star Rafael Butler on ShoBox in April 2007. He hit the deck three times in the first round but scored a stunning come-from-behind TKO in the final round of their bout.
Binkowski was crushed in a 2nd round TKO loss to Mike Mollo in October 2007.
On 19 October 2013, Binkowski was defeated by Krzysztof Zimnoch in Poland, Wieliczka.
Outside the Ring.
He also played the boxer John 'Corn' Griffin in the movie "Cinderella Man", starring Russell Crowe.

</doc>
<doc id="5917469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917469" title="18th Genie Awards">
18th Genie Awards

The 18th Genie Awards were held in 1997.
Nominees and winners.
The Genie Award winner in each category is shown in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="5917482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917482" title="Harry Potter influences and analogues">
Harry Potter influences and analogues

Writer J. K. Rowling cites several writers as influences in her creation of her bestselling "Harry Potter" series. Writers, journalists and critics have noted that the books also have a number of analogues; a wide range of literature, both classical and modern, which Rowling has not openly cited as influences.
This article is divided into three sections. The first section lists those authors and books which Rowling has suggested as possible influences on "Harry Potter". The second section deals with those books which Rowling has cited as favourites without mentioning possible influences. The third section deals with those analogues which Rowling has not cited either as influences or as favourites but which others have claimed bear comparison with "Harry Potter".
Influences.
J.K. Rowling has never openly credited any single author with inspiration, saying, "I haven't got the faintest idea where my ideas come from, or how my imagination works. I'm just grateful that it does, because it gives me more entertainment than it gives anyone else." However, she has mentioned a number of favourite authors as probable influences in her creation of "Harry Potter". The works are listed roughly in order of publication.
British folklore and mythology.
Rowling has said, "I've taken horrible liberties with folklore and mythology, but I'm quite unashamed about that, because British folklore and British mythology is a totally bastard mythology. You know, we've been invaded by people, we've appropriated their gods, we've taken their mythical creatures, and we've soldered them all together to make, what I would say, is one of the richest folklores in the world, because it's so varied. So I feel no compunction about borrowing from that freely, but adding a few things of my own."
"The Iliad".
When an interviewer said that saving Cedric's body resembled the "Iliad" and the actions of Hector, Achilles, and Patroclus, Rowling said, "That's where it came from. That really, really, really moved me when I read that when I was 19. The idea of the desecration of a body, a very ancient idea... I was thinking of that when Harry saved Cedric's body."
The Bible.
A number of commentators have drawn attention to the Biblical themes and references in J. K. Rowling's final "Harry Potter" novel, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows". In an August 2007 issue of "Newsweek", Lisa Miller commented that Harry dies and then comes back to life to save humankind, like Christ. She points out the title of the chapter in which this occurs—"King's Cross"—a possible allusion to Christ's cross. Also, she outlines the scene in which Harry is temporarily dead, pointing out that it places Harry in a very heaven-like setting where he talks to a father figure "whose supernatural powers are accompanied by a profound message of love." Jeffrey Weiss adds, in the "Dallas Morning News", that the biblical quotation "And the last enemy that shall be destroyed is death", (I Corinthians 15:26), featured on the tombstones of Harry's parents, refers to Christ's resurrection. The quotation on Dumbledore's family tomb, "Where your treasure is, your heart will be also", is from Matthew 6:21, and refers to knowing which things in life are of true value.
"They're very British books", Rowling revealed to an Open Book conference in October 2007, "So on a very practical note Harry was going to find biblical quotations on tombstones, I think those two particular quotations he finds on the tombstones at Godric's Hollow, they (...) almost epitomize the whole series."
Aeschylus.
"Deathly Hallows" begins with a pair of epigraphs, one from Quaker leader William Penn's "More Fruits of Solitude" and one from Aeschylus' "The Libation Bearers". "I really enjoyed choosing those two quotations because one is pagan, of course, and one is from a Christian tradition", Rowling said. "I'd known it was going to be those two passages since 'Chamber' was published. I always knew if I could use them at the beginning of book seven then I'd cued up the ending perfectly. If they were relevant, then I went where I needed to go. They just say it all to me, they really do."
"The Pardoner's Tale".
In a July 2007 webchat hosted by her publisher Bloomsbury, Rowling stated that "The Pardoner's Tale" of Geoffrey Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales" was an inspiration for a folktale retold by Xenophilius Lovegood in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows". In the tale, three brothers outwit Death by magicking a bridge to cross a dangerous river. Death, angry at being cheated, offers to give them three gifts, the Deathly Hallows, as a reward for evading him. The first two die as a result of the gifts granted to them, but the third uses his gift wisely and dies in his bed an old man. In "The Pardoner's Tale", three rogues are told that if they look under a tree, they can find a means to defeat Death. Instead they find gold, and, overcome with greed, eventually kill each other to possess it.
"Macbeth".
Rowling has cited Shakespeare's "Macbeth" as an influence. In an interview with The Leaky Cauldron and MuggleNet, when asked, ""What if never heard the prophecy?"", she said, "It's the "Macbeth" idea. I absolutely adore "Macbeth". It is possibly my favourite Shakespeare play. And that's the question isn't it? If Macbeth hadn't met the witches, would he have killed Duncan? Would any of it have happened? Is it fated or did he make it happen? I believe he made it happen." On her website, she referred to "Macbeth" again in discussing the prophecy: "the prophecy (like the one the witches make to Macbeth, if anyone has read the play of the same name) becomes the catalyst for a situation that would never have occurred if it had not been made."
"Emma".
Rowling cites Jane Austen as her favourite author and a major influence. "My attitude to Jane Austen is accurately summed up by that wonderful line from "Cold Comfort Farm": 'One of the disadvantages of almost universal education was that all kinds of people gained a familiarity with one's favourite books. It gave one a curious feeling; like seeing a drunken stranger wrapped in one's dressing gown.'" The "Harry Potter" series is known for its twist endings, and Rowling has stated that, "I have never set up a surprise ending in a Harry Potter book without knowing I can never, and will never, do it anywhere near as well as Austen did in "Emma"."
"The Story of the Treasure Seekers".
Rowling frequently mentions E. Nesbit in interview, citing her "very real" child characters. In 2000, she said, "I think I identify with E Nesbit more than any other writer", and described Nesbit's "The Story of the Treasure Seekers"' as, "Exhibit A for prohibition of all children's literature by anyone who cannot remember exactly how it felt to be a child."
"The Wind in the Willows".
In a 2007 reading for students in New Orleans, Rowling said that the first book to inspire her was Kenneth Grahame's children's fantasy "The Wind in the Willows", read to her when she had the measles at age 4.
Dorothy L. Sayers.
Rowling has also cited the work of Christian essayist and mystery writer Dorothy L. Sayers as an influence on her work, saying "There's a theory – this applies to detective novels, and then Harry, which is not
really a detective novel, but it feels like one sometimes – that you should not have romantic intrigue in a detective book. Dorothy L. Sayers, who is queen of the genre said – and then broke her own rule, but said – that there is no place for romance in a detective story except that it can be useful to camouflage other people's motives. That's true; it is a very useful trick. I've used that on Percy and I've used that to a degree on Tonks in this book, as a red herring. But having said that, I disagree inasmuch as mine are very character-driven books, and it's so important, therefore, that we see these characters fall in love, which is a necessary part of life."
"The Chronicles of Narnia".
Rowling has said she was a fan of the works of C. S. Lewis as a child, and cites the influence of his "Narnia" chronicles on her work: "I found myself thinking about the wardrobe route to Narnia when Harry is told he has to hurl himself at a barrier in Kings Cross Station - it dissolves and he's on platform Nine and Three-Quarters, and there's the train for Hogwarts."
She is, however, at pains to stress the differences between Narnia and her world: "Narnia is literally a different world", she says, "whereas in the Harry books you go into a world within a world that you can see if you happen to belong. A lot of the humour comes from collisions between the magic and the everyday worlds. Generally there isn't much humour in the Narnia books, although I adored them when I was a child. I got so caught up I didn't think CS Lewis was especially preachy. Reading them now I find that his subliminal message isn't very subliminal." "New York Times" writer Charles McGrath notes the similarity between Dudley Dursley, the obnoxious son of Harry's neglectful guardians, and Eustace Scrubb, the spoiled brat who torments the main characters until converted by Aslan.
"The Little White Horse".
In an interview in "The Scotsman" in 2002, Rowling described Elizabeth Goudge's "The Little White Horse" as having, "perhaps more than any other book . . . a direct influence on the "Harry Potter" books. The author always included details of what her characters were eating and I remember liking that. You may have noticed that I always list the food being eaten at Hogwarts." Rowling said in "O" that "Goudge was the only whose influence I was conscious of. She always described exactly what the children were eating, and I really liked knowing what they had in their sandwiches."
"The Sword in the Stone".
Rowling also cites the work of T. H. White, a grammar school teacher, and the author of the well-known children's classic saga, "The Once and Future King", which tells the story of King Arthur of Britain, from childhood to grave. Perhaps the best-known book from this saga is "The Sword in the Stone" (the first book) which was made into an animated movie by Disney Studios. Arthur (called Wart) is a small scruffy-haired orphan, who meets the wizard Merlin (who has an owl, Archimedes, and acts, much like Dumbledore, in the manner of an "absent-minded professor") who takes him to a castle to educate him. As writer Phyllis Morris notes, "The parallels between Dumbledore and Merlin do not end with the protection of the hero in danger . . . In addition to both characters sporting long, flowing beards (and blue eyes,
according to T.H. White), Merlin was King Arthur's mentor and guide, as Dumbledore has been Harry's guide and mentor." Rowling describes Wart as "Harry's spiritual ancestor."
"Manxmouse".
Rowling is also a fan of Paul Gallico, "especially "Manxmouse". That's a great book. Gallico manages the fine line between magic and reality so skilfully, to the point where the most fantastic events feel plausible."
Jessica Mitford.
In the "Scotsman" interview, Rowling described civil rights activist Jessica Mitford as "my most influential writer", saying, "I love the way she never outgrew some of her adolescent traits, remaining true to her politics - she was a self-taught socialist - throughout her life." In a review of "Decca—The letters of Jessica Mitford", she went further saying, "Jessica Mitford has been my heroine since I was 14 years old, when I overheard my formidable great-aunt discussing how Mitford had run away at the age of 19 to fight with the Reds in the Spanish Civil War", and claims what inspired her about Mitford was that she was "incurably and instinctively rebellious, brave, adventurous, funny and irreverent, she liked nothing better than a good fight, preferably against a pompous and hypocritical target."
Other favourites.
In 1999, while Rowling was on a tour of the United States, a bookseller handed her a copy of "I Capture the Castle" by Dodie Smith, saying she would love it. The book became one of her all time favourites. Rowling says that, "it is the voice of the narrator, in this case 17-year- old Cassandra Mortmain, which makes a masterpiece out of an old plot."
Also in 1999, Rowling said in interview that she was a great fan of "Grimble", by Clement Freud, saying, "Grimble is one of funniest books I've ever read, and Grimble himself, who is a small boy, is a fabulous character. I'd love to see a "Grimble" film. As far as I know, these last two fine pieces of literature are out of print, so if any publishers ever read this, could you please dust them off and put them back in print so other people can read them?"
On a number of occasions, Rowling has cited her admiration for French novelist Colette.
Rowling said that the death of Sydney Carton in Charles Dickens's "A Tale of Two Cities", and the novel's final line, "It is a far, far better thing that I do than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to than I have ever known", had a profound impact on her.
In a 2000 interview with BBC Radio 4, Rowling revealed a deep love of Vladimir Nabokov's controversial book "Lolita", saying, "There just isn't enough time to discuss how a plot that could have been the most worthless pornography becomes, in Nabokov's hands, a great and tragic love story, and I could exhaust my reservoir of superlatives trying to describe the quality of the writing."
In an interview with "", Rowling described Irish author Roddy Doyle as her favourite living writer, saying, "I love all his books. I often talk about him and Jane Austen in the same breath. I think people are slightly mystified by that because superficially they're such different writers. But they both have a very unsentimental approach to human nature. They can be profoundly moving without ever becoming mawkish."
Many of Rowling's named favorites decorate the links section of her personal webpage. The section is designed to look like a bookcase, and includes "I Capture the Castle", "The Little White Horse" and "Manxmouse", Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice", "Sense and Sensibility" and "Emma", a book of fairy tales by E. Nesbit, "The Commitments" and "The Van" by Roddy Doyle, two books by Dorothy L. Sayers and a book by Katherine Mansfield.
In January 2006, Rowling was asked by the Royal Society of Literature to nominate her top ten books every child should read. Included in her list were "Wuthering Heights" by Emily Brontë, "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" by Roald Dahl, "Robinson Crusoe" by Daniel Defoe, "David Copperfield" by Charles Dickens, "Hamlet" by William Shakespeare, "To Kill a Mockingbird" by Harper Lee, "Animal Farm" by George Orwell, "The Tale of Two Bad Mice" by Beatrix Potter, "The Catcher in the Rye" by J. D. Salinger and "Catch-22" by Joseph Heller.
Analogues.
There are a number of authors to which Rowling has been repeatedly compared in the media. Some of these she has herself mentioned, others have been mentioned by Internet sites, journalists, critics or other authors. The works are listed roughly in order of publication.
"The Pilgrim's Progress".
John Granger sees "Chamber of Secrets" as similar to a morality play like John Bunyan's "The Pilgrim's Progress". He describes the climax, where Harry descends to the Chamber of Secrets to rescue Ginny Weasley as "the clearest Christian allegory of salvation history since Lewis's The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe. ... Using only traditional symbols, from the 'Ancient of Days' figure as God the Father to the satanic serpent and Christ-like phoenix (‘the Resurrection Bird'), the drama takes us from the fall to eternal life without a hitch."
"Wuthering Heights".
In 2006, Rowling recommended Emily Brontë's Gothic post-Romantic "Wuthering Heights" as number one of the top ten books every child should read. In her essay, "To Sir With Love" in the book "Mapping the World of Harry Potter", Joyce Millman suggests that Severus Snape, Harry Potter's morally ambiguous potions master, is drawn from a tradition of Byronic heroes such as "Wuthering Heights"' Heathcliff and that chapter two of "Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince" is reminiscent of the opening of "Wuthering Heights" when Heathcliff is coldly introduced and asks his servant Joseph to bring up wine for him and Lockwood. Snape commands the almost identical line to his servant Wormtail, with Snape described similarly to how Emily Brontë described Heathcliff.
"Tom Brown's Schooldays".
The "Harry Potter" series draws upon a long tradition of boarding school-set children's literature in English. This school story genre originated in the Victorian era with "Tom Brown's Schooldays", by Thomas Hughes. "Tom Brown's Schooldays" laid down a basic structure which has been widely imitated, for example in Anthony Buckeridge's 1950s "Jennings" books.
Both "Tom Brown's Schooldays" and "Harry Potter" involve an average eleven-year old, better at sport than academic study, who is sent to boarding school. Upon arrival, the boy gains a best friend (In Tom's case, East, in Harry's case, Ron Weasley) who helps him adjust to the new environment. They are set upon by an arrogant bully – in Tom Brown's case, Flashman, in Harry's case Draco Malfoy. Stephen Fry, who both narrates the British audio adaptations of the "Harry Potter" novels and has starred in a screen adaptation of "Tom Brown", has commented many times about the similarities between the two books. "Harry Potter - a boy who arrives in this strange school to board for the first time and makes good, solid friends and also enemies who use bullying and unfair tactics", notes Fry, "then is ambiguous about whether or not he is going to be good or bad. His pluck and his endeavour, loyalty, good nature and bravery are the things that carry him through - and that is the story of Tom Brown's Schooldays".
"Kaytek the Wizard".
Janusz Korczak's 1935 novel "Kaytek the Wizard" concerns a schoolboy named Kaytek who gains magical powers. According to some critics, Kaytek has a far more difficult path than Harry Potter: he has no Hogwarts-type School of Magic where he could be taught by expert mages, but must learn to use and control his powers all by himself – and most importantly, to learn his limitations. In Korczak's worlds, a happy ending is not guaranteed, and the child-hero must learn about the limitations of power and the consequences of its abuse. According to Polish sociologist and writer Kinga Dunin, Kaytek, in pedagogical terms, is a superior book to "Harry Potter", as within one book, Kaytek experiences much more growth than Harry; furthermore, the world is more realistic, less black and white. At the same time, Dunin notes the book's outdated attitudes to issues of gender and race.
"The Lord of the Rings".
Fans of author J. R. R. Tolkien have drawn attention to the similarities between his novel "The Lord of the Rings" and the "Harry Potter" series; specifically Tolkien's Wormtongue and Rowling's Wormtail, Tolkien's Shelob and Rowling's Aragog, Tolkien's Gandalf and Rowling's Dumbledore, Tolkien's Nazgûl and Rowling's Dementors, Old Man Willow and the Whomping Willow and the similarities between both authors' antagonists, Tolkien's Dark Lord Sauron and Rowling's Lord Voldemort (both of whom are sometimes within their respective continuities unnamed due to intense fear surrounding their names; both often referred to as 'The Dark Lord'; and both of whom are, during the time when the main action takes place, seeking to recover their lost power after having been considered dead or at least no longer a threat). Several reviews of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" noted that the locket used as a horcrux by Voldemort bore comparison to Tolkien's One Ring, as it negatively affects the personality of the wearer. Rowling maintains that she hadn't read "The Hobbit" until after she completed the first Harry Potter novel (though she had read "The Lord of the Rings" as a teenager) and that any similarities between her books and Tolkien's are "Fairly superficial. Tolkien created a whole new mythology, which I would never claim to have done. On the other hand, I think I have better jokes." Tolkienian scholar Tom Shippey has maintained that "no modern writer of epic fantasy has managed to escape the mark of Tolkien, no matter how hard many of them have tried".
Roald Dahl.
Many have drawn attention to the similarities between Rowling's works and those of Roald Dahl, particularly in the depiction of the Dursley family, which echoes the nightmarish guardians seen in many of Dahl's books, such as the Wormwoods from "Matilda", Aunt Sponge and Aunt Spiker from "James and the Giant Peach", and Grandma from "George's Marvellous Medicine". Rowling acknowledges that there are similarities, but believes that at a deeper level, her works are different from those of Dahl; in her words, more "moral".
"X-Men".
The Marvel Comics superhero team the "X-Men", created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in 1963, are similar to "Harry Potter" in their examination of prejudice and intolerance. Comic book historian Michael Mallory examined the original premise of the comic, in which teenage mutants study under Professor X to learn how to control their abilities, safe from fearful "Homo sapiens", and also battle less benign mutants like Magneto. He argued, "Think about comic clad in traditional British university robes and pointy hats, castles and trains, and the image that springs to mind is Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardwith Dumbledore, Voldemort and the class struggle between wizards and muggles." He acknowledged that while the X-Men was for the longest time "a phenomenon that was largely contained in the realm of comic book readers as opposed to the wider public [such as Rowling", he argued "nothing exists in a vacuum, least of all popular culture. Just as the creators of "X-Men" consciously or unconsciously tapped into the creative ether of their time for inspiration, so has the "X-Men" phenomenon had an effect on the books and films that has since followed."
"The Chronicles of Prydain".
Lloyd Alexander's five-volume Prydain Chronicles, begun in 1964 with "The Book of Three" and concluding in 1968 with "The High King", features a young protagonist, an assistant pig keeper named Taran, who wishes to be a great hero in a world drawn from Welsh mythology. "Entertainment Weekly" cited Lloyd Alexander as a possible influence on Rowling when it named her its 2007 Entertainer of the Year. When Alexander died in 2007, his obituary in "New York Magazine" drew many comparisons between "Harry Potter" and "Prydain" and said that ""The High King" is everything we desperately hope "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" will be."
"The Dark Is Rising".
Susan Cooper's "Dark Is Rising" sequence (which commenced with "Over Sea, Under Stone" in 1965 and now more commonly bound in a single volume) have been compared to the "Harry Potter" series. The second novel, also called "The Dark Is Rising", features a young boy named Will Stanton who discovers on his eleventh birthday that he is in fact imbued with magical power; in Will's case, that he is the last of the Old Ones, beings empowered by the Light to battle the Dark. The books open in much the same way, with Will finding that people are telling him strange things and that animals run from him. John Hodge, who wrote the screenplay for the film adaptation of "", made substantial changes to the novel's plot and tone to differentiate it from "Harry Potter".
"A Wizard of Earthsea".
The basic premise of Ursula K. Le Guin's "A Wizard of Earthsea" (1968), in which a boy with unusual aptitude for magic is recognised, and sent to a special school for wizards, resembles that of "Harry Potter". Le Guin has claimed that she doesn't feel Rowling "ripped her off", but that she felt that Rowling's books were overpraised for supposed originality, and that Rowling "could have been more gracious about her predecessors. My incredulity was at the critics who found the first book wonderfully original. She has many virtues, but originality isn't one of them. That hurt."
"The Worst Witch".
Many critics have noted that Jill Murphy's "The Worst Witch" series (first published in 1974), is set in a school for girls, "Miss Cackle's Academy for Witches", reminiscent of Hogwarts. The story concerns an awkward pupil at a boarding school for witches, who faces a scheming rival student. Her professors include a kindly and elderly headmistress and a bullying, raven-haired potions teacher. Murphy has commented on her frustration at constant comparisons between her work and "Harry Potter": "It's irritating … everyone asks the same question and I even get children writing to ask me whether I mind about the Hogwarts school of witchcraft and pointing out similarities. Even worse are reviewers who come across my books, or see the TV series, and, without taking the trouble to find out that it's now over quarter of a century since I wrote my first book, make pointed remarks about "clever timing" – or say things like "the Worst Witch stories are not a million miles from J K Rowling's books". The implications are really quite insulting!"
"Charmed Life".
In Diana Wynne Jones' "Charmed Life" (1977), two orphaned children receive magical education while living in a castle. The setting is a world resembling early 1900s Britain, where magic is commonplace. Diana Wynne Jones has stated in answer to a question on her webpage: "I think Ms Rowling did get quite a few of her ideas from my books - though I have never met her, so I have never been able to ask her. My books were written many years before the Harry Potter books ("Charmed Life" was first published in 1977), so any similarities probably come from what she herself read as a child. Once a book is published, out in the world, it is sort of common property, for people to take ideas from and use, and I think this is what happened to my books."
"Discworld".
Before the arrival of J. K. Rowling, Britain's bestselling author was comic fantasy writer Terry Pratchett. His "Discworld" books, beginning with "The Colour of Magic" in 1983, satirise and parody common fantasy literature conventions. Pratchett is repeatedly asked if he "got" his idea for his magic college, the Unseen University, from "Harry Potter"'s Hogwarts, or if the young wizard Ponder Stibbons, who has dark hair and glasses, was inspired by Harry Potter. Both in fact predate Rowling's work by several years; Pratchett jokingly claims that yes he did steal them, though "I of course used a time machine." The BBC and other British news agencies have emphasised a supposed rivalry between Pratchett and Rowling, but Pratchett has said on record that, while he does not put Rowling on a pedestal, he does not consider her a bad writer, nor does he envy her success. Claims of rivalry were due to a letter he wrote to "The Sunday Times", about an article published declaring that fantasy "looks backward to an idealised, romanticised, pseudofeudal world, where knights and ladies morris-dance to Greensleeves". Actually, he was protesting the ineptitude of journalists in that genre, many of whom did not research their work and, in this case, contradicted themselves in the same article.
"Ender's Game".
Science fiction author Orson Scott Card, in a fierce editorial in response to Rowling's copyright lawsuit against the Harry Potter Lexicon, claimed that her assertion that she had had her "words stolen" was rendered moot by the fact that he could draw numerous comparisons between her books and his own 1985 novel "Ender's Game"; in his words, "A young kid growing up in an oppressive family situation suddenly learns that he is one of a special class of children with special abilities, who are to be educated in a remote training facility where student life is dominated by an intense game played by teams flying in midair, at which this kid turns out to be exceptionally talented and a natural leader. He trains other kids in unauthorised extra sessions, which enrages his enemies, who attack him with the intention of killing him; but he is protected by his loyal, brilliant friends and gains strength from the love of some of his family members. He is given special guidance by an older man of legendary accomplishments who previously kept the enemy at bay. He goes on to become the crucial figure in a struggle against an unseen enemy who threatens the whole world."
"Young Sherlock Holmes".
Chris Columbus, who directed the first two "Harry Potter" film adaptations, has cited the 1985 film "Young Sherlock Holmes", which he wrote, as an influence in his direction for those films. "That was sort of a predecessor to this movie, in a sense", he told the BBC in 2001, "It was about two young boys and a girl in a British boarding school who had to fight a supernatural force." Scenes from "Young Sherlock Holmes" were subsequently used to cast the first Harry Potter film. On 3 January 2010, Irish journalist Declan Lynch (writing in "The Sunday Independent") stated that "there's more than a hint of young Sherlock evident in Harry".
"Troll".
The 1986 Charles Band-produced low-budget horror/fantasy film "Troll", directed by John Carl Buechler and starring Noah Hathaway, Julia Louis-Dreyfus and Sonny Bono, features a character named "Harry Potter Jr." In an interview with M. J. Simpson, Band claimed, "I've heard that J. K. Rowling has acknowledged that maybe she saw this low-budget movie and perhaps it inspired her." However, a spokesman for Rowling, responding to the rumors of a planned remake of the film, has denied that Rowling ever saw it before writing her book. Rowling has said on record multiple times that the name "Harry Potter" was derived in part from a childhood friend, Ian Potter, and in part from her favourite male name, Harry. On 13 April 2008, "The Mail on Sunday" wrote a news article claiming that Warner Bros. had begun a legal action against Buechler; however, the story was denied and lawyers for Rowling demanded the article be removed.
On 14 April 2008, John Buechler's partner in the "Troll" remake, Peter Davy, said about "Harry Potter", "In John's opinion, he created the first Harry Potter. J.K. Rowling says the idea just came to her. John doesn't think so. There are a lot of similarities between the theme of her books and the original "Troll". John was shocked when she came out with "Harry Potter"."
"Groosham Grange".
Groosham Grange (first published in 1988), a novel by best-selling British author Anthony Horowitz has been cited for its similarities with "Harry Potter"; the plot revolves around David Eliot, a young teenager mistreated by his parents who receive an unexpected call from an isolated boarding school, Groosham Grange, which reveals itself as a school for wizards and witches. Both books feature a teacher who is a ghost, a werewolf character named after the French word for "wolf" (Lupin/Leloup), and passage to the school via railway train. Horowitz, however, while acknowledging the similarities, just thanked Rowling for her contribution to the development of the young adult fiction in the UK.
"The Books of Magic".
Fans of the comic book series "The Books of Magic", by Neil Gaiman (first published in 1990 by DC Comics) have cited similarities to the Harry Potter story. These include a dark-haired English boy with glasses, named Timothy Hunter, who discovers his potential as the most powerful wizard of the age upon being approached by magic-wielding individuals, the first of whom makes him a gift of a pet owl. Similarities led the British tabloid paper the "Daily Mirror" to claim Gaiman had made accusations of plagiarism against Rowling, which he went on the record denying, saying the similarities were either coincidence, or drawn from the same fantasy archetypes. "I thought we were both just stealing from T.H. White", he said in an interview, "very straightforward." Dylan Horrocks, writer of the "Books of Magic" spin-off "", has said they should be considered as similar works in the same genre and that both have parallels with earlier schoolboy wizards, like the "2000 AD" character Luke Kirby.
"Spellcasting series".
The text adventure game "" (1990) is the first installment of the "Spellcasting" series created by Steve Meretzky during his time at Legend Entertainment. All the three games in the series tell the story of young Ernie Eaglebeak, a bespectacled student at the prestigious Sorcerer University, as he progresses through his studies, learning the arcanes of magic, taking part in student life, occasionally saving the world as he knows it. Each separate game takes place during consecutive school years as well, much like the Harry Potter books.
"Wizard's Hall".
In 1991, the author Jane Yolen released a book called "Wizard's Hall", to which the Harry Potter series bears a resemblance. The main protagonist, Henry (also called Thornmallow), is a young boy who joins a magical school for young wizards. At the school "he must fulfill an ancient prophecy and help overthrow a powerful, evil wizard." However, Yolen has stated that "I’m pretty sure she never read my book," attributing similarities to commonly-used fantasy tropes. In an interview with the magazine "Newsweek", Yolen said, "I always tell people that if Ms. Rowling would like to cut me a very large check, I would cash it." Yolen stopped reading "Harry Potter" after the third book, and has expressed dislike for the writing style of "Harry Potter", calling it "fantasy fast food".
"The Secret of Platform 13".
Eva Ibbotson's "The Secret of Platform 13" (first published in 1994) features a gateway to a magical world located on an underground railway platform. The protagonist belongs to the magical world but is raised in our world by a rich family who neglect him and treat him as a servant, while their fat and unpleasant biological son is pampered and spoiled. Amanda Craig is a journalist who has written about the similarities: "Ibbotson would seem to have at least as good a case for claiming plagiarism as the American author currently suing J. K. Rowling e Nancy Stouffer, but unlike her, Ibbotson says she would 'like to shake her by the hand. I think we all borrow from each other as writers.'"

</doc>
<doc id="5917502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917502" title="Smolan">
Smolan

Smolan can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917506" title="Decoryah">
Decoryah

Decoryah was an underground Finnish doom metal band formed in 1989 and dismissed in 1997. The band came to worldwide attention with their first album Wisdom Floats which is the first example, in the contemporary Doom Metal scene, of use of male clean voices and female voices. Decoryah members were very young at that time, nevertheless their first album is considered one of the most impressive and influent works in the dark/doom scene.

</doc>
<doc id="5917516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917516" title="Lucian Bălan">
Lucian Bălan

Lucian Bălan (born 25 June 1959 in Bucharest) is a former Romanian football player and coach, winner of the European Cup in 1986 and the European Supercup in 1987, both with Steaua Bucureşti and current coach at a football school in Baia Mare.
He made one appearance for the Romanian national football team in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="5917531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917531" title="Sergeant (Sweden and Finland)">
Sergeant (Sweden and Finland)

Sergeant (kersantti in Finnish) is a Swedish and Finnish military rank above korpral in Sweden and alikersantti in Finland; and below förste sergeant in Sweden and Ylikersantti in Finland. 
Obtaining the rank in Finland.
In the Finnish army, conscripts are first trained for 2 months in basic training and about 30% are selected for junior NCO training ("aliupseerikoulu" or "AUK"), which lasts 4 months. Upon completion, they are promoted to "alikersantti" and posted to companies for 6 months as squad leaders. Usually, the best-performing "alikersantti" in a platoon is promoted to "kersantti" a few weeks before discharge, and in meantime acts as a deputy platoon commander as well as a squad leader.
Like any other rank up to Major/Lieutenant Commander, the rank of sergeant can be achieved in reserve if certain requirements are met.
History and related ranks.
1615.
The introduction of the rank
Sweden: Reform 1972.
Holders of the rank Överfurir were elevated to Sergeants.
Holders of the rank Sergeant were elevated to 
Sweden: 2009.
As of the 1st of January, the rank Furir was renamed Sergeant.

</doc>
<doc id="5917545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917545" title="Tetraspanin">
Tetraspanin

Tetraspanins are a family of membrane proteins found in all multicellular eukaryotes.
Tetraspanins, also called tetraspans or the transmembrane 4 superfamily (TM4SF), have four transmembrane domains, intracellular N- and C-termini and two extracellular domains, one short (called the small extracellular domain or loop, SED/SEL or EC1) and one longer, typically 100 amino acid residues (the large extracellular domain/loop, LED/LEL or EC2). Although several protein families have four transmembrane domains, tetraspanins are defined by conserved domains listed in the Protein Families database under pfam00335.12. The key features are four or more cysteine residues in the EC2 domain, with two in a highly conserved 'CCG' motif.
Research into this field is relatively recent (less than 20 years) and therefore there is much to learn about the function of specific tetraspanins. Generally, tetraspanins are often thought to act as scaffolding proteins, anchoring multiple proteins to one area of the cell membrane.
Tetraspanins are highly conserved between species. Some tetraspanins can have N-linked glycosylations on the long extracellular loop (LEL, EC2) and palmitoylations at a CXXC motif in their transmembrane region.
There are 34 tetraspanins in mammals, 33 of which have also been identified in humans. Tetraspanins display numerous properties that indicate their physiological importance in cell adhesion, motility, activation and proliferation, as well as their contribution to pathological conditions such as metastasis or viral infection.
A role for tetraspanins in platelets was demonstrated by the bleeding phenotypes of CD151- and TSSC6-deficient mice, which exhibit impaired "outside-in" signalling through αIIbβ3, the major platelet integrin. it is hypothesized that tetraspanins interact with and regulate other platelet receptors.
Relevance to parasite vaccines.
The schistosome worms make two tetraspanins: TSP-1 and TSP-2. TSP-2 antibodies are found in some people who seem to have immunity to schistosome infection (Schistosomiasis).

</doc>
<doc id="5917546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917546" title="Otterspool railway station">
Otterspool railway station

Otterspool station was a railway station in Liverpool, England. It was located between St Michaels and Aigburth stations on the Garston and Liverpool Railway.
The station opened in 1864 and was absorbed into the Cheshire Lines Committee in 1865. It closed in 1951, due to low passenger numbers. The station was at the end of a long and otherwise empty lane running alongside Otterspool Park. Both the lane (the end of Otterspool Street) and the station building still exist, but the main building is now a private dwelling and a subsidiary building is derelict and mostly obscured by undergrowth. Whatever may remain of the platforms cannot be seen under vegetation.
Before closing in 1951, a teenager was saved by a man from being hit by a train, although the rescuer was killed in the process. His ghost is said to be wave a red warning flag in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="5917560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917560" title="Yoon So-yi">
Yoon So-yi

Yoon So-yi (born Moon So-yi on January 5, 1985) is a South Korean actress. She debuted as a print and commercial model, then began acting in Ryoo Seung-wan's action-comedy film "Arahan" in 2004, followed by "Shadowless Sword" in 2005. Yoon has had leading roles in television dramas, notably in "Goodbye Solo" (2006), "Glass Castle" (2008), "Hero" (2009), and "Warrior Baek Dong-soo" (2011).
Biography.
Yoon So-yi debuted as a model in Graffiti Magazine in 2001. After a few years of print and commercial modeling, she auditioned for Ryoo Seung-wan's action comedy "Arahan" in 2004. Based on a popular South Korean comic, "Arahan" explored the consequences of unleashing an ancient evil spirit into a modern city, with Yoon's character part of a hidden school of ancient masters who train a naive young policeman to fight this evil force. Yoon underwent strict training for six months in a film action school, where she had to overcome her phobia of heights. The film was a relative commercial success, with one review describing her as "tall and attractive in an excellently non-cutesy way." She received a Best New Actress nomination at the 2004 Blue Dragon Film Awards. 
Yoon next starred in the TV drama "Say You Love Me", a dark, twisted love story between four people. This led to a friendship with her co-star Kim Rae-won, with whom she starred in a series of advertisements for Samsung Digital Plaza. When Kim later launched his own management company Bless Entertainment, she would also join his stable of stars.
After playing Jung Joon-ho's love interest in "The Twins", Yoon was cast in "Shadowless Sword", a wuxia martial arts epic set in ancient China. In the role of a beautiful young swordswoman who protects the future king, Yoon said that she was inspired by Anita Mui in "The Heroic Trio", and that the strong-willed female character appealed to her. She learned wushu for three months in Korea, then wire action from the Chinese stunt team. 
In 2006 she became part of the ensemble cast of "Goodbye Solo", written by renowned drama writer Noh Hee-kyung. Even though her dramas do not attract a large number of viewers, Noh has gained a cult following for her in-depth portrayal of ordinary characters, taking a more human natural approach through realistic and yet emotional lines. "Goodbye Solo" featured seven characters of different generations and backgrounds, as they reflect on human nature and relationships. Yoon would later work again with mostly the same crew in the 2-episode TV special "Several Questions That Make Us Happy".
"Goodbye Solo"'s writer Noh and veteran actress Bae Jong-ok introduced Yoon to "Join Together Society" (JTS), a Seoul-based Buddhist international relief agency (Yoon herself is a Buddhist). Since then she has been extremely active in charity work for JTS, spearheading street fund drives and various programs to benefit underprivileged children in North Korea and developing countries.
An athlete in junior high, Yoon was a Sports Model major at Dongduk Women's University, but eventually dropped out due to showbiz commitments. She later enrolled in Dongguk University as a Theatre and Film major, slowing down her acting activities to focus on her studies and becoming known in the Korean press as one of the very few celebrity model students, with regular attendance and good grades. Yoon graduated in 2011. 
Her next project "Auction House" attempted a different format from the standard serialized Korean drama. The twelve-episode season 1 had four directors and four writers, airing one episode every week, with each director producing his own segment in his own style, crossing genres. The episodic format was not a hit with Korean audiences (despite a season 2 focusing on plastic surgeons with a completely different cast). 
Yoon played a former reporter struggling to adjust to life as a chaebol daughter-in-law in "Glass Castle"; the drama was a modest success. In 2009 she was cast as a last-minute replacement leading lady in the quirky Lee Joon-gi-starrer "Hero". Despite being praised as a well-acted and solid drama, "Hero" received low ratings. Yoon's next film "Try to Remember", about lovers in the past whose love transcends time and brings them together in the present day, premiered at the Puchon International Fantastic Film Festival.
She was cast as Queen Seondeok in a specially commissioned 20-minute film for the Gyeongju World Culture Expo. Titled "Byeongnucheon" ("The Bracelet of Blue Tears"), the fantasy adventure aims to spearhead Korea's nascent stereoscopic film industry, and combines live action sequences with 3D animated computer graphics.
In 2011, Yoon's fusion sageuk "Warrior Baek Dong-soo" brought in high viewership ratings, topping its timeslot for 3 straight months. She immediately followed that with the Channel A cable series "Color of Woman", replacing Eugene as the romantic comedy lead when the latter dropped out in the aftermath of her sister's car accident.
For her first variety MC job, Yoon co-hosted the 2012 televised magicians tournament "King of Magic", which aired on cable for three weeks.
A supporting role followed in 2013 spy action series "Iris II: New Generation", in which she played a South Korean college student who defects to North Korea, trains in the special forces and counter-terrorism units, then returns to her home country as a North Korean spy. She next headlined the 2014 daily drama "Angel's Revenge", playing a nun who avenges her sister.

</doc>
<doc id="5917568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917568" title="VFA-137">
VFA-137

Strike Fighter Squadron 137 (VFA-137), also known as the "Kestrels", are a United States Navy F/A-18E Super Hornet strike fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Lemoore. The Squadron Radio callsign is ""Falcon"".
Mission.
Train to and, if necessary, conduct prompt, sustained combat operations in support of national policy, anywhere, anytime.
History.
Strike Fighter Squadron 137, nicknamed the “Kestrels” after the native North American Falcon, was established on July 2, 1985. They received their first Lot VIII F/A-18A Hornet on November 25, 1985 and in October 1986 the squadron was awarded the Silver Anchor for new construction squadrons. In the course of their 23-year history, the Kestrels have a safety record that includes over 90,000 mishap-free flight hours.
In 1987-1988 the squadron made its first deployment to the Mediterranean Sea embarked on the “Ageless Warrior,” USS "Coral Sea" (CV 43), as part of Carrier Air Wing THIRTEEN. That year the squadron was recognized with the Commander Naval Air Forces, U.S. Atlantic Fleet Battle “E” award. In August 1989, the Kestrels were back on board "Coral Sea" patrolling the Eastern Mediterranean in response to Colonel Higgins’ murder in Lebanon, winning the Golden Tailhook award on their second deployment. In October 1990, the squadron transferred to Carrier Air Wing SIX on board USS "Forrestal" (CV-59), completing an accelerated work up cycle and their third deployment. On cruise, the Kestrels flew sorties over Iraq in support of Operation PROVIDE COMFORT and won two more Tailhook Awards.
In September 1992, the squadron completed a homeport change to Lemoore, CA and transitioned to the night attack capable Lot XV F/A-18C. In May 1993, the squadron joined Carrier Air Wing TWO and embarked on board USS "Constellation" (CV-64) for their first Western Pacific deployment in November 1994. On this deployment, and the 1997 deployment, the Kestrels patrolled the skies over Iraq, enforcing the United Nations no-fly zone in support of Operation SOUTHERN WATCH. In 1999 and again in 2001, the Kestrels employed precision-guided ordnance against Iraq as part of a Coalition Forces response to repeated violations of the no-fly zone.
In November 2002, the Kestrels deployed to the Persian Gulf on board "Constellation" for her final deployment. The Kestrels participated in extensive operations in the skies over Iraq, initially in support of Operation SOUTHERN WATCH, and then in combat operations during Operation IRAQI FREEDOM. During the course of the conflict, the Kestrels flew over 500 combat sorties and dropped more than 300,000 pounds of precision-guided ordnance.
Recent activity.
The Kestrels returned home in June 2003, and began the transition to the new Lot XXV F/A-18E Super Hornet. After completing the Safe for Flight certification, the Kestrels became the third F/A-18E squadron in the U.S. Navy. In April 2004, Commander, Naval Air Force, U.S. Pacific Fleet awarded the Battle “E” for calendar year 2003. Subsequently, Commander, Naval Air Force awarded the 2003 Captain Michael J. Estocin Award for exceptional operational performance and flight safety.
The Kestrels embarked aboard USS "Abraham Lincoln" (CVN-72) for a Western Pacific deployment in October 2004, participating in Operation UNIFIED ASSISTANCE, the humanitarian relief effort to aid the victims of the tsunami that struck Southeast Asia. In March 2006, the Kestrels again deployed with Carrier Air Wing Two (CVW 2) aboard USS "Abraham Lincoln" for a 5-month WestPac. The deployment included port calls in Hong Kong, Thailand, Singapore and Sasebo, Japan, and was marked by participation in Operations FOAL EAGLE, VALIANT SHIELD, and RIMPAC (Rim of the Pacific). Between 24–31 March 2006, during Foal Eagle 2006 exercises, strike squadrons VFA-2, VFA-34, VFA-137, and VFA-151 from Carrier Air Wing Two teamed with U.S. Air Force aircraft from the 18th Wing based at Kadena Air Base to provide combat air patrols and coordinated bombing runs via the exercise’s Combined Air Operations Center. VFA-137 returned from deployment in August 2006.
After a work up cycle that included 2 detachments to NAS Fallon and 3 underway periods on board "Abraham Lincoln", the Kestrels of VFA-137 deployed to the western Pacific with "Abraham Lincoln" in March 2008. Following 7 months at sea, including 5 months in the Persian Gulf supporting Operations IRAQI FREEDOM and ENDURING FREEDOM, the Kestrels returned home in October 2008.
On March 15, 2010, two aircraft of the Kestrels were involved in a mid-air collision while training at Fallon Naval Air Station. Both pilots survived with one managing to land his plane. The other pilot ejected and was rescued by helicopter. An investigation determined that pilot error was to blame for the collision. The responsible pilot's name was redacted from the report released to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="5917584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917584" title="Snelling">
Snelling

Snelling can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917593" title="Stylus fantasticus">
Stylus fantasticus

The stylus fantasticus (or stylus phantasticus) is a style of early baroque music. The root of this music is organ toccatas and fantasias, particularly derived from those of Claudio Merulo (1533–1604), organist at St Mark's basilica in Venice. A later practitioner in Rome was Girolamo Frescobaldi, and his German student Froberger took the style north with him. There were constant flows of Italian musicians north to Bavaria and Saxony, of German musicians south to Italy (such as Hans Leo Hassler and Heinrich Schütz), and of musicians who had careers in both Austria and Italy (such as Sances and Turini). The author, scientist and inventor, a true baroque polymath, Athanasius Kircher describes the stylus fantasticus in his book, Musurgia Universalis:
The style is related to improvisation but is characterised by the use of short contrasting episodes and a free form, just like a classical fantasia.
In Austria the style was practised by the famous "formidable virtuoso" Heinrich Ignaz Biber and the older Johann Heinrich Schmelzer.
In summer the Prince Bishop of Olomouc and his court retired to Kromeriz Castle, where there were lavish musical entertainments. Ballets such as "The Fencing School" and descriptive pieces such as "Battalia" or "The Peasants go to Church". Kromeriz Castle then was newly built by the Prince Bishop, the original medieval structure having been destroyed by the Swedes towards the end of the Thirty Years' War. Jacob Handl had worked at the old castle between 1579 and 1585. The discontinuity in musical life and musical training due to the Thirty Years' War explains the originality and the "folksiness" of the stylus fantasticus at Kromeriz. Though Bishop Karl was fanatically interested in music, and is principally known in England as a patron of Biber and Schmelzer, he was the driving force behind the restoration of the economy of Moravia after the destruction of the Thirty Years' War.
Many facets of musical modernism were invented in the stylus fantasticus at Kromeriz, such as bitonality in "Battalia", minimalism in "The Peasants go to Church", stochasticism in Vejvanovsky's "Bells". What is not always mentioned is that these techniques are used to represent chaos, drunkenness, stupidity, and animal noises rather than as a principal resource.
Bibliography.
http://www.rdg.ac.uk/library/colls/special/featureditem/kircher/index.html.

</doc>
<doc id="5917599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917599" title="Rio Grande City Consolidated Independent School District">
Rio Grande City Consolidated Independent School District

Rio Grande City Consolidated Independent School District is a public school district based in Rio Grande City, Texas (USA).
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Catchment area.
The district serves communities in southeastern Starr County including the cities of Rio Grande City and La Grulla, and several census-designated places.
Census-designated places served by RGCCISD include:
Schools.
There are 14 schools in the Rio Grande Consolidated ISD.

</doc>
<doc id="5917608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917608" title="19th Genie Awards">
19th Genie Awards

The 19th Genie Awards were held on February 4, 1999 to honour Canadian films released in 1998. It marked only the second time, after the 16th Genie Awards in January 1996, that the awards were held in the winter of the year "following" the year in which eligible films were released, rather than the late fall of the same year; the awards have subsequently retained the winter scheduling since 1999.
The ceremony was held at the Living Arts Centre in Mississauga, Ontario. Actor Albert Schultz hosted the ceremony.
"Last Night" and "Such a Long Journey" were tied for the most nominations, with 12 nods each. However, "The Red Violin" won the most awards, with eight wins including Best Picture.

</doc>
<doc id="5917618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917618" title="Tomoka Shibasaki">
Tomoka Shibasaki

She wrote "Sono Machi No Ima Wa" (Today, in that City), which first appeared in Shincho in 2006. It was nominated in 2007 for the Akutagawa Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="5917624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917624" title="USPTO registration examination">
USPTO registration examination

In order to be registered as a patent agent or patent attorney in the United States, one must pass the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) registration examination, officially called the Examination for Registration to Practice in Patent Cases Before the United States Patent and Trademark Office and known informally as the patent bar.
Background.
Persons who pass the registration exam and become admitted as patent agents before admission to a state bar are allowed to change registration to patent attorney upon supplying the USPTO with proof of good standing in a state or territorial bar.
Tested subject matter.
The examination is intended to measure the applicant's familiarity with USPTO procedures, ethics rules, federal statutes, and regulations. The applicant is allowed to use an electronic copy of the Manual of Patent Examining Procedure (MPEP) in the computer-based examination and a paper copy of the MPEP in the pencil-and-paper test but no other material. A large number of questions typically deal with the proper drafting and handling of a U.S. patent application or international application.
Structure.
The exam is a 100-question, six-hour, multiple-choice test. The test is divided into morning and afternoon sections. The applicant is provided 3 hours to complete 50 questions in the morning, and another 3 hours to complete 50 questions in the afternoon. 
The exam contains 10 beta questions which do not count towards the exam taker's final score, but there is no way to know which of the 100 questions are among these 10 ungraded questions. The required score to pass is 70%, or 63 correct out of the 90 graded questions. Statistics from examinations administered from June 9, 2005 through October 17, 2006 show that 58.2% of the 4,165 candidates passed the exam (based on MPEP 8th Edition, Revision 2).
Before June 2004, the USPTO registration exam was a pencil-and-paper test given at approximately 15 locations around the country. The USPTO has moved to a computer-based examination which can be taken on any business day at any of several hundred Prometric locations around the country. A sample computerized exam is available to provide a feel for how the exam is administered, but this "practice exam" contains no sample questions. Once an applicant has been approved to sit for the exam, he or she has 90 days in which to schedule an examination date with Prometric. The pencil-and-paper test is still offered once a year at the USPTO's office.
Past exams are available through the USPTO's Office of Enrollment and Discipline, both in printed format for a fee,
Prerequisites.
General.
The USPTO requires that all those applying for registration (agents or attorneys) meet three requirements: (1) good moral character, (2) legal, scientific and technical qualifications necessary to render valuable service, and (3) competence to advise and assist patent applicants in the presentation and prosecution of patent applications. The registration exam primarily addresses the third requirement. The second requirement is typically met with a bachelor's degree in a recognized technical subject; the USPTO calls this "Category A" eligibility. These fields include biology, chemistry, computer science, most engineering disciplines, and physics. Two other options are available to satisfy the second requirement: having enough semester hours of specific science courses ("Category B") or passing the Fundamentals of Engineering exam ("Category C"). Note that the requirements for Category B eligibility are considerably more onerous than for Category A—not only must the candidate provide official college transcripts, he or she must supply a copy of the official course description, concurrent with the year that the course was taken, for each course used to establish eligibility for the exam.
Degrees in the philosophical arts (such as pure mathematics) or the social sciences (such as sociology) are not sufficient by themselves to meet the technical training requirement. However, the scientific and technical training requirement can be fulfilled by submitting proof of 40 semester hours of undergraduate courses in the above fields, 8 of which must consist of either two consecutive semesters of physics for scientists and engineers with laboratory or two consecutive semesters of general chemistry with laboratory. Consecutive means that the two courses cover one curriculum, such as physics 101 and 102. All 40 semester hours can be completed at community colleges and do not have to result in any bachelor of science degree. All of the courses must be applicable towards a degree in the subject. For example, physics with calculus would count, while physics without calculus, usually taken by other majors, would not. Other Category B qualifications allow for one without a bachelors degree in a listed field to also demonstrate he or she has had 24 semester hours in physics for physics majors (called Option 1), 32 semester hours in chemistry, physics and biology (called Option 2) or 30 semester hours in chemistry for chemistry majors.
Aliens.
Non-U.S. citizens wishing to practice before the USPTO in their own country may also register by meeting the same requirements if the individual is registered to practice before the patent office in their country of residence AND if their country has a reciprocity agreement with the U.S. Currently, only one country, Canada, has such an agreement; while the Canadian Intellectual Property Office does not recognize this reciprocity. Moreover, the USPTO makes no effort to verify; the requirement exists merely on paper and has no force. Such registration is granted for the limited purpose of representing patent applicants from the individual's country of residence before the USPTO. Non-U.S. citizens legally residing in the United States, having a valid nonimmigrant work visa, and already employed by a patent firm in a patent prosecution role (often referred to as a "technical specialist") may take the exam in order to gain "limited recognition" to act as a patent agent for applications being handled through their employer. This law on Aliens, 37 C.F.R. 11.6(c), is not enforced by the USPTO Office of Enrollment and Discipline (OED). However, employees of the USPTO must be U.S. citizens and this is verified in a background check; patent agents who want to work for the USPTO must first become U.S. citizens.
Pass rates.
Pass rates for the examination have ranged from 37 percent to 70 percent over the past several years. USPTO registration examination results reported by fiscal year are available online.

</doc>
<doc id="5917668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917668" title="Tiefland (opera)">
Tiefland (opera)

Tiefland (or "The Lowlands") is an opera in a prologue and three acts by Eugen d'Albert, to a libretto in German by Rudolph Lothar. Based on the 1896 Catalan play "Terra baixa" by Àngel Guimerà, "Tiefland" was d'Albert's seventh opera, and is the one which is now the best known.
Performance history.
"Tiefland" was first performed on November 15, 1903 at the Neues Deutsches Theater in Prague, with only limited success. Part of the reason for the lukewarm reception may have been because the house's leading dramatic tenor, Wilhelm Elsner, had died suddenly not too long before the opera's premiere, forcing another singer to learn and perform the role of Pedro in a relatively short amount of time.
For its next performance, "Tiefland" was revised by D'Albert and revived in Hamburg and Berlin in 1907, where it played to long runs. Its American premiere took place at the Metropolitan Opera in New York on November 23, 1908 with Emmy Destinn and Erik Schmedes in the two leading roles.
The opera is fairly regularly performed in Germany and Austria, with recent new productions at the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden in April 2007, the Volksoper Wien in October 2007 and at Deutsche Oper Berlin, with Torsten Kerl as Pedro and Nadja Michael as Marta, in November 2007. Performances outside German speaking countries have tended to be more sporadic. "Tiefland" was performed at the Ankara Opera House in 1951 in a production directed by Carl Ebert with Semiha Berksoy as Marta. It also received a major revival at Washington Opera in 1995 with its first major US production in 81 years, conducted by Heinz Fricke and directed by Roman Terleckyj.
In addition to Schmedes and Destinn, notable past performers have included: Kirsten Flagstad who made her stage debut in 1913 at the age of 18 singing the role of Nuri at the National Theater in Oslo; the young Maria Callas who sang the role of Marta at the Olympia Theatre in Athens during the 1945/1946 season; Montserrat Caballé who, like Callas, sang Marta early in her career; and the Danish tenor, Vilhelm Herold who was considered by d'Albert to have been the ideal Pedro. Richard Tauber first performed the role at Dresden in 1918, and recorded the two principal arias in 1928. It remained a favourite role, which he performed widely until 1940 in Switzerland.
The best-known film adaptation of the opera was by the German director Leni Riefenstahl, with Riefenstahl herself playing Marta. The film, begun in 1940, but not released until 1954, used Roma slave labor from a German transportation camp for some of the extras, many of whom were sent to Auschwitz before the end of the war.
Synopsis.
Before the opera begins: Years earlier, Marta, the daughter of a strolling player, had been induced to live with Sebastiano, a wealthy landowner in exchange for the gift of a mill to her father. Sebastiano is about to marry a wealthy heiress. In order to keep his mistress, Marta, nearby and continue their affair, he plans to have her marry Pedro, one of his shepherds.
Prologue
The Pyrenees Mountains. Pedro meets Nando, and tells him that he has dreamed of meeting a beautiful woman who will be his wife. Sebastiano, accompanied by Tommaso, brings Marta to Pedro and informs him that he must come down to the Lowlands to marry her and to become the miller. Marta is reluctant to even look at Pedro.
Act I
The interior of the village mill. Moruccio and the servants gossip about Marta, the girls hinting that Moruccio hoped to marry Marta himself. Nuri reveals that Marta is to be married to a shepherd and reveals that she has overheard a conversation between Sebastain and Marta which she did not understand, but which the others clearly comprehend reveals their relationship. Pedro arrives at the mill, where his marriage is to take place. Not knowing that Marta is actually Sebastiano's mistress, he is puzzled as to why the villagers are making fun of him. Moruccio reveals the background to Tommaso, who is angered and seeks to confront Sebastian. The confrontation in which Tomasso is backed by Moruccio leads to Moruccio's dismissal. After the wedding, Marta, who fears that Sebastian will carry out his intention of coming to her that night, does not go to her chamber nor accompanies Pedro, which puzzles him even more.
Act II
The interior of the village mill. Marta is now beginning to fall in love with Pedro. However, unable to stand the teasing and persecution of the villagers, he tells her he is going back to the mountains. She begs him to take her with him and tells him the truth about her and Sebastiano. In a jealous rage, Pedro advances towards her with a knife, but, overcome by remorse and his love for her, decides to take her with him. Sebastiano enters with the villagers and makes advances to Marta. Pedro furiously objects and is dragged outside.
Act III
The interior of the village mill. Sebastiano has been rejected by the heiress whom he had hoped to marry and again makes advances to Marta. She calls Pedro for help. He rushes at Sebastiano with a knife, but seeing that he is unarmed, throws the knife down and strangles him. Carrying Marta in his arms, Pedro exclaims to the villagers: "Far up, far up in the mountains! To sunshine and freedom and light." He and Marta escape to the mountains.
Notable recordings.
1983 Marek Janowski, Münchner Rundfunkorchester (ARTS 47501-2)
2002 Bertrand de Billy, Vienna Radio Symphony Orchestra (Oehms OC 312)
2006 Franz Welser-Möst, Orchester der Oper Zürich (EMI DVD, video-recorded at performances in July)
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="5917669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917669" title="François Bourassa">
François Bourassa

François Bourassa (June 5, 1813 – May 13, 1898) was a Quebec farmer and political figure. He represented Saint-Jean in the Canadian House of Commons as a Liberal member from 1867 to 1896.
He was born in Sainte-Marguerite-de-Blairfindie, Lower Canada in 1813. His father, also named François, was the first mayor of the town. He took part in the Lower Canada Rebellion, was arrested but later released and later served as captain in the local militia. He settled at Saint-Jean and represented the town on the council for Chambly County. In 1854, he elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Saint-Jean as a member of the parti rouge; he served until Confederation, when he was elected to the federal parliament, although he opposed confederation. Bourassa spoke no English. He retired from politics in 1896. He served as mayor of L'Acadie in 1858.
He died in Saint-Valentin in 1898.
His brother Napoléon was a Quebec painter, writer, sculptor and architect and his nephew Henri Bourassa served in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec and the House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5917678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917678" title="Solem">
Solem

Solem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917686" title="Hopper barge">
Hopper barge

A hopper barge is a kind of non-mechanical ship or vessel that cannot move around by itself, unlike some other types of barges. Designed to carry materials, like rocks, sand, soil and rubbish, for dumping into the ocean, a river or lake for land reclamation.
Hopper barges are seen in two distinctive types; raked hopper or box hopper barges. The raked hopper barges move faster than the box hoppers; they are both designed for movement of dry bulky commodities.
There are several "hoppers" or compartments between the fore and aft bulkhead of the barge. On the bottom of the barge hull, there is (are) also a large "hopper door(s)", opening downwards. The doors are closed while the vessel is moving, so she can carry the materials that are to be dumped. The door(s) open when the ship has arrived at the spot where the materials are to be dumped.
Split barges serve the same purpose, but instead of a door in the hull's bottom, the hull of the whole barge splits longitudinally between the end bulkheads. The vessel consists of two major parts (port and starboard halves), both are mostly symmetrical in design. Both parts of the vessel are hinged at the deck and operated by hydraulic cylinders. When the vessel splits the load is dumped rapidly, which means the barge has to be very stable in order not to capsize or otherwise get damaged.

</doc>
<doc id="5917694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917694" title="San Isidro Independent School District">
San Isidro Independent School District

The San Isidro Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of San Isidro, Texas, United States.
In addition to San Isidro, the district also serves several other unincorporated communities in rural northeastern Starr County, including Delmita, El Centro, La Gloria, La Reforma, Santa Catarina, and Santa Elena.
As of 2007, the Texas State Energy Conservation Office awarded San Isidro ISD money due to the colonias served by the district.[http://www.seco.cpa.state.tx.us/colonias.htm]
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
San Isidro ISD has two campuses – San Isidro High School (Grades 9-12) and San Isidro Elementary School (Grades PK-8). Both campuses were designated National Blue Ribbon Schools in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5917697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917697" title="Tiefland">
Tiefland

Tiefland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917702" title="Kazem Rajavi">
Kazem Rajavi

Dr. Kazem Rajavi () (8 February 1934 – 24 April 1990) was a renowned human rights advocate and elder brother of Iranian opposition leader Massoud Rajavi. He engaged in international endeavors to defend human rights in Iran. At the age of 56, he held six doctorate degrees in the fields of law, political science, and sociology from the universities of Paris and Geneva.
Kazem Rajavi was Iran's first Ambassador to the United Nations headquarters in Geneva following the 1979 Iranian Revolution. Shortly after his appointment, he resigned his post in protest to the “repressive policies and terrorist activities of the ruling clerics in Iran”. He then intensified his campaign against mass executions, arbitrary arrests, and torture carried out by Iran’s theocratic leadership.
He became the representative of the opposition National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) in Switzerland where he was a Geneva university professor. On 24 April 1990, he was gunned down in broad daylight by several agents of the Ministry of Intelligence and National Security of Iran as he was driving to his home in Coppet, a village near Geneva.
Rajavi's assassination required enormous resources, extensive planning, and coordination among several of the regime's organizations. After extensive investigations, Roland Chatelain, the Swiss magistrate in charge of the case, and Swiss judicial and police officials confirmed the role of Iran's government under Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and the participation of thirteen official agents of the Iranian regime who had used "service passports" to enter Switzerland for their plot
Swiss magistrates later issued an international arrest warrant for a former Iranian intelligence minister, Ali Fallahian. Fallahian and 13 Iranian diplomats are wanted on charges of murdering Kazem Rajavi.

</doc>
<doc id="5917713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917713" title="Thomas Tapling">
Thomas Tapling

Thomas Keay Tapling (30 October 1855 – 11 April 1891) was an English businessman and politician. He played first class cricket and was also an eminent philatelist who formed one of the greatest stamp collections of his era.
Early life.
Tapling was born in Dulwich, London. He was educated first at home and then at Harrow School from age 15. Later he attended Trinity College, Cambridge, graduating BA and LL.B in 1880 and MA and LL.M in 1883. His father, also Thomas Tapling, was a businessman who made a fortune from the manufacture of carpets and household furnishings. His mother was Annie Elizabeth Tapling (née Keay).
Tapling originally intended a career in law, and he was called to the bar at the Middle Temple as a Barrister.
In 1882, however, Thomas Tapling senior died and his son was forced to drop his plans and take over the family business of Thomas Tapling & Son. This does not appear to have been a burden and the business prospered and expanded, providing him with the money to travel and build his stamp collection. He had a reputation as an enlightened employer, who emphasised temperance and thrift to his employees.
Cricket.
Tapling played first-class cricket at Cambridge University, turning out for Trinity College, Trinity College Long Vacation Club and Cambridge University Long Vacation Club. He played for the MCC against Cambridge University in 1886, his sole official first-class match. He was included in George Vernon's side for an 1889/90 tour of India and Ceylon but was unable to play after a close friend was taken ill in Italy and he opted to stay with him.
Politics.
Tapling was a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for the Harborough Division of Leicestershire from 1886 to 1891. He was a member of the Standing Committee on Trade.
Philately.
Tapling began collecting stamps as a schoolboy in 1865. During the 1870s and 1880s he purchased existing collections from other philatelists, including those of William Image, W.A.S. Westoby, Edward B. Evans, and Georges and Martial Caillebotte. By 1887 his collection was second only to that of Philippe Ferrari de La Renotière. Among his holdings were many world famous rarities, including both values of the "Post Office" Mauritius and three examples of the Inverted Head Four Annas of India. It is the only intact private collection formed during the Nineteenth century, with examples of practically every stamp issued world-wide up to 1889.
In 1870 or 1871 Tapling joined the Philatelic Society in London (which subsequently became the Royal Philatelic Society London), being elected to its Committee in 1876. He became Vice-President in 1881 following the death of the former incumbent in a railway accident. The Tapling Medal, in silver, was created in his memory by the RPSL and first awarded in 1920. His name was recorded on the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921 as one of the original "Fathers of Philately".
Death and legacy.
Tapling died at the age of 35 of pleurisy at Gumley Hall, Market Harborough in Leicestershire.
His collection was bequeathed to the British Museum. It currently forms the Tapling Collection in the Philatelic Collections of the British Library. The collection includes these rarities:

</doc>
<doc id="5917728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917728" title="VFA-22">
VFA-22

VFA-22, Strike Fighter Squadron 22, also known as the "Fighting Redcocks", are a United States Navy F/A-18F Super Hornet fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Lemoore. Their tail code is "NA" and their radio callsign alternates between ""Beef"" and ""Beef Eater"".
History.
Strike Fighter Squadron 22 was originally commissioned as Fighter Squadron 63 at Naval Air Station Norfolk, Virginia in 1948, the squadron was re-designated as Attack Squadron 22 in July 1959 after the decommissioning of VF-22 in 1958. The first Redcock aviators flew the F8F Bearcat. Later, Redcocks flew the F4U Corsair, F9F Panther, F9F Cougar, FJ-4 Fury, A-4 Skyhawk, A-7 Corsair II, and the F/A-18C Hornet. Today, the 220 enlisted men and women and 40 officers of VFA-22 are based in NAS Lemoore, California, and have completed the transition from the single seat F/A-18E Super Hornet to the twin-seat F/A-18F Super Hornet.
Over the years, the squadron completed three combat deployments during the Korean War and six combat deployments during the Vietnam War, where it participated in Operation Pocket Money.
1980s.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, VA-22 embarked with Carrier Air Wing 15 aboard USS Kitty Hawk (CV-63) and deployed to the Western Pacific and Indian Ocean. While deployed aboard the USS Enterprise (CVN-65) in April 1988, while in the Persian Gulf, VA-22 aircraft participated in sinking the Iranian Frigate Sahand which fired missiles at two American A-6 Intruders.
1990s.
In 1993, the Fighting Redcocks deployed aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln (CVN-72) to the Persian Gulf and participated in Operation Southern Watch, enforcing the United Nations Southern no-fly zone sanctions over Iraq. Before returning home from deployment, the squadron diverted to the coast of Somalia and provided air support during Operation Continue Hope. 
In December 1998, VFA-22 led the only Carrier Air Wing 11 air strike of Operation Desert Fox.
2000s.
In October 2001, VFA-22 was the first on the scene with USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70) to perform strikes against Taliban and Al Qaeda forces in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom . In 2003, VFA-22 deployed with Carrier Air Wing 9 on board the "Carl Vinson" on an extended eight month Western Pacific deployment in support of the Global War on Terrorism. In July, 2004, VFA-22 transitioned to F/A-18E Super Hornets, and in January, 2006, deployed with Carrier Air Wing 14 on board the USS Ronald Reagan for six months in support of the Global War on Terrorism.
In early 2007, VFA-22, made a surge deployment with Carrier Air Wing 14 and USS Ronald Reagan to the Pacific Ocean with a mixed unit of F/A-18E and F/A-18F as the unit was in the middle of transitioning to the two seater. By the end of 2007, VFA-22 had transitioned to the F/A-18F Super Hornet. 
On 18 May 2008, the carrier and its strike group departed Naval Air Station North Island for a scheduled deployment to an undisclosed location.
On May 28, 2009, VFA-22 and Carrier Air Wing 14 deployed with USS RONALD REAGAN(CVN-76) on a deployment to the 7th and 5th Fleet Areas of Responsibility.
2010s.
In 2010, The squadron re-located from Carrier Air Wing Fourteen to Carrier Air Wing Seventeen sporting the CVW-17 "AA" tailcode, and are now attached to the USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70).

</doc>
<doc id="5917746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917746" title="Soft body dynamics">
Soft body dynamics

Soft body dynamics is a field of computer graphics that focuses on visually realistic physical simulations of the motion and properties of deformable objects (or "soft bodies"). The applications are mostly in video games and film. Unlike in simulation of rigid bodies, the shape of soft bodies can change, meaning that the relative distance of two points on the object is not fixed. While the relative distances of points are not fixed, the body is expected to retain its shape to some degree (unlike a fluid). The scope of soft body dynamics is quite broad, including simulation of soft organic materials such as muscle, fat, hair and vegetation, as well as other deformable materials such as clothing and fabric. Generally, these methods only provide visually plausible emulations rather than accurate scientific/engineering simulations, though there is some crossover with scientific methods, particularly in the case of finite element simulations. Several physics engines currently provide software for soft-body simulation.
Deformable solids.
The simulation of volumetric solid soft bodies can be realised by using a variety of approaches.
Spring/mass models.
In this approach, the body is modeled as a set of point masses (nodes) connected by ideal weightless elastic springs obeying some variant of Hooke's law. The nodes may either derive from the edges of a two-dimensional polygonal mesh representation of the surface of the object, or from a three-dimensional network of nodes and edges modeling the internal structure of the object (or even a one-dimensional system of links, if for example a rope or hair strand is being simulated). Additional springs between nodes can be added, or the force law of the springs modified, to achieve desired effects. Applying Newton's second law to the point masses including the forces applied by the springs and any external forces (due to contact, gravity, air resistance, wind, and so on) gives a system of differential equations for the motion of the nodes, which is solved by standard numerical schemes for solving ODEs. Rendering of a three-dimensional mass-spring lattice is often done using free-form deformation, in which the rendered mesh is embedded in the lattice and distorted to conform to the shape of the lattice as it evolves. Assuming all point masses equal to zero one can obtain the Stretched grid method aimed at several engineering problems solution relative to the elastic grid behavior.
Finite element simulation.
This is a more physically accurate approach, which uses the widely used finite element method to solve the partial differential equations which govern the dynamics of an elastic material. The body is modeled as a three-dimensional elastic continuum by breaking it into a large number of solid elements which fit together, and solving for the stresses and strains in each element using a model of the material. The elements are typically tetrahedral, the nodes being the vertices of the tetrahedra (relatively simple methods exist to "tetrahedralize" a three dimensional region bounded by a polygon mesh into tetrahedra, similarly to how a two-dimensional polygon may be "triangulated" into triangles). The strain (which measures the local deformation of the points of the material from their rest state) is quantified by the strain tensor formula_1. The stress (which measures the local forces per-unit area in all directions acting on the material) is quantified by the Cauchy stress tensor formula_2. Given the current local strain, the local stress can be computed via the generalized form of Hooke's law:
formula_3
where formula_4 is the "elasticity tensor" which encodes the material properties (parametrized in linear elasticity for an isotropic material by the Poisson ratio and Young's modulus).
The equation of motion of the element nodes is obtained by integrating the stress field over each element and relating this, via Newton's second law, to the node accelerations.
Pixelux (developers of the Digital Molecular Matter system) use a finite-element-based approach for their soft bodies, using a tetrahedral mesh and converting the stress tensor directly into node forces. Rendering is done via a form of free-form deformation.
Energy minimization methods.
This approach is motivated by variational principles and the physics of surfaces, which dictate that a constrained surface will 
assume the shape which minimizes the total energy of deformation (analogous to a soap bubble). Expressing the energy of a surface in terms of its local deformation (the energy is due to a combination of stretching and bending), the local force on the surface is given by differentiating the energy with respect to position, yielding an equation of motion which can be solved in the standard ways.
Shape matching.
In this scheme, penalty forces or constraints are applied to the model to drive it towards its original shape (i.e. the material behaves as if it has shape memory). To conserve momentum the rotation of the body must be estimated properly, for example via polar decomposition. To approximate finite element simulation, shape matching can be applied to three dimensional lattices and multiple shape matching constraints blended.
Rigid-body based deformation.
Deformation can also be handled by a traditional rigid-body physics engine, modeling the soft-body motion using a network of multiple rigid bodies connected by constraints, and using (for example) matrix-palette skinning to generate a surface mesh for rendering. This is the approach used for deformable objects in Havok Destruction.
Cloth simulation.
In the context of computer graphics, "cloth simulation" refers to the simulation of soft bodies in the form of two dimensional continuum elastic membranes, that is, for this purpose, the actual structure of real cloth on the yarn level can be ignored (though modeling cloth on the yarn level has been tried). Via rendering effects, this can produce a visually plausible emulation of textiles and clothing, used in a variety of contexts in video games, animation, and film. It can also be used to simulate two dimensional sheets of materials other than textiles, such as deformable metal panels or vegetation. In video games it is often used to enhance the realism of clothed characters, which otherwise would be entirely animated. 
Cloth simulators are generally based on mass-spring models, but a distinction must be made between force-based and position-based solvers.
Force-based cloth.
The mass-spring model (obtained from a polygonal mesh representation of the cloth) determines the internal spring forces acting on the nodes at each timestep (in combination with gravity and applied forces). Newton's second law gives equations of motion which can be solved via standard ODE solvers. To create high resolution cloth with a realistic stiffness is not possible however with simple explicit solvers (such as forward Euler integration), unless the timestep is made too small for interactive applications (since as is well known, explicit integrators are numerically unstable for sufficiently stiff systems). Therefore implicit solvers must be used, requiring solution of a large sparse matrix system (via e.g. the conjugate gradient method), which itself may also be difficult to achieve at interactive frame rates. An alternative is to use an explicit method with low stiffness, with "ad hoc" methods to avoid instability and excessive stretching (e.g. strain limiting corrections).
Position-based dynamics.
To avoid needing to do an expensive implicit solution of a system of ODEs, many real-time cloth simulators (notably PhysX, Havok Cloth, and Maya nCloth) use "position based dynamics" (PBD), an approach based on constraint relaxation. The mass-spring model is converted into a system of constraints, which demands that the distance between the connected nodes be equal to the initial distance. This system is solved sequentially and iteratively, by directly moving nodes to satisfy each constraint, until sufficiently stiff cloth is obtained. This is similar to a Gauss-Seidel solution of the implicit matrix system for the mass-spring model. Care must be taken though to solve the constraints in the same sequence each timestep, to avoid spurious oscillations, and to make sure that the constraints do not violate linear and angular momentum conservation. Additional position constraints can be applied, for example to keep the nodes within desired regions of space (sufficiently close to an animated model for example), or to maintain the body's overall shape via shape matching.
Collision detection for deformable objects.
Realistic interaction of simulated soft objects with their environment may be important for obtaining visually realistic results. Cloth self-intersection is important in some applications for acceptably realistic simulated garments. This is challenging to achieve at interactive frame rates, particularly in the case of detecting and resolving self collisions and mutual collisions between two or more deformable objects. 
Collision detection may be "discrete/a posteriori" (meaning objects are advanced in time through a pre-determined interval, and then any penetrations detected and resolved), or "continuous/a priori" (objects are advanced only until a collision occurs, and the collision is handled before proceeding). The former is easier to implement and faster, but leads to failure to detect collisions (or detection of spurious collisions) if objects move fast enough. Real-time systems generally have to use discrete collision detection, with other "ad hoc" ways to avoid failing to detect collisions.
Detection of collisions between cloth and environmental objects with a well defined "inside" is straightforward since the system can detect unambiguously whether the cloth mesh vertices and faces are intersecting the body and resolve them accordingly. If a well defined "inside" does not exist (e.g. in the case of collision with a mesh which does not form a closed boundary), an "inside" may be constructed via extrusion. Mutual- or self-collisions of soft bodies defined by tetrahedra is straightforward, since it reduces to detection of collisions between solid tetrahedra.
However, detection of collisions between two polygonal cloths (or collision of a cloth with itself) via discrete collision detection is much more difficult, since there is no unambiguous way to locally detect after a timestep whether a cloth node which has penetrated is on the "wrong" side or not. Solutions involve either using the history of the cloth motion to determine if an intersection event has occurred, or doing a global analysis of the cloth state to detect and resolve self-intersections. Pixar has presented a method which uses a global topological analysis of mesh intersections in configuration space to detect and resolve self-interpenetration of cloth. Currently, this is generally too computationally expensive for real-time cloth systems.
To do collision detection efficiently, primitives which are certainly not colliding must be identified as soon as possible and discarded from consideration to avoid wasting time.
To do this, some form of spatial subdivision scheme is essential, to avoid a brute force test of formula_5 primitive collisions. Approaches used include: 
Other applications.
Other effects which may be simulated via the methods of soft-body dynamics are:
Simulating fluids in the context of computer graphics would not normally be considered soft-body dynamics, which is usually restricted to mean simulation of materials which have a tendency to retain their shape and form. In contrast, a fluid assumes the shape of whatever vessel contains it, as the particles are bound together by relatively weak forces.

</doc>
<doc id="5917753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917753" title="Supply ship">
Supply ship

Supply ship may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917763" title="Roma Independent School District">
Roma Independent School District

Roma Independent School District is a public school district based in Roma, Texas (USA). The district currently serves over 6,000 students.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Catchment area.
In addition to the city of Roma, the district serves students residing in western Starr County.
Unincorporated areas served by Roma include:

</doc>
<doc id="5917775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917775" title="Gottfried">
Gottfried

Gottfried is a name of German origin. It consists of the German words for "God" ("Gott") and "peace" ("fried"), and is used as both a first name and as a surname.
Gottfried is the surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="5917776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917776" title="Andrea Zanchetta">
Andrea Zanchetta

Andrea Zanchetta (born 2 February 1975) is a former Italian footballer and current football manager who is now coaching the Juventus Primavera squad.
Club career.
Internazionale.
Born in Gaglianico, Piedmont, Zanchetta started his professional career at Internazionale. After working his way through the club's youth ranks, he made his first team debut in the Italian Serie A on 23 October 1994 against U.S. Foggia. That season he played twice for Inter, both against Foggia.
Ahead of the 1995–96 Serie A season, he left for Foggia in a co-ownership deal. Zanchetta proved to me a mainstay in the line-up at his new club, making 57 league appearances in two seasons. After scoring 7 goals in his second season with the club, Inter bought back the full registration rights to Zanchetta and sold him permanently to Chievo shortly after.
Chievo.
At Chievo he was one of the regular starter, and scored 8 goals in the first season.
Reggina & Vicenza.
After almost relegated to Serie C1, Zanchetta secured a move to Serie A struggler Reggina in co-ownership deal. Zanchetta showed his talent in attack, scored 5 goals in his second Serie A season, in although Reggina was relegated. Co-currently, Chievo won Serie A promotion by finished third and bought back Zanchetta.
He played 2 league matches for Chievo in 2001-02 Serie A season.
In summer 2001, he swapped club with Fabio Firmani, and both club a co-owned the players. He collected 3 goals each in the two season with Vicenza at Serie B.
Chievo Return.
In June 2003, Firmani and Zanchetta moved back to their original clubs. With Chievo, which he was awarded a new contract until June 2007 in March 2004 (along with Salvatore Lanna), he failed to become the regular starter but worked as a good backup player, for the team that had Mario Santana, Luciano, Franco Semioli and Victor Nsofor Obinna in attack. He wore no.10 from 2004 to 2007, toke from Lorenzo D'Anna.
Due to 2006 Italian football scandal, Chievo qualified to 2006–07 UEFA Champions League, he played both legs as attacking midfielder role. He also played in 2006–07 UEFA Cup First Round both legs, as Chievo lost in 2-3 aggregate.
Lecce.
In January 2007, he left for Lecce, in exchanged with Giuseppe Cozzolino. In the first 1½ season he was the regular starter, and won Serie A promotion in 2008, but faced relegation again in 2009.
Cremonese.
In July 2009, he was transferred to Cremonese at Lega Pro Prima Divisione.

</doc>
<doc id="5917783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917783" title="Kisen">
Kisen

When Ki no Tsurayuki wrote the of the "Kokinshū", he selected Kisen as one of the whose work was to be considered as superior. Tsurayuki says the following to comment on Kisen's work.
Kisen is sometimes said to be the author of the poetry collection (also known as the ), but it is probably apocryphal and created well after the end of the Heian period.
The following two of Kisen are the only poems that can be confidently traced back to him.

</doc>
<doc id="5917798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917798" title="Aga Khan Agency for Microfinance">
Aga Khan Agency for Microfinance

Meaning.
Microfinance is the provision of a broad range of financial services, for those who often do not have access, such as - deposits, loans, payment services, money transfers and insurance products - to low-income households to help them raise their income levels and improve their quality of life.
The Aga Khan Agency for Microfinance (AKAM).
AKAM was formally inaugurated in February 2005 by His Highness the Aga Khan and the former president of the World Bank, James Wolfensohn. The not-for-profit agency was created under Swiss law and is based in Geneva, Switzerland. It is governed by an independent Board of Directors chaired by the Aga Khan. AKAM brings together the fincancial services programming of the Aga Khan Development Network (AKDN), at the lower end of the ladder, unifying and consolidating their objectives and principles of development under one institutional umbrella.
The agency belongs to AKDN’s social development branch, and as such AKAM operates in both rural and urban areas, seeks to alleviate poverty by helping to improve incomes and quality of life through various programmes, initiatives, and partnerships. Today, AKAM operates in developing countries including Afghanistan, Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, Egypt, Kenya, the Kyrgyz Republic, Madagascar, Mali, Mozambique, Pakistan, Syria, Tajikistan and Tanzania and provides various microfinance opportunities whose “versatility allows it to be adapted to the needs and circumstances of the poor in urban and in rural environments.”<ref name="AKIV-spch22/2/05"/>
At the end of 2010 it had 156 branches in South, Central Asia, the Middle East, West Africa and East Africa, with 3,120 employees. Since its establishment in 2005, AKAM has assumed responsibility for microfinance programs that were administered by other agencies within AKDN for more than 25 years. At the end of June 2010, the agency managed a loan portfolio of over US $147.7 million in outstanding micro, small and medium sized loans to over 287,240 beneficiaries in 13 countries.
Objectives and Principles.
The underlying objectives of the Agency are to “alleviate economic and social exclusion, diminish the vulnerability of poor populations and reduce poverty” so as to make the beneficiaries “self-reliant and eventually gain the skills needed to graduate to the mainstream financial markets”. To articulate its approach, AKAM has formulated a series of key principles. These are:
Partners.
AKAM throughout the years has received support from numerous institutions all over the world. Support in this case is defined as the provision of funding and/or technical assistance. The following is a list of the international institutions and organizations which as of 2011 have supported AKAM: Agence Francaise de Dévéloppement, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, BlueOrchard, the Canadian International Development Agency, DEG, the European Investment Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden (FMO), Frontiers, the International Finance Corporation, the Japanese International Cooperation Agency, Kreditanstalt fur Wiederaufbau (KfW), MicroFinanza Rating, the Microfinance Investment Support Facility for Afghanistan, Okiocredit, PlaNet Finance Group, Triple Jump, the World Bank Group, the United States Department of Agriculture and the United States Agency for International Development.
Afghanistan.
The First MicroFinance Bank Afghanistan (FMFB-A) was founded in 2003 and became one of the first banks to be under Afghanistan’s legal framework on microfinance. FMFB-A opened its first branch in Kabul in May 2004 with KfW Banking Group and the International Finance Corporation as shareholders. The microfinance market was estimated at over 303,000 clients at the end of 2009, which is still only 18 percent of the two million households living under the poverty line in the country. FMFB-A is currently the largest microfinance institution in Afghanistan in terms of outstanding portfolio size with US$ 45.7 million in 2010 in microfinance loans compared to US$ 39.8 million in 2009. Of the total portfolio, 31 percent of the client base is rural. The institution’s rural portfolio represents 13,490 loans disbursed valued at US$ 22 million. FMFB-A’s, has a network of 45 branches, 17 of which are in rural areas, covering 14 provinces.
Kyrgyz Republic.
The First MicroCredit Company (FMCC), which was launched as a microfinance programme in 2003, was established in its present form as a microcredit company, in 2006. It is the largest microfinance provider in the southern region of the Kyrgyz Republic. Over 950,000 people, or 65 percent of the population, work in the agrarian sector and 44 percent of people in the Kyrgyz Republic work on family farms. The number of FMCC loans outstanding totalled over 11,980 at the end of 2009. This is a 21 percent increase over 2008. About 41 percent of beneficiaries of the loan portfolio were women. Adding together all of the clients, the loans disbursed were valued at more than US$ 13.2 million.
Pakistan.
The First MicroFinance Bank Pakistan (FMFB-P) was the first bank to be licensed in Pakistan, in March 2002, under the country’s new microfinance regulatory framework. It initially began as a programme in Rawalpindi and Karachi in 2002. In 2009, FMFB-P saw a 20 percent increase in its number of loan beneficiaries as well as a 30 percent increase in the number of savers. FMFB-P finished 2010 with over 206,000 outstanding loans valued at US$ 33.3 million. A quarter of FMFB-P’s microcredit beneficiaries are women. More than 180,000 savings clients had deposited over US$ 40 million with the bank by the end of the year. Drawing on other work done on clients needs research, FMFB-P and Harvard University started the development of social performance indicators to understand the needs of urban and rural clients so that they can develop products to better serve their clients.
Tajikistan.
Tajikistan is one of the least developed of the 15 former Soviet Republics partially due to limited employment possibilities in the country. The First MicroFinance Bank Tajikistan (FMFB-T) received its banking licence and commenced operations as a microfinance bank in July 2004. FMFB-T is currently one of two microfinance banks in the country along with numerous microfinance institutions. Around 350,000 households are estimated to be living under the poverty line, out of which it is estimated that 127,000 households had access to microfinance services at the end of December 2010. At the end of 2009, FMFB-T had 11,705 outstanding loans with a total value of US$ 20.3 million.
Egypt.
The First MicroFinance Foundation (FMF) was established in 2005 and was able to maintain a portfolio at risk in line with worldwide best practices, achieving 98 percent operational sustainability. FMF reached nearly 19,000 beneficiaries in 2009, with outstanding loans totalling US$ 4.5 million. The proportion of women borrowers has been maintained at 45 percent. Demand for microfinance is estimated at 20 million households, and only one million of those households are currently being served by existing microfinance entities. A small and medium enterprise department at FMF, which was piloted in May 2009, has financed a number of businesses in Darb al-Ahmar, one of the poorest areas in Cairo.
Syria.
The First MicroFinance Institution Syria (FMFI-S) was established as a programme in March 2003 and was the first private-sector microfinance service provider in Syria. In 2009, the institution was transformed into a regulated non-bank financial institution under the new Syrian microfinance law. This allowed it to invite other shareholders, such as IFC, KfW, and EIB, and mobilise deposits from the public. At the end of 2010, FMFI-S had an outstanding portfolio of 20,004 loans valued at US$ 21.3 million.
West Africa.
The Première Agence de MicroFinance (PAMF) was established in 2006 to serve Mali, Burkina Faso and Côte d'Ivoire. The number of loans disbursed in these three countries was about 32,000 in 2009. This represents a 27 percent increase compared to 2008. The value of outstanding loans was over US$ 4.4 million, up from US$ 3.4 million in 2008. Women made up 46 percent of borrowers. Deposits increased over 2008, up 50 percent in number to just over 10,000, more than doubling in value to US$ 722,000. Currently, PAMF’s activities are overwhelmingly concentrated in rural areas and on rural products. About 85 percent of loans in the region are disbursed from rural branches. The PAMF microfinance institutions offer credit for cereal commercialisation, horticulture, animal fattening and alternatives to cotton growing.
East Africa.
In East Africa, AKAM’s primary objective is to provide loans to microenterprises and small businesses for income generating activities such as small-scale agriculture, fishing and retail. AKAM’s East African institutions disbursed about 8,640 loans in 2009, with 45 percent of the beneficiaries being women. The value of outstanding loans surpassed US$ 1.8 million. Two new branches were opened in Chiure, Mozambique and Zanzibar, Tanzania which brought AKAM’s presence in the region to 10 branches in three countries–the third being Kenya.
Madagascar.
The Première Agence de MicroFinance in Madagascar (PAMF-Madagascar) was established in December 2006 as a credit institution with the first four branches established in the region of Sofia, a rural area in the north of Madagascar. In late 2008, PAMF-Madagascar became a microfinance institution. It began taking deposits in July 2009. Today, PAMF-Madagascar has 11 branches in five regions of Madagascar (Sofia, Analamanga, Boeny, Diana and Itasy) and it now operates in both rural and urban areas. At the end of 2009, over 9,500 outstanding loans were distributed by PAMF-Madagascar. These totalled over US$ 1.8 million and over 1,100 savers deposited with PAMF-Madagascar.
Programmes, Initiatives and Services.
Housing Loans.
One of the key priorities for the agency was the development of a housing portfolio and methodology throughout six countries. Many of AKAM's institutions offer loans for the refurbishment and renovation of homes. By providing credit to poor families to restore and upgrade their homes, AKAM institutions are contributing to genuine improvements in the quality of life of its constituents.
In Afghanistan, the First MicroFinance Bank (FMFB-A) piloted a habitat improvement product in 2008. With the support of IFC, a housing microfinance loan product was developed.
As of December 2010, FMFB-A had 5,003 outstanding housing improvement loans and an outstanding total housing loan portfolio of US$ 6,759,010. This product is available in 21 urban branches and now FMFB-A is looking at adapting the product for rural areas – conducting a rural demand and repayment capacity survey to develop the most suitable product for these areas.
In collaboration with the Aga Khan Planning and Building Services, Pakistan and the Aga Khan Foundation USA, along with a grant from the United States Agency for International Development, FMFB-A will be providing construction advisory services in 2011.
In 2010, the agencies took the first step and developed guidelines for the construction and retrofitting of non-engineered buildings. Based on those standards, FMFB-A will provide construction appraisal and advisory services and promote innovative housing upgrades.
Construction advisory services consider a number of factors. These include site and construction material selection and construction design with regards to disaster mitigation, particularly in earthquake prone areas; and material selection and construction design with regards to sustainability, energy efficiency, sanitation and other health aspects. If these factors are taken into consideration, the housing infrastructure that is insufficient in both quantity and quality can be improved.
Small and Medium Enterprise (SME) Loans.
Small and medium enterprises are often referred to as the “missing middle” in developing country economies. While individual microenterprises help to sustain and support the core livelihoods of families and households and are central to improving quality of life and alleviating poverty, SME activity is at the heart of growth, sustaining jobs and employment creation for all including youth and disadvantaged individuals.
Additionally, the job creation element of SMEs can enable many poor people to feel more secure, because SME loans provide a mechanism to smooth incomes so that SMEs can employ and pay monthly salaries.
Through its SME lending, AKAM aims to stimulate sustainable employment to promote economic development and poverty alleviation. AKAM also supports investment in community services for broader improvements, such as improved access to health care and education, and upgrades in the built environment.
In 2008, based on the success in Afghanistan, the first institution to offer SME loans, AKAM launched a pilot of a similar SME initiative in Egypt which added an integrated in-house business development services component provided directly by AKAM’s microfinance institution in Egypt.
SMEs, on average, are responsible for the creation of around 20 full and part-time jobs per business. This provides the poor with a way to maintain or improve their quality of life in the face of uncertainty. Moreover, gaining access to financial services is a critical step in connecting the poor to a broader economic life and building their confidence so that they can play a role in the larger community.
Call Centre.
At the First MicroFinance Institution Syria (FMFI-S) it was found that beside the branch network, FMFI-S had no other channels in place to sell its products and/or service to its clients. The institution decided that the set-up of a call centre would improve its service and eventually its outreach. International best practices have also shown that for the microfinance client target group, this channel can be very successful and cost effective.
Some seven million Syrians, about 38 percent of the country’s population, have a mobile phone. This makes getting in touch with clients and others who have shown an interest in getting a microfinance loan easier. With the help of the Frankfurt School of Finance & Management, FMFI-S started the process of improving customer service by upgrading the staffs’ skills and reducing loan approval time.
To ensure that the clients were getting the best possible service, FMFI-S established a call centre to handle customer complaints; customer queries; or to get information to dormant clients or to people referred by other clients.
The call centre handles product issues including promotional campaigns. This call centre also allows the institution to diversify and expand the SME client base using lower cost solutions than the expansion of the branch network.
By the end of 2010, seven outbound campaigns had been executed. The result of this campaign was that 32 percent of those who were called had a conversation with an FMFI-S staff member. Of this 32 percent, about 10 percent of them went into a branch and got a loan. Although the actual outreach through the call centre only equaled three percent of total loans disbursed, this is expected to increase in the coming months.
All branches have anecdotally noticed that the call centre has played a role in attracting new clients. Though there is an increased traffic burden on the branches, the call centre has contributed to the increasing number of visitors (potential clients) in Damascus and Masyaf branches.
Agricultural Lending.
Given the scarce access to financial services among the rural poor and the importance of agriculture as a critical livelihood activity, agricultural finance is a key focus area for AKAM. Several of AKAM’s institutions, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, Pakistan, the Kyrgyz Republic and Tajikistan, have significant rural outreach and agriculture portfolios, but the unmet demand is still vast. Where there are sister agencies, AKAM’s entities collaborate to help increase the farmers’ yield.
PAMF Madagascar’s focus is to expand outreach in rural areas where the microfinance penetration rate is extremely low – currently at around 3.5 percent – and where poverty is high. Consequently, 62 percent of its loans are rural. Although agriculture is a mainstay of the economy, employing 80 percent of the population, access to agricultural finance is low, particularly among PAMF-Mada’s focus areas of Sofia and Itasy.
The focus of PAMF-Mada’s initial rural expansion has been small agricultural loans – in 2010, 48 percent of the numbers of loan disbursements were for agriculture. PAMF Madagascar also collaborates with AKF to provide loans to rice farmers organised and trained by AKF in improved cultivation practices. To continue to support its target market, PAMF Madagascar expects small agricultural loans to remain an important share of its lending activity. However, to support growth in agriculture more broadly, increase impact and support sustainability, PAMF Madagascar plans to introduce an agricultural SME product to develop appropriate financial services for other actors and gaps in the rice value chain in particular.
In the Kyrgyz Republic the First MicroCredit Company (FMCC) is the largest microfinance provider in the southern region of the country. Given FMCC’s mandate to target the poor and underserved, it maintains a strong rural and agricultural focus with agricultural and livestock loans representing 73 percent of disbursements by number in 2010. The Kyrgyz Republic’s agricultural products include cotton, vegetables and fruits. As far as total production, the largest crop is assorted types of animal fodder to feed livestock. The second largest crop is winter wheat, followed by barley, corn and rice. Animal husbandry is the main economic input in the mountainous regions and so sheep, goats, cattle and wool are popular products to sell as are chickens, horses, pigs and in some areas, yaks. This means that not all clients will be equally affected by weather conditions or disease outbreaks.
References.
External Links

</doc>
<doc id="5917799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917799" title="Dietmar Feichtinger">
Dietmar Feichtinger

Dietmar Feichtinger (born 18 November 1961) is an Austrian architect established since 1989 in Paris.
Feichtinger was born in Bruck an der Mur. He studied architecture at the Graz University of Technology and graduated cum laude in 1988. After gaining initial experience with Prof. Huth, Prof. Giencke and Prof. Kada, he moved to Paris in 1989, working at Chaix/Morel where he was appointed associate architect and project manager. In 1994 he founded Feichtinger Architectes, with headquarters in Paris, and in 2002 he opened a subsidiary in Vienna. Feichtinger has taught at a number of universities since 1994 - the University of Paris 6-La Villette, the RWTH Aachen, the University of Innsbruck and the University of Vienna - and has lectured extensively on the work of the practice. In 1998 he was awarded the Kunstpreis Berlin by the Academy of Arts.
He designed the Simone-de-Beauvoir footbridge in Paris, exceptional 190 m free-span in innovating the new combined structure, won the European competition for the Mont Saint-Michel pedestrian causeway bridge (completion Summer 2014) and the Three Countries Bridge the longest arch footbridge in the world linking France and Germany over the Rhine(inaugurated 30 June 2007).
He pays close attention to the structures. "The bones of the building - that is what every architect should be interested in." His bridges are, in that sense, a stylistic exercise: "This is all-revealing architecture, you can conceal nothing. It is the basic principles that make the project."
Bibliography.
Feichtinger Architectes "Passerelle Simone-de-Beauvoir Paris", AAM Editions, Brüssel 2007, ISBN 978-2-87143-175-6

</doc>
<doc id="5917839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917839" title="Cock Robin (album)">
Cock Robin (album)

Cock Robin is the first album by American band Cock Robin and was released in 1985. 
It was a Top 10 hit album in numerous European countries whereas it charted only at #61 in the United States Top 75. The singles "When Your Heart Is Weak" and "The Promise You Made" met with the most success in Europe, and still get regular airplay on adult contemporary and pop music stations in countries like France and the Netherlands.
Track listing.
All songs by Peter Kingsbery.
Misc.
Produced by Steve Hillage
Singles:

</doc>
<doc id="5917848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917848" title="Emilia Butler, Countess of Ossory">
Emilia Butler, Countess of Ossory

Emilia Butler, Countess of Ossory (baptised 4 March 1635, The Hague – buried 12 December 1688, London), born Emilia van Nassau-Beverweerd, was an Anglo-Dutch courtier.
Emilia was born in Holland to Lodewijk van Nassau, Lord of Beverweerd, the Governor of 's-Hertogenbosch, and his wife, Isabella, Countess of Hornes. Her elder sister, Elisabeth van Nassau-Beverweerd (1631–1717), became the wife of the prominent Stuart politician Henry Bennet, 1st Earl of Arlington; her brother was the famous Dutch field marshal Hendrik Van Nassau-Ouwerkerk.
Emilia was married in Den Bosch in the Netherlands on 14 November 1659 to Thomas Butler, viscount Thurles (1633–1680), the eldest son and heir of the Irish peer James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde, and accompanied him to England, where she was naturalized by Act of Parliament (1660). Lord Thurles became earl of Ossory several years later when his father achieved the dukedom (1662).
The countess was presented to Catherine of Braganza, the wife of Charles II of England upon her arrival in London and was appointed as lady-in-waiting to the queen at Hampton Court Palace. She attended the queen at Greenwich Palace when the latter met her mother-in-law, Queen Henrietta Maria, for the first time (August 1662). During the outbreak of the plague (1665) the countess accompanied the queen and her household to the safety of Hampton Court, later removing to Oxford. She accompanied the king and queen to Dover to farewell the Duchesse d'Orleans on her final visit (June 1670). During the plots directed against the queen and other prominent Catholic figures, the countess and others of the queen's ladies came under the suspicion of being secret papists (1678).
Lady Ossory served Queen Catherine for over twenty years, retiring from service after the death of Charles II (1685). A famous beauty, her portrait was painted by Wissing. She was buried in Westminster Abbey in London on 12 December 1688.
Her children included:

</doc>
<doc id="5917850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917850" title="Vilma Ibarra">
Vilma Ibarra

Vilma Lidia Ibarra (born May 21, 1960) is an Argentine politician, formerly Senator for Buenos Aires and now a National Deputy. She is the sister of Aníbal Ibarra, the former Chief of the Buenos Aires government.
Ibarra was born in Lomas de Zamora, Buenos Aires Province and moved to the city of Buenos Aires in 1966. She studied at the Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires where she led the communist youth wing. She graduated in law at the University of Buenos Aires and worked as a lawyer.
In 1996, Ibarra became a national deputy and Secretary of the FrePaSo block in the Chamber. In 1999 she was elected to the Senate. In 2000 she became a city councillor in Buenos Aires, taking a leading role in her brother's administration. In 2001 she was re-elected to the Senate. Since 2003 she has been a supporter of Peronist President Néstor Kirchner. 
In August 2004, Ibarra proposed legislation to legalise abortion in certain circumstances. In 2007 she suggested legislative changes to permit same sex marriage.
In 2007, Ibarra stepped down from the Senate and was re-elected as a national deputy for Buenos Aires, second on the list of Kirchner's Front for Victory. She sits in the Popular and Social Encounter block.

</doc>
<doc id="5917858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917858" title="Helfgott">
Helfgott

Helfgott is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5917865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917865" title="Sigered">
Sigered

Sigered can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917870" title="Privilege of Evil">
Privilege of Evil

Privilege of Evil is an EP by the Finnish band Amorphis released in 1993. It is a collection of demo material from Amorphis' early career recorded in Timo Tolkki's (Stratovarius) TTT Studio in 1991. At that time only two of these songs were picked for the band's first 7" single, but the full session was released two years later on this EP. On the EP's reissue by Relapse Records, the band became upset to hear that their early material was released. The material on this EP was originally meant to be for a split album with Incantation, which never materialized. Incantation's half of the split would only be released individually sixteen years later as the "Blasphemous Cremation" EP.

</doc>
<doc id="5917894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917894" title="Sikes">
Sikes

Sikes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5917896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917896" title="Niemann Foods">
Niemann Foods

Niemann Foods (NFI) is a company headquartered in Quincy, Illinois that owns and operates over 100 supermarkets, convenience, pet and hardware stores mostly under the County Market, County Market Express, Cub Foods, ACE Hardware, Pet Supplies Plus, Pick-A-Dilly and Save-A-Lot banners in Illinois, Iowa, and Missouri. Niemann Foods' Save-A-Lot stores offer a limited assortment of groceries at discount prices while Cub Foods and County Market are conventional grocery stores. The regional grocery store operator is growing and expanding market share in the Central Illinois and Missouri. The employee-owned, family-run company was founded in 1917 by brothers Ferd and Steve Niemann and is currently headed by Rich Niemann.
History.
The company has its roots in 1917 when Ferd Niemann, Sr and Steve Niemann opened their first grocery store. Within a decade they would open and run 30 corner grocery shops. By 1940 they opened the first full-service supermarket in Quincy, IL.

</doc>
<doc id="5917903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917903" title="Lalla of Arneae">
Lalla of Arneae

Lalla of Arneae (fl. c80 – c100 AD) was a Graeco-Roman civic benefactor.
Lalla was the daughter of Teimarchos of Arneae in Lycia, Asia Minor, and became the wife of a nobleman named Diotomos. She served as priestess to the Imperial cult, and was responsible for the construction of a public meeting house (parochion) and a gymnasium, jointly with her husband. For these public benefactions the couple were honoured with inscriptions put up by the city of Arneae and by the Lycian League.
References.
R. van Bremen, The Limits of Participation (1996)

</doc>
<doc id="5917918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917918" title="Abdi Hasan Awale Qeybdiid">
Abdi Hasan Awale Qeybdiid

Abdi Hasan Awale or Abdi Qeybdiid (, ) was born in 1948 in Galkacyo, Somalia. He was elected on August 14th, 2012 as the new president of Galmudug state, a semi-atonomous region in Somalia. In December 2006, he led an engagement on behalf of the Transitional Federal Government (TFG), backed by a sizable contingent of Ethiopian troops, known as the Battle of Bandiradley. He is also the "Mad Abdi" of the July 12, 1993 Abdi House Raid, which presaged the First Battle of Mogadishu.
Career synopsis.
Qeybdiid rose to prominence as Mohammed Farrah Aidid's interior minister in its clashes with UN forces during the so-called "nation-building" phase of UNOSOM II in 1993. Like Aidid, he is a member of the Sacad sub-clan of the Habar Gedir clan.
In 1993, an assault force of Delta Force commandos backed up by nearly 140 United States Army Rangers and four US Army Special Forces operators under the command of Gen. William F. Garrison and Col. Lee Van Arsdale captured Qeybdiid together with Osman Ali Atto. He stayed in American custody for some months. The arrest is portrayed in the film Black Hawk Down.
By 2001, he was the chief of police over Mogadishu as part of the new Transitional National Government (TNG).
In 2006, he fought with the Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism (ARPCT) against the Islamic Courts Union in the Second Battle of Mogadishu. They surrendered on 11 July 2006, the last Alliance forces to do so.
An August 24, 2006 article in the "Sudan Tribune" alleges Qeybdiid's involvement with a shadowy Ethiopian-backed intelligence unit known as the Central Revolutionary Investigation Department.
In late 2006, after retreating from Mogadishu, he fought under the name of the newly formed autonomous region known as Galmudug but without any known affiliation or permission as yet. He led its forces, fighting alongside Ethiopia and Puntland allies, in the Battle of Bandiradley.
On January 1, 2007, he returned to Mogadishu where he pled for there to be no reprisals against the defeated Islamists.
Arrest in Sweden.
In 2005, he was arrested in Lund, Sweden on suspicion of genocide, but released after a hearing in Gothenburg found insufficient evidence for a prosecution. 
In October 2005, the Swedish newspaper "Svenska Dagbladet" reported that a video recording incriminating Qeybdid had circulated amongst politically active exiled Somalis for a long time. The film showed how the police chief participated in the execution of young boys in the Somali town of Kismayo in 1991. The sequence is described as brutal, showing someone allegedly looking like Qeybdid interrogating a group of captured child soldiers before giving his militamen orders to open fire on them and kill them. 
Other claims related to his role in the militia of Mohamed Farrah Aidid in 1993, the time of the First Battle of Mogadishu.
The Swedish authorities' attempts to interrogate Qeybdid proved fruitless, as he refused to answer questions on the grounds that the interpreter provided for him was a member of an enemy clan. The defence attorney appointed to him said, however, that he maintained his innocence.
It is believed that the murder of Swedish journalist Martin Adler in Mogadishu could have been carried out by his followers in retaliation for this arrest. However, rumors abound about the motives behind the killing, and no evidence linking Qeybdid to the murder has ever been produced.

</doc>
<doc id="5917934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917934" title="Kermit Independent School District">
Kermit Independent School District

Kermit Independent School District is a public school district located in Kermit, Texas (USA) that serves students in northeastern Winkler County and encompasses 398.09 square miles . The City of Kermit is located just under the southeast corner of New Mexico at the intersection of Texas State Highways 18, 115, and 302, and is approximately 46 miles west of Odessa. The enrollment of the district was 1235 at the beginning of the 2010–2011 school year.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
Kermit ISD has three campuses:

</doc>
<doc id="5917947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917947" title="Corbon, Orne">
Corbon, Orne

Corbon is a French commune in the Orne department in north-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="5917957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917957" title="Joe Campa">
Joe Campa

Joe R. Campa, Jr. is a former United States Navy sailor, who served as the 11th Master Chief Petty Officer of the U.S. Navy.
Early life and education.
Campa was born in Lynwood, California and grew up in Southern California. Campa is a distinguished honor graduate of the U.S. Navy Senior Enlisted Academy. He also graduated from the U.S. Army Sergeants Major Academy in May 2003 and completed the Command Sergeants Major course. He holds a Bachelor of Science Degree from Excelsior College. In March 2006 he graduated from the Naval War College with a Master of Arts degree in National Security and Strategic Studies.
Career.
Campa enlisted in the U.S. Navy on 2 June 1980. He completed Recruit Training and Hospital Corpsman "A" School in San Diego, California.
His duty assignments include , San Diego; Naval Medical Center, San Diego, California; Seventh Marine Regiment, First Marine Division, Camp Pendleton; Naval Hospital, Long Beach, California; Third Force Service Support Group, Fleet Marine Force, Okinawa, Japan; Naval Hospital Bremerton, Washington; First Force Service Support Group during the Persian Gulf War; San Diego, California; and Naval Training Center, Great Lakes, Illinois.
Campa was selected to the Command Master Chief (CMDCM) program in May 1999. He reported to in Yokosuka, Japan as Command Master Chief in November 1999 and served until June 2002.
During his tour as CMDCM, the ship deployed to the North Arabian Sea in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. From June 2003 to February 2005, Campa served as the Command Master Chief for , homeported in Guam. Prior to being selected to be MCPON he was the Command Master Chief at Joint Task Force Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. He was sworn in as MCPON 11 in July 2006.
Retirement.
On 7 November 2008, Campa announced his plans to step down as MCPON on 12 December 2008 and to retire on 1 April 2009. On 5 December 2008, Fleet Master Chief Rick D. West was announced as 12th MCPON. Campa received the Navy Distinguished Service Medal during his retirement ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="5917961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917961" title="Transports Publics du Chablais">
Transports Publics du Chablais

In the interests of the communities in the Chablais region, at the eastern end of Lake Geneva, it was decided in 1999, to bring together passenger transport companies, to co-ordinate and develop services and investment in transport in the area. This new grouping became known as Transports Publics du Chablais (TPC).
Formation.
The Transports Publics du Chablais was formed, in 2000, as a result of the 1999 merger talks when four railway companies: Aigle-Leysin (AL); Aigle-Ollon-Monthey-Champéry (AOMC); Aigle-Sépey-Diablerets (ASD) and Bex-Villars-Bretaye (BVB) came together, the merger evolving from the Transports Publics du Chablais Operating Community created in 1975 in the interest of the four railways. The TPC has also developed its bus lines by operating several of these at the request of local authorities : Tonkin bus service (Aigle-Vionnaz-St. Gingolph), Aigle-Villeneuve bus service as part of the Réseau Express Vaudois commuter system, municipal bus service in Aigle, and the Bex-Monthey bus line in partnership with PostBus.
Investment.
The investments are significant and constitute a major burden for some of the local communities but with the stringent management methods imposed by the 1996 Railway Reform Act, applicable to all concession transport companies, TPC is responsible for staying within the budget negotiated with the cantonal and federal authorities. However the company still continues to receive the support in recognition of the value of an attractive public transport system.
Key projects, taking the system into the first years of the new millennium, have involved a three year programme, at a cost of CHF 42 million, to completely rebuild Aigle's Place de la Gare in partnership with the local authority and the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB/CFF/FFS). The project, which has seen new platforms brought into use at the main station to accommodate the AL, ASD and AOMC, adjacent to those of the SBB/CFF/FFS, also included the construction of AOMC track alongside CFF track towards the new Transports Publics du Chablais depot and workshops at En Châlex. A special ceremony was held on Saturday, 6 October 2007 to mark the completion of the work. With some 3 million passengers using its facilities each year Aigle is the second most important station in Vaud after Lausanne. (Source : "Le bleu matin", 8.10.2007)
On 27 August 2007 it was announced that major works, involving extensive, temporary, closures with trains replaced by buses, would take place over the winter months involving all the Transports Publics du Chablais railway lines.
There are also plans, awaiting approval, for the extension of the Aigle-Leysin line. If this can be extended to the Berneuse passengers will be able to travel, without transfers, to a site considered to be of exceptional scenic beauty with breathtaking views of the Alps, Jura and Lake Geneva. This project is an investment designed to benefit the entire region and offer a boost to tourism, its No. 1 industry.
Landslide problems.
Following research into landslide problems on sections of the line it was found necessary to carry out urgent work. The Aigle-Sepey-Diablerets line closed for one week over the Christmas and New Year period 2006/7 and for a month from 27 March 2007, following the end of the high season for tourists, the largest users of the line. This is not a new problem for the line which needs work to stabilise the adjacent soil and rock, much of which is covered in coniferous forest. The work was carried out in four stages, the initial work being to erect just over 150 m of mesh barrier to prevent falling rock reaching the line and to offer protection to the workers on later stages of the scheme when supporting walls were rebuilt. During the work the trains were replaced by bus services covering the affected parts of the line. The total cost of CHF 1.5 million, seen as an investment by the Transport Public Chablais, saw the line fully reopened by the end of April 2007.
From ASD, AL, AOMC, and BVB railways of the TPC.
The ASD (Aigle-Sepey-Diablerets) railway routes east from Aigle to the ski resort of Diablerets. The AL (Aigle-Leysin) railway routes east from Aigle to the ski resort and grand vista of Leysin. The AOMC (Aigle-Ollon-Monthey-Champerey) railway routes west from Aigle to the ski resort of Champery. These railways plus the BVB (Bex-Villars-Bretaye) which railway routes east from Bex, a village just south of Aigle are operated by Transports Publics du Chablais with motto: "Depuis plus de cent ans et contre toute attente, des lignes des TPC reunissent plaine et montagne, Vaud et Valais, ville et campagne, terres catholiques et protestantes." Translated roughly: "For over 100 years and contrary to all expectations, the railways of TPC have joined plain and mountain, town and country, of the Vaud and Valais districts of Switzerland, land of both Catholics and Protestants." The ASD, the AL, and the BVB railways operate in the Canton of Vaud. The AOMC operates into the Canton of Valais when it leaves Aigle and crosses the Rhone river to reach Monthey and Champery.
In 2010 the railway took a step towards a unified brand image with the introduction of a two - tone green livery for its units.
Line lengths and voltages.
Passengers carried: In 2007 TPC carried 2.1 million passengers, producing 14.5 million passenger-km. In 2008, after opening of the new narrow-gauge platforms in Aigle and the new depot, it was decided to change the voltage on the AOMC line from 900 to 1500V DC. Some AOMC trainsets were adapted while older ones will be retired. Some AL and ASD trainsets reach the new depot trackage under reduced power.
Maps of the railways.
The Transports Publics du Chablais website provides excellent topographical color maps of the four Transports Publics du Chablais railway lines and route descriptions, although in French. See the Bex, Chablais, Vaud, and Valais Wikipedia websites for more information.

</doc>
<doc id="5917965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917965" title="Silver wattle">
Silver wattle

Silver wattle is the common name of two plant species:

</doc>
<doc id="5917968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917968" title="BETDAQ">
BETDAQ

BETDAQ is the trading name of Global Betting Exchange Alderney Limited (GBEA), whose registered office is Millennium House, Ollivier Street, St Anne, Alderney, GY9 3TD. GBEA was originally part of the Global Betting Exchange (GBE) group of companies founded in 2000 by leading Irish businessman Dermot Desmond who had the vision of creating a website where fans come together to bet with each other over the internet. GBEA was acquired by Ladbrokes PLC in February 2013. BETDAQ is the second largest betting exchange operator with 7% market share.
History.
BETDAQ was founded in 2000 by leading Irish businessman Dermot Desmond and started trading in September 2001. Its headquarters are located in the International Financial Services Centre in Dublin, and it employs over 200 people. In 2013 BETDAQ was sold to Ladbrokes for €30m.
BETDAQ offers betting markets on a range of international sporting and other events and claims to handle in excess of £75M worth of bets every week.
BETDAQ brings together bettors from around the world and allows gamblers to bet against one another, rather than using the odds set by a bookmaker. BETDAQ charges a commission on all winning bets, which is set at 3 percent of the net winnings for most markets, this can vary depending on the amount of commission that is paid.
Operations.
Since BETDAQ was launched in 2000 it has become the second largest online betting exchange company in the UK and the largest betting exchange technology provider in the world. BETDAQ operate a number of sports betting brokerages and websites from a central exchange hub providing partners with market pricing for sports wagering and risk management. The central Global Betting Exchange Alderney (GBEA) hub matches in excess of £75m worth of bets from members and brokerages around the world each week to a value in excess of $7bn annually. It has a team of 50 IT developers and has invested in excess of $30m in the platform to date.
In early 2011, BETDAQ finalised a deal for technology software from GTS, a CryptoLogic Inc company, and soft launched BETDAQ Games which it integrated into the network.
In October 2012, BETDAQ launched BETDAQNFL, a dedicated micro site that offers live streamed video match commentary direct from the USA. This site is dedicated entirely to the NFL and contains live NFL video previews along with results, chat and tips from resident pundit John Arnette. Shane McLaughlin, Marketing Director at BETDAQ, said 'The popularity of American Football in the UK and Ireland is bigger than ever and we saw the need to offer punters a dedicated NFL site where they can get tips and information direct from NFL experts in the USA. NFL is a great sport for in-running betting with huge swings in prices and we're playing our part by giving punters access to live betting analysis and tips as the games are going on.'
Sponsorship.
In January 2011, BETDAQ penned a "six-figure" deal with Kempton Park Racecourse which allowed BETDAQ account holders complimentary access to Kempton Park on Wednesday night fixtures. The arrangement also meant that 176 races would be sponsored by BETDAQ over the year. BETDAQ marketing director Shane McLaughlin said "BETDAQ has been a consistent supporter of British Horse Racing throughout our 10-year history, and we are delighted to continue that support with this sponsorship".
In July 2011, BETDAQ became the official online betting partner of Celtic Football Club. The partnership was announced at a ceremony held a Celtic Park by Sky Sport pundit Alan McInally, the former Scotland striker who works as a brand ambassador for BETDAQ.
In September 2011, BETDAQ became a sponsor of London Irish Rugby Club. Under the terms of the agreement, the BETDAQ logo was displayed on the back of London Irish team shirts for all Aviva Premiership games and Heineken Cup matches. Richard Marsh, commercial director of London Irish, said "Through this partnership we are looking forward to working with Shane and his team on engaging with our supporter base in new and innovative ways…We are extremely proud to be BETDAQ's first investment in rugby. In October 2012, BETDAQ donated its London Irish shirt sponsorship to Concern Worldwide for the Amlin Challenge Cup fixture. Rose Caldwell, Executive Director for Concern Worldwide said: 'I would like to take this opportunity to thank BETDAQ for offering us their position on the London Irish shirt. We are overwhelmed by their generosity which will allow us a great platform to make rugby supporters aware of our organisation and the work we do to transform the lives of the poorest people in the world.' 

</doc>
<doc id="5917974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917974" title="Order of battle Defense of the Great Wall">
Order of battle Defense of the Great Wall

The following units and commanders fought in the Defense of the Great Wall of the Second Sino-Japanese War. List as of 20 March 1933.
China.
Military Committee (Peking branch) - Chairman Chiang Kai-Shek, He Yingqin (deputy)
Later Reinforcements from Chiang Kai-shek to defend Peiking.

</doc>
<doc id="5917975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917975" title="Eugénie Charen">
Eugénie Charen

Eugénie Honorée Marguerite Charen (1786 – after 1824) was a French painter.
Sometimes known as Mme de Servières, she trained under Lethière and specialized in genre period paintings, and was awarded medals by the Paris Salon of 1808 and 1817 for her work. Her "Matilda makes Malek Abdel promise to become a Christian" (1812) was engraved by Mme Soyer, whilst the evocative "Inez de Castro and her Children at the feet of the king of Portugal" remains at the Trianon Palace at Versailles, near Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="5917977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917977" title="Casey Barrett">
Casey Barrett

Casey Barrett (born February 16, 1975 in Montreal, Quebec) is a former international butterfly swimmer, who competed for Canada at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. There he finished in 11th position in the 200m butterfly.
He now teaches Imagine Swimming on 25th Street in his new hometown, New York City. He talks of making a comeback bid.

</doc>
<doc id="5917981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917981" title="Akoumia">
Akoumia

Akoumia is a traditional Cretan village of about 450 people in the southern part of the Rethymno regional unit, famous for the two Triopetra (meaning three stones) beaches. It is part of the municipality Agios Vasileios.

</doc>
<doc id="5917992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917992" title="1998 Super 12 season">
1998 Super 12 season

The 1998 Super 12 season was the third season of the Super 12, contested by teams from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. The season ran from February to May 1998, with each team playing all the others once. At the end of the regular season, the top four teams entered the playoff semi finals, with the first placed team playing the fourth and the second placed team playing the third. The winner of each semi final qualified for the final, which was contested by the Auckland Blues and the Canterbury Crusaders at Eden Park, Auckland. The Canterbury Crusaders won 20 – 13 to win their first Super 12 title.
Teams.
The 1998 Super 12 competition consisted of 12 teams, they were:
The Blues (New Zealand)
The Brumbies (Australia)
The Bulls (South Africa)
The Cats (South Africa)
The Chiefs (New Zealand)
The Crusaders (New Zealand)
The Highlanders (New Zealand)
The Hurricanes (New Zealand)
The Reds (Australia)
The Sharks (South Africa)
The Stormers (South Africa)
The Waratahs (Australia)
Finals.
Semi finals.
<br>
Notes and References.
Further reading.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5917998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5917998" title="1999 Super 12 season">
1999 Super 12 season

The 1999 Super 12 season was the fourth season of the Super 12, contested by teams from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. The season ran from February to May 1999, with each team playing all the others once. At the end of the regular season, the top four teams entered the playoff semi finals, with the first placed team playing the fourth and the second placed team playing the third. The winner of each semi final qualified for the final, which was contested by the Canterbury Crusaders and the Otago Highlanders at Carisbrook, Dunedin. The Crusaders won 24 – 19 to win their second Super 12 title.
Teams.
The 1999 Super 12 competition consisted of 12 teams, four from South Africa, three from Australia and five from New Zealand.
ACT Brumbies (Australia)
Auckland Blues (New Zealand)
Canterbury Crusaders (New Zealand)
Cats (South Africa)
Northern Bulls (South Africa)
Otago Highlanders (New Zealand)
Queensland Reds (Australia)
Sharks (South Africa)
Stormers (South Africa)
Waikato Chiefs (New Zealand)
Waratahs (Australia)
Wellington Hurricanes (New Zealand)
Notes and References.
Further reading.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5918004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918004" title="3rei Sud Est">
3rei Sud Est

3rei Sud Est (also spelled 3 Sud Est or 3SE, styled forms of "Trei Sud-Est", ) is a dance music group from Romania. The group was formed in 1997. The acronym translates in English by "Three South-East", because the band had three youths. The first single stayed a full year on the Romanian charts.
In 2001 the Rai_uno Una matinna TV show hosted by Cristiano Malgiolio has invited and presented the stage group as the most successful band in Romania. He based his statement on the awards the group had won: the Bravo Otto Award 2000, the "Black Sea Shore Mamaia Singing Festival" 1999 and 2000 awards, and the Romanian music industry award.
Background.
3 Sud Est was composed of three Moldova singers: Laurențiu Duță, Viorel Şipoş and Mihai Budeanu. They first started working together in 1993, when Laurențiu Duță Duță performed at Romania's Mamaia Singing Festival as a solo singer and his two mates provided choreography and background dancing for his performance.
3 Sud Est's 1997 debut single was "Ai plecat" (You've left), which defined their early trademark sound and became an instant success. This brand of electronic dance music came to influence a series of other young artists from the Romanian scene such as Andre, Animal-X and Cristina Raduta. Their most successful is "Amintirile" (The memories).
Laurențiu Duță had a solo low-profile music career from 1993, after he finished his (piano and guitar) high school music studies. He used to play solo Romanian-folk genre, a genre not to be confused with Romanian-country music. After the 3rei Sud Est music project ended in 2006, he released the solo single "Visător" (Dreamer boy).
Mihai Budeanu also released a solo album outside of the 3rei Sud Est project.
In February 2014 they came back to the scene with a new single called "Emoții" (Emotions).
Major events.
Singles
Discography.
3 Sud Est (1998).
CD-Extended plays
3rei Sud Est Mix (1998).
This title has been released in two different versions.
Compilations
3 Sud Est prezinta "Starurile dance va colinda" (2001).
Is a compilation of various Romanian singers Christmas collection of songs.
Other.
"3 Sud Est" book (2000)
"Video DVD : Best Of" (2007)

</doc>
<doc id="5918006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918006" title="Wink-Loving Independent School District">
Wink-Loving Independent School District

Wink-Loving Independent School District is a public school district based in Wink, Texas (USA) in Winkler County, Texas (USA). The district serves students in southern and western Winkler County along with all of Loving County.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
Located in western Winkler County, the district has two campuses:

</doc>
<doc id="5918011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918011" title="A363 road">
A363 road

The A363 is a main road in the United Kingdom, which runs through Bath and North East Somerset and Wiltshire. It provides a link between the small market towns of West Wiltshire and Bath, the M4 westbound, and the M5. It runs from the A4 at Bathford to the A350 at Yarnbrook, running through Bradford-on-Avon and Trowbridge on the way. It also links Westbury by merging with the A350.
Route.
The road starts off bypassing Bathford to the west. It then climbs up the hill known locally as "Sally in the Woods", on the edge of the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, which has been the scene of a fatal accident.
The road summits at the turn-off to Monkton Farleigh, at an altitude of 144 metres. After this, the road quality improves in that it widens and is straighter. This continues up to the approach to Bradford-on-Avon. Through Bradford-on-Avon itself, the road descends a steep 1 in 7 (14%) hill, known as "Masons Lane". This is the road's main bottleneck since this leads to Bradford-on-Avon's one and only vehicle bridge over the River Avon (which splits the town in two), and at this stage travelers have merged with traffic from Melksham, Corsham and Chippenham (B3109) which is fed here.
The road passes on towards Trowbridge. 1/4 mile (400 m) after "Town Bridge", the traffic to Frome splits off upon the restart of the B3109 which had been concurrent with the A363 for a short distance, thus easing congestion. The road passes over a low hill, then descends into Trowbridge.
It is concurrent for a short distance with the A361, then emerges as "Bradley Road". There are three roundabouts as the road goes through North Bradley via the White Horse Business Park, to the south. Until the 1980s it passed through North Bradley's residential lane, but since the opening of the business park, the older road through North Bradley became declassified and no longer has A- or B-road status. The A363, then terminates at a roundabout with the A350, in Yarnbrook.

</doc>
<doc id="5918013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918013" title="2000 Super 12 season">
2000 Super 12 season

The 2000 Super 12 season was the fifth season of the Super 12, contested by teams from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. The season ran from February to May 2000, with each team playing all the others once. At the end of the regular season, the top four teams entered the playoff semi finals, with the first placed team playing the fourth and the second placed team playing the third. The winner of each semi final qualified for the final, which was contested by the Canterbury Crusaders and the Brumbies at Bruce Stadium, Canberra. The Crusaders won 20 – 19 to win their third consecutive Super 12 title.

</doc>
<doc id="5918022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918022" title="RWB">
RWB

RWB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5918027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918027" title="2002 Super 12 season">
2002 Super 12 season

The 2002 Super 12 season was the seventh season of the Super 12, contested by teams from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. The season ran from February to May 2002, with each team playing all the others once. At the end of the regular season, the top four teams entered the playoff semi finals, with the first placed team playing the fourth and the second placed team playing the third. The winner of each semi final qualified for the final, which was contested by the Crusaders and the Brumbies at Jade Stadium, Christchurch. The Crusaders won 31 – 13 to win their fourth Super 12 title.

</doc>
<doc id="5918040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918040" title="Pepsi Little People's Golf Championships">
Pepsi Little People's Golf Championships

The Pepsi Little People's Golf Tournament is one of the largest international golf tournaments in the world for ages 3 to 19 and occurs every year in the community of Quincy, Illinois and several other communities in the region depending on the age divisions.
History.
The event was founded by Nan Ryan in 1973 by a statement she'd heard while on a Quincy golf course, the statement was ""It's a shame the Midwest doesn't have a junior tournament like the International in Florida"". However 33 years later the tournament in Quincy became ranked as the third most widely attended junior golf event in the world. Pepsi became the primary sponsor of the golf tournament soon after. 
The First Little People's and after.
The first Little People's event drew 174 girls and boys and was hosted by the Cedar Crest Country Club in Quincy, which the event in later years had to be split between all the golf course in town because of the larger crowds. The Westview Golf Course was added to the event in 1975, Spring Lake Country Club was later added in 1993, and finally the Knights of Columbus Golf Course in 1994 was added to accommodate the players ages 3 through 7. 
After the success of Tiger Woods, attendance of the Little People's event jumped to 672 kids in 1997, although Woods had never played in the Little People's his impact on the sport was felt, after which another course was added, the Norwoods Golf Club in nearby Hannibal, Missouri. In 2007, when the new 18 - 19 division was created, the Deer Run Golf Course in Hamilton, Illinois was added to the line-up after attendance reached 922.
Now the internationally known tournament for boys and girls aged three through 17 is played at five golf courses in the Quincy, Illinois, area, with the collegiate division, for men and women 18 through 21, playing at the Harry Mussatto (Western Illinois University) Golf Course in Macomb, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="5918042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918042" title="2003 Super 12 season">
2003 Super 12 season

The 2003 Super 12 season was the eighth season of the Super 12, contested by teams from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. The season ran from February to May 2003, with each team playing all the others once. At the end of the regular season, the top four teams entered the playoff semi finals, with the first placed team playing the fourth and the second placed team playing the third. The winner of each semi final qualified for the final, which was contested by the Blues and the Crusaders at Eden Park, Auckland. The Blues won 21 – 17 to win their third Super 12 title.

</doc>
<doc id="5918051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918051" title="2004 Super 12 season">
2004 Super 12 season

The 2004 Super 12 season was the ninth season of the Super 12, contested by teams from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. The season ran from February to May 2004, with each team playing all the others once. At the end of the regular season, the top four teams entered the playoff semi finals, with the first placed team playing the fourth and the second placed team playing the third. The winner of each semi final qualified for the final, which was contested by the Brumbies and the Crusaders at Canberra Stadium. The Brumbies won 47 – 38 to win their second Super 12 title.

</doc>
<doc id="5918060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918060" title="Brouwer Route">
Brouwer Route

The Brouwer Route was a route for sailing from the Cape of Good Hope to Java. The Route took ships south from the Cape into the "Roaring Forties", then east across the Indian Ocean, before turning northwest for Java. Thus it took advantage of the strong westerly winds for which the "Roaring Forties" are named, greatly increasing travel speed.
It was devised by the Dutch sea explorer Hendrik Brouwer in 1611, and found to halve the duration of the journey from Europe to Java, compared to the previous Arab and Portuguese monsoon route, which involved following the coast of East Africa northwards, sailing through the Mozambique Channel and then across the Indian Ocean, sometimes via India. By 1616 the Brouwer Route was compulsory for Dutch sailors. The English trialled it in 1621, and initially thought it a great success, but the second English ship to use the route, the "Tryall", incorrectly judged the longitude, sailed too far east before turning north, and was wrecked on the Tryal Rocks off the coast of Australia. The English then avoided the route for the next two decades.
The Brouwer Route played a major role in the discovery of the west coast of Australia, and the very large numbers of ships that were wrecked along that coast. Ships wrecked on the west coast of Australia en route from the Cape of Good Hope to Java on the Brouwer Route include "Tryall", "Batavia", "Vergulde Draeck", "Zuytdorp" and "Zeewijk". In 1696 Willem de Vlamingh explored the Australian coast looking for survivors of the "Ridderschap van Holland".

</doc>
<doc id="5918061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918061" title="Shallowater Independent School District">
Shallowater Independent School District

Shallowater Independent School District is a public school district based in Shallowater, Texas (USA) that serves students in northwestern Lubbock County.
The district has five schools - Shallowater High (Grades 9-12), Shallowater Middle (Grades 5-8), Shallowater Intermediate (Grades 2-4), and Shallowater Elementary (Grades PK-1), and Woodward Academy (Alternative High School).
In 2011, the school district was rated "exemplary" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="5918065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918065" title="Geneviève Brossard de Beaulieu">
Geneviève Brossard de Beaulieu

Geneviève Brossard de Beaulieu (fl. c. 1770 - 1815) was a French painter. She was born at La Rochelle and studied painting under Jean-Baptiste Greuze. She established herself as a successful artist, specializing in historical and mythological genres and portraiture. She ran a school at Lille, Belgium, in Flanders, until the outbreak of the French Revolution.
With the restoration of the Bourbons (1814–1815) she was granted a state pension. Several of her works survive, including a portrait of Princess Elisabeth Lubomirksa which remains in the National Museum of Warsaw in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="5918067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918067" title="Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 3">
Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 3

Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 3 is the headquarters element of the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing and is located at Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California.
Mission.
The mission of Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 3 is to provide administrative and supply support for the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing Headquarters.
History.
MWHS 3 was activated 10 November 1942 at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina, as Headquarters Squadron 3, 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing. They were deployed during April–May 1944 to Ewa, territory of Hawaii. The squadron was deactivated on 31 December 1945.
The squadron was reactivated on 1 February 1952 at MCAS Cherry Point, North Carolina, as Headquarters Squadron 3 (HS-3), 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing. It was relocated during May 1952 to Miami, Florida and again relocated during September 1955 to MCAS El Toro, California. HS-3 was reassigned during January 1956 to Marine Wing Headquarters Group 3, 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing, Air, Fleet Marine Force, Pacific.
Redesignated 1 July 1971 as Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 3, 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing, Fleet Marine Force, Pacific. The Squadron participated in Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm, Southwest Asia, September 1990 – May 1991.They relocated again in October 1998 to MCAS Miramar, California.
Redesignated 1 November 1999 as Headquarters and Service Company, Marine Tactical Air Command Squadron 38, Marine Air Control Group 38, 3D Marine Aircraft Wing, U.S. Marine Forces Pacific. Redesignated 15 February 2002 as Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 3, 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing, U.S. Marine Forces Pacific. They have deployed to Kuwait and Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, since January 2003 and have been on rotation with Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 2.

</doc>
<doc id="5918073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918073" title="List of Fordham University people">
List of Fordham University people

This is a list of alumni of Fordham University, a United States university in New York.
Former presidents.
<br>
"* Denotes alumni who have earned a Fordham University School of Law degree only."
"+ Denotes alumni who have earned a Fordham Law degree in addition to a Fordham undergraduate degree."
Commencement Speakers 1941–present

</doc>
<doc id="5918081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918081" title="Stuart Gray (basketball)">
Stuart Gray (basketball)

Stuart Allan Gray (born May 27, 1963) is an American/Panamanian former professional basketball player. At 7'0" tall, he played at the center position.
Gray attended the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) for three seasons (1981-82 – 1983-84), and was afterwards selected with the 29th overall (5th in 2nd round) pick in the 1984 NBA Draft by the Indiana Pacers. He played with them for five seasons (1984-85 – 1988-89) before moving on to the Charlotte Hornets (1989–90) and in mid-season to the New York Knicks, where he also played in the 1990-91 season. He holds NBA career averages of 2.3 points, 2.6 rebounds, and 0.3 blocks per game. 
Prior to going to UCLA, Gray attended John F. Kennedy High School in Granada Hills, California and graduated in 1981.
Gray played internationally for the Panama national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="5918083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918083" title="KBDI">
KBDI

KBDI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5918084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918084" title="Rodney K. Smith">
Rodney K. Smith

Rodney K. Smith is an American academic. He was appointed President of Southern Virginia University (SVU) on June 1, 2004. Before coming to SVU, he served as interim dean and Herff Chair of Excellence in Law at The University of Memphis. He also has taught or served as dean at The University of Arkansas at Little Rock, Capital University, University of Montana, University of San Diego, Widener University and The University of North Dakota. Smith is currently a professor at Thomas Jefferson School of Law.
Biography.
Smith is a convert to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
Rodney Smith received a law degree from Brigham Young University's J. Reuben Clark Law School, and an LL.M. and S.J.D from the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Smith served as the dean of Capital University's Law School. During his time in Columbus he also served as a bishop of an LDS ward in that city. 

</doc>
<doc id="5918085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918085" title="Christ's Pieces">
Christ's Pieces

__NOTOC__
Christ's Pieces is Victorian park in the east of central Cambridge, England, with flower beds and ornamental trees. The area acts as an important publicly accessible open grassed area for the city centre. It is located to the east of Christ's College and to the north of Emmanuel College. To the north is King Street, to the east is Emmanuel Road, to the south is Drummer Street, and to the west is Milton's Walk.
The park is used by pedestrians walking between the centre of the city and the Grafton Centre (a shopping centre). In good weather, it is often used as a place for lunch outside as well. There are tennis courts at the northwest corner of Christ's Pieces and a bowling green in the southeast corner. The main central Cambridge bus station is north off Drummer Street on the southern edge of Christ's Piece near the southwest corner.
There is a Christ's Pieces Residents Association (CPRA) for local residents and others interested in maintaining the character of the surrounding area.
History.
Previously, the area was used for agricultural purposes. For example, it is shown to have a cereal crop on a 1574 map. Later it became pasture land. Milton's Walk was a medieval lane, called "Christes Colledge Walke" in 1574.
Milton's Walk is named after the poet John Milton (1608–74), who was an undergraduate at Christ's College. It marks the boundary of the college with Christ's Pieces. 
In 1886, the area was acquired from Jesus College by the Corporation of Cambridge for the sum of £1,000. The Corporation drained the land and created the park much as it is now, although a proposed artificial lake was never created and the bandstand no longer exists.
In 2013, paths on Christ's Pieces were used in a trial of Starpath, which absorbs UV energy during the day and emits it at night to illuminate the path.
In 2014, cops were granted powers to remove the groups of alternatives that usually gather and drink illegally on the park land as it was showing a bad image for the Diana Memorial. These powers include the use of pepper spray and tasers.

</doc>
<doc id="5918095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918095" title="Franco-Seychellois">
Franco-Seychellois

Franco-Seychellois are people of French origin living in the Seychelles. They form the country's second-largest ethnic group .
Origins.
Many Franco-Seychellois settled on the islands during the period of French rule over the archipelago. During this time, African and Malagasy slaves were also brought to the Seychelles. Franco-Seychellois were allowed to retain their culture after the British took control of the Seychelles.
Economic role.
Franco-Seychellois play an important role in the country's economy. They are employed in all sectors, including government, business and education.
Language and religion.
The majority of Franco-Seychellois speak Seychellois Creole, the country's most widely-spoken language. They also often speak French and English. Of the religiously affiliated, the large majority are Roman Catholic, with a minority belonging to other Christian denominations.

</doc>
<doc id="5918099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918099" title="Sextic equation">
Sextic equation

In mathematics, a sextic polynomial is a polynomial of degree six. 
A sextic equation or hexic equation is a polynomial equation of degree six—that is, an equation whose left hand side is a sextic polynomial and whose right hand side is zero. More precisely, it has the form:
where and the "coefficients" may either be integers, rational numbers, real numbers, complex numbers or, more generally, members of any field.
A sextic function is a function defined by a sextic polynomial. Because they have an even degree, sextic functions appear similar to quartic functions when graphed, except they may possess an additional local maximum and local minimum each. The derivative of a sextic function is a quintic function.
Since a sextic function is defined by a polynomial with even degree, it has the same infinite limit when the argument goes to positive or negative infinity. If the leading coefficient is positive, then the function increases to positive infinity at both sides; and thus the function has a global minimum. Likewise, if "a" is negative, the sextic function decreases to negative infinity and has a global maximum.
Solvable sextics.
Some sixth degree equations can be solved by factorizing into radicals, but other sextics cannot. Évariste Galois developed techniques for determining whether a given equation could be solved by radicals which gave rise to the field of Galois theory.
It follows from Galois theory that a sextic equation is solvable in term of radicals if and only if its Galois group is contained either in the group of order 48 which stabilizes a partition of the set of the roots into three subsets of two roots or in the group of order 72 which stabilizes a partition of the set of the roots into two subsets of three roots.
There are formulas to test either case, and, if the equation is solvable, compute the roots in term of radicals.
The general sextic equation can be solved in terms of Kampé de Fériet functions. A more restricted class of sextics can be solved in terms of generalised hypergeometric functions in one variable using Felix Klein's approach to solving the quintic equation.

</doc>
<doc id="5918106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918106" title="Haiterbach">
Haiterbach

Haiterbach is a town in the district of Calw, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated in the eastern Black Forest, 19 km northeast of Freudenstadt, and 30 km west of Tübingen.

</doc>
<doc id="5918115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918115" title="Laura Nicholls (swimmer)">
Laura Nicholls (swimmer)

Laura Nicholls (born September 25, 1978 in Kitchener, Ontario) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Canada.
She competed for her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 in Atlanta, Georgia. There she finished in 29th position in the 50 m freestyle. Four years later in Sydney, Australia she reached the final with the Canadian Relay Teams, in the 4x100 freestyle (7th) and in the 4x100 medley (6th).

</doc>
<doc id="5918123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918123" title="Cassandra Willoughby, Duchess of Chandos">
Cassandra Willoughby, Duchess of Chandos

Cassandra Willoughby, Duchess of Chandos (23 April 1670 – 16 July 1735) was a British historian, travel writer and artist.
Biography.
She was the daughter of Francis Willoughby of Wollaton, Nottinghamshire, a Fellow of the Royal Society, and a writer on natural history, and his wife Emma, the daughter of Sir Henry Barnard of Bridgnorth, Shropshire and London.
In 1713, at the age of forty-three, Cassandra married her wealthy cousin, James Brydges FRS, at Chelsea College Chapel. She was his second wife. Brydges' social standing rose the following year when he was made Earl of Carnarvon and inherited a barony and baronetcy when his father, the 8th Baron Chandos of Sudeley, died; in 1719 he became Duke of Chandos, and Cassandra the Duchess.
The National Gallery of Canada has a portrait of Cassandra and her husband by Sir Godfrey Kneller dated 1713 which also features Brydges' two sons by his first wife.
Cassandra died childless aged sixty-five, and was buried at St Lawrence, Whitchurch near the ducal seat Cannons.
Both the mother and sister of Jane Austen were named after Cassandra, to celebrate their link with a ducal family; Jane's mother was the granddaughter of the first Cassandra's sister-in-law, Mary Brydges.
Writings.
Before she married she compiled a history of her father's family she titled "The Continuation of the History of the Willoughby Family" which is preserved in the Manuscripts Department at Nottingham University Library. Some of her correspondence from before and after her marriage has been preserved at the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust Record Office, at the North London Collegiate School and the Huntington Library and Art Gallery, in San Marino, California. In addition, there are travel writings and genealogies.

</doc>
<doc id="5918137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918137" title="Hallstadt">
Hallstadt

Hallstadt is a town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg on the left bank of the Main, 4 km north of Bamberg.
Geography.
Hallstadt borders in the south on the city of Bamberg and in the west on the Main. There are two constituent communities named Hallstadt (population 7,588) and Dörfleins (population 1,380). The town also has these traditional rural land units, known in German as "Gemarkungen": Hallstadt and Dörfleins (it is traditional for a "Gemarkung" to be named after a town or village lying nearby)
History.
Archaeological digs have shown that there were settlers in the area who farmed the land in the New Stone Age, about 5000 BC.
About 670, the later Franconian Saint Kilian was preaching in Hallstadt and almost 50 years later Saint Boniface tried to convert Hallstadt’s Germans. Eventually, sometime between 741 and 747, the town was first named as "Halazestat im Radensgove" in a document issued by the Frankish Dukes Karlmann and Pepin the Short, and in 793, Charlemagne approved his father Pepin’s donations to the Würzburg Bishop Berwolf, among which was "Halazestat". From 794 to 820, the Hallstadt Church of St. Kilian was built as one of Charlemagne’s 14 Slavic churches ("Slavenkirchen"), and in 805, Hallstadt became Charlemagne’s royal court after years earlier (793) he had spent the night here.
Two hundred years later, in 1007, Emperor Henry II donated the royal court to the Bishopric of Bamberg, which he had founded, and in 1013, by way of exchange, he acquired Hallstadt’s church and parish from the Bishop of Würzburg for the royal court at Gerau on the Upper Rhine.
Once the bridge across the Main had been finished by Bishop Lambert von Brun, the town also became important to trade. In 1430, Hallstadt was burnt down by the Hussites. By 1503 the town had recovered only well enough from this to be called a market town. However, only two generations later, in 1553, Margrave Albrecht Alcibiades von Brandenburg-Kulmbach occupied and destroyed Bamberg and Hallstadt.
From 1617 to 1618, witch trials took place under Prince-Bishop Johann Gottfried von Aschenhausen, as a result of which 53 townsfolk were put to death. What the plague had not wiped out three years earlier was razed in 1633 when Hallstadt was burnt down in the Thirty Years' War.
Between 1756 and 1763 came more occupations of Bamberg and Hallstadt by Frederick the Great’s soldiers.
In 1802, Elector Max Joseph of Bavaria made known his seizure of the High Monastery at Bamberg and of Franconia, and a few years later (1808), King Max – as he was by then known – visited the town. In the course of administrative reform in Bavaria, today’s community came into being under the "Gemeindeedikt" (“Community Edict”) of 1818.
In 1880, the town was connected to the railway network, and Hallstadt Railway Station was opened.
Recent history.
In 1954, Hallstadt was raised to town and celebrated its 1,300th anniversary. In 1970 came the transfer of the outlying centres of Bruckertshof and Kramersfeld to Bamberg, and the new bridge across the Main, work upon which had already begun after the Second World War, was completed. In 1972, the community of Dörfleins was amalgamated with the town.
Population development.
Within town limits, 6,589 inhabitants were counted in 1970, 7,436 in 1987 and 8,427 in 2000. On 30 June 2004, 8,560 inhabitants were reported, and three years later in 2007, it was 8,526.
Politics.
The mayor is Markus Zirkel (SPD). The town council is made up of 20 members, listed here by party or voter community affiliation, and also with the number of seats that each holds:
In 1999, municipal tax revenue, converted to euros, amounted to €10,262,000 of which business taxes (net) amounted to €6,503,000. In 2005, municipal tax revenue amounted to €8,900,600.
Town partnerships.
Hallstadt is cultivating town partnerships with Lempdes near Clermont-Ferrand in France and with Hallstatt in Austria.
Economy and infrastructure.
Economy.
According to official statistics, there were 116 workers on the social welfare contribution rolls working in agriculture and forestry in 1998. In producing businesses this was 2,424, and in trade and transport 1,182. Worthy of mention as the biggest employer would be the firm Josef Leicht Maschinenbau, which employs more than 380 workers. In other areas, 653 workers on the social welfare contribution rolls are employed, and 2,998 such workers work from home. Nobody is employed in processing businesses. Seven businesses are in construction, and furthermore, in 1999, there were 50 agricultural operations with a working area of 672 ha, of which 582 ha was cropland and 89 ha was meadowland.
Education.
In 2007, the following institutions existed in Hallstadt:
Security for the population.
Aid organizations supply the required danger prevention for the population and all persons, buildings, waterways, real assets and so on that are found within the town.
Land rescue services.
In the field of emergency health response, the aid organizations BRK (Bavarian Red Cross) and the "Malteser Hilfsdienst" (MHD, ≈ Order of Malta Ambulance Corps) supply the rescue service on land under public law for the town and for the district of Bamberg. Moreover, these two aid organizations supply medical units for the district’s protection in case of disaster.
The Bavarian Red Cross, Bamberg chapter, has a medical readiness plan, the "BRK Bereitschaft Bamberg 3/Hallstadt". This is, among other things, responsible for the Hallstadt municipal area for the Bavarian Red Cross’s medical work.
Water rescue services.
In the field of emergency health response on the town’s waterways, the "Kreiswasserwacht" (“District Water Watch”) "Bamberg" is represented by the Hallstadt chapter. It staffs the Hallstadt swimming pool in the summer months on weekends and holidays, complementing the pool’s lifeguards.

</doc>
<doc id="5918144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918144" title="Cedar Hill Independent School District">
Cedar Hill Independent School District

Cedar Hill Independent School District is a public school district based in Cedar Hill, Texas, United States.
Cedar Hill serves most of the city of Cedar Hill and portions of Grand Prairie, Ovilla, Duncanville and Dallas.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
School uniforms.
Cedar Hill ISD requires its students to wear school uniforms. For the 2007-2008 school year, students may wear red, white, and black collared shirts, with black or khaki trousers. In addition female students may wear knee-length skirts. Kindergarten through sixth grade may wear black or khaki shorts or capris in addition to the trousers. The Texas Education Agency specifies that the parents and/or guardians of students zoned to a school with uniforms may apply for a waiver to opt out of the uniform policy so their children do not have to wear the uniform; parents must specify "bona fide" reasons, such as religious reasons or philosophical objections.

</doc>
<doc id="5918152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918152" title="Nicole Briscoe">
Nicole Briscoe

Nicole Briscoe (née Manske) (born July 2, 1980) is an American sports reporter and former Miss Illinois Teen USA. She became nationally known in the United States when she assumed the co-host role on "The Speed Report" on Speed Channel as well as the host of the daily news show "NASCAR Now" on ESPN2 and the host of "NASCAR Countdown" that airs on ESPN before NASCAR races. In December 2009, Nicole married her boyfriend of 4 years, IndyCar Series driver Ryan Briscoe in an outdoor ceremony in Hawaii.
Early life.
A native of Roscoe, Illinois, she graduated from Hononegah High School in 1998. She and future auto racer Danica Patrick were cheerleaders there in 1996.
Nicole won the "Miss Illinois Teen USA" 1998 and competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant in Shreveport, Louisiana, in August 1998. Nicole was a semi-finalist in the pageant, placing third (of 10) in the evening gown competition, seventh in swimsuit and tenth in interview, placing her eighth overall on average. Two years after passing on her title she competed in the Miss Illinois USA 2001 pageant and placed first runner-up to Rebecca Ambrosi.
Early career.
Nicole attended Northern Illinois University in Dekalb, Illinois, earning her first job while at Northern Illinois for WREX-TV, the NBC station in Rockford. She worked as a general assignment reporter for WANE-TV in Fort Wayne, Indiana, before going to WISH-TV in Indianapolis, Indiana, in April 2004. During her career at WISH-TV, Nicole covered the Indianapolis 500, the United States Grand Prix, the NFL's Indianapolis Colts, and the NBA's Indiana Pacers. She was also a pit reporter for the Indianapolis Motor Speedway Radio Network. 
In the May 15, 2006, edition of The "Indianapolis Star", Nicole announced that she would be leaving WISH-TV for Speed Channel in Charlotte, North Carolina, with the 2006 Indianapolis 500 on May 28 being her last day.
Nicole was the co-host of "The Speed Report" (formerly "Speed News"), a Sunday motorsports program on Speed Channel.
She replaced Connie LeGrand, and hosted the show from July 1, 2006 to January 27, 2008, when she left to become the new host of the daily news show "NASCAR Now" on ESPN2.

</doc>
<doc id="5918170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918170" title="I Rantzau">
I Rantzau

I Rantzau ("The Rantzau Family") is an opera in four acts by Pietro Mascagni (1892), based on a libretto by Guido Menasci and Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti, based on the play "Les Rantzau" (1873) by French writers Erckmann and Chatrian, after their novel (1882) "Les Deux Frères" ("The Two Brothers"). 
It was first performed at the Teatro della Pergola in Florence, Italy on 10 November 1892.
The overture is popular and was recorded in Berlin with Mascagni conducting, in 1927. The soprano solo in Act 1 is an excellent example of true verismo aria, and has an emotional impact that parallels the composer's work in "Cavalleria rusticana". The soprano/tenor duet is impressive enough (and has been recorded in modern times by Plácido Domingo and Renato Scotto), but the opera is perhaps the least revived of Mascagni's "other" operas, with only one recording made of the full opera.

</doc>
<doc id="5918171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918171" title="Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 1">
Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 1

Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 1 is the headquarters element of the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing and is located at Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler on Okinawa, Japan.
Mission.
The mission of Marine Wing Headquarters Squadron 1 is to provide administrative and supply support for the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing Headquarters.
History.
World War II.
The Squadron was organized on 7 July 1941, in Quantico, Virginia. Five months later, the Japanese struck Pearl Harbor. Shortly thereafter, the Squadron moved to NAS San Diego, California, in defense of the West Coast, which at the time was considered a potential Japanese target. As the Wing staff grew Headquarters Squadron often split to cover the advance and rear echelons. During World War II, the Squadron saw duty at Guadalcanal; New Caledonia; Espiritu Santo, New Hebrides; Emirau Island, St. Matthias and Solomon Islands; Bougainville; and Zamboanga, Philippine Islands. After World War II, Headquarters Squadron moved to China to carry out the peacetime mission of disarming Japanese troops and repatriating Chinese nationals. The squadron arrived in Tientsin in October 1945, and remained until May 1947, when it moved to Barrigada Heights, Guam, before transferring to MCAS El Toro. Headquarters Squadron participated in exercises, joint maneuvers, organized reserve training and other peacetime operations.
Korean War until present.
In September, 1950, when it deployed to Korea in support of the Wing throughout the Korean War. Following the truce, Headquarters Squadron relocated to MCAS Iwakuni, Japan. The unit deployed to Danang, South Vietnam in July, 1965 to support the 1st MAW in Southeast Asia. The Squadron remained in Danang until April 1971 when it returned to MCAS Iwakuni. In 1975, Headquarters Squadron moved with the 1st MAW Headquarters to its current home at Okinawa.

</doc>
<doc id="5918176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918176" title="Hostarius">
Hostarius

The Hostarius (alternatively, Usher, Doorward or Durward) was an office in medieval Scotland whose holders, eventually hereditary, had the theoretical responsibility of being warden of the king's door, i.e. protecting the king's property. 
The following is a list of "hostarii"
The family of "Durward" (a later name for "hostarius"), may have held the office hereditarily after Thomas of Lundie, and certainly kept the title as a surname (in Norman French, "l'Ussier" ("the Usher"); in English, "Durward") The office was no longer hereditary by the second half of the 13th century, and indeed by this point there were many "hostarii". Unlike many other hereditary royal office holders, the "Durward" family were not of Anglo-Norman or French origin, but of native Gaelic origin, being a sept of the native comital dynasty of Mar.

</doc>
<doc id="5918180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918180" title="Erin Gammel">
Erin Gammel

Erin Gammel (born March 13, 1980 in Kamloops, British Columbia) is an international backstroke swimmer from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. There she finished in 17th position in the 100 m Backstroke, and in 11th place with the Canadian Relay Team in the 4x100 m Medley.

</doc>
<doc id="5918185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918185" title="Durward">
Durward

Durward may refer to:
People:
Other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="5918197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918197" title="Hartenstein">
Hartenstein

Hartenstein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5918200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918200" title="Blonay–Chamby museum railway">
Blonay–Chamby museum railway

The Blonay–Chamby museum railway (, BC) is a short steep but adhesion worked metre gauge heritage railway operated as part of the Blonay - Chamby Railway Museum using vintage steam and electric locomotives and rolling stock. It is rail connected at both ends, at its upper terminus, at Chamby with the Chemin de Fer Montreux Oberland Bernoise and at the lower end, Blonay, with the Vevey - Les Pleiades, Chemin de fer électriques Veveysans, line.
History and Aims.
The Blonay - Chamby Railway and Museum was opened in 1968 with the aims of operating the metre gauge railway line from Blonay to Chamby and in doing so preserving railway equipment of technical or historic value. For this purpose the Blonay - Chamby Railway has purpose built two motive power and carriage depots at Chaulin - Chamby, a short distance from its upper terminus which nowadays houses what is generally regarded as the largest and most representative collection of metre gauge relics in Europe.
The Museum Line.
The Blonay - Chamby Museum Railway is a railway preservation group staffed entirely by volunteers who operate trains each Saturday and Sunday between May and October. Vintage steam locomotives or electric locomotives haul equally vintage carriages slowly through a spectacular environment with fine views over Lake Geneva and the Alps. Visitors can access the shed / museum complex from Chamby, travelling the short distance on a vintage tram.
A further part of the remit of the preservation group is the encouragement of local and regional tourism and tourist traffic on adjacent lines. The timetable for the Blonay - Chamby line can be found on Table 115 and 115.1 of the Swiss National Railways Timetable.
The Museum Collection.
The collection includes in spring 2009 the following items. The museum is the home of over 70 items of rolling stock.

</doc>
<doc id="5918203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918203" title="Stephanie Brantz">
Stephanie Brantz

Stephanie Brantz (born in 1972 in Brisbane) is an Australian sports presenter. She began her television career in 2000 on SBS (2000–2006), and has since worked on the Nine Network (2006–10), Fox Sports (2010) and is now on ABC (2010–present).
Personal life.
Brantz, born in Queensland to Dutch parents, began a modelling career in 1985 while attending St Peters Lutheran College in Indooroopilly, and through her time at Charles Sturt University.
Brantz has two sons and a daughter. She is married to Fox Sports football commentator Simon Hill.
Career.
Television career.
In 2000, she began her television presenting career with SBS where she became a presenter of On the Ball, before filling in as host of Toyota World Sports and later co-hosting the show in 2006 with Les Murray. She also became the face of SBS during their coverage of the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
In July 2006, just after the World Cup, Brantz was recruited by Nine CEO Eddie McGuire to front several sporting programmes, including Nine News, The Cricket Show, Sunday & The Footy Show.
During the 2006–2007 summer season, Brantz presented a weekly highlights show of the National Basketball League on the Nine Network, which began on 15 October 2006. She also did "analysis and roving reports" for the network's 2006–07 Ashes cricket coverage. On 19 February 2007, she was appointed the sports presenter on "Nightline".
In 2010, she appeared on Fox Sports News reading sports news.
From late 2010, Brantz joined ABC1 as sports presenter and host for the channel. At ABC, she is the host and 'side-line commentator' for the W-League (Australia) that airs on Sunday afternoons on the network and the WNBL that airs on Saturday afternoons. She is also the host for New South Wales viewers of the Shute Shield, as well as the international Hockey, Football and Basketball coverage.
Brantz has hosted the Anzac Day Dawn Service from Gallipoli in 2012, 2013 and 2014 as well as host of the Australian of the Year Awards and the Flag Raising and Citizenship Ceremony, also in the National Capital on Australia Day.
In 2012, she led the ABC's coverage of the London Paralympic Games. She also fronted the 2013 New Years Eve coverage alongside Lawrence Mooney.
Other Roles.
As well as her on-air television duties, Brantz is presenter of a pre and post match function at the Sydney Cricket Ground and Sydney Football Stadium. At this event, she chats with various commentators from the sport being played at the time. She is also a corporate MC, facilitating conferences and awards nights.
Stephanie Brantz is also an Ambassador and student mentor for the Australian Indigenous Education Foundation and is family ambassador of the IGEA (Interactive Gaming and Entertainment Association)

</doc>
<doc id="5918215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918215" title="Kings' School">
Kings' School

Kings' School is a comprehensive school in Winchester, Hampshire, with approximately 1,650 pupils. The most recent Ofsted inspection (June 2014) brought forward a generally excellent classification with thirty out of thirty-one sections of the report considered outstanding. Kings' School previously had Specialist status as a Business and Enterprise College and as a Language College.
History.
Kings' School was formed in 1985 by merging the two previous schools on the site: Danemark School (girls) and Montgomery of Alamein School (boys). These schools trace their roots back to the Wesleyan Day School (1889), St Thomas's School (1893), St Mary's School (1900), and Danemark Central School (1912).
Academic achievement.
In recent years, between 85 and 95 per cent of 15-year-olds have achieved five or more GCSE grades A to C (80%–90%), including Maths and English. According to the BBC League Tables, Kings' is one of Hampshire's top state schools.
Catchment area.
Kings' School has a large catchment area, from Winchester to the southern surrounding villages. Students from outside the catchment area are brought in by bus from as far north as Andover to as far south as Southampton. Unusually for a State Comprehensive school, Kings' School features a boys' boarding house, the Kings' School House.
Criticism.
In November 2008, a girl was to be taught in isolation as a result of dyeing her hair. Later that month, several parents complained that new restrictions regarding the colour of underwear were unfair and an invasion of privacy. The school stated that it was a misunderstanding, as it was a suggestion only, not a new rule.

</doc>
<doc id="5918217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918217" title="Albia Dominica">
Albia Dominica

Albia Dominica (Also referred to as Dominica, Albia Domnica, Domnica, or Domnica Augusta; "c." 337 – after 378) was a Roman Augusta, wife to Emperor Valens. Valens, who ruled from 364-378, was emperor of the East and co-emperor with his brother Valentinian I.
Family.
Dominica was the daughter of the powerful and unpopular praetorian prefect Petronius, who was hated for his greed and cruelty. Her father's unpopularity was so great that it led to the rebellion of Procopius, a rival of Valens, in 365.
According to the account of Ammianus Marcellinus:"...Many who, since men are always discontented with present conditions, were finding fault with Valens, as being inflamed with a desire of seizing the property of others. To the emperor's cruelty deadly incentive was given by his father-in‑law Petronius, who from the command of the Martensian legion had by a sudden jump been promoted to the rank of patrician. He was a man ugly in spirit and in appearance, who, burning with an immoderate longing to strip everyone without distinction, condemned guilty and innocent alike, after exquisite tortures, to fourfold indemnities, looking up debts going back to the time of the emperor Aurelian, grieving excessively if he was obliged to let any one escape unscathed. Along with his intolerable character he had this additional incentive to his devastations, that while he was enriching himself through the woes of others, he was inexorable, cruel, savage and fearlessly hard-hearted, never capable of giving or receiving reason, more hated than Cleander,who, as we read, when prefect under the emperor Commodus, in his haughty madness had ruined the fortunes of many men; more oppressive than Plautianus, also a prefect under Severus, who with superhuman arrogance would have caused general confusion, if he had not perished by the avenging sword. These lamentable occurrences, which under Valens, aided and abetted by Petronius, closed the houses of the poor and the palaces of the rich in great numbers, added to the fear of a still more dreadful future, sank deeply into the minds of the provincials and of the soldiers, who groaned under similar oppression, and with universal sighs everyone prayed (although darkly and in silence) for a change in the present condition of affairs with the help of the supreme deity."
Petronius was probably a Pannonian. Her further ancestry is unknown. Various of her relatives held influentials positions. A possible relative is Domnicus, an officer of Valens mentioned in Oration II by Libanius. Procopius, prefect of Constantinople in 377, is mentioned by Zosimus as a relative of Valens by marriage. Suggesting he was also related to Dominica. According to Nicetas of Serra, Eusebius was her uncle and a praefectus urbi in the Diocese of Pontus. Nicetas was a commentator to the works of Gregory of Nazianzus and identified Eusebius with an otherwise unnamed figure mentioned in the works of Gregory. Eusebius is thus supposedly recorded in the funeral oration in honor of Basil of Caesarea. According to the account of Gregory:
"The same mischance is said to have befallen the prefect. He also was obliged by sickness to bow beneath the hands of the Saint, and, in reality, to men of sense a visitation brings instruction, and affliction is often better than prosperity. He fell sick, was in tears, and in pain, he sent for Basil, and en-treated him, crying out, "I own that you were in the right; only save me!" His request was granted, as he himself acknowledged, and convinced many who had known nothing of it; for he never ceased to wonder at and describe the powers of the prelate. Such was his conduct in these cases, such its result. Did he then treat others in a different way, and engage in petty disputes about trifles, or fail to rise to the heights of philosophy in a course of action which merits no praise and is best passed over in silence? By no means. He who once stirred up the wicked Hadad against Israel, stirred up against him the prefect of the province of Pontus; nominally, from annoyance connected with some poor creature of a woman, but in reality as a part of the struggle of impiety against the truth. I pass by all his other insults against Basil, or, for it is the same thing, against God; for it is against Him and on His behalf that the contest was waged. One instance of it, however, which brought special disgrace upon the assailant, and exalted his adversary, if philosophy and eminence for it be a great and lofty thing, I will describe at length."
"The assessor of a judge was attempting to force into a distasteful marriage a lady of high birth whose husband was but recently dead. At a loss to escape from this high-handed treatment, she resorted to a device no less prudent than daring. She fled to the holy table, and placed herself under the protection of God against outrage. What, in the Name of the Trinity Itself, if I may introduce into my panegyric somewhat of the forensic style, ought to have been done, I do not say, by the great Basil, who laid down the law for us all in such matters, but by any one who, though far inferior to him, was a priest? Ought he not to have allowed her claim, to have taken charge of, and cared for, her; to have raised his hand in defence of the kindness of God and the law which gives honour to the altar? Ought he not to have been willing to do and suffer anything, rather than take part in any inhuman design against her, and outrage at once the holy table, and the faith in which she had taken sanctuary? No! said the baffled judge, all ought to yield to my authority, and Christians should betray their own laws. The suppliant whom he demanded, was at all hazards retained. Accordingly, in his rage, he at last sent some of the magistrates to search the saint's bedchamber, with the purpose of dishonouring him, rather than from any necessity. What! Search the house of a man so free from passion, whom the angels revere, at whom women do not venture even to look? And, not content with this, he summoned him, and put him on his defence; and that, in no gentle or kindly manner, but as if he were a convict. Upon Basil's appearance, standing, like my Jesus, before the judgment seat of Pilate, he presided at the trial, full of wrath and pride. Yet the thunderbolts did not fall, and the sword of God still glittered, and waited, while His bow, though bent, was restrained. Such indeed is the custom of God.
"Consider another struggle between our champion and his persecutor. His ragged pallium having been ordered to be torn away, "I will also, if you wish it, strip off my coat," said he. His fleshless form was threatened with blows, and he offered to submit to be torn with combs, and he said, "By such laceration you will cure my liver, which, as you see, is wearing me away." Such was their argument. But when the city perceived the outrage and the common danger of all — for each one considered this insolence a danger to himself, it became all on fire with rage; and, like a hive roused by smoke, one after another was stirred and arose, every race' and every age, but especially the men from the-small-arms factory and from the imperial weaving-sheds. For men at work in these trades are specially hot-tempered and daring, because of the liberty allowed them. Each man was armed with the tool he was using, or with whatever else came to hand at the moment. Torch in hand, amid showers of stones, with cudgel's ready, all ran and shouted together in their united zeal. Anger makes a terrible soldier or general. Nor were the women weaponless, when roused by such an occasion. Their pins were their spears, and no longer remaining women, they were by the strength of their eagerness endowed with masculine courage. It is a short story. They thought that they would share among themselves the piety of destroying him, and held him to be most pious who first laid hands on one who had dared such deeds. What then was the conduct of this haughty and daring judge? He begged for mercy in a pitiable state of distress, cringing before them to an unparalleled extent, until the arrival of the martyr without bloodshed, who had won his crown without blows, and now restrained the people by the force of his personal influence, and delivered the man who had insulted him and now sought his protection. This was the doing of the God of Saints, Who worketh and changeth all things for the best, who resisteth the proud, but giveth grace to the humble. And why should not He, Who divided the sea and stayed the river, and ruled the elements, and by stretching out set up a trophy, to save His exiled people, why should not He have also rescued this man from his perils?"
The names Anastasia, Domnicus, Eusebius, Petronius and Procopius used by various family members are thought to be Greek in origin. Various scholars have suggested this could indicate the descent of Dominica and her relatives from Greek-speaking families of Sirmium, the initial capital of the Praetorian prefecture of Illyricum. Marriage into a Greek family could have helped solididy Valens' rule over the Hellenized Eastern Roman Empire.
Marriage.
She married Valens ("c." 354) and bore two daughters, Anastasia and Carosa, before she bore a son and heir, Valentinianus Galates (366-370). According to Socrates of Constantinople and Sozomen both daughters were educated by Marcian, a former palatinus (paladin). Marcian had become a Novatianist presbyter. His continued service at court supposedly ensured that Valens held a more tolerant stance regarding Novatianists.
Religious Scandals and the Death of Galates.
The history of the Christian Church in the early 4th century was marked by the Trinitarian controversy. The First Council of Nicaea in 325 had established the Nicene Creed, which declared that the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit were all equal to each other and of the same substance. The theologian Arius, founder of Arianism, disagreed with this and believed that the three parts of the Trinity were materially separate from each other and that the Father created the Son. Dominica was already an Arian and is rumored to have persuaded her husband Valens to convert to the Arian sect. In about 367, according to Theodoret, Domnica convinced Valens to seek baptism from Eudoxius of Antioch, Archbishop of Constantinople. Eudoxius was one of the most influential Arians.
Valens was one of the few emperors of the century to favor the Arians. The empress is accused, with no proof, of having urged her husband to persecute the Trinitarian sect, including persecting many prominent bishops. Persecution was common throughout his reign. Valens imposed a series of “witch hunts” in 371-372, in which nearly all of the pagan philosophers in the Eastern empire were killed.
The young Valentinianus's early death was a great blow to his parents, surrounded by religious scandal and quarrels. According to Socrates, Dominica told her husband that she had been having visions that their son’s illness was a punishment for ill treatment of the bishop Basil of Caesarea. Basil was a prominent orthodox leader who opposed the emperor's semi-Arian beliefs. When asked to pray for the child, known as Galates, Basil is said to have responded by giving Valens’ commitment to orthodoxy as the condition for the boy’s survival. Valens refused to comply and baptize Galates Catholic. He instead gave his son an Arian baptism. Basil replied by saying that God’s will would be done, and Galates died soon after.
Defeat at Adrianople and the Death of Valens.
Valens perished in battle against the Goths at the Battle of Adrianople on August 9, 378. The exact circumstances of his death are unknown. The Goths then continued to move east and attacked Constantinople. Because there was no emperor to lead the forces, the empress Dominica was forced to organize a counterattack. Dominica paid soldiers’ wages out of the imperial treasury to any civilian volunteers who were willing to arm themselves against the invaders.
After the death of her husband she ruled as de facto regent and defended Constantinople against the attacking Goths until his successor, Theodosius I arrived. The date and circumstances of her death remain unknown. According to Socrates and Sozomen, Dominica recruited civilian volunteers to defend Constantinople from the Goths. She issued orders for their payment to equal that of a regular soldier. The expense was paid by the imperial treasury which she administered.
References.
J. McCabe, "The Empresses of Rome" (1911).

</doc>
<doc id="5918219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918219" title="Carrickfergus College">
Carrickfergus College

Carrickfergus College is a secondary school in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. The college was opened in 1959 and has over 750 students and 52 teachers. It is within the North Eastern Education and Library Board area.
Information.
Carrickfergus College was previously known as "Carrickfergus High School". It is locally (and colloquially) known simply as "Carrick College".
During the school year 2009/2010, Carrickfergus College celebrated its 50th anniversary.
Public examination results.
In 2011, Carrickfergus College achieved its highest ever GCSE pass rate for pupils achieving 5+ GCSE grades A* - C of 72%. This was a huge increase from the previous year's 42%. In 2012 GCSE grades were 66.4% achieving 5+ grades at A* - C grade or equivalent. In 2013 GCSE results increased to a pass rate of 68.4% for pupils gaining 5+ GCSE’s at grades A* - 
C. The Northern Ireland average for schools similar to Carrickfergus College is 63.7%. 
Carrickfergus Learning Community (CLC).
Carrickfergus College is currently involved in a new curricular scheme called the Carrickfergus Learning Community (CLC), along with Carrickfergus Grammar School, Downshire, and Ulidia Integrated College.
Admissions Criteria.
Students wishing to access the above mentioned courses must have met the school criteria for returning to their own school to complete sixth form studies and meet the entry requirements for the individual subject they wish to study.
Specialist school.
In May 2007 the school became a specialist school for Business and Enterprise. At present they are one of only 25 secondary / grammar schools in Northern Ireland to have achieved this designation. As a specialist school they receive additional funding which will be in excess of £400,000 over the next four years.
House system.
It has set up a house system similar to Carrickfergus Grammar with houses Castle, Fergus and Knockagh.
Podcast.
In October 2012 after a visit from local radio DJ Stpehen Clements, Carrickfergus College launched a podcast feature on their school website. Updated monthly, the podcast highlights pupils of the school reporting on important events throughout the year. In December 2012 the podcasts were made available for download on Itunes. 

</doc>
<doc id="5918228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918228" title="Wehyati Andak">
Wehyati Andak

Wahayati Andak is the debut album of the Lebanese singer Nawal Al Zoghbi. 

</doc>
<doc id="5918231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918231" title="Hartenstein, Saxony">
Hartenstein, Saxony

Hartenstein is a town in the Zwickau district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Zwickauer Mulde, 14 km southeast of Zwickau.

</doc>
<doc id="5918247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918247" title="The Singles Collection (The Specials album)">
The Singles Collection (The Specials album)

The Singles Collection is a compilation album by The Specials.
Track listing.
Some pressings of the album are missing track 16.
Tracks listing for the limited pressing 'Singles'.
This 1991 limited pressing replaces "Maggie's Farm" and "Rude Boys Outta Jail" with "International Jet Set" and "War Crimes".

</doc>
<doc id="5918256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918256" title="Isensua">
Isensua

Isensua is a UK vodka firm that produces a range of vodkas and PPS beverages in the United Kingdom, as well as being the European importer for Russian Standard Vodka. The firm is also known for producing a vodka called Opium on the British market.

</doc>
<doc id="5918257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918257" title="Grittleton House School">
Grittleton House School

Grittleton House School is a small, family-run independent school and children's daycare provider situated in the village of Grittleton near Chippenham in Wiltshire. The school is co-educational with around 300 pupils and toddlers aged 2-16. 
Grittleton House is non-selective and therefore classes are made up of pupils with a wide range of abilities. It offers pupils small classes and claims to teach traditional family values, courtesy, consideration for others, and responsibility for oneself.
It was built as a country house by James Thomson between 1832 and 1856. It is a Grade II* listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="5918258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918258" title="The Singles Collection (David Bowie album)">
The Singles Collection (David Bowie album)

The Singles Collection is a compilation album by David Bowie, released in 1993 in the UK and (with some changes) as "The Singles 1969 to 1993" in the United States. The Australian release had the same track listing as the UK version, but the two discs were released as separate albums, "The Singles Collection 1" (with a cover identical to the UK cover) and "The Singles Collection 2" (with a cover similar to the UK cover but recoloured green).
Despite the album name, some of the tracks were never released as singles by Bowie.
Track listing.
All songs written by David Bowie except where noted.
Other versions.
The first 40,000 pressings included a bonus CD single of Bowie's duet "Peace on Earth/Little Drummer Boy" with Bing Crosby. A version of this album was specially released to the members of the American music club Time–Life. It omitted "Sorrow", "Drive-In Saturday", "Be My Wife", "Beauty and the Beast", "Look Back in Anger", "Under Pressure", "Cat People" and "Jump They Say" but added "Rock 'n' Roll Suicide" and the "David Live" version of "All the Young Dudes".

</doc>
<doc id="5918265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918265" title="Richard Arden, 1st Baron Alvanley">
Richard Arden, 1st Baron Alvanley

Richard Pepper Arden, 1st Baron Alvanley PC, KC (20 May 1744 – 19 March 1804) was a British barrister and politician.
Biography.
He was born on 20 May 1744 in Bredbury, the son of John Arden (1709–1787), and Mary Pepper, and baptised on 20 June 1744 in Stockport. Educated at The Manchester Grammar School, he matriculated at Trinity College, Cambridge in November 1761 and received his B.A. in 1766. Arden was admitted to the Middle Temple in 1769, and received his M.A. from Trinity the same year.
Invested as a King's Counsel in 1780, he was Solicitor General during the ministry of Shelburne, and again for a year under Pitt. At this time he entered Parliament, as MP for Newtown from 1783 to 1784. In 1784 he became MP for Aldborough, and was appointed Attorney General and Chief Justice of Chester, posts he would hold until 1788.
On 4 June 1788, he was again advanced to become Master of the Rolls, and was knighted on 18 June 1788. He was also appointed to the Privy Council that year. In 1790, he left Aldborough to become MP for Hastings until 1794, and then for Bath until 1801.
In May 1801, he was appointed Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and on 22 May 1801, was created Baron Alvanley, of Alvanley, in the County of Chester. 
Alvanley died on 19 March 1804 and was buried a week later in Rolls Chapel, London. His will was probated in April 1804.
Quoting from Cokayne, "The Complete Peerage": "He was not a man of great oratorical powers, but possessed the qualities of intelligence, readiness and wit... It would be vain to claim any great distinction for Lord Alvanley. He was a learned lawyer and a successful politician... the few productions that remain from his pen evince refinement, taste and facility of expression."
Family.
On 9 September 1784, Arden married Anne Dorothea Wilbraham-Bootle, daughter of Richard Wilbraham-Bootle and Mary Bootle. They had six children:

</doc>
<doc id="5918270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918270" title="Hartha">
Hartha

Hartha is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 11 km west of Döbeln, and 12 km north of Mittweida.

</doc>
<doc id="5918271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918271" title="Federico Giunti">
Federico Giunti

Federico Giunti (born 6 August 1971 in Perugia) is an Italian former footballer turned manager. He is the current head coach of Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Foligno.
Club career.
A central midfielder, Giunti was part of the Perugia team that was promoted to Serie A from Serie C1 in three years.
He made his Serie A debut on 8 September 1996, in a 1–0 win against Sampdoria.
A renowned free-kick specialist, he joined AC Milan in 1999 (swapped with Giuseppe Cardone) and scored in a yet-famous 6-0 win over city rivals Internazionale.
Giunti also played on loan to Beşiktaş for 18 months, making him the first Italian player in the national Turkish league. In July 2004, he signed a with year contract with Bologna F.C. 1909. He also move along with former Brescia team-mate Fabio Petruzzi.
After Bologna lost the relegation playoffs, Giunti moved to A.C. ChievoVerona in 2005. He made 28 appearances in first season, but just 9 more the second season before joined Treviso F.B.C. 1993 in January 2008. He retired in June 2008.
International career.
His only cap for Italy was in a friendly match against Bosnia & Herzegovina, 6 November 1996.
Coaching career.
Giunti started his coaching career guiding the "Allievi Nazionali" (under-17) youth team of Perugia during the 2009–10 season. After Perugia declared bankrupt, Giunti joined Foligno as new coach of the "Berretti" (under-19) in July 2010. In December 2010 he was appointed head coach of Foligno, replacing dismissed boss Salvatore Matrecano.

</doc>
<doc id="5918278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918278" title="Stirchley, Shropshire">
Stirchley, Shropshire

Stirchley is a component settlement of the new town of Telford, in the borough of Telford and Wrekin and ceremonial county of Shropshire, England. Stirchley lies just south-east of the town centre, and shares a parish council with neighbouring Brookside, which together have a population of 10,533 according to the 2001 census data It is close to Dawley and Malinslee and located next to the southern side of Telford town park.
Although formerly a farming parish, it was incorporated into the Telford New Town in the 1970s. There are some important heritage sites in the parish, notably St James Church, Stirchley Hall, Stirchley Grange and the Stirchley Chimney, now a local landmark. A number of Stirchley's heritage sites are waypoints on the South Telford Heritage Trail.
The former school was removed brick-by-brick and rebuilt at the nearby Blists Hill Victorian Town museum in 1993.
History.
Growth of the settlement.
Stirchley was a small community based on agriculture. In 1612 the village was initially founded by the 3 farms and 5 cottages, but as industry spread at the beginning of the 19th century, the population of the settlement grew to 333 in 1881, where it peaked. The population declined steeply until the 1940s, however not just the population, but the settlement has grown substantially since, particularly as the parish now includes Brookside, which neighbours Stirchley meaning the headcount for the census data is much larger.
Until the 19th century, the parish only contained 4 main farmsteads and a small number of cottages nearby the church, but this changed when the population increased and affected the settlement pattern. Due to the industry taking place in the surrounding area houses were converted into cottages for the workers in the collieries and ironworks. Furthermore, after 1821 many more houses were being built including Clerks Row which was built in 1840 to house the ironwork's managers. The increasing size of the settlement led to a licensed ale house, named the Rose and Crown, and a village shop by the early 1840s.
John Marius Wilson, "Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales" (1870–72) wrote of how Stirchley was a Parish with a population of 310 and had a railway station. Also, 'the property was divided among a few suggesting many people shared houses.
Post-1960s.
In the 1960s the district of Dawley (before it changed in the early 1970s to the district of Telford ), was developed by corporations. In the early 1970s most of the farmsteads in the South East of the district which included Stirchley were destroyed to make room for housing estates for example, 500 private houses were built from 1972 creating the modern village of Stirchley that exists today. Also, on the former sites of two farms 948 dwellings were completed in the late 1970s, and nearby a new church, school and other facilities for recreation were constructed. Stirchley was developed as the population was increasing and there was a demand for more housing, amenities and facilities such as the railway station in nearby Telford in 1986.
One of the most common historical units of administration between the 11th to mid-19th century were called hundreds (also known as wapentakes), and these were useful to reveal regional differences on a national scale over a large time period. Stirchley is part of South Bradford hundred in the district of Wellington.
The area of Stirchley was a Civil parish until 1966 when it was abolished. In May 1988, Stirchley and Brookside Parish Council was formed. Currently there are thirteen active members in the Council which is based in the Sambrook Centre in Stirchley and they together, represent the two areas of Stirchley and Brookside.
Boundary changes.
The boundaries for Stirchley have changed very little over time. The changes that have taken place have been minor along the Eastern side of the Parish. However, there are current proposals being made to reduce the number of parliamentary constituencies in England from 533 to 502, and this will affect the local council or electoral division/ward boundaries of some places. Stirchley is not likely to be changed but could be expanded slightly too compensate for the loss of a constituency.
Demographics.
The population of Stirchley has been inconsistent from when the census records began in 1801. In general the population rose until 1851 where there were 302 people living in the Parish, but soon after it declined and by 1891 the population was reduced by as much as 42.1%. From the beginning of the 20th century there were not any large scale demographic variations until the census in 1951 revealed 66 people died, most likely from the first and second World Wars. However, since Stirchley and Brookside combined as one Council Parish, the most recent Census data in 2001 shows a much larger population and it is hard to define how much the population has increased just in the area of Stirchley.
Occupational structure.
From data in 1831 the majority of males over 20 were involved in either agriculture or manufacturing and the minority in retail and handicrafts. Most people in Stirchley had a social status of labourers, servants, or 'middling sorts' which are small farmers not employing labourers, however there were some employers and professionals.
From the 2001 Census, it can be seen that the majority of the population between 16–74 in Stirchley are economically active. Many are employed in the Service industries which includes retail, transport, education and social work.
Places of interest.
There is one main church in Stirchley, St.James', that is situated in a quiet location one mile away from Telford town centre. In the 12th century the chancel, where the clergy and choir are seated, was built from local sandstone. Today the more recent additions from the 18th century can be seen such as the steeple which was made from red brick.
Stirchley Hall farm is an Estate that has been bought by numerous people and the last person known to have ownership of the estate was Thomas Clowes. The last person to buy the Estate was Dawley development corporation in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="5918292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918292" title="Carmel Hanna">
Carmel Hanna

Carmel Hanna MLA (born 26 March 1946, Warrenpoint, County Down, Northern Ireland) is an Irish politician. She is a member of the SDLP and was MLA for South Belfast from 1998 to 2010.
Early life and nursing career.
Born as Carmel McAleenan, the seventh of nine children, her father was a factory worker in a local packaging plant. She was educated at Star of the Sea Primary School in Warrenpoint, and Our Lady's Grammar School, Newry.
She came to Belfast to train as a nurse at Belfast City Hospital and qualified there as Registered Nurse and later at the Royal Maternity Hospital as a State Certified Midwife. She worked in hospitals in Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland, Great Britain and mainland Europe.
After living and working abroad (which gave her a long term interest in third world development), she returned to Northern Ireland to work as a staff nurse in the Casualty department at the Mater Hospital, Crumlin Road, at the height of the Troubles. Her experiences there made an indelible impression and strengthened her belief that political change must be made by peaceful means. She was active in the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Campaign of the early 1970s. 
She married Eamon Hanna in 1973. They have four adult children and they have lived and worked in Belfast, Dublin, Galway and the United States. In 1987 Carmel returned to work as a nurse and subsequently transferred to social services working for the South & East Belfast Trust assessing domiciliary care for the elderly. She also became an officer for her trade union, NIPSA. 
Political career.
Carmel first joined the SDLP in 1972 and was an ordinary member for many years as well as being secretary and committee member of the Galway and Dublin SDLP support groups. She became chairperson of her local branch in 1996, in which year she was also an SDLP candidate in a Belfast City Council by election and Northern Ireland Forum elections.
She was elected to Belfast City Council for the Balmoral area in 1997. Her committee duties include Planning, Health & Environment and Cultural Diversity. She was elected to Northern Ireland Assembly in June 1998. Hanna was Deputy Chair of the Environment Committee in the Northern Ireland Assembly until December 2001. She was appointed as Minister of Employment and Learning in December 2001. 
During that period she:
She also chaired the All-Party Group on International Development in the Assembly, and has been involved with an adult literacy initiative and a strategy being developed on long-term employability.
Her stated major political aims are:
She resigned on 18 January 2010 as an MLA; Conall McDevitt was sworn in to replace her on 21 January 2010. Regarding her resignation, SDLP leader Mark Durkan said: "Carmel Hanna has served her constituents of South Belfast, the people of Northern Ireland and the wider SDLP with dignity, determination and dedication during a distinguished political career as a councillor, assembly member and as a minister."

</doc>
<doc id="5918307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918307" title="Överstelöjtnant">
Överstelöjtnant

Överstelöjtnant (Everstiluutnantti in Finnish) is an officer's rank in Finland and Sweden, immediately above Major (Majuri) and just below Överste (Eversti). Majors who completes a two year management course at the National Defense college in Sweden are promoted to the rank.
Finnish Defence Forces rank of Everstiluutnantti is comparable to Ranks of NATO armies officers as OF-4
History and related ranks.
1600 - 1700.
The holder of the rank was typically the deputy head of a regiment of 1200 troops as well as the commander of a battalion during battle.
Swedish reform 1972.
All holders of the rank Major were promoted to Överstelöjtnant.
Finland.
During peacetime, an "everstiluutnantti" is the commander of a battalion or a chief of staff for a regiment or brigade. The rank requires completion of a staff officer course.
Only a few reservists have obtained the rank of "everstiluutnantti". It requires active participation in national defence and a demanding wartime position.

</doc>
<doc id="5918318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918318" title="Shane Sweet">
Shane Sweet

Christopher Shane Sweet (born on January 6, 1986) is an American actor, perhaps best known for his role as Josh Stevenson, Robbie's younger brother, on Nickelodeon series "The Journey of Allen Strange".
He also briefly appeared in the Fox network sitcom "Married... with Children" as "Seven" who was written out of the series at midseason with no explanation. He was also in episodes of "Baywatch" and "".
After "Married... with Children" in 1993 he went on to co-star in the Nickelodeon series "The Journey of Allen Strange". He also appeared in the Nickelodeon game show "Figure It Out" in the second, third and fourth seasons.
He graduated from John Burroughs High School in Burbank, California in June 2004.
In the early 2000s, Sweet was a member of the music group Atalanta. In 2005 Sweet formed a band named The Celestial Matinee. He toured with this band in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5918328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918328" title="Tennis Gold Coast">
Tennis Gold Coast

Tennis Gold Coast is the governing body for the sport of tennis in the Gold Coast, Queensland. The organisation is based in Southport, Queensland in Australia. Famous players from the Gold Coast are players such as Samantha Stosur and Bernard Tomic.
Affiliations.
Tennis Gold Coast is affiliated with the following organisations: 
Taylor Byrne Tournaments.
In the 2009 Taylor Byrne Head Junior Masters Tennis Circuit. The top two point scorers in every age group will represent the Gold Coast Region in the Queensland Junior Masters Final in Rockhampton on 24 & 25 October 2006. To be eligible to compete in the State Finals, a player must have played a minimum of five tournaments. There are five sections for boys and girls, 9/Under (Round Robin format), 11/Under, 13/Under, 15/Under, 17/Under.
Circuit Tournaments.
N.b. the 9/Under section players do not participate in the Junior Master Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="5918335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918335" title="Quinoa oil">
Quinoa oil

Quinoa oil is a vegetable oil extracted from germ of the "Chenopodium quinoa", an Andean cereal and has been cultivated since at least 3000 B.C. Quinoa itself has attracted considerable interest as a source of protein, but the oil derived from quinoa is of interest in its own right. Quinoa oil is most similar to corn oil, and is rich in essential fatty acids (linoleic acid and linolenic acid), linoleic being predominant. Although, quinoa oil contains more essential fatty acids than corn oil. Quinoa yields an average of 5.8% oil by weight, compared to 3-4% for corn (maize), which means it could potentially be used to produce more oil than an amount of corn of the same weight.
Most oils with high concentrations of unsaturated fatty acids spoil quickly, but quinoa and corn oil both have high quantities of natural antioxidants, specifically tocopherol isomers, which makes them more stable and less likely to become rancid, guaranteeing a longer shelf-life.
Uses.
Quinoa is a natural source of Vitamin E and therefore is used in many anti-aging skin products, as well as hair products. Quinoa oil is used in many recipes as a substitute for other various kinds of cooking oil. For example, it can be used in cooking, frying and salad dressing. The high level of saturated fatty acids present in the oil make it an ideal candidate for cooking use. Quinoa oil has also been used in eczema treatments.
Production.
Quinoa oil is produced from the cold pressing of the quinoa seed. The yield of oil by weight is an average of 6 percent and ranges from 2-9 percent. The amount of oil in quinoa is relatively high compared with other cereal grains such as corn or wheat.

</doc>
<doc id="5918342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918342" title="Ohio State Route 5">
Ohio State Route 5

State Route 5 (SR 5) is an east–west state highway in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. Its western terminus is at Interstate 76 at its interchange with State Route 44 about south of Ravenna, and its eastern terminus is at the Pennsylvania state line northeast of Kinsman; this point is also the western terminus of Pennsylvania Route 58 which begins to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="5918351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918351" title="Ayza El Radd">
Ayza El Radd

Ayza El Radd (or sometimes "Ayza El Rad") is the 2nd album of Lebanese artist Nawal Al Zoghbi.
The Album was released in 1994. Nawal First video clip ever was for the title song "Ayza El Rad" which was her breakthrough hit and made her famous throughout the Arab world. It is good to note that Nawal had an old clip that was a simple shooting of her song during a live performance, the song of Wehyati Andak which was from her first album, it can also be considered as her first television appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="5918355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918355" title="Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly">
Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly

Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly is the stage name of English artist Sam Duckworth and his band. He is sometimes referred to as Get Cape, Cape, GCWCF and Slam Dunkworth (the latter title apparently first coined by Emmy The Great). According to Duckworth, his stage name comes from a ZX Spectrum magazine. One of the sections of the solution to the "Batman" computer game contained the header "Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly".
Music career.
Sam grew up in Southend-on-Sea, Essex. Get Cape was signed to Atlantic Records in March 2006, after playing many gigs, both with punk rock band Silverskin and as Get Cape.
Get Cape has collaborated with Billy Bragg, Nitin Sawhney, Shlomo, Killa Kela, Baba Maal, Flea, Kate Nash, and many others with his participation in many events for Africa Express.
Sam co-organised The Demolition Ball - the last night at the London Astoria venue before it was knocked down in January 2009.
Get Cape also headlined the Astoria for his 21st birthday party.
"The Chronicles of a Bohemian Teenager".
Get Cape's debut album, "The Chronicles of a Bohemian Teenager", is best described as an indie/folk/electronic fusion. The album made the top 100 albums of 2006 lists of "Q" and "NME". It reached number 26 on the official UK album chart and spawned three top 40 singles.
In October 2006, he performed as part of the BBC Electric Proms. He played at a number of major festivals in 2007, including Oxegen, Glastonbury, Reading and Leeds Festivals and SXSW, and appeared in the BBC Radio 1 live lounge.
In January 2007, Duckworth was nominated for best solo artist at the annual "NME" Awards, up against Lily Allen, Jamie T, Jarvis Cocker and Thom Yorke, although he did not win.
"Searching for the Hows and Whys".
Get Cape's second album, "Searching for the Hows and Whys" was released on 10 March 2008. It features guest vocals from Kate Nash on the track, "Better Things". The album also features Billy Bragg on "Interlude". "Waiting for the Monster to Drown" was released as a free download via Get Cape's official website and MySpace on 7 December 2007. The first single released from the album was "Find The Time" which was released on 3 March 2008, and reached number 33 on the UK Top 40 Chart.
"Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly." [Self-titled].
The third and self-titled album was released on Cooking Vinyl on 13 September 2010, with the first single from the album "Collapsing Cities Feat. Shy FX" released on 9 August 2010. The album cover artwork was created by artist Jon Kipps and photographer Joe Lang.
"The Mannequin".
The Mannequin is the first album released under the name Sam Duckworth rather than 'Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly.'
"Maps".
The fourth Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly album was released on 7 May 2012.
Television.
On 24 March 2008, he performed on "Hollyoaks" as part of a gig staged in the village.
Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly has also had an episode of American TV show "One Tree Hill" named after him. Every episode of the show has a title with a musical theme, either a song title or band name. Episode 3 of season 6 of "One Tree Hill" is titled "Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly."
Personal life.
Duckworth is well known for his debating and love for a variety of different musical styles. He has had run-ins with the British National Party after a racist attack in a nightclub which led to the song "Glasshouses", and he has since become an avid supporter of Love Music Hate Racism. He is also a Fairtrade supporter.
Sam also took part in Oxfam's Blue campaign at Glastonbury which was shot by photographer Rankin.
Rumours circulating the net included that of Duckworth's proposed marriage to "an Asian princess" in an interview with "Metro" Newspaper.
The talk of an Asian princess was just hearsay, but in an interview Sam admitted that there was no truth to the engagement however he was dating fellow musician Nadine Shah, hailed as "the female Nick Cave".
Sam grew up in Southend-on-Sea and attended Southend High School for Boys between 1997 and 2004, studying Geography (amid others) to A-level. He took part in the school's House System, as a member of 'Tuscany' house.
Other contributors.
The GCWCF live band includes:

</doc>
<doc id="5918373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918373" title="104th Field Battery, Royal Australian Artillery">
104th Field Battery, Royal Australian Artillery

The 104 Field Battery, Royal Australian Artillery was formed in the town of Moascar in Egypt during March 1916 as the 104th Field Artillery (Howitzer) Battery, part of 4th Field Artillery Brigade. The battery was disbanded, reformed and rerolled many times during its history. It is now one of three gun batteries in 1 Regt RAA.
History.
World War I.
The 104th Field Battery, Royal Regiment of Australian Artillery, had its beginnings in Egypt, in March 1916. At this time the Battery was raised as a part of the general expansion of divisional artillery prior to the AIF being dispatched to France. In mid-March 1916 the battery sailed for France, and upon their arrival were issued with new 4.5 inch howitzers, reunited with their horses and commenced training. On 21 April 1916, 104th Howitzer Battery relieved C Battery of 176 Brigade Royal Field Artillery (RFA) on the line south east of Armentieres, exchanging guns in the process. Shortly after this, they were deployed to the Somme and saw their first real action on the Western front. After the Third Battle of Ypres, the battery fired in support of the British 30th Division and the British 7th Brigade in the Battle of the Hindenburg Line.
Over the next two years, the 104th Field Battery, as part of the 2nd Division Artillery, saw intense and unrelenting action on the Western Front, with almost 58% of the total gunners deployed from Australia being killed. After victory was declared the battery returned to Australia and was disbanded.
Vietnam War.
The battery served two tours of South Vietnam; the first was from May 1968 to May 1969 as part of 12 Field Regiment, supporting 4 RAR. On returning to Australia, the battery regrouped in Holsworthy, and moved up to Townsville in preparation for its second tour of Vietnam. The battery’s second tour was from May 1971 to December 1971, again supporting 4 RAR. 104th Field Battery was the last Australian Field Artillery unit to leave Vietnam. On returning to Australia the Battery was located at Coral Lines Ingleburn with 12th Field Regiment.
Post-Vietnam.
For a short period time the battery participated in peacetime training and support activities, but with the formation of 8th/12th Medium Regiment, the Battery was disbanded in December 1973.
In November 1977 the Battery was re-raised as part of the 8th /12th Medium regiment with guns. Soon after the re-raising, the battery took part in its most important peacetime action. In February 1978, following a bomb blast at the Hilton Hotel in Sydney, the decision was made to call in the Army to secure Bowral, the venue for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Regional Meeting. However on 15 June 1979 the battery was once again formally disbanded.
Recent history.
In October 1985 the battery was re-raised as an Army Reserve Unit, as part of 1st Field Regiment in Brisbane, and again issued with the 105mm M2A2 Howitzer. The M2A2 was replaced in October 1990, with the 105mm L118/L119 Hamel Gun.
In January 1992 the Regiment converted to the Ready Reserve Scheme, attracting a large increase in numbers to the battery and Regiment. The scheme involved members undertaking a contract to work full-time for 12 months, then work 50 days a year for the next four years.
In December 1996, the Ready Reserve Scheme was completed, however the Battery continued to foster 'Ready Reserve Soldiers' until 2000, when the Battery assumed the composition of a general reserve unit.
104 Field Battery was disbanded on 1 July 2005 during a parade held by 1st Field Regiment to retask 105 Field Battery to a Medium Battery role. Personnel were transferred to the reserve element of 105 Medium Battery and to other batteries within the regiment.
As part of an Army wide restructuring of Artillery units, the Battery was re- raised in 2011 as an observation battery. In 2014 it was again restructured as a conventional battery with Observers, CP and M777 Gun line. It is currently building its manning to be a full sized battery in the coming years. 

</doc>
<doc id="5918383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918383" title="Jilliane Hoffman">
Jilliane Hoffman

Jilliane Hoffman is an American writer of legal thrillers. She was born on Long Island and attended both undergraduate and law school at St. John's University in Queens, New York. 
Career.
Before starting to write, Hoffman experienced the true life of a lawyer while working as an assistant state's attorney prosecuting felonies in Miami, Florida from 1992 to 1996. From 1996 to 2001, she was a regional advisor for the Florida Department of Law Enforcement consulting with special agents in complicated investigations including homicide, narcotics and organized crime.
With the knowledge obtained through years of work as a lawyer, Hoffman turned to writing legal/crime thrillers. Her first novel, Retribution, was published in 2004, followed by "Last Witness" in 2005. Her third book, "Plea of Insanity", (originally scheduled for release in March 2007) was released in Europe in July 2008 and has been available in North America since April 2009.
Personal.
She lives in South Florida with her husband and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="5918387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918387" title="Belfast Model School for Girls">
Belfast Model School for Girls

Belfast Model School for Girls is an all-girls' school located in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Also Known as "G.M.S" (Girls Model School). In 2006, the school was granted specialist school status for ICT, one of only 12 schools in Northern Ireland to achieve this. It is within the Belfast Education and Library Board area.
The school opened on its present site in January 2010 and has over 1000 pupils and over 70 teachers. Facilities within the new school include
The school was visited by the Secretary of State Peter Hain on 7 March 2006 leaving the school with high standard feedback.

</doc>
<doc id="5918394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918394" title="Camille Gourvenec">
Camille Gourvenec

Camille Gourvenec was an officer of the French external intelligence service SDECE, possibly with the rank of colonel, who, from 1966, was seconded as security adviser to President François Tombalbaye of Chad, and was therefore effectively head of Tombalbaye's security and intelligence service. He had previously served with the French forces in Algeria. It has been alleged that he was a key member of the Françafrique network, led by Jacques Foccart.
It was alleged that he was personally involved in the interrogation (under torture) of numerous opponents of Tombalbaye's regime, and also implicated in the killing of others, including Outel Bono.
His deputy was Commandant Pierre Galopin, who was executed in 1975 by Hissène Habré, after he had been sent to negotiate the release of Françoise Claustre.
Gourvenec also commanded Chad's Nomad and National Guard and may have had advance warning of the coup which toppled Tombalbaye in 1975 but he did not intervene. He died in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="5918412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918412" title="Wil Shipley">
Wil Shipley

William "Wil" Jon Shipley (born October 16, 1969) is a Macintosh software developer, best known for co-founding and heading The Omni Group in 1991, where he did consulting work and developed software for the NeXTSTEP operating system, Rhapsody and later Mac OS X. His firm was one of a relative few to develop for Rhapsody, with the company's OmniWeb becoming the most popular browser for the platform. While at Omni he won a record five Apple Design Awards for his company's products. He went on to found a second notable software firm, Delicious Monster, with Mike Matas in 2004. Delicious Library, the company's flagship product, won three more Apple Design Awards.
In November 2004 he added the ability to scan UPCs to Delicious Library and pioneered the field of computer-based video one-dimensional barcode scanning (previous efforts had not been real-time, taking up to 2 seconds per frame). In 2007 Wil and Lucas Newman wrote a new algorithm that did not require cameras with variable focus lenses, thus pioneering blurry one-dimensional barcode reading ("reverse image deconvolution") using ideas from Belgian astronomers.
He is noted in the Macintosh community for his experience in software usability and design, as well as the Pimp My Code series on his personal weblog, a popular feature where he shares free code examples and tips on programming. In 2005, Shipley gave a talk entitled "How to Succeed Writing Mac Software" at WWDC and in 2007 spoke at C4 about using "the hype machine" to your company's advantage. In 2006 and 2007, he was named one of the most influential members of the Mac community by MacTech Magazine.
Shipley has appeared in "Penny Arcade", a popular webcomic, three times.

</doc>
<doc id="5918416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918416" title="Farm to Market Road 989">
Farm to Market Road 989

Farm to Market Road 989, locally known as Kings Highway, is a Farm to Market Road in Bowie County, Texas, located to the west of Texarkana. It runs north to south, remaining 1–2 miles outside the Texarkana, Texas city limits. 
History.
FM 989 was originally designated on November 23, 1948 with a northern terminus at U.S. Highway 82 in Nash and a southern terminus at U.S. Highway 59, half a mile south west of the Loop, a total length of . However, on October 28, 1953, it was extended to include a loop and connect with Farm to Market Road 559 northwest of Texarkana. On September 20, 1961, FM 989 was extended again, picking up an additional on the south end, to connect to Farm to Market Road 2516. In 1995, the entire route of FM 989 was transferred to Urban Road 989, but this is an internal designation used by TXDOT and the road is still signed as FM 989.
Junction list.
From north to south:
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5918432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918432" title="Creamola Foam">
Creamola Foam

Creamola Foam was a soft drink produced in the form of soluble crystals. It was manufactured in Glasgow and sold mainly in Scotland from the 1950s until Nestlé ended production in October 1998. 
In 2010, a company from Dumbarton started producing a re-creation of Creamola Foam under the name Kramola Fizz. 
An alternative product called 'Krakatoa Foam' is now being manufactured by Ally Bally Bees Ltd, based in Fife and is now exported to Europe and the USA. The Creamola Foam Appreciation Society have named it 'The closest to the real thing'.
Details.
Creamola foam came in the form of colourful crystals which were dissolved in cold water to form a sweet, effervescent drink. It was packaged in a small tin labelled with a cartoon girl and boy drinking with straws.
The drink originally came in raspberry, orange, and lemon flavours; cola was a later addition to the range.
The product was originally owned by Rowntrees before coming under the banner of Nestle UK until being sold off to Premier Foods.
The name is often misspelled as "Cremola foam".
Early form.
The original packaging consisted of a small tin with a tight metal lid, normally pried off with a teaspoon. A paper seal covered the foam crystals.
The packaging included the phrases:
The original ingredient list read:
Later revision.
The revision introduced in the 80s featured a plastic lid and modernised branding. The label reads, "Creamola FOAM". The ingredients were:
Demand from the public.
A large number of Scottish and Irish people born between the 1950s and early 1990s retain an affection and nostalgia for Creamola Foam, as a drink they enjoyed as children and cannot obtain today.
To this effect several online petitions argue for the resumption of the brand. Additionally some internet sites such as 'retrosweets.co.uk' collect details of the drink (such as ingredient lists) in the hope that it might be resurrected in some form in the future.
Scottish Parliament motion and amendment bulletin from 18th Jan 2010.
S3M-5454 "That the Parliament welcomes news of the launch of Creamola Fizz, the reincarnation of an old favourite fizzy soluble drink, known as Creamola Foam Crystals, that used to be a big treat for young and old alike; recalls that it was withdrawn by Nestlé in 1998; welcomes its imminent return under local Scottish ownership, and wishes the new producer, Alan McCandlish of Cardross, every success with the expected relaunch early this year to delight a whole new generation of Creamola Fizz lovers."
The motion was supported by: Alasdair Allan, Jackie Baillie, Cathy Peattie, Bill Wilson, Jim Hume, Anne McLaughlin, Jackson Carlaw, Sandra White, Bill Kidd, Patrick Harvie, Aileen Campbell, Brian Adam, Bob Doris, Christine Grahame, Iain Smith, Gil Paterson, Linda Fabiani, Maureen Watt, Dave Thompson

</doc>
<doc id="5918435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918435" title="How Buildings Learn">
How Buildings Learn

How Buildings Learn: What Happens After They’re Built is an illustrated book on the evolution of buildings and how buildings adapt to changing requirements over long periods. It was written by Stewart Brand and published by Viking Press in 1994. In 1997 it was turned into a 6 part TV series on the BBC.
Book.
Brand asserts that the best buildings are made from low-cost, standard designs that people are familiar with, and easy to modify. In this way people can gradually change their buildings to meet their needs. One of his examples is Building 20 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Brand goes so far as to state that a supply of simple, low-cost, easily modified buildings is key to innovation and economic growth. He implies that an expanding property-value market may actually slow innovation and produce a less human-centered community. Among other things, the book details the notion of Shearing layers.
Criticism of the architect Richard Rogers was removed from the UK edition but remains in the US edition.
TV series.
The book inspired a 6-part TV series by the BBC, produced by James Runcie, executive producer Roly Keating, which was screened in July 1997. Stewart Brand added the series to Google Video in June 2008.
In the BBC series, Brand is highly critical of the entire modernist approach to architecture. He fully rejects the "center out" approach of design, where a single person or group designs a building for others to use, in favor of an evolutionary approach where owners can change a building over time to meet their needs. He focuses specific criticisms on modernist innovators like Buckminster Fuller for making round buildings that do not allow any kind of additions or internal divisions, Frank Gehry for making buildings that were hard to maintain, and Le Corbusier for making buildings that did not take into consideration the needs of families. Brand was also critical of French development during the 1980s which did not take local conditions into account and ended up not serving their purpose, like the central Library which had to take money away from buying new books to deal with the heat produced by so many windows. 
Brand stresses the value an organic kind of building, based on four walls, which is easy to change and expand and grow as the idea form of building. This embracing traditional box design as the optimal structure puts him in direct contrast to thinkers like Buckminster Fuller who proposed geodesic dome as a better solution for buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5918437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918437" title="Balaee Fi Zamany">
Balaee Fi Zamany

Balaee Fi Zamany is Nawal Al Zoghbi's third album, released in 1995 by Music Box International. The two hit singles were "Balaee Fi Zamani" and "Wala Behemenni".
Music videos.
In the video we find Nawal singing on an island.
The music video involved used the latest technology of video effects at that time. Nawal Animation videos and photos where shown on several billboards and media in the streets in Beirut. As well as on famous international Magazines like ELLE.
The idea and the effects were new, and due to the success of this clip, director Mirna Khayat who directed the clip, got a good recognition by the media at the time.
It was worth to note that 11 years after this clip, that is in the 2006, we see nawal in a very similar clip with a similar idea of her animation of the media billboards in the streets of Beirut.

</doc>
<doc id="5918450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918450" title="Culloden Point">
Culloden Point

Culloden Point is a small peninsula north of Montauk, New York that marks the east side entrance to Fort Pond Bay from Long Island Sound.
HMS "Culloden".
The British ship HMS "Culloden" ran aground here in 1781 while pursuing a French frigate. To keep it from falling into enemy hands, the British threw the cannons overboard and burned the ship.
The wreck was discovered in the 1970s when portions of it washed ashore (reports indicate that some of the washed-up debris had been used for beach campfires). One of the cannons is on display at the East Hampton Marine Museum in Amagansett, New York, which has an extensive display of "Culloden" artifacts.
Other cannons are still on the bottom close to shore and about 20 to 25 feet below the surface. The wreck is protected on the National Register of Historic Places and now is the first underwater park on Long Island, New York. The park is accessible on a single-lane gravel road at the west end of Soundview Drive. Divers use a large rock with pebbles on top of it to the north of the bluff stairs as the landmark for reaching the wreck. They follow a heading of 333 degrees. It is about 150 feet off shore. The debris field is marked by buoys.
Prior to the discovery of the wreck in the 1970s, the spit was called Will's Point, possibly named after Will Indian, a herder mentioned in early East Hampton Town records.
Amistad.
In 1839 the Amistad anchored at Culloden Point after the surviving crew tried to convince their revolting slave captors that they had returned to Africa. They went for provisions in the village of Montauk. The ship was seized here by the USS Washington (1837).
Leisurama.
In the early 1960s, about 200 Leisurama prefabricated homes designed by Andrew Geller were built at the point after being sold from a display on the ninth floor of the Macy's in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="5918454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918454" title="Outram Secondary School">
Outram Secondary School

Outram Secondary School, abbreviated as OSS (, Pinyin: Oū Nán Zhōng Xué) is a government school in Singapore. Founded in 1906 as Outram Road School, then Outram School by gazette notification, Outram Secondary School is one of the oldest schools in Singapore. It is the only government school in Singapore with a swimming pool. The principal of Outram Secondary School is Mr Loh Cheung Ming.
History.
Prior to 1874.
Before 1874, in response to a need to provide the opportunity of learning English through the medium of the mother tongue of the various races, two schools were built in Singapore, one at Cross Street and other at Kampong Glam. As the numbers in the school at Cross Street grew, a new school, Outram Road School, was built at Outram Road, opened by the Governor of Singapore, Sir John Anderson on 26 February 1906. By Gazette notification in 1939 the word "Road" was deleted and the school was known as Outram School.
From 1906.
Outram School functioned as a Primary School. Acting as a feeder school, Pearl's Hill Standard One proceeded to Standard Two at Outram. Likewise, Outram was the feeder school to Raffles Institution. The working arrangement between Pearl's Hill School and Outram School continued up to January 1953 whereas the working agreement between Outram and Raffles Institution ceased with the fall of Singapore in February 1942. After the war, Outram boys competed with other Government Primary School pupils in securing places in Government Secondary Schools.
Lost records (1906 to 1942).
Under the orders of the Education Department, Mr SG Mohamed Ghows, who was Outram's Principal in 1941, sent all Outram School's records to the Pasir Panjang English School for safe keeping. Subsequently, this school suffered a direct hit during the World War II and with it went all Outram's past records, from 1906 to 1942.
Conversion into a secondary school in 1954.
On 1 January 1954, Outram ceased to be a purely Primary School and was converted to a four year Secondary Commercial School with a four year secondary school course leading to the School Certificate of Commercial Education of the London Chamber of Commerce. With the conversion, the school motto was changed from "On to Success" to "Labor Omnia Vincit" – Labour Conquers All. The school's crest was also changed.
School song.
The Outram School Song, "Labour Conquers All", was composed in 1966 by members of the school staff. Lyrics of the school song were composed by Mr Vincent Khoo and music by his sister, Miss Teresa Khoo.
Lyrics:
Verse 1
We will go marching on together<br>
True to our Alma Mater<br>
We will strive and march to victory<br>
Loyal Outramians are we. 
CHORUS:
Onward, friends, be true, sincere<br>
Work and foes we must not fear<br>
Never falter, never fall<br>
Labour conquers all.
Verse 2
We will raise our standards high<br>
And with our voices cry<br>
Brave and true hearts we will always be<br>
Loyal Outramians are we.
Pre-war school song.
In the days gone by<br>
We were at Pearl's Hill<br>
Where we worked and played<br>
With hearty goodwill<br>
Now that we have gone<br>
To greater heights<br>
That we are proud<br>
That Outram is our school<br>
Three cheers for Outram School.
School badge.
The school badge was introduced in 1958. Initiated by C.A. Peterson, the design was registered with the College of Arms, UK. Shaped like a shield, it has a book and two clasps on the top, the coat of the arms of the city of Singapore on the left and three broad bands of red, blue and yellow, the colour of the school on the right. The original colours of the school were red and blue, but since the celebration of the Golden Anniversary, yellow has been incorporated.
School Advisory Committee.
The School Advisory Committee (SAC) promotes closer relationships between the community and the school, takes an interest in student and staff welfare and encourages students' extracurricular activities. Members of the committee have organised fund-raising events such as Swimathons and Funfairs to raise funds for school activities and improvement projects.
The committee is responsible for building the Swimming Pool and Squash Complex. The SAC encourages student participation in water sports, for example SAC sponsored the water-polo team on an overseas trip for being first in an inter-school competition. The committee gives the Outstanding Student Award to the best all-rounder on Annual Speech Day Celebrations to inspire students to strive towards excellence. It also sponsors annual staff dinners in which the Chairman presents souvenirs to long-serving teachers and non-teaching staff in appreciation of their service.
Parent-Teacher Association.
The Parent-Teacher Association (PTA) promote co-operation and understanding between parents and the Principal and teachers for the welfare of the pupils. It provides opportunities for discussion and explanation of matters relating to the education of the pupils and encourages social interaction between parents and teachers. Annually, the PTA gives a scholarship award to the top 'O' level student and bursaries to needy pupils. It encourages pupils to read by presenting shields to champion reading classes. It donates a challenge trophy for the champion house for the annual cross country championship.
Every year, the PTA hosts the Secondary One Orientation to familiarise new pupils and parents with the school and its facilities. It organises gatherings for teachers and parents to discuss pupils' progress. It also organises talks for parents.
Old Outramian's Association.
The Old Outramians' Association (OOA) serves as a link between past students and the school. It enables past students to gather and interact, preserving and renewing old friendships, and provides an opportunity for past students to give something back to the school which has nurtured them.
Like the SAC and PTA, the OAA encourages excellence in ECA and academic performance by giving awards to outstanding students on Speech Day Celebrations. It has helped to raise funds for the school by organising charity dinners, a golf championship and a film premiere. The OOA has also offered the use of the OOA Room, a facility fully funded by the OOA, to the school as a Pupil Activity Centre - a "home away from home" or after-care centre for the latchkey pupils.
Notable alumni.
The school has built three Mother Tongue Culture Rooms (Chinese, Malay, and Indian) on the sixth floor to let students develop an interest and appreciation of the traditional cultures.
From January 2008, the school partnered with Singapore Polytechnic's School of Business to offer a new applied subject called "Introduction to Enterprise Development". This enables students to pursue their interests in Enterprise Development.
External links.
School website

</doc>
<doc id="5918456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918456" title="My Kantele">
My Kantele

My Kantele is an EP by the Finnish band Amorphis released in 1997. It contains the acoustic version of "My Kantele" from the Elegy album and four previously unreleased songs. The song, "My Kantele", is a traditional Finnish song from the 1840 collection Kanteletar and is also sung by Loituma.

</doc>
<doc id="5918459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918459" title="Ulmus glaucescens">
Ulmus glaucescens

Ulmus glaucescens Franch. the Gansu Elm, is a small deciduous tree from the northern provinces of China, where it is found along river valleys and on mountain slopes at elevations of between 2000 m and 2600 m.
Description.
Although typically no more than 10 m in height, it can sometimes reach 18 m. Slow growing, the tree is possessed of a stiff branching pattern resembling that of a young American Elm. The bark is longitudinally fissured and occasionally exhibits a peeling, mottled pattern. However, the tree is most easily distinguished by its small leaves; ranging from ovate to lanceolate, their size rarely exceeds 5 cm in length by 2.5 cm breadth, and are borne on twigs devoid of corky wings or layers. The perfect wind-pollinated apetalous flowers are produced on second-year shoots in March - April; the samarae are elliptic, < 25 mm long, and can remain on the tree until the end of May.
Pests and diseases.
The tree is resistant to Dutch elm disease; it is also very resistant to the Elm Leaf Beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola".
Cultivation.
The tree is notable for its resistance to extreme drought which, combined with its high resistance to the elm leaf beetle in the USA, has made it a contender for establishment on the Great Plains. Like most other Asiatic species, it is intolerant of wet ground. The tree is very rare in cultivation, but was one of a number of Chinese elms assessed for their horticultural potential at the Morton Arboretum, Illinois, during the last quarter of the 20 th century. It is not known to have been introduced to Europe or Australasia. There are no known cultivars of this taxon, nor is it known to be in commerce.
Subspecies & varieties.
Two varieties are recognized: var. "glaucescens" Rehder, and var. "lasiocarpa" L.K.Fu.
Nurseries.
None known.

</doc>
<doc id="5918462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918462" title="Santa Rosa, Florence">
Santa Rosa, Florence

Santa Rosa Church is a tabernacle in the Italian city of Florence in the province of Tuscany.

</doc>
<doc id="5918473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918473" title="After Here Through Midland">
After Here Through Midland

After Here Through Midland is the second album by Cock Robin and was released in 1987. 
Again it was a big success in continental Europe as their first eponymous album, reaching the Top 10, but was largely ignored in the United States where the album reached only #166 in the Billboard 200. The single "Just Around the Corner" proved to be the biggest hit in Europe, and it remains a staple on adult contemporary and pop music stations in France.
Track listing.
All songs by Peter Kingsbery
Misc.
Produced by Don Gehman
Singles:

</doc>
<doc id="5918479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918479" title="Fred Whitlam">
Fred Whitlam

Harry Frederick Ernest "Fred" Whitlam (3 April 1884 – 8 December 1961) was Australia's Crown Solicitor from 1936 to 1949, and a pioneer of international human rights law in Australia. He was the father of Prime Minister Gough Whitlam, and had a great influence on his son's values and interests.
Early life.
Whitlam was born in Prahran, a suburb of Melbourne, and was educated at a local state school before winning a scholarship to Wesley College, Melbourne. In 1900 he took first place in the Victorian Public Service clerical examination and joined the Department of Lands and Survey. After Federation he transferred to the Commonwealth Public Service, joining the Commonwealth Crown Solicitor's Office. In 1911 he moved to the land tax branch of the Treasury, where he employed the young John McEwen (later Prime Minister) as a clerk. He studied at the University of Melbourne, graduating in law in 1914. 
Whitlam married Martha Maddocks in September 1914. Gough Whitlam was born in Melbourne in 1916 and Freda Whitlam in Sydney in 1920 - she became principal of Presbyterian Ladies' College, Sydney and later moderator of the New South Wales Synod of the Uniting Church.
Public servant.
In 1918 Whitlam transferred to the Sydney office of the Crown Solicitor's office, and in 1920 he was admitted as a barrister and solicitor of the High Court of Australia. He became deputy Crown Solicitor in 1921, assistant Crown Solicitor (based in Canberra) in 1927, and Crown Solicitor in December 1936. In this position he was senior legal adviser to the government for 12 years, and his views were respected and influential. Cameron Hazlehurst writes: 
As a public servant, Whitlam had no formal involvement in politics, but he was active in civic and community affairs in Canberra, then a small and isolated town, and was also active in the local Presbyterian Church. In 1933 he led a campaign against Canberra residents being required to pay a hospital tax when they had no elected local government and no parliamentary representation. He was known to have pro-Labor views. In a 1973 interview, Gough Whitlam said that had his parents been British, they would have been Liberals. "In the Australian context they would vote Labor as the party of change and public responsibility - things being done by elected persons rather than by self-perpetuating directorates." Whitlam was also was a friend of Evatt, Attorney-General in the 1941-49 Labor government and later Leader of the Opposition.
Influence on son.
Early biographers of Gough Whitlam were quick to detect his father's influence:
Whitlam was a pioneer of international human rights law in Australia, and this was the area in which he exercised his most powerful influence over his son Gough Whitlam's career. As a member of the Australian delegation to the Paris Peace Conference in 1946, Whitlam argued Australia's case for a permanent international human-rights court, an idea whose time was yet to come. "Instructed by Evatt not to compromise, he reported to his wife that he had 'stiffened the sinews and summoned up the blood', but to no avail.". He contributed to drafts of the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights. 
Whitlam retired as Crown Solicitor in April 1949, but continued to be closely involved in United Nations matters as an adviser to the Department of External Affairs. He was an Australian representative at the United Nations Commission on Human Rights in 1950 and 1954. He died in Canberra in 1961, by which time his son was Deputy Leader of the Federal Labor Party. Graham Freudenberg writes of Fred Whitlam's influence on Gough Whitlam:
Paul Hasluck, a public servant before becoming a Liberal politician in 1949 (and no admirer of Gough Whitlam), wrote of Fred Whitlam:

</doc>
<doc id="5918490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918490" title="Hausach">
Hausach

Hausach is a town in the Ortenaukreis, in western Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated in the Black Forest, on the river Kinzig, 25 km southeast of Offenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5918498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918498" title="Harald Eriksson">
Harald Eriksson

Harald Eriksson (born September 22, 1921) is a former Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1940s and '50s. 
He won the 50 km silver at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz. The same year he won the 50 km at the Holmenkollen ski festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5918500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918500" title="Arthur Wallis">
Arthur Wallis

Arthur Wallis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5918504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918504" title="Brush Creek (Raystown Branch Juniata River)">
Brush Creek (Raystown Branch Juniata River)

Brush Creek is a tributary of the Raystown Branch Juniata River in Fulton and Bedford counties, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Brush Creek flows down a valley between Polish Mountain and Rays Hill, and enters the Raystown Branch several miles west of Breezewood.
Bridges.
The Feltons Mill Covered Bridge and Jacksons Mill Covered Bridge cross Brush Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="5918511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918511" title="York–Dauphin (SEPTA station)">
York–Dauphin (SEPTA station)

York-Dauphin Station is an elevated rapid transit stop on the Market-Frankford Line, of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) transit system. It is a station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the Kensington neighborhood. During peak hours, the station is served by "B" trains only. The station is also used as a terminal for buses.
Location.
York-Dauphin Station is located on 2300 N. Front Street, the corner of East York Street and North Front Street. It is the next stop after Berks Station and comes before Huntingdon Station. York-Dauphin Station is the last station to run above Front Street on the Market–Frankford Line, it branches off on Kensington Avenue heading towards the Frankford Transportation Center.
Services.
York-Dauphin serves as a transit terminal for both buses and trains. Exact transit fare must be used when boarding public buses and trains. Transfers are available with trips requiring more than one transit service in the same direction.
The station includes two platforms which is accessible for riders with disabilities. Pedestrian bridges are also located at the station connecting to Front Street.
SEPTA bus routes at York-Dauphin include Routes 3 (Strawberry Mansion to Frankford Transportation Center), 39 (Strawberry Mansion to Fishtown), and 89 (Frankford to Kensington).
There is no parking or bike racks available at the station.
Incidents.
In 1960, Budd Company replaced the original 270 electric trolley buses with 315 new ones. On December 26, 1961 during the process, two cars were wrecked in a derailment at the York-Dauphin Station, killing one passenger. The accident occurred on the curve, at York and Front Street, right before the York-Dauphin stop, just north of the station. The four-car southbound train went into a curve and hit a guardrail. The first three cars slid off the tracks as it crashed into York-Dauphin Station. Over 100 policemen were present at the derailment incident.
On July 13, 2010, a 36 year old woman was a victim of a sexual assault incident that happen between York-Dauphin Station and Somerset Station. Two officers from the Philadelphia Police Department's 24th District held the suspect for SEPTA Transit Police but the suspect was later released.

</doc>
<doc id="5918513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918513" title="Havelsee">
Havelsee

Havelsee is a town in the Potsdam-Mittelmark district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Havel, 12 km northwest of Brandenburg.
The Pritzerbe Ferry, a vehicular cable ferry, crosses the Havel between Havelsee and Kützkow.

</doc>
<doc id="5918527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918527" title="José Pampuro">
José Pampuro

José Juan Bautista Pampuro (born December 28, 1949) is an Argentine politician. He is a member of the Justicialist Party, was formerly a Defense Minister and is currently a senator for Buenos Aires Province. He serves as the Senate provisional President and is second in line for the presidential succession.
Pampuro was born in Buenos Aires in 1949. He enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires and earned a Medical Degree. He entered public service in 1983, when he was named Public Health Secretary to the Mayor of Lanús, Manuel Quindimil. He was elected to the Lower House of Congress on the populist Justicialist Party ticket in 1987, and was named Minister of Health and Social Policy for Buenos Aires Province by newly elected Governor Eduardo Duhalde in 1991.
He was named director of the Buenos Aires Provincial Office (each Argentine province maintains one in the nation's capital) in 1993, and remained in the post until being returned by voters to Congress in 1999. Eduardo Duhalde, appointed President of Argentina by Congress during a crisis in 2002, named Pampuro Chief of Staff, and on May 25, 2003, he was retained in government by President Néstor Kirchner, who named Pampuro his first Defense Minister.
Pampuro was elected to the Senate on the Front for Victory slate alongside Cristina Fernández de Kirchner in the 2005 mid-term elections, in which the center-left Front for Victory did well. He was elected Provisional President of the Senate on February 22, 2006, putting him second in line to the presidency, and twice as President of the Mercosur Parliament (during the first half of 2008 and the first half of 2010).
Pampuro retired from the Senate in 2011 with the distinction of being the first man in Argentina to twice be succeeded by women who were first to hold their respective posts: as Defense Minister by Nilda Garré, and as Provisional President of the Senate by Beatriz Rojkés de Alperovich.

</doc>
<doc id="5918530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918530" title="Hayingen">
Hayingen

Hayingen is a town in the district of Reutlingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 32 km southeast of Reutlingen.

</doc>
<doc id="5918532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918532" title="Undervalue transaction">
Undervalue transaction

An undervalue transaction is a transaction entered into by a company who subsequently goes into bankruptcy which the court orders be set aside, usually upon the application of a liquidator for the benefit of the debtor's creditors.
Under ordinary principles of contract law, the courts will not generally look into the adequacy of the consideration provided by either side. However, if a company is in real peril of going into bankruptcy, many legal systems provide a mechanism that transactions which are seriously commercially disadvantageous to the company can be unwound, so as to prevent prejudice to the creditors of the company.
Normally, for a transaction to be set aside as an undervalue transaction, the liquidator or equivalent must demonstrate that:
The vulnerability period is the period of time immediately prior to the company going into bankruptcy. The length of the vulnerability period varies between countries, and some countries apply different vulnerability periods in different circumstances. For example, in the United Kingdom, the vulnerability period is either:
The period is calculated by reference to the period of time immediately preceding the company going into liquidation or administration.
The effect of a successful application to have a transaction declared as an undervalue transaction varies. Inevitably the other party to the transaction who received the benefit has to return the benefit (or account for it) it to the liquidator. In some countries the assets are treated in the normal way, and may be taken by any secured creditors who have a security interest which catches the assets (characteristically, a floating charge). However, some countries have "ring-fenced" recoveries of unfair preferences so that they are made available to the pool of assets for unsecured creditors.
Many jurisdictions which have prohibitions on undervalue transactions also provide for an exception in the case of transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business where the directors are of a view that it is for the benefit of the company, and such transactions are usually either validated or presumed to be validated.

</doc>
<doc id="5918535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918535" title="List of Permanent Representatives of New Zealand to the United Nations in New York">
List of Permanent Representatives of New Zealand to the United Nations in New York

The Permanent Representative of New Zealand to the United Nations in New York is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative at the headquarters of the United Nations, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission to the United Nations in New York.
The Permanent Delegation is located at the United Nations headquarters in New York City. New Zealand has maintained a resident Permanent Representative to the UN in New York since 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="5918538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918538" title="Amazilia hummingbird">
Amazilia hummingbird

The Amazilia Hummingbird ("Amazilia amazilia") is a species of hummingbird, a family of small near passerine birds. The Loja Hummingbird ("A. alticola"), with less rufous to the underparts, is sometimes considered a subspecies of the Amazilia Hummingbird.
The Amazilia Hummingbird occurs in western Peru and Ecuador. It is generally common, and can regularly be seen even in major cities such as Lima and Guayaquil. It prefers dry, open or semi-open habitats, but also occurs in forest. In its range it is easily recognized by the combination of a black-tipped red bill and mainly rufous underparts.

</doc>
<doc id="5918554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918554" title="WDWL">
WDWL

WDWL is a Spanish-language religious television station in Bayamón, Puerto Rico, broadcasting locally on channel 36 as an affiliate of TBN Enlace. Founded May 11, 1987, the station is owned by TeleAdoración Christian Network. 

</doc>
<doc id="5918556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918556" title="Joseph Rigano">
Joseph Rigano

Joseph Rigano (1933 – March 27, 2014) was an Italian-American character actor. 
He often played stereotypical mobsters in films such as "Casino", "Analyze This" and "". He is often recognized for his hoarse, wheezy voice. 
Rigano was a regular cast member on Vincent Pastore's "The Wiseguy Show" on Sirius Satellite Radio's Raw Dog 104. He was sometimes credited as Joe Rigano.

</doc>
<doc id="5918558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918558" title="Yama Alou">
Yama Alou

Yama Alou () is the eleventh studio album by Lebanese recording artist Nawal Al Zoghbi, released worldwide in July 26, 2006. The album is Nawal's second and final album with Alam Al Phan, after many conflicts with the label. 
Track listing.
The title track of the album, Yama Alou (English: They Have Always Said) had a music video that was shot in Beirut, Lebanon in mid June 2006. It was the 3rd song from the album to be made into a music video, and began to air on Mazzika TV prior to the release of the album. The video clip was directed by Randa Alam. In the music video, Nawal spreads a music video through means of a virus. She is a hacker and gets into trouble with the Lebanese Security Forces. The virus spreads into the control panels of electronic screen boards/ billboards in the streets of Beirut. The virus is also sent from her phone to the mobile phone networks across the country. The viewers of the song like the video so much to the extent that they all gather to defend her from the police who arrest her for her crime.

</doc>
<doc id="5918566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918566" title="Benjamin Vanninen">
Benjamin Vanninen

Benjamin Vanninen (29 June 1921, Rautalahti – 22 July 1975, Heinola) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1940s. He won bronze on the 50 km at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.

</doc>
<doc id="5918568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918568" title="Flatkvål">
Flatkvål

Flatkvål is a village in the Eksingedalen valley in Vaksdal municipality, Hordaland county, Norway. The village lies along the river Storelvi, about northeast of the village of Stamneshella. The Modalen Tunnel is located about west of Flatkvål. The village of Nesheim lies about to the east. Flatkvål is the site of Eksingedal Church.
History.
Flatkvål was administratively a part of Voss municipality starting in 1838. On 1 January 1885 the northeastern half of the Eksingedalen valley was separated from Voss to form the new municipality of Evanger (this included Flatkvål). On 1 January 1964, all of the Bergsdalen and Eksingedalen valleys with 251 inhabitants combined were merged with most of Bruvik municipality and a part of Modalen municipality to create the new municipality Vaksdal. Flatkvål has been part of Vaksdal since that time.

</doc>
<doc id="5918578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918578" title="Sarin (disambiguation)">
Sarin (disambiguation)

Sarin is a nerve agent.
Sarin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5918580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918580" title="Irish National Federation">
Irish National Federation

The Irish National Federation (INF) was a nationalist political party in Ireland. It was founded in March 1891 by former members of the Irish National League (INL) who had left the Irish Parliamentary Party (IPP) in protest when Charles Stewart Parnell refused to resign the party leadership as a result of his involvement in the divorce proceedings of Katharine O'Shea, the separated wife of a fellow MP. with whom he had had a long standing family relationship.
The group, which had a larger membership than the rump of the former Irish Party or National League (INL) who stood by Parnell under the leadership of John Redmond, became known as the Anti-Parnellite faction and was led in the first year by Justin McCarthy then by John Dillon. The INF was supported by the Catholic clergy who strongly influenced the elections of 1892 and 1895 and various by-elections of the period. The Irish Times reported 23 February 1893 that ‘the priests...swarmed at all the polling stations, and kept the voters constantly in view’.
Membership declined during the decade, particularly after the United Irish League (UIL) was founded in 1898 by William O'Brien which sought party reunification. As a result, in 1900, the Federation joined the UIL merging with the INL under the joint the leadership of John Redmond to form the new reunified Irish Parliamentary Party.

</doc>
<doc id="5918583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918583" title="Democratic Republican Alliance">
Democratic Republican Alliance

The Democratic Republican Alliance ("Alliance démocratique", AD, or "Alliance républicaine démocratique", ARD) was a French political party (1901–1978) created in 1901 by followers of Léon Gambetta, such as Raymond Poincaré who would be president of the Council in the 1920s. The party was at first conceived by members of the Radical-Socialist Party tied to the business world who united themselves in May 1901, along with many moderates, as gathering center-left liberals and Republicans "opportunists" (Gambetta, etc.). However, after World War I and the parliamentary disappearance of monarchists and Bonapartists, it quickly became the main center-right party of the Third Republic. It was part of the National Bloc right-wing coalition which won the elections after the end of the war. The ARD successively took the name "Parti Républicain Démocratique" (Democratic Republican Party, PRD) then "Parti Républicain Démocratique et Social" ("Social and Republican Democratic Party"), before becoming again the AD.
Tajor leader Pierre-Étienne Flandin and other members such as Joseph Barthélémy. The center-right party tried to reform itself under the direction of Joseph Laniel, who had taken part in the Resistance. It temporarily joined the RGR ("Rassemblement des gauches républicaines"), before merging into the "Centre national des indépendants et paysans" (CNIP, National Center of Independents and Peasants). The AD, which in contrast to the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) or the French Communist Party (PCF) never became a mass political party founded on voting discipline (in these left-wing parties, deputies usually vote in agreement with the party's consensus), turned at that time in little more than an intellectual circle, whose members met during suppers. However, it was dissolved in only 1978, long after its effective disappearance from the political scene.
Under the Third Republic, the majority of the AD's deputies sat in the "Left Republicans" ("Républicain de Gauche") group, the main center-right parliamentary formation (due to a particularity called "sinistrisme", French right-wing politicians have for a very long time refused to admit belonging to the right-wing, as the Republic was traditionally associated with the left-wing and the right-wing with monarchists such as the Legitimists or the Orleanists).
The party.
Origins.
Its creation reflects the will to oppose the polarization due to the progressive division during the Dreyfus Affair and impose a three-party system leading to the "Republic of the just-middle" theorized by François Guizot.
The ARD was created by the progressives who supported Captain Alfred Dreyfus and opposed those who followed Jules Méline in opposition to the President of the Council Pierre Waldeck-Rousseau. At the instigation of the latter, the Democratic Republican Alliance was founded on October 23, 1901 by engineer Adolphe Carnot (brother of former French President Sadi Carnot), the deputies Henry Blanc, Edmond Halphen and publicist Charles Pallu de la Barrière. The Alliance built strong support networks, with the "Ligue des droits de l'homme" (including Paul Stapfer), the League of Education and former political networks around Jules Ferry, Léon Gambetta and Léon Say.
Its initial recruitment is that of the Parisian elite (including scientists) and the provincial notables. Even if the party's principal leaders were often related to business, the majority of its elected officials opposed the wishes of businessmen, in particular on social policies.
Doctrine.
The Democratic Alliance was a center-right party which occupied, between 1901 and 1940, a central position on the political spectrum and this despite the iron rule of French politics developed by René Rémond which said that each party would evolve further to the left or right due to the development of new political movements. Thus, even if the leaders of the Alliance saw the party as the incarnation of the center-left in the wake of the parliamentary group formed by Léon Say (1871–1896), the party shifted to the right in Parliament due to two factors: the downfall of the monarchist and Bonapartist right and the rise of the new left (socialism and later communism) as well as new centrist parties (League of the Young Republic and Popular Democratic Party).
By its values and behaviors, the AD opposed the socialist left but also the right (Popular Liberal Action and later the Republican Federation). Like the Radical-Socialist Party the Alliance adhered to the Republic and what constituted the Republic, that is the law of separation of church and state in 1905 or the quest of truth in the Dreyfus affair. But unlike the Rad-Soc doctrine, it aspired to unite all Republicans, and to impose the right and left a 'third way', that of the combination of centers around the phrase "no reaction nor revolution."
Its political culture was resolutely centrist, incorporating values of both left (the reference to 1789, the defense of freedom, and a reformist agenda) and right (law and order, the defense of liberalism, opposition to statism and collectivism). The theme of gradual reform was seen by the Alliance as the antidote to the opponents - according to the party - of the Republic, that is the collectivists (the SFIO, and in 1920 the Section Française de l'Internationale Communiste)
History.
1901-1920.
In 1901, it supported the Bloc des gauches around Waldeck-Rousseau, even if it tried to stand out by 1902. However it supported the policy of the bloc until 1907, when the presidency was entrusted to Émile Combes (1902–1905) who imposed, for the first time, the left-right divide. The Alliance demonstrated its difference from the right (the Republican Federation and the ALP) by supporting the 1905 law. Above all, the ARD encouraged political circles including Alliancists and Radicals.
Faced with the disintegration of the bloc and the emergence of socialism, the Alliance sought to establish in 1907 a "democratic bloc" with the right which demonstrated its willingness to reinstate the discredited right to power in France. Between 1912 and 1914, the ARD supported the right-wing governments which included Raymond Poincaré, Aristide Briand and Louis Barthou. During the same period, the Alliance operated a shift to the right on the political spectrum and ended the policy of mutual withdrawals with the Rad-Socs in electoral runoffs.
Meanwhile, the Alliance was transformed into a real party in 1911 by becoming the Republican Democratic Party (PRD), this strengthening of its structures was accompanied by an increase in its number of parliamentarians (from 39 MPs in 1902 to 125 1910; fifty senators in 1910) and that of its supporters (around 30,000 at the beginning of the 1910s). Several leaders of the ARD in 1914 tried to form, with Aristide Briand and the moderate left a Federation of the Lefts.
Undoubtedly, the Alliance weighed heavily on national policy as shown by the presence of its members in high cabinet positions (Émile Loubet, Armand Fallières, Raymond Poincaré as President of the Republic, Louis Barthou and Raymond Poincaré as President of Council, as well as many ministries).
1920s.
At the end of the war, the Alliance promoted new goals developed during its creation, that of creating a concentration of the centers. With its 140 MPs, it organized and led in this direction the National Bloc (1919–1924). The experience was not successful, because the Alliance became a prisoner of the right which constituted the bulk of the parliamentary majority. Thus, the failure of Aristide Briand cabinet (1921–1922) convinced its leaders to find practical ways to realize the doctrine of the just-middle, despite the fact that one of its members, Raymond Poincaré, occupied the post of President of the Council between 1922 to 1924.
The Alliance focused its political doctrine in line with that which prevailed when it was created, even though the generation of pre-war faded (Adolphe Carnot, Charles Pallu de la Barrière and so forth) and that a new generation took over, such as Charles Jonnart its new president in 1920. Known as the PRDS, the Alliance professed its willingness to co-operate with the Radical-Socialist Party.
The party became the backbone of government including the Radical-Socialist Party following the fall of the Cartel des Gauches. Nevertheless, the Alliance could not get the Radicals to rally around a centrist party, the opposition crystallizing around the issue of secularism, the intervention of the state or in terms of foreign policy (contrast between Aristide Briand and Raymond Poincaré).
1930s.
Pierre-Étienne Flandin took the chair of the Alliance in 1933 with the aim to reorganize the party in a way which Louis Marin had done ten years earlier, with the Republican Federation. Until then a grouping more than a party, the Alliance became a party which established a hierarchy and became more centralized. The party is expanded its regional structures and increased the number of member to about 20,000 in 1936.
Flandin's leadership marked the end of the Alliance's overtures to the Radicals. However, the Alliance was torn on the doctrinal front. Common ground on the base of the defense of institutions, the middle class and the rejection of the extremes disintegrated due to divergent views adopted by the personalities of the Alliance: those of Pierre-Étienne Flandin around the group of Republicans of the Left, those of René Besse around the Independents of the Left, those of Paul Reynaud, and André Tardieu around the Republican Centre. These divergences were apparent during the Léon Blum government where Alliance members ranged from moderate support of the laws of the left-wing Popular Front, the division of the party was sensitive by 1938 between a pacifist majority (Flandin) supporting the Munich Agreement and the hawkish minority (Reynaud) opposing the Agreement. More profoundly, this division also reflected the significant oppositions within the party concerning the reform of the state and institutions between 1933 and 1934.
Since then, the Alliance struggled to maintain a centrist position in a republic no longer managed by the centre. It became, on the contrary, a party which showed the different opinions chosen by the men from the Republican and parliamentary rights to address the social and political crises of the thirties.
Election results.
Seats.
The Democratic Alliance never formed a homogeneous parliamentary group, instead splitting into various groups. The following data gives the combined seat numbers for all groups in which Alliance members sat in. It is possible that some of these members were not actually members of the Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="5918584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918584" title="John Alexander Hammerton">
John Alexander Hammerton

Sir John Alexander Hammerton (born 27 February 1871 in Alexandria, Scotland; died 12 May 1949 in London) is described by the "Dictionary of National Biography" as "the most successful creator of large-scale works of reference that Britain has known".
Collaboration with Arthur Mee.
His first posts in journalism included a period in Nottingham where he first met Arthur Mee, who was to become his lifelong friend. Then, in 1905, he joined Alfred Harmsworth's Amalgamated Press. There he again collaborated with Mee in producing the "Harmsworth Self-Educator".
Work on Encyclopedias.
He contributed to the first edition of Mee's "Children's Encyclopædia", which appeared in a fortnightly series from 1908 till 1910 before being published in eight large volumes. His contribution consisted of compiling articles on 'Famous Books' and 'Poetry'.
His greatest achievement was "Harmsworth's Universal Encyclopædia", which – like the "Children's Encyclopædia" – was published first as a fortnightly series in 1920–22 and sold twelve million copies throughout the English-speaking world.
Works about the First World War.
From 1914 to 1919, Hammerton was joint editor with Herbert Wrigley Wilson of the periodical "The Great War:The Standard History of the All-Europe Conflict", published by the Amalgamated Press. The first volume was largely concerned with justifying Britain's entry into the war, and with encouraging the British people to sign up and fight. In its entirety, it ran to 13 volumes.
In 1933, his "A Popular History of the Great War" (in 6 volumes) was published. In his introduction to volume 1, he concedes 'Although it remains a storehouse of information for future students of the period, "The Great War", as that set of thirteen massive volumes was called, would now require to be largely re-written in light of later knowledge' - and so the "Popular History" was written "embodying the gist of post-war revelations and official documents". Each of the volumes covers a specific period
The complete work comprises 3,840 pages of text, along with over 100 maps and diagrams and some 800 photographic illustrations.
Other works.
Subsequently he edited numerous literary works. Among the publications in his own name, one can mention a biography of J. M. Barrie and studies of Charles Dickens and Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote an autobiography, "Books and Myself" (1944).
After the death of Arthur Mee in 1943, he wrote in 1946 a biography of the latter entitled "Child of Wonder".

</doc>
<doc id="5918587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918587" title="British Rail Class 99">
British Rail Class 99

The British Rail Class 99 was a fleet of 14 ferries or train ferries, most of which were owned by Sealink, that carried rail vehicles between Britain and mainland Europe. When British Rail implemented the TOPS system for managing their operating stock, these ships were incorporated into the system in order to circumvent some of the restrictions of the application software. This allowed them to be counted as locomotives while carrying railway vehicles in the same way as a normal locomotive would haul a train.
Details.
There were 14 Class 99s, used for carrying road and rail vehicles from Britain to the continent (road only vehicles did not receive TOPS numbers). They were of various ages and origins, but all carried the BR double arrow logo on their red funnels. This was generally set up so that the upper arrow pointed towards the bow, and so was reversed on the port side of the ship. The hull was painted blue, with "Sealink" written in large grey letters between the waterline and the deck. A grey stripe was painted on some around parts of the top of the hull, with the main body of the ship being grey or white. Unlike other non-steam locomotives with TOPS numbers, no yellow warning panels were provided. Names were painted on the bow and stern but the TOPS numbers were not visibly carried. The table shows what are believed to be the numbers allocated:
There were also a number of other Sealink vessels which did not carry rail vehicles and so did not receive TOPS numbers.
While in traffic several vessels were involved in various incidents. "Vortigern" grounded on the approach to Oostende in 1982. "Sealink Vanguard" collided with "European Gateway" on the approach to Harwich, also in 1982, causing serious damage to the latter vessel, which nearly sank altogether. This was the most serious accident that a Class 99 was involved in while working for Sealink, resulting in six fatalities.
Disposal.
The mixed origins of the fleet meant that disposal was carried out in a patchy manner, and at no point were all 14 Class 99s in service. Instead, ships were cut up at any time after the 30-year-old mark, and so Sealink disposed of 6 prior to privatisation in 1984. No.99 009 "Shepperton Ferry" was withdrawn and broken up in Spain in 1972 while No.99 010 "Invicta" was dismantled in the Netherlands in the same year. No.99 006 "Twickenham Ferry", the oldest member of the fleet, was withdrawn for scrap in 1974. No.99 001 "Suffolk Ferry", No.99 002 "Norfolk Ferry" and No.99 003 "Essex Ferry" were all withdrawn around 1980 and broken up shortly afterwards.
The remaining eight members of the fleet (99 004/5/7/8/11-14) left British Rail ownership when Sealink was sold in 1984, after which they were invariably renamed (sometimes several times, making them harder to trace). The vessels were scattered across the world, with new homes including Cuba, Greece, Canada and Malta. Subsequently four of the ferries (now all over 30 years old) have been broken up but four werestill be in service as of 2011. No.99 008 "Anderida" has, since 1988, been owned by Cooperative de Transport Maritime et Aerien in Canada and is the oldest survivor, dating back to 1971. She now carries the name "C.T.M.A. Voyageur" and retains several historic features. No.99 013 "St. Eloi" is now owned by Moby Lines, and is brightly painted as "Moby Love". No.99 012 "Chartres" was recently chartered by Atlanticoline, but now appears to be back at Gibraltar. No.99 005 "Speedlink Vanguard", the lowest-numbered (and possibly most-travelled) survivor, has spent time in Cuba and Panama, but in 2011 was registered in Gdansk as the "Birdik I".
Meanwhile, No.99 011 "St. Germain" was dismantled in India in 1988. No.99 014 "Transcontainer I" was broken up early in 2001, also in India, while No.99 004 "Cambridge Ferry" met its end in Turkey in 2003 after working off Malta as "Ita Uno" and "Sirio". No.99 007 "Vortigern" moved to Greece for ferry services around the islands, for which she was renamed "Express Milos". She finished her days as the "Nisos Limnos"; Greek regulations on the age of passenger ferries prompted her to be sold for scrap in India in 2004.
99 005 "Speedlink Vanguard" was scrapped in 2013. As time goes by the surviving Class 99s (99008/12/13) will probably also be broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="5918589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918589" title="F/A-18 Interceptor">
F/A-18 Interceptor

F/A-18 Interceptor is a combat flight simulator developed by Intellisoft and published by Electronic Arts for the Amiga in 1988. The player mainly flies the F/A-18 Hornet, but the F-16 Fighting Falcon is also available for aerobatics, free flight and the first mission.
Gameplay.
The game is set in the San Francisco Bay Area. Notable landmarks include the Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and Alcatraz Island. The Electronic Arts headquarters in San Mateo are also depicted. The player can also take off and land from the following airfields: San Francisco International Airport, Oakland International Airport, Moffett Federal Airfield, and USS "Enterprise", anchored approximately 20 miles offshore. Finally, when selecting a location to start a free flight, pressing the key starts the player on uninhabited ground far away from the main game area. This is in fact supposed to be Edwards Air Force Base, a location that was not actually implemented in the final game.
Only air-to-air weapons are available, and are limited to AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles, AIM-120 AMRAAM missiles, and the M61 Vulcan Gatling gun (500 rounds). Chaff and flares are available for defense against enemy missiles.
There are six missions, enemies being referred as "terrorists". The first takes place on September 1, 1994. The player must complete a successful carrier landing in order to qualify for the missions:
This final mission has become the subject of debate among gamers. It was widely believed that it was impossible to sink the enemy carrier sub, and therefore complete the mission. The game's designer/programmer Robert "Bob" Dinnerman states that it "is" possible, but that the carrier does not actually blow up if it is deemed destroyed. It is generally accepted that the mission objectives are incorrect, and that it is only necessary to destroy the patrolling enemy aircraft to complete the mission.
Although the missions can each be completed, the game does not feature an ending sequence, or any other indication that it is completed. After completion of the Carrier Sub Mission, the user simply returns to the menu screen, and the Next Active Advanced mission simply loops back to the first mission.
If the user's Amiga had more than 512KB RAM installed, a theme song resembling the "Top Gun Anthem" could be heard. This was at the request of Dinnerman, who asked sound effects engineer Dave Warhol to convey the atmosphere of that particular song from the film "Top Gun". There were also bugs left in the game where one could land on water or upside down on a carrier.
Reception.
"Dragon" gave the game 4 out of 5 stars. The game was given a positive review in "Computer Gaming World". In 1996, "Computer Gaming World" ranked it as the 87th best game of all time, calling it a jet combat sim that "set the state-of-the-art for its era."

</doc>
<doc id="5918591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918591" title="Thomas de Lundin">
Thomas de Lundin

Thomas de Lundin, often referred to as Thomas l'Ussier or Thomas Durward (), was a 13th-century Scottish nobleman. 
Thomas takes his name from the villa of Lundie in Angus (not to be confused with Lundie in Fife), and was one of two known sons of Máel Coluim of Lundie (the other was Eóghan). His father had married a daughter of Gille Críst, Earl of Mar. It was for this reason that, after the death of Gille Críst, Thomas challenged the right of his successor Donnchad. The dispute resulted in a division of the Earldom. Although Donnchad kept the title and most of the territory, Thomas and his family received much of the lowland part of the earldom in compensation. 
Thomas was the hostarius of King Alexander II of Scotland until his own death. It was for this reason that his descendants took the surname "Hostarius" (or Durward). He married a daughter, whose name is not known, of Máel Coluim, Earl of Atholl, and by her he sired at least two sons, Alan and Cailean. Thomas appears for the last time in a document dated to 1228.
"Thomas , son of Malcolm of Lunden" who gave the church of Echt (and its revenues) to "God, St. Mary, St Michael and all Saints and to the Abbot and Convent of Scona" at some time between 1214 and 1227. Echt is not far from Birse. "Scona" is Scone, where the Kings of Scots were crowned at that time, so it was arguably the most prestigious abbey in Scotland, which would confirm that Thomas had influential connections. Walter of Lundin, was granted the barony of Benvie (near Dundee) by King David I (1124–53). 
Alan Durward, whose lands of Fichlie were forfeited by King Edward of England in 1306-7 because of his (Alan's) support for Robert the Bruce. Fichlie is in Aberdeenshire, but in Strathdon, near Kildrummy. Kildrummy was the seat of the Earls of Mar, and Thomas the Durward failed in his claim to the earldom. There is also a "motte" (the site of a mediaeval castle) at Fichlie. Alan Durward must have been at least an ally if not a follower. 
Thomas de Lundin, became Door-ward or Usher to King William the Lion, and was granted large estates in Aberdeenshire. His son Alan the Durward owned even larger estates, which were divided among his three daughters after his death in 1275. 
Thomas de Lundin was the son of Malcolm de Lundin and a daughter of Gilchrist, Earl of Mar. Whoever he was, he was already important enough to marry the daughter of one of only about a dozen earls existing at that time. Gilchrist is described as "mysterious", and after his death in 1203 his sons didn't succeed to the earldom of Mar but, after some time, a son of the earl previous to Gilchrist did. Thomas de Lundin subsequently claimed the earldom without success, but was allocated a large part of its territory. His son Alan, as well as the estates in Aberdeenshire, was granted Urquhart on the west side of Loch Ness and probably built the oldest surviving part of Castle Urquhart (today regarded as the best place to see the Loch Ness Monster!). And "Gilbert Durward, as yet another member of the Durward family, was granted the lands of Boleskin on the eastern shores of Loch Ness around the same time as Alan was granted Urquhart"

</doc>
<doc id="5918592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918592" title="Vinnes">
Vinnes

Vinnes is a village in Austevoll municipality, Norway. It is located in the district Vestre Vinnesvåg south on the island Huftarøy.

</doc>
<doc id="5918596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918596" title="Greg F. Gifune">
Greg F. Gifune

Greg F. Gifune (born November 12, 1963, Middlesex County, Massachusetts) is a critically acclaimed horror author, the recipient of multiple Bram Stoker Award and International Horror Guild Award nominations in addition to one for the British Fantasy Award.
Gifune has appeared in numerous magazines and anthologies, totalling over 100 published short stories, of which some have been reprinting in his collections.
He is also the Editor-in-Chief of "Thievin' Kitty Publications (Link) and the former Editor—from 1998 to 2004—of the fiction magazing The Edge: Tales of Suspense" (Link).
A full-time author and editor, Mr. Gifune resides in Marion, Massachusetts with his wife Carol and a bevy of felines.
Bibliography.
"Heretics" (collection)
"Drago Descending"
"Saying Uncle"
"Night Work"
"The Bleeding Season"
"Down To Sleep" (collection)
"Deep Night"
"A View From The Lake"
"Dominion"
"Blood in Electric Blue"
"Judas Goat"
"Children of Chaos"
"Kingdom of Shadows"
"Sorcerer"
"Long After Dark"
"Gardens of Night"
"Catching Hell"
"The Living and the Dead"
"Dreams the Ragman"
"Midnight Solitaire"
"Lords of Twilight"
"Apartment Seven"

</doc>
<doc id="5918601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918601" title="Darren Garner">
Darren Garner

Darren John Garner (born 10 December 1971 in Plymouth) is an English professional footballer. He currently plays for Launceston F.C..
Garner began his professional football career as a trainee with Plymouth Argyle, turning professional in March 1989. He moved to non-league Dorchester Town on a free transfer in August 1994 and in June 1995 moved to Rotherham United for a fee of £30,000.
In ten years at Rotherham, in which he played over 250 games, he helped the Millers to two promotions and an Auto Windscreen Shield, but fell out of favour with both his manager and the club's fans in February 2005 after being substituted in a game at home to Nottingham Forest. The hand gestures he gave while leaving the field were reported by the Fourth Official, leading to FA charges and a £500 fine.
The following month Garner moved to Torquay United on loan until the end of the season, failing to prevent Torquay's relegation. He joined Torquay on a free transfer on June 2005, playing in a side almost relegated for a second successive season.
In June 2006 he was given in 3-month contract extension, but in October 2006 was told by Torquay manager Ian Atkins that he would be released at the end of November. He left Torquay in early November having agreed a settlement for the end of his contract. He signed for Newport County on 7 November 2006. He first featured for County as a sub against Swansea City in the FA Cup 1st round proper. Almost scoring with his first touch Garner turned back the clocks with a fantastic display of football. Although he made a promising start for the exiles his lack of fitness began to show. He was released by Newport and joined Cornish non-league side Launceston after being released in March 2007.
However, Garner joined Truro City later the same month. He left Truro in the summer of 2007 to join Bodmin Town, but left Bodmin in September 2007 to re-join Launceston.
On 14 February 2009 Garner had his debut as Manager for Launceston, after the resignation of Paul Smith

</doc>
<doc id="5918608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918608" title="Rodrigo Vargas">
Rodrigo Vargas

Rodrigo Alejandro "Roddy" Vargas (born 20 October 1978) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a central defender for the Victorian Premier League club Green Gully Cavaliers, but is mostly known for his time at Melbourne Victory, where he holds the record for most appearances, and at Melbourne Knights, where he was club captain.
Club career.
Vargas started his career at the Victorian Premier League side, Springvale City, where he debuted at the age of 17. After three seasons with Port Melbourne, at the age of 21 he was recruited by the Melbourne Knights who were competing in the National Soccer League. He had a very successful tenure at the club, playing in over 100 games in five seasons as well as being awarded the captaincy.
When the National Soccer League came to an end in 2004, he moved to the Victorian Premier League side Green Gully, where he developed a reputation as a goal scoring defender from set pieces. Vargas was drafted into the Melbourne Victory squad in 2006 after a successful trial, and soon became a key member of the Victory back line.
Vargas is a strong defender who was known for his aggressiveness in the old NSL. He is also very consistent and durable, not missing a single game with injury in his time with the Melbourne Knights. He is the brother of the Green Gully player Andy Vargas.
He was involved in a controversy when he was allegedly called a “black monkey” by the Newcastle United Jets midfielder, Stuart Musialik.
Vargas was a key member of the Melbourne Victory team in their first appearance in the Asian Champions League in 2008 against Chunnan Dragons at the Telstra Dome. Vargas capped off a great performance with a brilliant goal, the club's second ever in Asia and only the second by Vargas for Melbourne Victory.
Vargas was also captain for Melbourne Victory in their pre-season Cup win over Wellington Phoenix on 6 August 2008. He has since been called upon to fill the role of captain in the absence of Kevin Muscat.
On 28 March 2012, it was announced that he had been released from Melbourne Victory after six seasons with the club, and two days later Green Gully Cavaliers announced that he would rejoin his brother Andy at their club. He played his first match for them the next day.
On 23 February 2013, Rodrigo Vargas was charged by the FFV with entering the field of play without permission and directing violent conduct towards an opposing Bentleigh Greens player during a pre-season practice match between Green Gully and Bentleigh. At a tribunal hearing on 13 March 2013 he pleaded guility and was banned from FFV football until 14 April 2013.
International career.
Vargas was named in the Australia national football team squad for the AFC World Cup qualifification matches against Qatar and Iraq and an international friendly against Ghana, but did not play his first international game until January 2009 against Indonesia in an Asian Cup qualification match.
Honours.
With Melbourne Victory:
Personal honours:

</doc>
<doc id="5918614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918614" title="Toyota World Sport">
Toyota World Sport

Toyota World Sport was an Australian television sport news program. Airing on SBS at 7pm local time, the long-running show was axed in December 2006.
The show aired at 7pm following SBS' 6.30 news (and repeated the following day at 4pm), and was hosted by Les Murray on weekdays, and Liz Deep-Jones on weekends.
Presenters.
Stephanie Brantz was originally a weekend presenter of the show, but joined Les Murray as a co-host during 2006, before she defected to the Nine Network in August of that year. Other hosts during this period included Mike Tomalaris and Simon Hill.
Robert Grasso, John Baldock and Emma Simkin were among the show's award winning team of journalists.
Demise.
Despite its successful ratings with the FIFA World Cup and the Tour de France in 2006, the show was axed in favour of an extended one-hour news program that incorporates sport news, because SBS management was worried about the drop in viewers after the 6.30pm news.

</doc>
<doc id="5918622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918622" title="Ohio State Route 531">
Ohio State Route 531

State Route 531 (SR 531) is an east–west state highway in the U.S. state of Ohio. The western terminus of State Route 531 is at the northern terminus of State Route 534 in Geneva-on-the-Lake, at a curve along Lake Road. The route's eastern terminus is at the northern terminus of State Route 7, at a signalized intersection in Conneaut. 
Following mostly along the Lake Erie shoreline, it is appropriately named Lake Road for most of its length. Due to its proximity to the shoreline, sections west of Ashtabula have had to be re-routed as a result of lake erosion. The route crosses the Ashtabula River in Ashtabula via a Strauss bascule bridge, the Ashtabula lift bridge.
Route description.
The entirety of State Route 531 is situated in the northern portion of Ashtabula County. No portion of State Route 531 is included witin the National Highway System.
History.
State Route 531 made its debut in 1937 along the routing that it currently utilizes between State Route 534 and State Route 7. It has not experienced any major changes since it was established. SR 531 is currently receiving slope erosion repairs, starting from Myers Road to Nineveh Road. The project started in May 2013, and is expected to finished in September 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5918623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918623" title="Taira no Sadayoshi">
Taira no Sadayoshi

Taira no Sadayoshi (平 貞義) was a governor of Higo and Chikugo provinces in Kyūshū, and a samurai commander for the Taira clan during the Genpei War of the 1180s. Following the war, his life was spared as a result of an intercession by Utsunomiya Tomotsuna. He thus spent his retirement as a Buddhist monk, going by the appellation Higo-Nyūdo. His father was Taira no Iesada.
When Kikuchi Takanao sided with Minamoto no Yoritomo and began levying troops in Kyūshū in 1180, at the beginning of the Genpei War, Sadayoshi marched against him and defeated him. Sadayoshi then traveled to Kyoto, and met up with Taira no Munemori along with the Emperor Antoku on the Saikaidō road from the capital. He tried in vain to convince Munemori to return to the city, but ultimately left him to take care of the remains of Taira no Shigemori, which were brought to the sacred Mount Koya.
Sadayoshi then reunited with Munemori and served under him for the remainder of the war. He was the only member of the Taira clan to be spared by the Minamoto after the war-ending battle of Dan-no-ura (though many other Taira samurai were not present at the battle or otherwise escaped death).

</doc>
<doc id="5918625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918625" title="M. Norton Wise">
M. Norton Wise

Matthew Norton Wise (born 2 April 1940 in Tacoma, Washington) is a professor in the history of science at UCLA. He is also the co-director of the UCLA Center for Society and Genetics. He has famously attacked in which they perceive the obstruction of science by the Academic Left. 
Education.
Wise obtained a B.Sc. in physics from Pacific Lutheran University in 1962 and went on to obtain two Ph.D.s: a Ph.D. in experimental nuclear physics from Washington State University in 1968, and a Ph.D. in the history of science from Princeton University in 1977.
Career.
Wise was a physics professor at Auburn University and Oregon State before becoming a history professor at UCLA and then, from 1991-2000, Princeton, before returning to UCLA, where he remains. 
In the fourth term of the academical year 2004/5 he taught at Utrecht University and he spent much of his time at the Max Planck Institute in Berlin.
He is the recipient of the Berthold Leibinger Berlin Prize and Fellow at the American Academy in Berlin for Spring 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="5918626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918626" title="Arbuthnott Commission">
Arbuthnott Commission

The Arbuthnott Commission on Boundary Differences and Voting Systems was set up in July 2004 by Alistair Darling, then Secretary of State for Scotland, under the chairmanship of Sir John Arbuthnott, to examine various consequences of having four different systems of voting in Scotland, and different boundaries for constituencies of the House of Commons (Parliament of the United Kingdom, at Westminster) and the Scottish Parliament (Holyrood).
In 2004, Scotland had three different voting systems: plurality (first past the post) for Westminster and local government elections, and two different systems of proportional representation (PR) for European Parliament and Scottish Parliament elections. The number of systems was due to rise to four in 2007, with the introduction of a third PR system for local government elections.
Also, until 2004, legislation required Scottish Parliament constituencies to have generally the same boundaries as Scottish Westminster constituencies. This link was broken by the Scottish Parliament (Constituencies) Act 2004, and a new set of Westminster constituencies was created in 2005. Scottish Parliament constituencies remain as they were when created in 1999.
The commission published its final report in January 2006, making various recommendations. Full implementation of the commission's recommendations would be beyond the competence of the Scottish Parliament, and would require Westminster legislation.
Consultation.
All the main political parties in Scotland participated in a consultation process. So did 22 local government councils, and various other bodies and individuals.
Recommendations.
The commission's main recommendations for change may be summarised as follows:
External links.
Archive version of the commission's website

</doc>
<doc id="5918633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918633" title="List of Permanent Representatives of New Zealand to the United Nations in Geneva">
List of Permanent Representatives of New Zealand to the United Nations in Geneva

The Permanent Representative of New Zealand to the United Nations in Geneva is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative at the offices of the United Nations in Geneva, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission to the United Nations in Geneva.
The Permanent Delegation is located at New Zealand's consulate-general in Geneva. New Zealand has maintained a resident Permanent Representative to the UN in Geneva since 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="5918635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918635" title="Førde, Hordaland">
Førde, Hordaland

Førde (or Førde i Hordaland) is a village in Sveio municipality, Norway, formerly belonging to Vikebygd. Its population is 390.

</doc>
<doc id="5918641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918641" title="An All Star Lineup Performing the Songs of Pink Floyd">
An All Star Lineup Performing the Songs of Pink Floyd

An All Star Lineup Performing the Songs of Pink Floyd is a compilation album released in 2002. It contains members and artists from many bands including Mr. Big, KISS, Dweezil Zappa, Toto, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="5918642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918642" title="Stanislav Chistov">
Stanislav Chistov

Stanislav Mikhailovich Chistov (; born April 17, 1983) is a Russian professional ice hockey player currently playing for Traktor Chelyabinsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
Playing career.
Prior to playing professionally, Chistov played for the Georgetown Raiders Junior A hockey club in Georgetown, Ontario.
Chistov began his career in the Avangard Omsk organization, playing for their Russian Hockey Super League team in Omsk from 1999–2002. In the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, Chistov was drafted fifth overall by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim (now known as the Anaheim Ducks). While military obligations complicated Chistov's transfer to North America, he and fellow draftee Alexander Frolov managed to defect from Russia in 2002.
In his rookie season in the NHL (2002–03), Chistov managed 30 points in 79 regular season games. The next year, Chistov struggled, and he was sent down to Anaheim's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate at the time, the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks. He remained there for the NHL's lockout season of 2004–05, until he decided he did not want to play in the minor pros, and he and the club parted ways.
Chistov returned to Russia for the 2005–06 season, where he enjoyed a solid campaign playing on Evgeni Malkin's line for the Super League's Metallurg Magnitogorsk. In the summer of 2006, Chistov signed a two-year, one-way contract with the Anaheim Ducks. On November 13, 2006, Chistov was traded to the Boston Bruins for a third round draft pick in the 2008 NHL entry draft. In the summer of 2007, Chistov decided to sign with Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Russian Super League. As of February 2008, Chistov has parted ways with Salavat Yulaev Ufa but has not been taken back by the Boston Bruins. According to GM Peter Chiarelli, there is no room for Chistov at this time. However, Chistov was reportedly skating with the Bruins' minor league affiliate, the Providence Bruins.
On August 23, 2008, he moved from Avangard Omsk to Metallurg Magnitogorsk.

</doc>
<doc id="5918646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918646" title="Etnesjøen">
Etnesjøen

Etnesjøen (or Etne) is the administrative centre of Etne municipality, Norway. Its population is 985.

</doc>
<doc id="5918647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918647" title="Supernumerary kidney">
Supernumerary kidney

A supernumerary kidney is an additional kidney to the number usually present in an organism. This often develops as the result of splitting of the nephrogenic blastema, or from separate metanephric blastemas into which partially or completely reduplicated ureteral stalks enter to form separate capsulated kidneys; in some cases the separation of the reduplicated organ is incomplete (fused supernumerary kidney).

</doc>
<doc id="5918659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918659" title="Craig Russell (footballer)">
Craig Russell (footballer)

Craig Russell (born 4 February 1974) is an English former footballer. He played 305 league games in a 13-year career in English and Scottish football.
He began his career at Sunderland, firing the "Black Cats" into the Premier League in 1995–96 as champions of the First Division. He was sold to Manchester City in November 1997. Rarely featuring at Maine Road, he was loaned out to Tranmere Rovers, Port Vale, Oxford United, and St. Johnstone, before signing with St. Johnstone permanently in July 2000. He spent two full seasons in the Scottish Premier League, before signing with Carlisle United in January 2003. An unused substitute in the 2003 Football League Trophy Final, he moved on to Darlington in January 2004, before leaving the Football League in May 2005.
Playing career.
Russell started his career at Sunderland in the 1992, quickly breaking into the first team for a club that avoided relegation out of the First Division by one place and one point in 1992–93 under Malcolm Crosby and then Terry Butcher. They rose to 12th in 1993–94 under the stewardship of Mick Buxton, before new boss Peter Reid steered the Roker Park club out of the relegation zone by the end of the 1994–95 campaign. Russell finished as the club's top scorer in 1995–96 with 13 goals, helping the "Black Cats" to the First Division title. Despite scoring just four goals in 1996–97 he still managed to finish as the club's joint-top scorer, along with Paul Stewart, as Sunderland were relegated out of the Premier League, finishing one place and one point behind 17th place Coventry City despite scoring a total of just 35 goals. Sunderland changed their attack force, signing Kevin Phillips and Niall Quinn, whilst Russell was sold to Manchester City in exchange for Nicky Summerbee (valued as a £1 million player) in November 1997. In total he scored 34 goals in 175 appearances for Sunderland.
He scored one goal for City in 1997–98 and one league goal (as well as two FA Cup goals) in 1998–99. He was signed by Frank Clark, but found himself increasingly sidelined after Joe Royle took charge in February 1998. He was loaned out to Tranmere Rovers in August 1998, making four goalless First Division appearances under John Aldridge. He joined fellow First Division side Port Vale on loan in February 1999, and scored once in eight games for Brian Horton's "Valiants". He did not feature at all for Manchester City in 1999–2000, and started the campaign on loan at Darlington in September and October, scoring twice in twelve Third Division games. After an unsuccessful trial with Norwich City, he started a six-week loan spell at Oxford United in February 2000, in a move that reunited him with former Sunderland manager Denis Smith. He made six goalless appearances for the struggling Second Division side.
He moved north to Scotland to join Sandy Clark's SPL side St. Johnstone on loan in April 2000, and scored on his debut in a 2–1 defeat at Motherwell. This was enough to win him a permanent contract at McDiarmid Park in July 2000, following his release from Maine Road. He scored twice in 16 games in 2000–01, and scored once in 14 games in 2001–02, as the club suffered relegation under Billy Stark. After eleven goalless appearances in 2002–03, he made the decision to leave the First Division side in October 2002, saying that his family did not take to life in the country. In January 2003 he moved on to Carlisle United, and scored his first goal for the club in a league game against Torquay United. He was an unused substitute in the 2003 Football League Trophy Final at the Millennium Stadium, which ended in a 2–0 defeat to Bristol City. Roddy Collins' "Cumbrians" avoided relegation into the Conference National by one point and one place in 2002–03. The following season he scored his second goal for the club, against Walsall in the League Cup. He left Brunton Park to join fellow Third Division strugglers Darlington in January 2004, in a move that reunited him with David Hodgson, who had also been manager at Darlington during his loan spell. He featured 30 times in 2004–05, as the "Quakers" missed out on the play-offs on goal difference. He left The Darlington Arena in May 2005, and then signed for Newcastle Blue Star, and later South Shields, both of the Northern League.
Post-retirement.
After retiring, Russell joined rugby union club Newcastle Falcons as a masseur, later moving on to Newcastle United and then former club Sunderland.

</doc>
<doc id="5918661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918661" title="Otto Harrassowitz">
Otto Harrassowitz

Otto Wilhelm Harrassowitz (December 18, 1845, La Guayra, Venezuela - June 24, 1920, Gaschwitz near Leipzig) was a German book seller, publisher.
His business, Otto Harrassowitz GmbH & Co. KG, became an important book vendor for academic and research libraries beginning in the 19th century, and survives in that role today. A subsidiary, Harrassowitz Verlag (Harrassowitz Publishing House), is an academic publishing company.

</doc>
<doc id="5918667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918667" title="WIDP">
WIDP

WIDP is a Spanish-language religious television station in Guayama, Puerto Rico, broadcasting locally on channel 46.1 as an affiliate of TBN Enlace. Founded January 25, 1990, the station is owned by Ebenezer Broadcasting Group. The station also has an analog on-channel booster, WIDP1 in Las Palmas, Puerto Rico.
On September 2009, WIDP debuted a subchannel named EBN Music, which airs religious music videos 24/7.

</doc>
<doc id="5918668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918668" title="Soul Train Music Award for Quincy Jones Award for Career Achievement">
Soul Train Music Award for Quincy Jones Award for Career Achievement

The Soul Train Music Award winners for Quincy Jones Award for Career Achievement see also, Soul Train Music Award for Heritage Award - Career Achievement

</doc>
<doc id="5918673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918673" title="Dale, Hordaland">
Dale, Hordaland

Dale or Dalekvam is the administrative centre of Vaksdal municipality, in Hordaland county, Norway. The village lies at the western end of the Bergsdalen valley, about northeast of the village of Stanghelle on the shore of the Veafjorden. The village lies along the European route E16, the Bergensbanen railway line (and Dale Station), and the river Daleelva. The urban area of Dale has a population (2012) of 1,174, giving the village area a population density of . The small Dalegarden village at the southern end of Dale is included in the "urban area" of Dale. 
Dale Church is located in the village. The village is also the site of the international Dale of Norway company which manufactures wool sweaters and outdoor jackets. There is also a textile mill and other small industries.

</doc>
<doc id="5918674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918674" title="SAFC (disambiguation)">
SAFC (disambiguation)

The abbreviation SAFC or S.A.F.C. may refer to:
Other uses in sport:
In business:
In media:

</doc>
<doc id="5918689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918689" title="Little Wills Creek">
Little Wills Creek

Little Wills Creek is a tributary of Wills Creek in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Little Wills Creek flows down a valley between the Allegheny Front and Wills Mountain, drawing most of its water from the Allegheny Plateau, and enters Wills Creek just below Hyndman.

</doc>
<doc id="5918690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918690" title="Fyodor Terentyev">
Fyodor Terentyev

Fyodor Mikhaylovich Terentyev (; October 4, 1925 in the village of Padany, Medvezhyegorsky District, Karelian ASSR – January 20, 1963) was a former Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the 1950s, training at the Armed Forces sports society in Moscow. He earned two medals at the 1956 Winter Olympics with a bronze in the 50 km and a gold in the 4x10 km relay.
Terentyev also earned silver medals in the 4x10 km relay at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in 1954 and 1958.
He was awarded Order of the Badge of Honor in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="5918704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918704" title="Frekhaug">
Frekhaug

Frekhaug is the administrative centre of Meland municipality, located in Hordaland county, Norway. The village sits at the southern tip of the island of Holsnøy. The urban area of Frekhaug (which also encompasses the suburb of Vikane) has a population (2012) of 1,649, giving the village a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="5918710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918710" title="National Institute for Interdisciplinary Science and Technology">
National Institute for Interdisciplinary Science and Technology

The National Institute for Interdisciplinary Science and Technology (NIIST, formerly "Regional Research Laboratory, Trivandrum") is a constituent laboratory of CSIR, India, engaged in research and development activities in the field of agroprocessing, chemical sciences, materials and minerals, biotechnology and process engineering and environmental science and technology. Around 100 scientists and 200 research fellows are working in various scientific disciplines in this institute. The programmes have a blend of basic research and technology development and commercialization; have specific thrusts on frontier areas of research, National Mission Projects, regional resource-based activities and R & D - Industry - Academia linkages. The laboratory has excellent collaborative programmes with major National & International agencies too.
Research divisions.
The major research divisions in NIIST are,<br>
1. Agroprocessing Division
2. Biotechnology Division
3. Chemical Sciences Division
4. Materials Science and Technology Division (MSTD)
5. Process Engineering and Environmental Technology Division
The services provided by this institute to the general public, students, industrialists, entrepreneurs may be revealed through internet so that the above categories can make use of it.
Agroprocessing Division.
This is the division in charge of undertaking research in developing technologies for processing agroproducts. The major research includes quality improvement of palm Oil, Ginger oil extraction, nutraceutical studies etc. Presently headed by Dr Sundaresan A, his team includes, Sreekumar, Venugopal, Dr Nisha, Reshma, Padmakumari Amma, Jayamoorthy and Nirmala Menon.

</doc>
<doc id="5918713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918713" title="FLO International">
FLO International

Fairtrade International (FLO) is a non-profit, multi-stakeholder association involving 25 member and associate member organizations (labelling initiatives and producer networks), traders and external experts. The organization develops and reviews fair trade standards, assists producers in gaining and maintaining fair trade certification and capitalizing on market opportunities.
Fairtrade International is one of the two organizations which resulted from the January 2004 split of Fairtrade Labelling Organizations International into Fairtrade International, the standards-setting and producer support unit, and FLO-CERT, which inspects and certifies producer organizations and audits traders.
Membership.
The following Fairtrade labeling initiatives are Fairtrade International members:
These labeling initiatives were joined in 2007 by three Fairtrade producer networks:
Mission.
Fairtrade International’s mission is to enable the sustainable development and empowerment of disadvantaged producers & workers in developing countries through fair trade certification by:
FLO is the only organization in the world that specializes in fair trade standard-setting.
Governance.
Fairtrade International (FLO) is a membership-based, not-for-profit association under German law. Its legal name is Fairtrade Labelling Organizations International e.V. Its membership is open to Fairtrade labeling Initiatives and producer networks.
Both producer networks and labeling initiatives hold regular assemblies to allow their members to discuss relevant common issues. These assemblies are followed by an annual general assembly of all members, where issues such as membership and approval of annual accounts are discussed. Members of the FLO Board of Directors are also elected during general assemblies.
The FLO Board of Directors is composed of:
The FLO Board is primarily responsible for the strategic orientations of the organization, its financial and risk management, and relations with the organization's Chief Executive Officer.
The board also appoints members to the following committees:
Structure.
Fairtrade International is divided into three units:
Fairtrade standards.
Given the development focus of fair trade, related standards contain minimum requirements that all producer organisations must meet to become certified as well as progress requirements in which producers must demonstrate improvements over time. 
There are two types of fair trade standards for disadvantaged producers: standards for small farmers' organizations and for hired labor situations. 
For some products, such as coffee, only fair trade standards for small farmers' organizations are applicable. For others, such as tea, both small farmers' organizations and plantations can be certified.
Fair trade standards and procedures are approved by the FLO Standards Committee, an external committee comprising all FLO stakeholders (labeling initiatives, producers and traders) and external experts. Fair trade standards are set in accordance to the requirements of the ISEAL Code of Good Practice in standards setting and are in addition the result of an extensive consultation process, involving a variety of stakeholders: producers, traders, external experts, inspectors, certification staff etc.
Producer support.
The Producer Services and Relations Unit (PSR) supports producers in gaining and maintaining Fairtrade certification and capitalizing on market opportunities. Furthermore, PSR assists producer organizations on issues ranging from encouraging democratic development to finding markets for their products. These services are offered via regular visits to producer organizations and the work of approximately 40 Liaison Officers who cover 50 producer countries and offer support locally to fair trade producers.
International Fairtrade Certification Mark.
The FAIRTRADE Mark is an international independent consumer Mark which appears on products as a guarantee that producers and traders have met fair trade standards. The FAIRTRADE Mark is owned and protected by FLO, on behalf of its 25 member and associate member labeling initiatives and producer networks.
For a product to carry the FAIRTRADE Mark, it must come from FLO-CERT inspected and certified producer organizations. The crops must be grown and harvested in accordance with the International Fairtrade Standards set by Fairtrade International. The supply chain is also monitored by FLO-CERT to ensure the integrity of labelled products. Only authorized licensees can use the FAIRTRADE Mark on their products.
The FAIRTRADE Mark shows a cheering person - representing both the producers celebrating a fair deal through fair trade, and the consumers who know they are making a positive difference through the purchase of fair trade products.
References.
Please do not type footnotes here. Instead insert the footnote in its proper spot in the body of this article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="5918715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918715" title="FNL">
FNL

FNL is an abbreviation which can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5918716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918716" title="FLO-Cert">
FLO-Cert

FLO-CERT is the inspection and certification body for labelled Fairtrade. It is one of the two organizations which resulted from the January 2004 split of Fairtrade Labelling Organizations International.
FLO-CERT today inspects and certifies producer organizations in more than 70 countries in Europe, Africa, Asia and Latin America.
In order to guarantee the credibility of the Fairtrade Certification Mark, FLO-CERT operates an independent, transparent and worldwide consistent certification system that follows the requirements of ISO 65, the international quality norm for certification bodies.
Producer certification.
FLO-CERT ensures that producers and traders comply with the FLO International Fairtrade Standards, that traders pay the Fairtrade Premium to producers and that producers invest the benefits received through Fairtrade in their development.
FLO-CERT works with a network of 120 independent inspectors that yearly visit all organizations (producers and traders) and report back to FLO-CERT. The audit methodology is tailor-made for the evaluation of the Fairtrade Standards. The inspectors are locally based (in the country itself or neighbouring country) and familiar with the local culture, law and language. The time the inspector spends on the ground depends on the size of the producer organization, the complexity of the producer organization and the number of certified products they are seeking to sell. A full Fairtrade inspection can take from 4.5 days for a small producer organisation, up to six or seven weeks for the largest co-operative unions. No producer organization can become certified without an initial physical inspection. FLO-CERT operates a group certification model, which includes the inspection of the central organization and random checks of a representative sample of individual farmers. The size of the sample is normally based on a square root approach, which is standard practice in group certification.
Renewal of the certificate is based on an annual physical inspection. In exceptional circumstances, where they have demonstrated a very good compliance record over the previous years, producer organisations may qualify for a desk top review as part of a three year inspection cycle. This can lead to valuable cost savings for the certified producers.
The cost of the certification is based on the number of working days required for inspection of the producer group; it is not based on the volumes of products sold to the Fairtrade market.
Following an inspection, a report is sent to FLO-CERT for evaluation. The evaluator submits a recommendation to the Managers of FLO-CERT whether this producer should be certified. The final certification decisions are taken by the Director. A further quality control takes place every two months when the external Certification Committee reviews the decisions of FLO-CERT and provides additional guidance.
Trade certification.
FLO-CERT has also developed a trade auditing system to monitor traders compliance with the FLO International Fairtrade Standards and that traders pay the Fairtrade Premium to producers. The system was created to check that every Fairtrade labelled product sold to a consumer has indeed been produced by a certified producer organization which has been paid the Fairtrade price. A network of inspectors conduct trade certification, supported by staff at FLO-CERT headquarters in Bonn. Similarly to producer certification, trade certification decisions are taken by a different person from the one who evaluated the organisation and wrote the inspection report. An independent Certification Committee meets every two months to advise FLO-CERT on certification decisions and policies and to maintain an overview of decision making. It comprises a balance of key stakeholders such as certified operators, independent certification experts and consumer representation. The most complex cases are sent to this committee for evaluation.
Fairtrade licensees (companies that have license contracts to use a Fairtrade label) are also subjected to auditing, although this has until now been conducted by National Fairtrade labelling initiatives, with the exception of licensees in France, Spain and Germany which are audited by FLO-CERT.
ISO 65 Accreditation.
The international Fairtrade certification system received ISO accreditation in October 2007, a worldwide first for any social certification system. ISO 65 accreditation means:

</doc>
<doc id="5918717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918717" title="María Laura Leguizamón">
María Laura Leguizamón

María Laura Leguizamón is an Argentine Front for Victory politician, a senator for Buenos Aires and formerly a National Deputy.
Leguizamón was born in La Plata and graduated as a lawyer and notary from the University of La Plata. She worked as an official for the government of Buenos Aires Province.
In 1993 Leguizamón was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies, serving until 1997. In 2000 she became a legislator in the city of Buenos Aires and in 2003 she became the youngest senator. She was appointed to replace the deceased Socialist senator Alfredo Bravo amid some controversy, since normally the former senator's party is allowed to nominate a replacement, but Bravo's electoral coalition had subsequently collapsed.
Leguizamón sat in the Front for Victory block of President Néstor Kirchner and her term ended in 2007. She had been expected to stand again for the Senate, but was instead placed tenth on the Front for Victory's list for Deputies in the Province of Buenos Aires. She returned to the Chamber of Deputies in December 2007.
Leguizamón's brother, Aníbal Leguizamón, also became a Deputy in 2007, opposed to the Kirchner bloc.

</doc>
<doc id="5918718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918718" title="Melvin Price Locks and Dam">
Melvin Price Locks and Dam

Melvin Price Locks and Dam is a dam and two locks at river mile 200.78 on the Upper Mississippi River, about north of Saint Louis, Missouri. The collocated National Great Rivers Museum, at 1 Lock and Dam Way, East Alton, Illinois, explains the structure and its engineering.
Construction began in 1979, the main lock opened in 1990, and the full structure was completed in 1994. It replaced the earlier Lock and Dam No. 26, demolished in 1990, and is the first replacement structure on the Upper Mississippi River nine-foot navigation project. The main lock is long and wide; the auxiliary is long and wide. The main lock has a vertical lift gate and a miter gate while the aux. lock has two miter gates. The dam is long with 9 tainter gates, each wide by high.
It is named after Illinois Congressman Charles Melvin Price.

</doc>
<doc id="5918727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918727" title="Rossland, Norway">
Rossland, Norway

Rossland is a village in Meland municipality, in Hordaland county, Norway. The village sits on the northern part of the island of Holsnøy, about northeast of the coastal village of Io. The village lies along the shores of the "Rosslandspollen" bay, and it is the largest village area on the northern part of the island of Holsnøy.

</doc>
<doc id="5918740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918740" title="Germany–Netherlands football rivalry">
Germany–Netherlands football rivalry

The Germany–Netherlands football rivalry is one of the few longstanding football rivalries at a national level. Beginning in 1974 when the Dutch lost the 1974 FIFA World Cup to West Germany in the final (though deeply rooted in Dutch anti-German sentiment due to the German occupation of the Netherlands during World War II) the rivalry between the two nations has become one of the best known international football rivalries in the world. 
Both belong to the strongest football nations of the world, and have met a total of 40 times (of which only 8 matches were competitive) which resulted in 15 victories for Germany, 10 draws and 15 victories for the Netherlands.
History.
1974–88.
For the Dutch, the origins of the rivalry are primarily based on the anti-German sentiment resulting from World War II in which, during a five-year German occupation, a quarter of a million Dutch people died and the country itself was devastated. In particular, matches up until 1988 show a strong emotional connection between war experiences alongside the sportive element among the Dutch, but this inevitably lessened with the passage of time. 
When Germany and the Netherlands met in the final of the 1974 FIFA World Cup (which was also their first competitive match since 1945) the Dutch, despite being strong favorites, lost to the Germans which resulted in a national trauma which is poetically referred to as ""De moeder aller nederlagen"" ("The mother of all defeats") in Dutch. 
The loss of the 1974 final was a source of great bitterness among the Dutch and it would not be until 1988 (when the Dutch beat the Germans in their own country and went on to become the new European Champions) that the public pressure on the Dutch team to be successful relaxed somewhat. The two competitive matches which would take place before the latter were notoriously aggressive, and created a lot of pressure on both sides. The 1980 match would see Toni Schumacher and Huub Stevens fighting on field, whereas René van de Kerkhof would go on to punch Bernd Schuster in the eye.
During the semifinal of the UEFA Euro 1988, the Dutch defeated Germany (the host country) 2–1 with a goal by Marco van Basten in the very last minute of the game. After the game Ronald Koeman of the Dutch national team pretended to wipe his backside with Olaf Thon's jersey, creating outrage in Germany. 
The Dutch proceeded to win the final against the Soviet Union. When the team returned to the Netherlands and were celebrated in the capital Amsterdam, headcoach Rinus Michels stood in front of the Dutch Royal Palace and said to the crowd: "We won the tournament, but we all know that the semi-final was the real final".
The Netherlands exploded into a mass celebration. As the Dutch team returned home they were paraded through the canals of Amsterdam as people jumped in the water and swam towards the players to congratulate them. 
Following the 1988 match, anti-German sentiment became much less prominent among the Dutch, as defeating the Germans and going on to win the cup, in Germany itself, was to many the closest they would ever come to repaying Germany. It also marked a new phase in the rivalry because with the war-related sentiment lessened on the Dutch side, the Germans now as a consequence also became far more vocal about the football rivalry, which they had avoided previously. The rivalry continued, but the tone (though still highly competitive) became less aggressive.
1988–present.
In 1990 both teams met again during the second round of the World Cup. This match is seen as the main catalyst for the modern German-Dutch rivalry, in which both Germany and the Netherlands enthusiastically participate. Both teams also met in the qualification round for this World Cup: 0-0 in Germany and 1-1 in The Netherlands.
Before kick-off the Dutch supporters shouted down the "Deutschlandlied" with boos and the Germans replied by chanting "Deutschland! Deutschland!" during the playing of "Het Wilhelmus". The game that followed was notable for its many fouls and other incidents. After Rudi Völler had been hacked down by Frank Rijkaard, who was subsequently booked, Rijkaard spat in Völler's hair. After the following free kick, Völler and the Dutch keeper van Breukelen had contact, both trying to get the ball, and van Breukelen and Rijkaard shouted at Völler and Rijkaard pulled Völler's hair. The referee sent both Rijkaard and Völler off, and Rijkaard spat in Völler's hair a second time when both players left the pitch. Germany won the match 2–1 and went on to win the tournament and become World Champions.
In 1992 the Dutch beat Germany 3–1 during the group stage of the 1992 European Championship. However, both teams progress to the Semi-Finals and Germany eventually lost the final against Denmark.
The next competitive match between the two nations, both teams' first one during the group stages of the 2004 European Championship in Portugal, ended in a 1–1 draw. In hindsight, after all group matches were played, this result turned out to be enough to send the Dutch on to the next round, with the German team being eliminated.
Another competitive match was planned, when the Netherlands and Germany were meeting in the group stages of UEFA Euro 2012. The Group B game assumed greater significance after the results of the first tranche of group matches, since they made it possible that a German win could eliminate the Dutch from progression in the tournament, depending on the result of the other subsequent group game (between Denmark and Portugal); the game ended in a 2-1 victory to Germany, putting the Netherlands' progression from the Group Stage into significant doubt. The Dutch were eliminated with no points after losing to Portugal in their final match.
Overall balance & friendlies.
Overall, the matches between both countries have been quite balanced in the past decades, including the latest friendlies. Since 1996 the friendly matches in The Netherlands resulted in one Dutch victory (2-1 in 2000), two draws (2-2 in 2005; 0-0 in 2012) and one defeat (0-1 in 1996). The friendly matches in Germany resulted in one Germany victory (3-0 in 2011), one draw (1-1 in 1998) and one Dutch victory (1-3 in 2002).
Competitive record.
Final, 1974 FIFA World Cup 
Second group stage, 1978 FIFA World Cup 
Group stages UEFA Euro 1980 
Semi Final, UEFA Euro 1988
Second round, 1990 FIFA World Cup
Group stages UEFA Euro 1992 
Group stages UEFA Euro 2004 
Group stages UEFA Euro 2012 
Overall record (Total games played: 8)
Trivia.
- Series
- Outcome
- Goals
- Players
- Home advantage
- Penalties
In popular culture.
Newspapers;
Museums;
In television; 
During the 1990s and 2000s a lot of adverts appeared, at first on Dutch television later also on German networks, which referenced the Dutch-German football rivalry. Including;
A number of novelty songs have also been written, these include;
The song is based on the melody of the Song Go West.
The two teams met prior to Euro 2012 in November 2011, for an international friendly at the Volksparkstadion, Hamburg. Germany was victorious with the final score ending 3-0. During Euro 2012 the two teams met competitively once again in Group B, the so-called "Group of Death", which features Germany, Netherlands, Denmark,and Portugal; Germany won that match 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="5918744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918744" title="Holme, Hordaland">
Holme, Hordaland

Holme is a village in the Meland municipality, located in Hordaland county, Norway. The village lies along Herdlefjorden on the western coast of the island of Holsnøy. The urban area of Holme (which includes Hjartås) has a population (2012) of 663, giving the village a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="5918752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918752" title="Hjartås">
Hjartås

Hjartås is a village in Meland municipality, located in Hordaland county, Norway. The village lies along the Herdlefjorden on the western coast of the island of Holsnøy. The village is a part of the urban area of Holme. The urban area of Holme (which includes Hjartås) has a population (2012) of 663, giving the village a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="5918766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918766" title="Krossneset">
Krossneset

Krossneset is a village in Meland municipality, in Hordaland county, Norway. The village sits on the island of Flatøy, about half-way between the villages of Frekhaug (to the west) and Knarvik (to the east). The village has a population (2012) of 468, giving the village a population density of .
The village sits at a major transportation cross-roads. The small island of Flatøy is the hub of a three-way bridge network that connects the entire Nordhordland district to the city of Bergen. The Krossnessundet Bridge connects to the island of Holsnøy to the west, the Hagelsund Bridge connects to the Lindås peninsula to the east, and the Nordhordland Bridge to Bergen to the south. The Hagelsund and Nordhordland bridges carry the European route E39 highway.

</doc>
<doc id="5918777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918777" title="Bianca Gascoigne">
Bianca Gascoigne

Bianca Gascoigne (born 28 October 1986) is a British glamour model and television personality. She is the daughter of Sheryl Gascoigne, and stepdaughter of Paul Gascoigne, a former footballer. She has a brother Mason and a half-brother Regan.
Modeling.
In September 2006, Gascoigne appeared on the front cover of "Loaded" magazine. In January 2007 she was on the cover of "Nuts" magazine. In August 2008, she appeared on the cover of "Zoo Weekly". She has also been featured in "Maxim", "FHM" and numerous tabloid newspapers.
TV career.
In 2006, Gascoigne won ITV's reality TV show "Love Island", which was set in Fiji.
In July 2008, she competed against glamour model Danielle Lloyd on the TV show "Gladiators", in a celebrity special, which she went on to win, supporting a charity for domestic violence.
Gascoigne also presented "Big Brother's Big Mouth" from 15 to 18 July 2008, and appeared in an episode of the BBC Three reality programme "Snog Marry Avoid?" where she also performed a rap to POD.
In 2010, she took part in "Celebrity Coach Trip" and was partnered with friend Imogen Thomas.
In 2012, Gascoigne auditioned for the ninth series of "The X Factor" where she sang Mary J. Blige's "I'm Goin' Down" but failed to make it to bootcamp as the judges claimed that there were already some 'excellent' performers in her category and described her voice as being 'mediocre'.

</doc>
<doc id="5918784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918784" title="Io, Norway">
Io, Norway

Io is a village in Meland municipality, in Hordaland county, Norway. The village sits on the shore of the Herdlefjorden along the northern coast of the island of Holsnøy, about southwest of the village of Rossland.

</doc>
<doc id="5918785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918785" title="Football Club Libourne">
Football Club Libourne

Football Club Libourne, formerly known as AS Libourne or Libourne Saint-Seurin-sur-L'Isle, are a French football team from the town of Libourne in Aquitaine. They currently play in the DH Ligue d'Aquitaine (sixth tier of French football).
History.
The club was founded by Georges Kany in 1935 as Football Club Libourne. The club then became omnisports in 1966 and thus changed its name to Association Sportive Libournaise or simply AS Libourne. Nearly three decades later, in 1998, the club merged with AS Saint-Seurin and became Football Club de Libourne Saint-Seurin-sur-L'Isle. However, in October 2009, this merger was undone: AS Libourne returned to its old name (Football Club Libourne) and AS Saint-Seurin disappeared.
The club, nicknamed the penguins, were promoted to Ligue 2 from Championnat National after the 2005–2006 season, but relegation followed after finishing 19th in 2007–2008. The downfall continued and as of the 2013–14 season the club is playing in the DH Ligue d'Aquitaine (sixth tier of French football) after being champions of the DSR Ligue d'Aquitaine (seventh tier) in 2013.
Current squad.
As of November 2009.
Former coaches.
Stéphane Ziani

</doc>
<doc id="5918791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918791" title="VF-871">
VF-871

VF-871 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5918797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918797" title="Jay Greene">
Jay Greene

Jay H. Greene is a retired NASA engineer. He worked as a FIDO flight controller during the Apollo Program and a flight director from 1982 to 1986, most notably as ascent flight director during the Challenger accident in 1986. Greene worked for four years as a manager on the International Space Station project and received several awards for his work including the NASA Distinguished Service Medal. After his retirement in 2004 he served as a part-time consultant on the Exploration Systems Architecture Study. NASA Associate Administrator Rex Geveden described him as "a famous technical curmudgeon in the Agency."
Early life.
Greene grew up in Brooklyn and graduated from Brooklyn Polytechnic in 1964 with a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering. His first job was at North American Aviation in Downey, California, but he did not find the work particularly satisfying. Less than a year later, he accepted a job with NASA at the Manned Spacecraft Center (later named the Johnson Space Center) in Houston, Texas.
Apollo program.
Despite the fact that his degree was in electrical engineering, Greene was assigned to the flight dynamics branch and trained to be a Flight Dynamics Officer (FIDO) for the upcoming Apollo program. His responsibilities in Mission Control would include monitoring the trajectory of the Apollo spacecraft, computing changes in orbit, and plotting course corrections and adjustments.
His first shift as a flight controller was during the launch of the unmanned Apollo 6. The launch turned out to be a memorable one, as two engines cut out on the second stage of the Saturn V booster less than five minutes after lift-off. Although the mission was not aborted, it was a challenging launch for the Flight Dynamics officer—the spacecraft diverged from its intended trajectory so severely that Greene was nearly forced to call an abort.
In 1969, Greene was chosen to work the descent shift for Apollo 11, the first lunar landing. This was a coveted and prestigious assignment, showing the esteem in which he was held by his superiors. Flight Director Gene Kranz, who also worked the descent shift, described Greene as "elite in the ranks of the FIDOs, cocky and crisp with his calls."
During the Apollo 13 crisis, Greene played a less major role. Unlike many other flight controllers, most notably Gene Kranz, he was not positive about the astronauts' chance of survival. "A lot of them in retrospect will tell you how macho and cool was," he said in an interview some years later, "but it was pretty grim." Greene later stated that "when they opened up that capsule, I was sure all they would find would be three dead bodies. I honestly didn't see how we could get them home."
Greene was a FIDO on Apollo 6 through 17, excluding Apollo 9.[http://www.jsc.nasa.gov/history/oral_histories/GreeneJH/GreeneJH_Bio.pdf]
Space shuttle program.
After the Apollo program concluded, Greene spent two years as a Range Safety Coordinator, planning the procedures that would be followed if something went wrong with the trajectory of the Space Shuttle during launch. He fought to keep the Shuttle from being fitted with a range safety destruct system, which would allow it to be destroyed remotely from the ground. However, he was not successful and believes that he was removed from the position as a result of his stand on the issue.
Greene remained in the flight dynamics branch until 1982, spending 1976 through 1979 as section head and 1980 through 1982 as branch chief. He was a FIDO on STS-1 and worked his last mission as FIDO in 1981 on STS-2, the second Shuttle launch. By that point, his responsibilities in the flight dynamics branch were largely managerial. 
That year, at the request of Johnson Space Center director George Abbey, he began the process of training to become a flight director. He worked STS-3 and STS-4 as a backup flight director, learning the job by being paired with the experienced flight director Tommy Holloway and observing him at work. Greene's first mission as flight director in his own right was STS-6, which launched on April 6, 1983. As a flight director, Greene specialized in the ascent shift, considered to be one of the most demanding and dangerous phases of a mission. He worked on ten flights between 1983 and 1986, including STS-61-C, which was notable for having included Rep. Bill Nelson (D-FL) as a member of the crew. In his book about the mission, Nelson characterized Greene as a "no-nonsense type of man," "underpaid and overworked," yet dedicated to his job. His tenth and final mission as lead Flight Director was on STS-51-L.[http://www.jsc.nasa.gov/history/oral_histories/GreeneJH/GreeneJH_Bio.pdf]
Challenger accident.
Greene was not originally assigned to work the STS-51-L mission, which was scheduled to launch a mere ten days after the landing of STS-61-C. Due to staffing issues, he was pulled from STS-61-C and reassigned as ascent flight director for STS-51-L. As flight director, Greene was involved in discussion (although by his own recollection, "not a lot") about concerns with the cold weather and ice on the morning of the launch. These concerns had been worked primarily during the shift preceding his, and their conclusion had been that the freezing weather was not a reason to call off the launch as far as the orbiter was concerned. While he did have the authority to halt the countdown, he chose to report 'GO' to the KSC Launch Director.
In the minutes following the loss of "Challenger", Greene's responsibilities as flight director centered on ensuring that data from the accident was properly recorded and preserved, and that incident reports were written up. 
NASA adopted a policy of minimum engagement with the press in the immediate aftermath of the accident. On the following day, the "New York Times" noted that "neither Jay Greene, flight director for the ascent, nor any other person in the control room, was made available to the press by the space agency". He did, however, appear at a press conference later that day, where he answered questions about the accident. All the data received at Mission Control up to the time of "Challenger"'s disintegration appeared normal, he reported, and he was not able to shed light on the accident's cause.
Managerial positions.
After "Challenger", Greene chose to retire as a flight director. In October 1987, after a short period working with a study group on lunar exploration, he was appointed head of NASA's safety division. The division had been created after the "Challenger" accident at the recommendation of the Rogers Commission, which saw its establishment as key in creating a new, more vigorous "safety culture" at NASA. However, Greene feared that too much introspection by NASA engineers could lead to a damaging loss of confidence. In an interview a year later, he said that NASA had been on "a fantastic guilt trip," adding that "I believe NASA has been overly eager to defend itself against all critics. Any time you have an independent panel, you ought to be able to name a defense attorney for the status quo."
In the following years, among other positions, he worked as Deputy Associate Administrator for Exploration at NASA Headquarters in Washington, DC from 1991 through 1993. In 1995 he became Manager of the Space Shuttle Engineering Office, a technically challenging job that he enjoyed greatly. "That was an amazingly good feeling," he later said, "owning four Shuttles. Going down to the Cape and visiting them and actually feeling ownership and responsibility for them." However, his opposition to the creation of the United Space Alliance was controversial, and he spent less than two years in the position.
From 1996 to 2000, Greene was Deputy Manager for Technical Development on the International Space Station. He received the NASA Distinguished Service Medal, the Rotary Stellar Award, and a Silver Snoopy award for his work on the station. Finally, between 2000 and 2004, he served as Chief Engineer at Johnson Space Center, where his role consisted primarily of advising the Center Director.
Retirement.
After retiring from NASA in 2004, Greene worked as a part-time consultant on the Exploration Systems Architecture Study, which aimed to provide a blueprint for America's return to the Moon and Mars. "We put together a greybeard review team," explained NASA Associate Administrator Rex Geveden, describing Greene as "a famous technical curmudgeon in the Agency."
In films.
Greene was interviewed extensively for two History Channel documentaries about Mission Control, "Failure Is Not an Option" and "Beyond the Moon: Failure Is Not an Option 2".

</doc>
<doc id="5918799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918799" title="List of Permanent Representatives of New Zealand to the United Nations in Vienna">
List of Permanent Representatives of New Zealand to the United Nations in Vienna

The Permanent Representative of New Zealand to the United Nations in Vienna is New Zealand's foremost diplomatic representative at the offices of the United Nations in Vienna, and in charge of New Zealand's diplomatic mission to the United Nations in Vienna.
The Permanent Delegation is located at New Zealand's consulate-general in Vienna. New Zealand has maintained a resident Permanent Representative to the UN in Vienna since 1982. Until 1991, the Permanent Representative was concurrently accredited as the Ambassador to Austria. However, with the closing of the bilateral mission in that year, and its transfer to Bonn, in Germany, the position of Permanent Representative was separated.

</doc>
<doc id="5918803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918803" title="WVQS-LD">
WVQS-LD

WVQS-LD is a low-power television station in Vieques, Puerto Rico licensed to broadcast over digital channel 50. The station is owned by Juan G. Padín.
WVQS-LD 50.1 is The Home of The Dominican Republic's Leading Channel: Telemicro and 50.2 The Retro Channel.
Its Sister Stations Are: WUSP-LD 25.1 in Ponce & W50EN-D 50.1 in Caguas. These stations are owned by JGP Engineering Group.

</doc>
<doc id="5918814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918814" title="Book of Roads and Kingdoms">
Book of Roads and Kingdoms

Book of Roads and Kingdoms or Book of Highways and Kingdoms (, "Kitāb al-Masālik wa'l-Mamālik") is the name given to several medieval Arabic language texts dealing with geography:

</doc>
<doc id="5918819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918819" title="The Voyevoda (opera)">
The Voyevoda (opera)

The Voyevoda (, "The Voyevoda"), Op. 3, is an opera in 3 acts and 4 scenes, by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky with a libretto written by Alexander Ostrovsky and based on his play "The Voyevoda (A Dream on the Volga)" (). 
The opera was composed between March 1867 and July 1868, and it received its first performance on 11 February January 30 1869 at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow. It was a benefit for Alexandra Menshikova.
In the 1870s Tchaikovsky destroyed the manuscript full score of the opera, while recycling much of the first act in his "The Oprichnik" (1870–1872). The subject of "The Voyevoda" was thus left available to his former pupil Anton Arensky to compose as the opera "Dream on the Volga" in 1888. During the Soviet period "The Voyevoda" was posthumously reconstructed from surviving orchestral and vocal parts and the composer's sketches. 
Instrumentation.
Source: www.tchaikovsky-research.net
Synopsis.
"Time": The middle of the 17th century
"Place": A large city on the Volga River
Act 3.
Source: www.tchaikovsky-research.net

</doc>
<doc id="5918822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918822" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Ajaccio">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ajaccio

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ajaccio ("Adjax" or "Ajax" in Latin), is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in France. The diocese comprises the whole of the island of Corsica.
Erected in the 3rd century, the diocese was formerly a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Pisa. Since the French Concordat of 1801, the diocese has been a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Aix. 
Its first bishop known to history was Evander, who assisted at the Council of Rome in 313.
Before the French Revolution, Corsica contained five other dioceses: 
The Byzantine ruins at Mariana perpetuate the memory of the church built by the Pisans in the 12th century. 
There is a legend that the bishops banished from Africa to Corsica in 484 by Hunneric, Arian King of the Vandals, built with their own hands the primitive cathedral of Ajaccio. The present cathedral, dating from the end of the 16th century, owes its construction to the initiative of Gregory XIII, who while still Ugo Buoncompagni, spent some time at Ajaccio as papal legate. 
The see was left vacant for five years, during which time the diocesan revenues were applied to the building of the cathedral. It was finished by Bishop Giustiniani after his nomination. 
Liturgical services are held according to the Greek Byzantine rite in the village of Cargèse, founded in 1676 by the descendants of the Greek aristocrat Stephen Comnenus (Stephanos Comnenos), whom the Ottoman Turks had expelled from the Peloponnesus.

</doc>
<doc id="5918831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918831" title="Taira no Tadamori">
Taira no Tadamori

He consolidated the influence of the Taira clan at the Imperial Court, and is said to have been the first samurai to serve the Emperor directly, at Court.
As a servant of the Court, Tadamori waged campaigns, beginning in 1129, against pirates on the coasts of San'yōdō and Nankaidō (two of the "Gokishichidō", large administrative divisions of Japan). He also served his own clan in battling the warrior monks of Nara and of Mount Hiei.
Tadamori is also credited with the construction of the Rengeō-in, a major and now-famous temple in Kyoto, which includes the longest wooden building in the world, the Sanjūsangen-dō. Tadamori was granted the governorship of Tajima province as a reward for completing this project.

</doc>
<doc id="5918835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918835" title="Ve, Norway">
Ve, Norway

Ve is a village in the district Tveit in Kristiansand municipality, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="5918836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918836" title="Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman">
Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman

The stories contained in the book were written between 1980 and 2005, and published in Japan in various magazines then collections. The contents of this compilation was selected by Murakami and first published in English translation in 2006 (its Japanese counterpart was released later in 2009). Around half the stories were translated by Philip Gabriel with the other half being translated by Jay Rubin. In this collection, the stories alternate between the two translators for the most part.
Murakami considers this to be his first real English-language collection of short stories since "The Elephant Vanishes" (1993) and considers "after the quake" (2000) to be more akin to a concept album, as its stories were designed to produce a cumulative effect.
In the introductory notes to the English-language edition of "Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman", Murakami declares, "I find writing novels a challenge, writing stories a joy. If writing novels is like planting a forest, then writing short stories is more like planting a garden." This analogy serves to give the reader some idea of what awaits.
Contents.
Many of the stories in the collection have been published previously in Japanese periodicals (not listed here), then translated in literary magazines (mentioned below), although some have been revised for "Blind Willow". The stories are listed below in the order in which they appear in the book.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="5918838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918838" title="A Pallas nagy lexikona">
A Pallas nagy lexikona

A Pallas nagy lexikona (Pallas's Great Lexicon) was the first complete Hungarian encyclopedia which was not a translation. It was published by the Pallas Literary and Press Corporation between 1893 and 1897. The encyclopedia comprised 16 volumes, 150 000 articles, and it was the work of 300 authors.

</doc>
<doc id="5918840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918840" title="Punk Goes 90's">
Punk Goes 90's

"Punk Goes 90's" is a compilation of the "Punk Goes..." series created by Fearless Records that features artists covering popular songs from the 1990s. The cover art references Nirvana's iconic "Nevermind" cover, on which "In Bloom" originally appeared.

</doc>
<doc id="5918844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918844" title="Ulmus lamellosa">
Ulmus lamellosa

Ulmus lamellosa, commonly called the Hebei Elm, is a small deciduous tree native to four Chinese provinces, Hebei, Henan, Nei Mongol, and Shanxi, to the west and south of Beijing.
Description.
A slow growing tree rarely exceeding 10 m in height, "U. lamellosa" is often multi-stemmed, its upright branches forming a rounded crown, but occasionally forms a single, slender trunk < 20 cm d.b.h. Considered closely related to the Large-fruited Elm "U. macrocarpa", it is distinguishable from that species by its mottled, flaking bark and smaller leaves. The leaves, on 3 mm - 8 mm petioles, are obovate, < 10 cm long by 5.5 cm wide, caudate at the apex, with simply to doubly serrate margins, and densely pubescent when young; the leaves turn a rich gold in autumn.
The perfect wind-pollinated apetalous flowers are produced on second-year shoots in March–April; the large < 35 mm diameter samarae appear from April to May.
Pests and diseases.
In the trials at the Morton Arboretum, Illinois, "U. lamellosa" was found to have a good resistance to Dutch elm disease.
The species was also found to be among the least suitable elms for feeding and reproduction by the adult elm leaf beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola" [http://www.bioone.org/doi/full/10.1603/0022-0493%282001%29094%5B0162%3AROTCEU%5D2.0.CO%3B2 and feeding by the Japanese Beetle "Popillia japonica" [http://www.bioone.org/doi/full/10.1603/0022-0493%282001%29094%5B0445%3APOTCEU%5D2.0.CO%3B2] in the USA.
Cultivation.
Rare in cultivation beyond China, it is one of a number of Chinese species which were assessed for their horticultural merit at the Morton Arboretum where it was adjudged suitable for planting in parks and gardens, but typically intolerant of wet soils.
Although known to propagate satisfactorily, "U. lamellosa" is only very rarely found in commerce in Europe and the USA; there are no known cultivars.

</doc>
<doc id="5918848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918848" title="VA22">
VA22

VA-22 has the following meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="5918857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918857" title="WRFB">
WRFB

WRFB is a television station in Carolina, Puerto Rico broadcasting over analog channel 52, digital 51. The station is owned by R & F Broadcasting Incorporated, and its programming consists of Movies, News, Entertainment, Reality TV Shows, Series, Music Videos & Talk Shows. The station is branded as Telemicro Internacional.
WRFB is the official home of Dominican Republic's leading channel Telemicro.

</doc>
<doc id="5918860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918860" title="Sewickley">
Sewickley

Sewickley can refer to a location in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="5918862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918862" title="Rolf Rämgård">
Rolf Rämgård

Rolf Rämgård (born March 30, 1934 in Älvdalen), is a former Swedish cross country skier who competed in the early 1960s. He won two medals at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley with a silver in the 30 km and a bronze in the 50 km events.
In the seventies Rämgård had turned into politics and was a member of the Swedish parliament and Municipal commissioner in his home municipality. He also become "the minister of sports in the government.

</doc>
<doc id="5918864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918864" title="Våga">
Våga

Våga may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5918875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918875" title="The Brothers (novella)">
The Brothers (novella)

The Brothers is a fantasy novella written by American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It was first published by DAW Books in 1986 in "Visible Light", a collection of her short fiction, and was republished in 2004 in "The Collected Short Fiction of C. J. Cherryh.
The story draws on Celtic mythology and includes the realm of Faery and the fay race of the Sídhe. Cherryh's 1994 novel "Faery in Shadow" is a sequel to this novella.
A minor revision of "The Brothers" and a major rewrite of "Faery in Shadow" was self-published by Cherryh as an e-book in "Faery Moon" in December 2009.
Plot summary.
"The Brothers" is a story of two valleys, Gleann Gleatharan, ruled by Cinnfhail of Dun Gorm, and Gleann Fiach, ruled by Sliabhin of Dun Mhor. Separating the two valleys is a Sidhe-wood, which Dun Gorm respectfully keeps out of, but in which Dun Mhor defiantly hunts. The Sidhe have blessed Gleann Gleatharan with peace and good fortune, but cursed Gleann Fiach with bad luck and misery. Sliabhin is also cursed by the Sidhe for committing fratricide, killing his older brother Gaelan to seize Dun Mhor and Gaelan's queen, Moralach. Moralach had two children, Caith and later Brian, both during Gaelan's reign, but Caith was exiled soon after birth to live with Gaelan's cousin Hagan of Dun na nGall. After Sliabhin became king, Moralach hanged herself.
Caith grows up believing that Gaelan is his father and when he learns that Sliabhin murdered Gaelan, and that he has a younger brother, now in Sliabhin's hands, he returns to revenge his father's death and rescue Brian. As he passes through Gleann Gleatharan, he is told that Sliabhin is his real father who raped Moralach, and this increases his resolve to rid Dun Mhor of Sliabhin and free Brian. Cinnfhail, uneasy that Caith's meddling may disturb Gleann Gleatharan's peace, reluctantly lends Caith his fay horse Dathuil. Dathuil takes Caith straight to the Sidhe wood where he meets Nuallan, of the Sidhe Fair Folk, and Dubhain, a mischievous shapeshifting pooka. They bargain with Caith, who ends up losing everything he has, including Dathuil, in exchange for their help in overthrowing Sliabhin and freeing Brian. Caith and Dubhain, alternating between a black horse and a boy, set off for Dun Mhor.
Meanwhile, Cinnfhail's son, Raghallach, rides to the Sidhe-wood to find and assist Caith, but is stopped by Nuallan. At Dun Mhor, Caith and Dubhain are let in and taken to Sliabhin, who shows them Raghallach, captured and tortured. But a discrete smile from Raghallach reveals to Caith that it is actually Nuallan in disguise. Caith and Dubhain themselves are imprisoned, and Caith bargains away his scruples for help from Dubhain in freeing them and rescuing Brain. Dubhain, as the horse, takes Caith through the locked door and down to a cellar containing Brain locked in a cage, a shackled and disfigured Raghallach/Nuallan, and Sliabhin. The chains holding Raghallach suddenly fall away and Nuallan escapes with Brian, leaving Caith to confront Sliabhin. Caith kills Sliabhin, escapes the dun and is taken by Dubhain back to the Sidhe-wood.
In the wood, Caith sees a group of Fair Folk around a sleeping Brian, but they won't let Caith near his brother. Nearby Raghallach sits on his horse, frozen-in-time, and Nuallan puts Brian in Raghallach's arms, letting Raghallach believe that he rescued Brian from Dun Mhor. Nuallan then takes Caith into Faery from where Caith looks down on Dun Gorm and sees an older Brian playing happily. Nuallan offers to take Brian's happiness and give it to Caith, but Caith refuses. Caith is returned to the wood where he is cursed with torment for the rest of his life for committing patricide. Not permitted to return to Dun Gorm or Dun Mhor and with nowhere else to go, the wayward Dubhain appears at his side and offers to be his companion. Caith reluctantly agrees.

</doc>
<doc id="5918883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918883" title="German ju-jutsu">
German ju-jutsu

German ju-jutsu is a martial art related to traditional Japanese jujutsu, developed in Germany in the 1960s using techniques from jujutsu, judo, karate and various other traditional and modern martial arts. Its governing body in Germany is the DJJV (Deutscher Ju-Jutsu Verband); its competitive sport aspects are coordinated internationally by the JJIF (Ju-Jitsu International Federation). The system is taught to the German police forces. 
Terminology.
In Germany, the term ' is virtually always taken to refer to German ju-jutsu, whereas other styles related to Japanese jujutsu are normally called '.
History.
In 1967, members of the Deutsche Dan-Kollegium (DDK, German Dan Council) started developing a
new self-defense system mainly based on judo, karate, and aikido, all three styles in turn being based on or influenced by traditional Japanese jujutsu. A lot of emphasis was put on techniques which could be used in real-life situations. Over the years, experience from police work and techniques from other martial arts have influenced the system. In 2000, additional techniques from kali, arnis de mano, eskrima, sambo, Brazilian jiu-jitsu, wing chun, muay Thai, boxing and other martial arts were officially incorporated into German ju-jutsu.
Techniques.
German ju-jutsu includes atemi, elbow techniques, kicks, knee strikes, throws, ground techniques (taken from judo), various locks, pressure points, and armed techniques, among others, covering all distances. Training includes defense against multiple opponents. Even in the early days, because of the art's mixed origin, practitioners combined strikes and blocks from karate, judo-style throws and grappling techniques, as well as aikido-style joint locks.
Combat sport.
Several different competition systems exist. Considering that Jujutsu in certain other European countries has undergone modernization processes that have led to styles similar to German ju-jutsu, international competitions are possible. The German Ju-Jutsu Association was one of the three founding members of the Ju-Jitsu International Federation (JJIF)[http://www.jjifweb.com] (originally called the European Ju-Jitsu Federation, EJJF), which has focused on developing the sport aspect of Western jujutsu styles. The JJIF
now is an international sport federation with national associations in over 70 countries.[http://www.jjifweb.com/html/contacts.html]
At the world level, there are two competition systems: The "duo system" involves a pair of practitioners ("jujutsuka") from the same team demonstrating self-defence techniques against attacks randomly called by the mat referee. The "fighting system" involves one-on-one combat. In the fighting system, three phases are distinguished, each with slightly different rules. The round begins in the distance fighting phase. Once a grab has been made, the second phase is entered and hits are no longer allowed. The third phase is entered when the "jujutsuka" are down on the mat. Switching back and forth between all phases is possible, that is, if the "jujutsuka" managed to stand up again, the first or second phase would recommence.
Customs.
The customs are akin to those used in other Japanese Budō techniques:

</doc>
<doc id="5918885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918885" title="Våge">
Våge

Våge may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="5918905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918905" title="Shafter">
Shafter

Shafter can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5918916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918916" title="Masfjordnes">
Masfjordnes

Masfjordnes is the administrative centre of Masfjorden municipality in Hordaland county, Norway. The village lies along the southern shore of the Masfjorden, along Norwegian County Road 570. The village is very narrow, occupying the wide strip of shoreline between the fjord and the mountains.
The small village is often called "Sandnes" by the locals since Sandnes Church is located here. There is a long cable ferry from Masfjordnes to Duesund across the fjord. Masfjordnes is about north of the city of Bergen. There was a factory that dyed cloth and yarn on the west side of Masfjordnes from 1889 until 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="5918918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918918" title="Mo, Hordaland">
Mo, Hordaland

Mo is the administrative centre of Modalen municipality, located in northern Hordaland county, Norway. The village lies at the mouth of the river Moelva, where it empties into the Romarheimsfjorden (also known as the Mofjorden). The small village has about 100 residents. It is the seat of the municipal government and it is also the site of Mo Church, the only Church of Norway church in the municipality. The main "centre" of the village lies along the shore of the fjord where there are some small shops and a hotel that is run by some Icelanders. 
The village was inaccessible by car with the rest of Norway until 1976 when the Modalen Tunnel was built. The north end of the tunnel sits at the east end of the village of Mo and the tunnel cuts through the mountains heading south to the Eksingedalen valley in Vaksdal municipality. In 1996, a road was built along the Mofjorden heading east from Mo which connected it to Lindås municipality. 

</doc>
<doc id="5918925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918925" title="Karim Nayernia">
Karim Nayernia

Karim Nayernia () is an Iranian biomedical scientist and a world expert on stem cell biology.
He carried out pioneering work that has the potential to lead to future therapies for a range of medical conditions such as heart disease, Parkinson's disease and male infertility. His team was the first in the world to isolate a new type of stem cell from adult mouse testes (male sex glands), called spermatagonial stem cells. It was able to show that some of these stem cells, called multipotent adult germline stem cells (maGSCs), turned into heart, muscle, brain and other cells. Prof Nayernia and his team proposed that similar cells could be extracted from men using a simple testicular biopsy. On the basis of these cells, new stem cell techniques could be developed in order to treat a variety of illnesses.
Academic career.
Karim Nayernia is an alumnus of the University of Göttingen, where he had defended his dissertation in 1993. He worked at the university until 2006, when he started to work at the Newcastle University. In 2003, he got the professorship (Habilitation) in Molecular Human Genetics from Medical Faculty of Georg-August University in Gottingen and in 2006 Professorship for Stem Cell Biology from the Newcastle University Institute of Human Genetics.
Karim Nayernia is an alumnus of the University of Göttingen, where he had defended his dissertation in 1993. He worked at the university until 2006, when he started to work at the Newcastle University. In 2006, he was appointed as Professor of Stem Cell Biology at the Newcastle University Institute of Human Genetics.
In 2009, he created human sperm-like cells from male stem cells in the laboratory for the first time :http://www.theguardian.com/science/2009/jul/08/sperm-grown-stem-cell-fertility . Previously, in 2006, he used sperm created from embryonic stem cells to impregnate mice. The mice produced seven pups, although one died and the other six had health problems. His works were reported by several news agencies:
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/5166462.stm
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8138963.stm
http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2009/jul/08/sperm-grown-stem-cell-fertility
http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2007/apr/13/cancer.stemcells?INTCMP=SRCH
In 2010, he discovered a new marker for detection of breast cancer stem cells. This findings define this novel marker and its effector signaling pathways as key factors in the proliferation and survival of breast cancer stem cells.

</doc>
<doc id="5918927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918927" title="Mike Port">
Mike Port

Michael D. Port (born July 24, 1945 in Los Angeles) is a retired American professional baseball executive. He was vice president, Umpiring for Major League Baseball from August 2005 through March 2011, when he left that position, and previously was a front-office executive for three MLB clubs. Port was the general manager of the California Angels from September 1984 through 1991 and acting GM of the Boston Red Sox from February through November of 2002.
After attending United States International University in his native Southern California, Port entered baseball in 1969 as a minor league second baseman for the newly minted San Diego Padres, but after an injury, he retired to become an executive in the San Diego organization. In 1973 he became the club's farm system director and moved to the Angels in a similar capacity in 1978.
Port was also adept at the business side of baseball, and in 1980, he was promoted by the Angels to vice president and chief administrative officer. He succeeded Buzzie Bavasi, his boss in both San Diego and Anaheim, as the Angels' general manager late in 1984. After just falling short of winning the American League West Division title in 1985, the 1986 Angels finished first in their division and led three games to one in the 1986 ALCS; they were one out from their first AL title before the Red Sox started a comeback that ended their pennant hopes. After that disappointment, the Angels, with several veteran players nearing the end of their careers, contended only in 1989. During the 1991 campaign — in which the Angels finished seventh and last in their division, despite a record of 81-81 (.500) — Port was dismissed. Nonetheless, during his tenure with the Angels, the Major League club averaged 85 wins per year and, with the assistance of scouting director Bob Fontaine and player development director Bill Bavasi, the Angels signed and developed players such as Tim Salmon, Jim Abbott, Garret Anderson, Troy Percival, Damion Easley, Gary DiSarcina and Jim Edmonds.
In 1992, he moved on to serve as the first president of the Arizona Fall League, an annual training ground inaugurated by MLB designed for the elite prospects of all member clubs, then joined the Red Sox as assistant general manager in February 1993. Three years later, he was promoted to the club's post of vice president, baseball operations. In February 2002, immediately after John W. Henry, Tom Werner and New England Sports Ventures took control of the Red Sox, Port was named acting GM. Despite 93 regular-season wins, and Port's midseason acquisition of outfielder Cliff Floyd, Boston finished second in the AL East and missed the Wild Card.
With the appointment of Theo Epstein as Boston's general manager in November 2002, Port resumed his former role. He survived a heart attack, and continued to serve as the Red Sox' VP, baseball operations through the club's 2004 World Championship. He was named MLB's vice president of umpiring, during the 2005 season. He serves as a member of the Board of Directors of the National Association of Sports Officials.

</doc>
<doc id="5918929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918929" title="Shaler">
Shaler

Shaler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5918966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918966" title="VF-92">
VF-92

VF-92 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5918976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918976" title="Jorge Luis González">
Jorge Luis González

Jorge Luis González (born October 19, 1964) (DOB disputed) is a former heavyweight boxing contender and prospect born in Havana, Cuba. He won the gold medal at the 1983 Pan American Games and the 1987 Pan American Games and the former WBO Latino Heavyweight Champion.
Amateur.
González compiled an Amateur Record of 220-13. His highlights include:
After an outstanding amateur career in Cuba, where he defeated the likes of Teofilo Stevenson, Tyrell Biggs, and Craig Payne, he defected during a Cuban Team event in Finland, in 1991.
Pro.
He reached the US and turned professional in Miami in June 1991. His progress as a professional was severely hindered by González's refusal to co-operate with trainers or training, feeling as a top Cuban amateur there was nothing he could be taught. He went through several different trainers during his first few years as a pro, due to his arrogance and laziness.
At 6'7, he towered over his opposition, and the majority of his fights featured the huge Gonzalez crudely clubbing his victims to defeat. Although he was criticised for not fighting anyone, at the time he was a genuinely feared contender and nobody wanted to fight him.
His most notable results in accumulating a 23-0 (22 KO's) record were his 10 round beating and TKO of the faded but still very game and tough Renaldo Snipes, a first round kayo of a faded Phil Brown, and a one punch, two-round kayo of Mike Evans, a tough fringe contender that nobody had been able to stop in ten years.
In June 1995, after a heated build up, he fought hated arch rival Riddick Bowe in Las Vegas, for the WBO Heavyweight championship. Bowe exposed González for his limitations and lack of development, savagely pounding the Cuban before knocking him clean out in the 6th round.
In 1996 González returned, seemingly out of shape, for a high profile fight with ex-champ Tim Witherspoon in New York. Gonzalez blew his chance of redemption, as Witherspoon used his superior skills and big power to take González apart, decking him twice and knocking him out in five rounds, issuing an even more complete defeat than Bowe had done.
Later that year González shockingly quit midway through a fight with trial horse Ross Puritty, ending his term as a contender.
In 1997 hot prospect and equally giant Michael Grant blew him away in one round, although in 1999 a new and improved González resurfaced, in-shape and more polished, bombing out Alex Stewart in two rounds and outpointing ex-champ Greg Page over ten.
A Mike Tyson fight failed to materialise as Tyson-lookalike Cliff Couser demolished the Cuban in three rounds in 2000. In 2001 González lost to Joe Mesi in four, and his career was effectively dead in 2002 when last minute sub Derek Bryant walked over him in one round.
His only title was the WBO Latino Heavyweight title which he defeated Daniel Eduardo Neto by Points decision.

</doc>
<doc id="5918983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918983" title="Danby Wiske">
Danby Wiske

Danby Wiske is a village in the district of Hambleton in North Yorkshire, England. It is the main settlement in the civil parish of Danby Wiske with Lazenby. The village lies north north-west of the county town of Northallerton.
History.
Danby Wiske was mentioned in the Domesday Book as "Danebi". The lands were the property of "Kofse" at the time of the Norman conquest. After 1086 the manor was granted to "Landric of Hornby". There were three households, five ploughlands and six acres of meadow. During the late 13th century and early 14th century, the manor was the subject of dispute. Originally it had passed to the lords of Richmond, who had granted hereditary lordship to "Geoffrey le Scrope". When his son Henry inherited the manor the Crown took the title for a short time until it was returned to Henry. However the Crown retook possession upon learning the conditions of inheritance and granted it back to the lords of Richmond in 1342. The manor was leased to Robert Dawe and Edward Thurland in 1602, but in 1616 King James I granted the manor of Danby Wiske to George Calvert, Lord Baltimore, founder of the state of Maryland in the United States. The Calverts sold the manor in 1701 after which it changed hands a couple of times until in 1718 it was bought by Sir Hugh Smithson. It was sold to Jonathon Wharton in 1765. By 1857, the manor was in the possession of the Venerable Archdeacon Cust
Danby Wiske is around ¼ mile from the East Coast Main Line; there was once a railway station here, but this has long since closed. The ancient parish of Danby Wiske included Yafforth as well as Streetlam, but not Lazenby. Yafforth became a separate civil parish in 1866.
The etymology of the name derives from the Old Norse words "Danir" and "by" meaning "the farm of the Danes". The suffix of Wiske refers to the nearby river.
Lazenby had a separate history until modern times. It was historically an extra parochial area. It became a separate civil parish in 1858, and was joined to the ecclesiastical parish of Northallerton in 1867.
Geography and governance.
The village lies on a minor road between the village of Streetlam and the A167 near Northallerton. There is a junction in the centre of the village, with another minor road leading to the nearby village of Yafforth. The village lies at an elevation between and The remains of a moated site south of the church is designated an Ancient Scheduled monument. It is approximately in size with several distinct raised features including evidence that a channel existed between the site and the River Wiske.
Danby Wiske is on the Coast to Coast Walk, originated and described by Alfred Wainwright.
The parish of Danby Wiske with Lazenby includes the village of Streetlam about 2 miles west of Danby Wiske. Lazenby consists of a few scattered houses east of Danby Wiske.
The village lies within the UK Parliamentary constituency of Richmond (Yorkshire). It also lies within the Swale electoral division of North Yorkshire County Council and the Morton-on-Swale ward of Hambleton District Council. There are five members of the local Parish Council.
Demography.
2001 Census.
According to the 2001 UK Census, the parish was 47.9% male and 52.1% female of the total population of 378. The religious make-up was 83.9% Christian with the rest stating no religion. The ethnic distribution was 100% White There were 157 dwellings.
2011 Census.
According to the 2011 UK Census, the parish had a total population of 366 with 48.4% male and 51.6% female. The religious make-up was 72.7% Christian, a small Buddhist minority with the rest stating no religion. The ethnic distribution was 99.5% White with a small Black British minority. There were 155 dwellings.
Community.
There is a Village Hall, built in 1978 and extended in 2010, which is used for fundraising, community activities and social functions. The village once had a school but this too closed long ago; the village children now attend schools in Northallerton. The village has a working BT phone kiosk and a Post Box with daily 4 p.m. weekday collections. There is a 17th-century public house, The White Swan, in the village.
Religion.
The village church is undedicated and known simply as Danby Wiske Parish Church and is a Grade 1 Listed Building. The doorway dates from Norman times, and has a 12th-century north aisle. The church tower underwent a small restoration program in early 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5918986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5918986" title="Censorship in Thailand">
Censorship in Thailand

There is a long history of Censorship in Thailand. Harassment, manipulation, and strict control of political news was common under the Thaksin government (2001–2006), restrictions and media harassment worsened after a military junta overthrew the Thaksin government in a 2006 coup, and increased in the Abhisit era (2008–2011).
Freedom of speech was guaranteed in the 1997 Constitution of Thailand and those guarantees continue in the 2007 Constitution. Mechanisms for censorship have included strict lèse majesté laws, direct government/military control over the broadcast media, and the use of economic and political pressure. Criticism of the King is banned by the Constitution, although most lèse majesté cases have been directed at foreigners, or at Thai opponents of political, social and commercial leaders.
Thailand ranked 59th out of 167 countries in 2004 and then fell to 107th out of 167 countries in 2005 in the worldwide Press Freedom Index from Reporters Without Borders. Thailand's ranking fell to 153rd out of 178 in 2010 and rose to 137th out of 179 in 2011–2012.
Guarantees of freedom of speech, expression, and the press.
Freedom of speech was guaranteed in the 1997 Constitution of Thailand. Those guarantees continue in the 2007 Constitution, which states in part:
Print media.
The first instance of censorship in Thailand occurred with the advent of the first printing press in the country. Thailand's first law book was banned and all copies and the original manuscript were ordered destroyed.
Under the 1941 Printing and Advertisement Act, the Royal Thai Police Special Branch has the authority to issue warnings to publications for various violations such as disturbing the peace, interfering with public safety, or offending public morals.
According to a study by the Political Science Library at Thammasat University, from 1850 to 1999, 1057 books and periodicals were officially banned by publication in the Royal Gazette, including many books considered one of the 100 books every Thai should read. Many titles reflect their era of anti-communist fervor but were published both in Thailand and abroad in Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, Bahasa, English, German, French and Spanish.
Historically, this and other acts have been used to severely restrict press freedom, especially during the military governments of Plaek Pibulsonggram, Sarit Dhanarajata, and Thanom Kittikachorn (up to 1973). Books on Thai feudalism, the monarchy, and religion viewed by the Thai government as disruptive were banned and their authors imprisoned. A student-led uprising in 1973 led to a brief period of press freedom, until a violent military crackdown in 1976 resulted in a major clamp-down. The 1980s saw the gradual thawing of press censorship.
Books.
"Sarakadee" magazine has published an excellent three part overview of book censorship in Thailand.
Unless critical of the royal family, monarchy or sensitive government issues, foreign and domestic books normally are not censored and circulate freely. All public discussion of the death of 20-year-old King Ananda Mahidol, the present king's elder brother, of a single gunshot wound to the head is discouraged and not taught in schools even to history majors.
"The Devil's Discus" by Rayne Kruger (London: Cassell, 1964), a result of investigative reporting, which examines the case of King Ananda, was immediately banned and its author barred from Thailand. Curiously, neither the book's Japanese translation nor Thai in 1972 have been banned. However, the first 16 pages of all extant copies of "The Devil's Discus" in Thai have been excised and seem to have no missing text correspondent to the English original.
Incidentally, the premise of "The Devil's Discus" merely suggests three possibilities for the death of the young king: regicide, suicide or accident, perhaps involving the king's younger brother, Bhumibol Adulyadej. Both boys were fond of playing with weapons and this particular handgun had been a gift to the king by a friend who was an American OSS (forerunner of the CIA) station agent in Bangkok, attached to the U.S. Embassy.
Widely considered to be the father of Thai democracy, Pridi Banomyong was a writer of the first Thai constitution in 1932 which changed Thailand from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional monarchy. In addition, he was twice Prime Minister, a wartime underground hero against the Japanese occupation of Thailand and the founder of Thammasat University.
However, Pridi was brought under suspicion of regicide in the death of King Ananda by his chief political rival, strongman military Prime Minister Plaek Pibulsonggram and was forced to flee into exile with his chief aide-de-camp (and Ananda's), Vacharachai Chaisittiwet. Vacharachai's brother became the Thai translator of "The Devil's Discus" in an attempt to clear his name. Most Thais today have forgotten that Pridi Banomyong, the father of Thai democracy, died in exile.
Three trusted Royal servants were executed without warning and in secrecy for regicide in 1955, nine years after King Ananda's death, after many acquittals and subsequent prosecution appeals with little evidence, old or new, but which resulted in fresh convictions for all three in Thailand's highest court. The entire legal case appears to have been predicated on hearsay and the motivation political, purely to keep Pridi out of the picture. King Bhumibol, a young, untested monarch at the time, failed to exercise his Royal prerogative of pardon for the three prisoners, despite the many questionable facets to the case.
"The Revolutionary King" by William Stevenson (London: Constable, 1999) was actually initiated by King Bhumibol as a semi-official hagiography. King Bhumibhol had translated Stevenson's book, "A Man Called Intrepid", into Thai and reportedly admired Stevenson's work. In any case, Stevenson was granted unprecedented personal access to both the King himself and members of the Royal family.
However, when the published book appeared, not only was it riddled with simple inaccuracies but shocked many Thai readers by referring to His Majesty throughout the book by his childhood nickname, Lek. The book also presented a unique new theory of Japanese involvement in the death of King Ananda; it is unknown whether this theory originated with King Bhumibol.
The book was unofficially banned in Thailand from the date of its publication. However, in 2005, reportedly through Royal intervention, the book could be ordered from bookstores in Thailand but no bookstore has been willing to stock it.
A more recent controversy has occurred over "The King Never Smiles" (New Haven & London: Yale University Press, 2006) by a former Bangkok-based correspondent, Paul Handley, described by its publishers as an "interpretive biography" of King Bhumibol. The book itself was banned in Thailand on its publication in July 2006 but websites relating to sales of the book were blocked from November 2005. As no advance reading copies or excerpts of the book were made available by its publishers, the book appears to have been banned as a precaution due to its title alone.
One example of censoring media of foreign origin is the case of "Bangkok Inside Out", a tourist guide, which, according to the Ministry of Culture, "taints the image of Thailand and its people". Most book censorship is of books in Thai published in Thailand. At the same time, most books since 1999 are banned "unofficially" which makes gathering data on censorship harder to do.
A good example of this modern variety of unofficial Thai censorship is the book "The Images of Pridi Banomyong and Thai Politics 1932–1983", written by Morakot Jaewjinda as her Master's degree thesis in history at Srinakharinwirot University. Although Morakot's thesis was published in 1987, the criminal defamation case against her by Khunying (a Thai Royal decoration of recognition) Nongyao Chaiseree, former rector of Thammasat University, is only starting to be heard in court in 2007.
Self-censorship is a growing trend in Thailand. In February 2007, Chula Book Centre, the bookstore of Chulalongkorn University, refused to carry the book "The 19 September Coup: A Coup for a Democratic Regime Under the Constitutional Monarchy", an anthology critical of Thailand's 2006 military coup d'état written in Thai by leading intellectuals and academics, including Nidhi Eoseewong, Somsak Jeamtheerasakul, Thongchai Winichakul and Sulak Sivaraksa. A few Thai language bookstores did sell the book, however, and reported brisk sales. Later in the month, Chula Book Centre and CU Books reneged on their agreement to both sell and distribute "A Coup for the Rich" primarily because some of the sources quoted were from "The King Never Smiles". The book was written by Dr. Giles Ji Ungpakorn, professor at Chulalongkorn's Faculty of Political Science. On 6 March, Thammasat University Bookstore followed suit in refusing to sell the book even though it has not been officially banned, although the university's rector overturned that decision and the book is now for sale at the university bookstore. The wide conclusion at a panel held at the Foreign Correspondents Club of Thailand on the book was that it should be anticipated "A Coup for the Rich" would be confiscated and banned.
Freedom Against Censorship Thailand (FACT) has initiated the Banned Books Project to scan as many books banned in Thailand as possible for free publication on the Web, beginning with books in several languages about the death of King Ananda.
During the existence of the Communist Party of Thailand, books pertaining to Communism and Socialism (references to Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Lenin, Stalin, Trotsky, or Mao Zedong) and it associated publications e.g. the Communist Manifesto, Das Kapital were banned – even to the extent of not using and/or teaching it in social sciences courses or to sociology majors. This also extended to publications involving proletarian revolution usually associated with Maoist organizations associated with the Revolutionary Internationalist Movement. Individuals in possession of Communist literature (books, print/electronic media, academic journals, audio, video footage) would be found guilty of treason against the Thai government.
Newspapers and magazines.
The press has also been censored for publishing news damaging to the monarchy. Thai governments have been accused of pressuring the press to limit damaging coverage. 
A 2002 issue of "The Economist" was withheld because it made an "inappropriate" reference to the monarchy.
"Fah Diew Kan", a political and social commentary magazine was prohibited and sellers charged with lèse majesté under the military junta-appointed government of Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont. Defamation and lèse majesté laws are commonly used for censorship and political suppression in Thailand, as is a law prohibiting discussion or criticism of Thai court decisions. Sulak Sivaraksa, perhaps predictably, wrote a review of "The King Never Smiles" in English for his "Seeds of Peace" magazine published by the International Network of Engaged Buddhists in Bangkok.
In 6 August 2005, the "Bangkok Post" published a front-page story on cracks in Suvarnabhumi Airport's western runway. Citing unnamed sources, the article that aviation experts recommended reconstruction to repair large cracks in the runway. A newspaper internal investigation found that while there were small cracks on the shoulders of the runway, its source wrongly claimed experts believed the runway needed reconstruction. The anonymous source, who claimed to be a businessman whose brother was close to some members of the Prime Minister's Thai Rak Thai party, refused to confirm his comments. Chief reporter Sermsuk Kasitipradit and news editor Chadin Thepaval were found to have acted negligently in publishing the story and were fired. Some critics in the newspaper claimed that the source was pressured by the government not to confirm the details of the story.
Also in August 2005, Rungruang Preechakul, editor of "Siam Rath Weekly News" magazine, quit after covering alleged government mishandling of the bird flu crisis.
On 10 March 2006 the then governor of Nakhonratchasima province, Mr. Pongpayome Wasaputi, during a regular scheduled press conference with the local media, asked Frank G. Anderson, founder of the Korat Post newspaper, to "kindly refrain from carrying any more headlines regarding events at Watpa Salawan, because it is like irritating an old sore." The governor was referring to coverage of allegations of sexual impropriety against the temple's abbot Luang Pho Pherm, the latter of whom had a considerable official following.
In 2006, Tongnoi Tongyai, the private secretary to Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn, was about to be appointed to the board of directors of Shin Corporation when his appointment was shot down by the palace. "Post Today", a Thai-language sister paper of the "Bangkok Post", had to pull thousands of copies off the printer after publishing a story quoting a leftist academic asking the press to investigate why Tongnoi was dismissed in such a strange manner. Vajiralongkorn called a group of reporters to the palace, where he reportedly asked them: "Do you have a problem with me?". However, no one spoke.
On 10 February 2010 it was learned that the children of Thaksin Shinawatra will petition the Supreme Court to gag the media on speculation of a pending judgment of the deposed prime minister's assets. Subsequently, popular English-language expatriate forums such as Thai Visa have broadcast warnings that they have been censored and to follow them on Twitter and other social media platforms to receive related news.
Internet.
Thailand is engaged in selective filtering in the social, political, and Internet tools areas, and no evidence of filtering was found in the conflict/security area by the OpenNet Initiative in November 2011.
Thailand is on Reporters Without Borders list of countries Under Surveillance in 2011.
Thailand is listed as "Not Free" in the "Freedom on the Net 2011" report by Freedom House, which cites substantial political censorship and the arrest of bloggers and other online users.
Internet censorship is conducted by the Royal Thai Police, the Communications Authority of Thailand, and the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (MICT).
Prior to the September 2006 military coup d'état most Internet censorship in Thailand was focused on blocking pornographic websites. The following years have seen a constant stream of sometimes violent protests, regional unrest, emergency decrees, a new cybercrimes law, and an updated Internal Security Act. And year by year Internet censorship has grown, with its focus shifting to lèse majesté, national security, and political issues.
Reasons for blocking:
URLs blocked by court order:
It is estimated that tens of thousands of additional URLs are blocked without court orders through informal requests or under the Emergency Decree on Public Administration in Emergency Situations. Estimates put the number of websites blocked at over 110,000 and growing in 2010.
According to the Associated Press, the Computer Crime Act has contributed to a sharp increase in the number of lèse majesté cases tried each year in Thailand. While between 1990 and 2005, roughly five cases were tried in Thai courts each year, since that time about 400 cases have come to trial—a 1,500 percent increase.
Websites are blocked by Uniform Resource Locator (URL) and/or IP address. However, only about 20% of blocked sites are identified by IP address; the remaining 80% are unable to be identified at a specific physical location. If these sites could be identified as being located in Thailand, legal action could be taken against their operators. Thus, lack of IP address is a major oversight.
MICT also blocks indirectly by informally “requesting” the blocking of websites by Thailand's 54 commercial and non-profit Internet Service Providers (ISPs). Although ISPs are not legally required to accede to these “requests”, MICT Permanent Secretary Kraisorn Pornsuthee wrote in 2006 that ISPs who fail to comply will be punitively sanctioned by government in the form of bandwidth restriction or even loss of their operating license. This is a powerful compulsion to comply.
Censorship of the Internet in Thailand is currently for website access only. Thai Internet users are still able to interact with other users using e-mail, Instant Messaging, and Twitter without being censored.
In January 2010, it was reported that as part of the Department of Special Investigations' (DSI) efforts to increase cyber-policing, it had expanded cooperation between ‘government agencies, research agencies and educational institutions’ in building digital forensic resources. DSI has partnered with two Thai universities to train students in assisting government cyber investigations. Despite the many threats to Thailand's cyber-space, even the Deputy Executive Director at the National Electronics and Computer Technology Center (Nectec), Asanee Kawtrakul, acknowledged that most big computer crime cases in the past year involved violations of lèse majesté laws. It is hard to ignore the role academia is being asked to play in cyber-censorship.
Broadcast media.
Television.
In television broadcasts, scenes displaying nudity, consumption of alcohol, smoking, drug usage and weapons pointed at human beings are commonly censored by blurring out respective areas. Like all media, criticism of the King is not allowed.
After the military coup of September 2006, the junta sent tanks and troops to secure all television stations. Junta leaders demanded the censorship of news reports and opinion polls that might be negative to the military. Thai television broadcasters did not air footage of demonstrations against the coup.
Local cable broadcasts of CNN, BBC, CNBC, NHK, and several other foreign news channels were censored, with any footage involving former Premier Thaksin blacked out.
The nine members of board of directors of MCOT, a privatized state-owned media company, resigned on 26 September with effect as of 27 September in order to take responsibility for allowing Thaksin Shinwatra to shortly address the nation on MCOT-controlled Modernine TV (Channel 9). Seven months after the coup, in an edutorial the "Bangkok Post" reported that military censorship of broadcast media was tighter than at any time in the past 15 years.
In November, an interview with Nuamthong Phaiwan, a taxi driver who drove his taxi into a tank to protest the coup was broadcast by iTV. The broadcast came to an abrupt end after the director of Army-owned Channel 5 gave a warning telephone call. Although the station was already occupied by the military, an additional 20 soldiers were dispatched to the station. The junta also sent a letter to the six public TV channels summoning their news editors for instruction on "constructive reporting for peace of the nation."
In November 2006, the military junta canceled the most popular program on MCOT's Modernine TV, Khui Khui Khao. The anti-Thaksin movement, which had recently seized power in a military coup, claimed the program's host, prominent Thai political commentator Sorrayuth Suthassanachinda, was a supporter of the overthrown premier.
Radio.
Radio stations in Thailand must be government licensed and have traditionally been operated primarily by the Government and military. Ownership of radio outlets by government, military, and quasi-government entities have often undermined freedom of the media.
In May 1993, the military shut down an army-owned radio station leased to a private news group for three days after the station ran a commentary critical of the armed forces. In another incident in February 1993, government-run media attempted to protect a prominent Buddhist monk accused of sexual misconduct by prohibiting interviews with another well-known Buddhist on his views about the allegations and declined to air a video documenting the monk's overseas travels.
More recently, in March 2003 the Independent News Network (INN) radio broadcast was temporarily canceled after the network aired a Cabinet member's criticisms of the government. In response to public protests, the Government restored the broadcast and claimed that INN's failure to renew their broadcast license was the reason for the temporary closure.
It was rumored that on 1 February 2006, a business news commentary program "Business Focus" was taken off the air from the FM 101 radio station because it devoted time discussing the Shinawatra family's controversial multi-million dollar share deal with Singapore's Temasek Holdings.
In February 2007, Thai authorities, under a newly elected alleged "Thaksin nominee" government, canceled a popular FM radio program hosted by Fatima Broadcasting because the show's host was a regular critic of the former premier. While officials claim they did not pressure the station's owner, the show's host has published an account indicating otherwise.
Community radio stations – mostly unlicensed – have seen dramatic growth during the Thaksin-government. There have been fears that the medium might be censored. In 2008, there are nearly 4,000 community radio stations operating in Thailand, mostly unlicensed. Community radio stations have been accused of causing interference with television, air traffic radio and other licensed radio stations. However, limited crackdowns on selected community radio stations have caused critics to accuse the government of political interference. The current Constitution of 2007 provides in Article 47 that "community" is guaranteed the right to offer "community broadcast". The new Broadcasting Act of 2008 provides that the broadcasting regulator is authorized to issue "community broadcast" license for station which offer non-commercial service to local audience. The Broadcasting Act of 2008 prohibits the community broadcaster from engaging in commercial activities or undertake any commercial undertaking. As of July 2008, no community broadcast license has been sought or issued.
The National Telecommunications Commission as a temporary regulator/licensor of CR and CTV in Thailand proposed a draft "Provisional License" for CR and CTV in May 2009. During June, NTC subcommittee on Broadcasting went around Thailand to "pre-register" prospective CR operators with the expectation that when the regulation becomes effective in July, the license process will be expedite. The "pre-registration" workshops were held in Bangkok, Chiang Mai, Khonkaen and Songkhla.
Film.
The censorship Board continues to operate on the 1930 Film Act, where theater owners and broadcasters must submit films that they plan to show to the Film Censorship Board for review. The Board is composed of officials representing the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of University Affairs, the military, the Department of Religious Affairs, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The board may ban films if its requirements that portions of the film be removed are not met. Reasons for censoring films include violating moral and cultural norms and disturbing the public order and national security. Theater owners and broadcasters frequently censor films themselves before submitting them to the board.
The Censorship Board initially banned the film "Schindler's List" because of a nude scene. However, after a furor in the press, the Board reversed its decision. According to the office of the Film Censorship Board, of the 230 films submitted for review in 2002, 1 was banned. Out of the 282 films submitted for review in 2003, 4 were banned – 3 South Korean and 1 American. Officers at the censorship board cited sexual situations and nudity as the main reasons for banning the four films.
All versions of the story of Anna Leonowens and King Mongkut (Rama IV) have been banned in Thailand, including the 1956 musical The King and I. More recently, the 1999 movie Anna and the King was also banned for "several scenes that distort history and insult the King", despite the fact that a number of changes were made to the script. Censorship Board member Thepmontri Limpayom castigated the film, saying: "The filmmakers have made King Mongkut look like a cowboy who rides on the back of an elephant as if he is in a cowboy movie. In one scene Chow Yun-fat pushes the king's crown and his portrait down to the floor—that's totally unacceptable." Another board member added: "If we cut all the scenes which we consider mock the monarchy it would only run for about 20 minutes."
More recently, Thai Christian groups protested the film The Da Vinci Code and called for it to be banned. On 16 May 2006, the Thai Censorship Committee issued a ruling that the film would be shown, but that the last 10 minutes would be cut. Also, some Thai subtitles were to be edited to change their meaning and passages from the Bible would also be quoted at the beginning and end of the film. However, the following day, Sony Pictures appealed the ruling, saying it would pull the film if the decision to cut it was not reversed. The censorship panel then voted 6–5 that the film could be shown uncut, but that a disclaimer would precede and follow the film, saying it was a work of fiction.
After controversy surrounded Apichatpong Weerasethakul's film "Syndromes and a Century", the Free Thai Cinema Movement started to gain momentum in late April 2007. As a reaction to an unfavorable trip to the Censorship Board, which would not approve release in Thailand without specific cuts to be administered by the board, Apichatpong decided to cancel local release of the film. The censors, fearing that Apichatpong might show his film anyway, refused to return his print. These actions sparked a far-reaching discussion and a petition signed by artists and scholars alike and submitted to the legislative assembly of the Thai government.
As of 2007, the National Legislative Assembly was considering a proposed film ratings system, which is viewed by the film industry as even more restrictive, because in addition to a motion picture ratings system, the Board of Censors would remain in place, and would retain the power to cut or ban films.
Also under Thai law, any film mentioning prostitution or not depicting Buddhism with absolute reverence is subject to censorship.
Foreign films shot in Thailand.
All foreign companies have to apply for shooting permission to the Film Board of Thailand. Some topics will be rejected if the script is judged inappropriate. The Film Board checks to see that the script, plot, and other details are as agreed to by the Board.
Individual speech.
Although freedom of speech was guaranteed by the 1997 Constitution, it was limited by several laws. The King may not be spoken ill of and lèse majesté laws are in force. In 1986, Deputy Interior Minister Veera Musikapong was convicted, imprisoned, and banned from politics for a campaign speech in which he noted that if he were born the Crown Prince, he "would be drinking whiskey instead of standing here getting pains in my knees."
The judgment of Thai courts may not be criticized. After a controversial ruling in July 2006 in which the Criminal Court jailed three Election Commissioners, the court worked with the police to identify 16 individuals who were captured on TV news footage criticizing the judgement. The Court later found all the individuals guilty and gave jail terms to 4 of them. The maximum jail sentence for the offense is seven years.
Furthermore, the use of defamation laws was frequently used to silence dissidents during the Thaksin administration, often by the Prime Minister himself. This led to a backlog in the courts of defamation suits and counter suits.
Self-censorship.
Self-censorship has a long tradition in Thailand. It is used mostly out of fears of charges of lèse majesté.
Former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has been repeatedly accused of using his political and economic power to silence dissenting voices and curbing freedom of speech based on the fact that he has direct authority over the state-owned TV stations while his family controls the other broadcast TV channels. However, responding to critics, he sold all of his family's interests in the broadcast media in 2006.
The allegations range from the frequent use of libel suits against critics to coercion into self-censorship. Self-censorship has been used as an excuse for the central government or administrative branch to interfere in people's communication sphere. Noted however, that all the radio and television stations in Thailand belong to government or government agencies.
In 2003, the Thai Journalists Association (TJA) rapped the spread of self-censorship as well as the "sophisticated and subversive means" used by the authorities to control the media, fearing it could turn into propaganda mouthpieces of the Thaksin government. On the occasion of the World Press Freedom Day 2006, the TJA's labeled the situation of press freedom in Thailand as an "era of fear and hatred".
Channel 3 (Thailand) published a very short statement saying that the drama series "Nua Mek" that involves corrupt politicians, a fictitious prime minister and his crooked deputy, and that was due to show the finale of the second season on Friday, 11 January 2013, was deemed "inappropriate" and another drama series would be aired instead. Warathep Rattanakorn, the Minister of the Office of the Prime Minister responsible for overseeing all state media, insists that there wasn’t any interference from the government or MCOT (the Mass Communications Organisation of Thailand, which issued the concession to privately owned Channel 3.)
Libel suits.
The threat of libel suits has long been used to silence government critics.
The government of Thaksin Shinawatra has filed numerous libel suits against government critics, in what the International Federation of Journalists (IFJ) called "Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra's continued use of criminal defamation charges to silence media criticism of his government", while Brad Adams, executive director of Human Rights Watch's Asia Division, noted that "it's impossible to distinguish a libel suit from an attempt to silence the prime minister's critics. Thailand's once-vigorous free press is being slowly squeezed to death."
Prominent libel suits filed by Thaksin in this context include:
The suit by Shin Corporation (at the time owned by Thaksin's family) against Supinya Klangnarong, Secretary General of the Campaign for Popular Media Reform.
In an article, published in July 2003 in the Thai Post, Supinya had indicated the rise in the Shin Corporation's profits since Thaksin's Thai Rak Thai party had gained power in 2001 (approximately $US 980mn), might be a result of benefits to Shin Corp from the government's policies, which would amount to a conflict of interest . The charges were dropped in March 2006 after Supinya received considerable Thai and international support and her case became a cause celebre for free speech and media freedom. Thus far, has not launched a countersuit for damages against the embattled PM-in-exile.
On 4 April 2006, People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD) leader and fierce Thaksin critic Sondhi Limthongkul was sued by Thaksin for allegedly slandering him during an anti-Thaksin rally. In total, Sondhi has around 40 complaints lodged against him.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="5919002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919002" title="WYLE (TV)">
WYLE (TV)

WYLE was a commercial television station in Florence, Alabama, broadcasting locally on UHF channel 26. The station was founded January 11, 1982 and went silent on February 8, 2007 due to financial difficulties. ETC Communications Inc.'s license to operate the station was canceled by the Federal Communications Commission on March 12, 2009 due to failure to transmit for a period of twelve consecutive months.
History.
The FCC granted a construction permit to Alabama Management Company on January 11, 1982, to build a full-service television station to serve Florence, Alabama on UHF channel 26. Originally given the call sign WTUK, it changed to WTRT in December 1985. On April 19, 1986, the station began broadcasting and was licensed November 24, 1986. Alabama Management Company sold the station to Bridgerland Television on December 1, 1988. 
By 1993, the station was in financial trouble. ETC Communications Inc. bought the station out of bankruptcy on June 11, 1993 and changed its call sign to WYLE two weeks later, but being a small operation, ETC Communications was never able to steer the station away from financial danger. For a brief time in the mid '90s, it became an affiliate of The WB Television Network. WYLE was granted a permit to build digital television facilities on UHF channel 20 on December 11, 2001, but was forced to seek several extensions of its permit due to financial hardship and inability to secure financing. The digital facilities were never built. 
In 2005, the combination of losing their primary prime-time programming and the death of Lester White, president and CEO of ETC Communications, left the station in severe financial distress, and it was forced to go silent February 8, 2007. 
Unable to find an out-of-market buyer, ETC Communications sought to sell the station to the owners of WHDF, seeking a waiver of the rule which prohibited duopolies in a market with fewer than eight owners. The FCC denied the waiver. Despite broadcasting a 24-hour test signal beginning February 3, 2008, to avoid being silent for twelve consecutive months, the FCC ruled that the test signal was insufficient, and canceled the station's license and all outstanding applications and permits on March 12, 2009. The loss of license and the fact WYLE never put out a digital signal on Channel 20, is the reason WHNT was allowed to move its digital broadcasts back to Channel 19 after the analog shutdown.

</doc>
<doc id="5919004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919004" title="Janie Runaway">
Janie Runaway

"Janie Runaway" is the fourth single from Steely Dan's 2000 album "Two Against Nature".
-Credits-

</doc>
<doc id="5919008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919008" title="Shandon">
Shandon

Shandon can refer to some place names:

</doc>
<doc id="5919012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919012" title="First Love Last Rites">
First Love Last Rites

First Love Last Rites is the third album by Cock Robin and was released in 1989.
Track listing.
All songs by Peter Kingsbery except "For Experience Sake" (Peter Kingsbery/Anna LaCazio)
It was the band's final album before their (temporary) split which lasted from 1990 to 2006. It proved to be their least successful album of the first half of their career.
Misc.
Produced by Rhett Davies
Singles:
The CD sleeve features the poem "It's Ours" by Charles Bukowski, an excerpt from "You Get So Alone at Times It Just Makes Sense" (1986).

</doc>
<doc id="5919034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919034" title="Dax Riders">
Dax Riders

Dax Riders is a French techno/synth-funk band founded in 1994 by Oliver Dax (also known as "Daxman") and Cédric Azencoth ("Bad Ced"). In 1998, the duo became a trio, when Nicolas Berger Vachon ("Erman") joined them after a successful joint concert tour as the lead singer and keyboardist. Dax Riders are considered a part of the French house movement.

</doc>
<doc id="5919037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919037" title="Biddle Street, Yatton">
Biddle Street, Yatton

Biddle Street, Yatton () is a 44.8 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) near the village of Yatton in North Somerset, notified in 1994.
Management practices and the variation in the soils has resulted in the watercourses supporting a wide range of aquatic plant
communities. Where open water occurs plants such as Common Water-starwort "(Callitriche stagnalis)", European Frogbit "(Hydrocharis morsusranae)", Fan-leaved Water-crowfoot "(Ranunculus circinatus)". The calcareous influence of the
underlying Compton soils also encourages Whorled Water-milfoil "(Myriophyllum verticillatum)" and Stonewort "(Chara sp)". Also present are the nationally scarce Rootless Duckweed "(Wolffia arrhiza)" and Hairlike Pondweed "(Potamogeton trichoides)".
A rich invertebrate fauna is also associated with the rhynes and ditches including aquatic beetles including populations of two
nationally rare species, "Hydacticus transversalis" and Britain's largest water beetle, the Great Silver Water Beetle "(Hydrophilus piceus)". A number of dragonflies and damselflies are also found in the watercourses including the nationally scarce Variable Damselfly "(Coenagrion pulchellum)". Strong populations of the Common Freshwater Mussel occur as does the nationally rare Pea Mussel "(Pisidium pseudosphaerium)".

</doc>
<doc id="5919042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919042" title="Frank Sulloway">
Frank Sulloway

Frank J. Sulloway (born 1947) is a visiting Scholar in the Institute of Personality and Social Research at the University of California, Berkeley, and a Visiting Professor in the Department of Psychology.
He graduated from Harvard College "summa cum laude", and with a Ph.D. in the history of science. 
He was a visiting scholar at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="5919048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919048" title="Liu Dong">
Liu Dong

Liu Dong (; born 24 December 1973 in Jinzhou) is a retired Chinese middle-distance runner. She holds the current Asian record over 800 metres with 1:55.54 minutes. She set that record while winning at the 7th Chinese National Games. Her personal best over 1500 metres was 3:56.31 minutes. She was trained from 1991 to 1993 by the famous Ma Junren in the Liaoning Province.
She is married with Spanish coach Luis Miguel Landa and currently lives in Spain. She competed at the 2014 Cross della Vallagarina and placed 15th.

</doc>
<doc id="5919049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5919049" title="N73">
N73

N73 may refer to:

</doc>
