<doc id="5893610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893610" title="1992 PBA season">
1992 PBA season

The 1992 PBA season was the 18th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="5893613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893613" title="Colin Matthew">
Colin Matthew

Henry Colin Gray Matthew (15 January 1941 – 29 October 1999), an historian, was an editor of the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography" and editor of the diaries of William Ewart Gladstone.
He was born in Inverness and educated at Edinburgh Academy and later at the English public school, Sedbergh, before proceeding to Christ Church in the University of Oxford in 1960 to read modern history. He graduated in 1963 and then moved to work as a teacher in East Africa, where he met his wife Sue Ann Curry (born 1941). They moved to Oxford in 1966, where they married, and Matthew began first an uncompleted diploma in politics and economics, and then a doctorate on the imperial wing of the Liberal Party in the 1890s and 1900s, completed in 1970.
In 1970 he was appointed lecturer in Gladstone studies at Christ Church, a post tied to the assistant editorship of the Gladstone Diaries, then being prepared for publication by M. R. D. Foot. In 1972 Matthew succeeded Foot as sole editor, and completed the project. In 1978 he was elected fellow and tutor in modern history at St Hugh's College, Oxford.
When Oxford University Press proposed a revision of the "Dictionary of National Biography" in the early 1990s Matthew's work on the Gladstone Diaries recommended him for the position. He began work in 1992 and devised the editorial structure and guidelines for the dictionary, as well as writing or revising several hundred articles for the work. He died from a heart attack in Oxford on 29 October 1999, but the dictionary was published in 2004 along the plan which Matthew had set out.

</doc>
<doc id="5893639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893639" title="Cris Judd">
Cris Judd

Cristan Leenon "Cris" Judd (born August 15, 1969) is an American actor and choreographer known for his brief marriage to Jennifer Lopez. He hails from Abilene, Texas.
Early years.
Before Hollywood, Judd spent his early years growing up on Air Force bases in Angeles City in the Philippines and Hawaii. His mother is Filipina, his father Larry is Portuguese. The Air Force then moved his family to Niceville, Florida, where he attended Niceville High School. While in Florida, Judd, an avid athlete, spent a lot of time surfing and golfing. With a golf handicap of four, he even considered going pro after graduation, but instead decided to go to college. While in college, he landed his first job at Disney World with friend and colleague, Wayne Brady.
Dance career.
At age 21, Judd became interested in dance. Within a year, he switched jobs and began dancing professionally with Disney. He was hired to dance with Michael Jackson for the 1995 MTV Video Music Awards and then danced with Jackson on the HIStory Tour, eventually becoming lead dancer for the tour. In 1999, he performed at the Billboard Music Awards with Celine Dion, the MTV Music Awards with N'SYNC, and in 2000 at the American Music Awards with Enrique Iglesias and Brian McKnight, and for "Best Song" nominee "That Thing You Do" at the 69th Annual Academy Awards. Judd also teamed up for the first time with choreographer Eddie Garcia, a collaboration that continues to this day, to choreograph the 2000 Tour for Jordan Knight.
choreographed numerous music videos including "My Way" for Usher, "Jump, Jive, & Wail" for the Brian Setzer Orchestra, "If I Could Go" for Angie Martinez and "Tango" for Julio Iglesias. He also directed the music video, "Ain't It Funny-Remix", with Ja Rule. Judd then became creative director for Handprint Entertainment, overseeing a $5 million budget and delivering then wife, Jennifer Lopez's NBC concert special "Let's Get Loud (DVD)", which was filmed at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Appeared as a back-up dancer for ex-wife, Jennifer Lopez's music videos "Love Don't Cost a Thing", "Play", and "I'm Real", and appeared in her "I'm Gonna Be Alright" video.
Judd and his former business partner Eddie Garcia produced an interactive dance DVD released in summer 2005, and has prepared the Midnight Fantasy musical for the Luxor Resort in Las Vegas.
In 2009, Judd took part in the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards opening dance tribute to the late King of Pop, and former mentor Michael Jackson. Judd took part in the dance performance of "Scream", the duet number between Michael, and Michael's sister Janet Jackson, where Janet danced alongside Judd, and other famous dance choreographers like Travis Payne, Tina Landon, Brian Friedman, and Wade Robson whom all worked with both Michael, and Janet Jackson. Dance performance included Laurie Ann Gibson and Tyce Diorio.
Acting.
Judd guest-starred on "Unfabulous" with Emma Roberts, has appeared on "Eve", "Half and Half", and "Everybody Loves Raymond", and in "Bringing Down the House" where he also served as choreographer for Steve Martin's dance scenes.
Judd recently finished filming the role of Elliot in "Goyband".
Reality television.
His television debut was on the first season of the American series of "I'm a Celebrity - Get Me Out of Here". He beat out all the other contestants, earning $200,000 for the Make-a-Wish Foundation when he was crowned "King of the Jungle" in a viewer vote.
In 2006, he hosted the reality version of "Dirty Dancing", and in 2008 was a judge on Lifetime's "Your Mama Don't Dance".
In 2008 he appeared in an episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians as a choreographer/friend of Kris Jenner.
In 2009 he appeared on the reality TV series Bad Girls Club where he choreographed their opening dance performance for FANTASY, an adult dance revue at the Luxor hotel.
In 2012, he appeared in "The Real Housewives of New Jersey", as a choreographer hired by Melissa Gorga.
In 2013 he was announced as one of the judges in the third series of "New Zealand's Got Talent".
Personal life.
He met his ex-wife Jennifer Lopez in Spain in Fall 2000 when he was hired to direct her music video for "Love Don't Cost a Thing". They were married on September 29, 2001. The marriage ended in June 2002. He also composed Jennifer Lopez's song, "Alive", which was selected as the theme song for the movie "Enough".
Judd married Kelly A. Wolfe in Laguna Beach, California in November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="5893649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893649" title="Share repurchase">
Share repurchase

Share repurchase (or stock buyback) is the reacquisition by a company of its own stock. In some countries, including the US and the UK, a corporation can repurchase its own stock by distributing cash to existing shareholders in exchange for a fraction of the company's outstanding equity; that is, cash is exchanged for a reduction in the number of shares outstanding. The company either retires the repurchased shares or keeps them as treasury stock, available for re-issuance.
Under US corporate law there are five primary methods of stock repurchase: open market, private negotiations, repurchase 'put' rights and two variants of self-tender repurchase: a fixed price tender offer and a Dutch auction. In the late 20th and early 21st centuries, there was a sharp rise in the volume of share repurchases in the US: US$5 billion in 1980 rose to US$349 billion in 2005.
It is relatively easy for insiders to capture insider-trading like gains through the use of "open market repurchases". Such transactions are legal and generally encouraged by regulators through safe-harbours against insider trading liability.
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rule 10b-18 sets requirements for stock repurchase in the United States.
Purpose.
Companies typically have two uses for profits. Firstly, some part of profits can be distributed to shareholders in the form of dividends or stock repurchases. The remainder, termed shareholders' equity, are kept inside the company and used for investing in the future of the company, if profitable ventures for reinvestment of retained earnings can be identified. However, sometimes companies may find that some or all of their retained earnings cannot be reinvested to produce acceptable returns.
Share repurchases are an alternative to dividends. When a company repurchases its own shares, it reduces the number of shares held by the public. The reduction of the float, or publicly traded shares, means that even if profits remain the same, the earnings per share increase. Repurchasing shares when a company's share price is undervalued benefits non-selling shareholders (frequently insiders) and extracts value from shareholders who sell. There is strong evidence that companies are able to profitably repurchase shares when the company is widely held by retail investors who are unsophisticated (e.g., small investors) and more likely to sell their shares to the company when those shares are undervalued. By contrast, when the company is held primarily by insiders and institutional investors, who are more sophisticated, it is harder for companies to profitably repurchase shares. Companies can also more readily repurchase shares at a profit when the stock is liquidly traded and the companies' activity is less likely to move the share price.
Financial markets are unable to accurately gauge the meaning of repurchase announcements, because companies will often announce repurchases and then fail to complete them. Repurchase completion rates increased after companies were required to retroactively disclose their repurchase activity, the result of an effort to reduce the perceived or potential exploitation of public investors. Normally, investors have more of an adverse reaction to dividend cuts than postponing or even abandoning the share buyback program. So, rather than pay out larger dividends during periods of excess profitability then having to reduce them during leaner times, companies prefer to pay out a conservative portion of their earnings, perhaps half, with the aim of maintaining an acceptable level of "dividend cover". Some evidence of this phenomenon for United States firms is provided by Alok Bhargava who found that higher dividend payments lower share repurchases though the converse is not true (Bhargava, 2010).
Aside from paying out free cash flow, repurchases may also be used to signal and/or take advantage of undervaluation. If a firm's manager believes their firm's stock is currently trading below its intrinsic value they may consider repurchases. An open market repurchase, whereby no premium is paid on top of current market price, offers a potentially profitable investment for the manager. That is, they may repurchase the currently undervalued shares, wait for the market to correct the undervaluation whereby prices increase to the intrinsic value of the equity, and re issue them at a profit. Alternatively, they may undertake a fixed price tender offer, whereby a premium is often offered over current market price, sending a strong signal to the market that he believes the firms equity is undervalued, proven by the fact that he is willing to pay above market price to repurchase the shares.
Company executive compensation is often affected by share buybacks. Part of their rewards may be tied to their ability to meet earnings per share targets. Moreover all share buybacks enhance the value of promised shares in their share incentive schemes. Bhargava (2013) reports that stock options exercised by top executives increase future share repurchases by US firms. Higher share repurchases, in turn, significantly lowered the research and development expenditures that are important for raising productivity. Further, increasing earnings per share does not equate to increases in shareholder value. This investment ratio is influenced by accounting policy choices and fails to take into account the cost of capital and future cash flows which are the determinants of shareholder value.
Safeguards should be in place to ensure that decisions about share buybacks are not motivated by their effect on executive or managerial reward. Earnings per share targets need adjusting to take out the financial leveraging effect of the buyback and similarly share incentive schemes need adjusting to neutralize unwarranted enhancement.
Share repurchases avoid the accumulation of excessive amounts of cash in the corporation. Companies with strong cash generation and limited needs for capital spending will accumulate cash on the balance sheet, which makes the company a more attractive target for takeover, since the cash can be used to pay down the debt incurred to carry out the acquisition. Anti-takeover strategies, therefore, often include maintaining a lean cash position and share repurchases bolster the stock price, making a takeover more expensive.
Tax-efficient distribution of earnings.
Share repurchases also allow companies to covertly distribute their earnings to investors without inflicting them with taxation. For example, if a company were to pay US$100,000 in dividends on one million shares or as 10¢ dividend per share, investors may incur tax upon this disbursement. This means that instead of receiving 10¢ of earnings per share, they receive 8.5¢ (.10×(1 − .15)) at a 15% tax rate with 1.5¢ going to the government. An investor with 10 shares will receive 85¢. As the company has to pay out this money the share price drops accordingly, from US$10 to US$9.90, so the investor with 10 shares now has; US$99 + 85¢ dividend, or US$99.85. Of course, the market will not necessarily respond to a dividend payment by selling off shares and reducing share price; while the payment of the dividend technically reduces the company's book value, the ability and willingness to pay a dividend is often seen positively, and the share price may even increase.
Compare this with spending US$100,000 buying back shares. This will remove 10,000 shares from the market, leaving 990,000 shares at $10 each ((US$10,000,000 − US$100,000)/990,000 = US$10). Now, the investor with 10 shares still has US$100, and the government receives no immediate tax revenue. Ultimately, there should be no net change in investor wealth assuming a fully equity financed business. This disparity assumes there is no capital gains tax for the selling share holders.
Methods.
Open-market.
The most common share repurchase method in the US is the open-market stock repurchase, representing almost 75% of all repurchases. A firm will announce that it will repurchase some shares in the open market from time to time as market conditions dictate and maintains the option of deciding whether, when, and how much to repurchase. Open-market repurchases can span months or even years. There are, however, daily buy-back limits which restrict the amount of stock that can be bought over a particular time interval again ranging from months to even years. Per SEC Rule 10b-18, The issuer can't purchase more than 25% of the average daily volume.
Open-market stock repurchases which greatly add to the long term demand for shares in the market are likely to affect prices as long as the repurchase operations continue. For example AstraZeneca Plc embarked on an $11Bn share repurchase in 2011 & 2012 in a market which they estimated had an annual turnover of $30Bn, when excluding short term share transactions. AstraZeneca claimed at the 2013 AGM that their open market interventions would not have temporary price effects whilst the interventions continued,but offered no evidence.
Fixed price tender.
Prior to 1981, all tender offer repurchases were executed using a fixed price tender offer. This offer specifies in advance a single purchase price, the number of shares sought, and the duration of the offer, with public disclosure required. The offer may be made conditional upon receiving tenders of a minimum number of shares, and it may permit withdrawal of tendered shares prior to the offer's expiration date. Shareholders decide whether or not to participate, and if so, the number of shares to tender to the firm at the specified price. Frequently, officers and directors are precluded from participating in the tender offer. If the number of shares tendered exceeds the number sought, then the company purchases less than all shares tendered at the purchase price on a pro rata basis to all who tendered at the purchase price. If the number of shares tendered is below the number sought, the company may choose to extend the offer’s expiration date.
Dutch auction.
The introduction of the Dutch auction share repurchase in 1981 allows an alternative form of tender offer. A Dutch auction offer specifies a price range within which the shares will ultimately be purchased. Shareholders are invited to tender their stock, if they desire, at any price within the stated range. The firm then compiles these responses, creating a demand curve for the stock. The purchase price is the lowest price that allows the firm to buy the number of shares sought in the offer, and the firm pays that price to all investors who tendered at or below that price. If the number of shares tendered exceeds the number sought, then the company purchases less than all shares tendered at or below the purchase price on a pro rata basis to all who tendered at or below the purchase price. If too few shares are tendered, then the firm either cancels the offer (provided it had been made conditional on a minimum acceptance), or it buys back all tendered shares at the maximum price.
The first firm to utilize the Dutch auction was Todd Shipyards in 1981.
Types.
Selective buy-backs.
In broad terms, a selective buy-back is one in which identical offers are not made to every shareholder, for example, if offers are made to only some of the shareholders in the company. In the US, no special shareholder approval of a selective buy-back is required. In the UK, the scheme must first be approved by all shareholders, or by a special resolution (requiring a 75% majority) of the members in which no vote is cast by selling shareholders or their associates. Selling shareholders may not vote in favor of a special resolution to approve a selective buy-back. The notice to shareholders convening the meeting to vote on a selective buy-back must include a statement setting out all material information that is relevant to the proposal, although it is not necessary for the company to provide information already disclosed to the shareholders, if that would be unreasonable.
Other types.
A company may also buy back shares held by or for employees or salaried directors of the company or a related company. This type of buy-back, referred to as an "employee share scheme buy-back", requires an ordinary resolution. A listed company may also buy back its shares in on-market trading on the stock exchange, following the passing of an ordinary resolution if over the 10/12 limit. The stock exchange's rules apply to "on-market buy-backs". A listed company may also buy unmarketable parcels of shares from shareholders (called a "minimum holding buy-back"). This does not require a resolution but the purchased shares must still be cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="5893653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893653" title="Myrmica tschekanovskii">
Myrmica tschekanovskii

Myrmica tschekanovskii is a species of ant, one of around 200 known species of the genus "Myrmica" which is widespread throughout the temperate regions of the Holarctic. It was first described in 1994 by Dr Alexander Radchenko, of the Schmalhausen Institute of Zoology in Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="5893661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893661" title="Remi Kabaka">
Remi Kabaka

Remi Kabaka is a Nigerian drummer who has performed with The Rolling Stones, Ginger Baker, Steve Winwood, John Martyn, Hugh Masekela, on "Rhythm of the Saints" by Paul Simon, "Short Cut Draw Blood" by Jim Capaldi and on "Band on the Run" by Paul McCartney. His London-based son, also called Remi Kabaka (Jr.), provided the voice of Russel Hobbs in the virtual band Gorillaz and is a producer in the Damon Albarn-led DRC Music collective and plays percussion in Bobby Womack's Bravest Band.

</doc>
<doc id="5893673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893673" title="Dwarakish">
Dwarakish

Bungle Shama Rao Dwarakanath, better known as Dwarakish () (born 19 August 1942), is an actor, director and producer in the Kannada film industry. He was given the name Dwarakish by the well known Kannada film maker C.V. Shivashankar. 
Early life.
Dwarakish was born on 19 August 1942 to Bungle Shama Rao and Jayamma in Hunsur. He grew up in Ittigegud, Mysore. He received his primary education in Sharada Vilas and Banumaiah's school, and he graduated from CPC Polytechnic with a Diploma in Mechanical Engineering. After completing his education, Dwarakish and his brother started an automotive spare parts business called "Bharath Auto Spares". You can still see this shop in Gandhi Square, Mysore. He was strongly attracted to acting and often asked his maternal uncle, a famous cinema director Hunusur Krishnamurthy, to give him a chance to act in movies. In 1963, he decided to quit business and start acting in movies. 
Film career.
In 1966, Dwarakish produced his first film "Mamateya Bandhana". In 1969, he independently produced "Mayor Muthanna", under the banner of "Dwaraka Films". Rajkumar and Bharathi played the lead roles in this movie. This movie was a great hit. After "Mayor Muthanna", Dwarakish gave a series of box office successes to Kannada cinema, one after the other for the next two decades. He became the king of Kannada cinema producers. 
Director.
From the year 1985, Dwarakish started "directing" movies, his first movie as a director was "Nee Bareda Kadambari". He went on to direct movies for other producers. Behind the camera, Dwarakish was very successful. As a director, he created movies such as "Dance Raja Dance", "Nee Bareda Kadambari", ""Shruthi", "Shruthi Haakidha Hejje", "Rayaru Bandaru Mavana Manege" and "KilaadigaLu"
Dwarakish Chitra faced problems after the failure of some movies. With huge losses from box office failures, Dwarakish was written off by his own colleagues and the entire film industry. On Udaya TV, he lamented that he had lost around 32 crores of rupees. Despite failures Dwarakish did not despair. He continued to make movies introducing new faces to Kannada cinema. 
As a producer, he has brought many new people to the cinema. Not only actors and actresses—he has given opportunities to new directors and other technicians. They all consider him to be their "Godfather". The support of these people, and his unwavering dedication to cinema, gave Dwarakish his long awaited moment of success. Dwarakish produced "ApthaMitra" in the year 2004. Apthamitra was a magnificent success. Dwarakish was the first producer to offer Rajanikanth an amount of 24 lakhs of rupees for a Tamil film in 1984. He has been instrumental in the careers of great actors like Vishnu Vardhan, Manjula, and Srinath.. With this success the 'King of Kannada Cinema Producers', Dwarakish, regained his throne in 2005.
Actor.
As an actor, he was often typecast as a comedian. But some of his movies were comic action movies, also starring the actor Vishnuvardhan. He is popularly called 'Kulla' (meaning a short man) in Kannada. He was the first producer to shoot a Kannada film outside India. The film was "Singapoorinalli Raja Kulla". It was a milestone in the history of Kannada cinema. He has in total produced 49 Kannada films and acted in more than 300 films. He has many firsts to his credit. 
He was the first Kannada producer to bring Kishore Kumar to the Kannada film Industry and the song "Aadu Aata Aadu" became extremely popular.
Records and Awards.
"Apthamitra" created records in Kannada Cinema. It was the

</doc>
<doc id="5893690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893690" title="Nehru Institute of Mountaineering">
Nehru Institute of Mountaineering

The Nehru Institute of Mountaineering (NIM) is rated as one of the best mountaineering institutes in India and also considered a prestigious mountaineering institute in Asia. The aim of the Institute is to introduce and initiate young men, women and school children to the mountains and nature through its various Mountaineering and Adventure courses. Emphasis is laid on instilling the concept of Adventure and following conventional environmental guidelines to ensure environmental awareness and conservationNIM was established at Uttarkashi on 14th Nov 1965 to honor the great desire of Pt. Jawahar Lal Nehru, the first Prime Minister of India, who was an ardent mountain lover.
The proposal to have a mountaineering Institute at Uttarkashi was mooted by the Ministry of Defence, Government of India and the Government of Uttar Pradesh in 1964. Uttarkashi was specially selected as the home of NIM, primarily because of its close proximity to the Gangotri region in western garhwal, which undoubtedly has the best climbing and training potential in India and perhaps in the world. Perched beautifully on the turtle back hill across the east bank of river Bhagirathi, the Institute overlooks the sacred town of Uttarkashi and the confluence of Indravati with the Bhagirathi. In a historic development in November 2001, with the newly formed State of "Uttaranchal" (now Uttarakhand) coming into existence, the Chief Minister of Uttarakhand became the Vice President of the Institute.
The Institute was fortunate to receive patronage at the highest level at its inception from the Government of India and the government of Uttar Pradesh and now the Government of Uttarakhand. The found fathers in Shri Y. B. Chauhan, then the Hon’ble Defence Minister of India and founder President NIM
and Smt Sucheta Kriplani then the Hon’ble Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh and founder Vice Prisident NIM, gave their unstinting support to the Institute. Brigadier Gyan Singh the first Principal of NIM with his wide experience gave a very strong footing to the Institute and nurtured it through its formative years, Late Shri H C Sarin, who was secretary of NIM for 22 long years, ensured that the Institute had all the bureaucratic support and the where with all for a premier national Institute.
The Institute took shape in 1965 at the Provincial Armed Constabulary Campus at Gyansu on the north bank of the river Bhagirathi. The present location, about 5 km away across the Bhagitrathi River, was selected in 1970 by a team comprising Late Shri Harish Sarin (then Secretary), Captain M.S.Kohli and the architect, Mr. Rahman and NIM moved to its new location in 1974. It is now located at 4300 AMSL in the Ladari Reserve Forest, amidst a dense pine forest, overlooking the sacred river and the valley of gods. It has a sprawling campus, spread over almost seven hectares of prime forest land. In 2001, Tekla Rocks an area of almost 3.5 hectares of Rock and boulders, area was added to the real estate of the Institute. The campus is extremely well laid out and excellently maintained. It offers its trainees a wide number of services catering to their ideal physical and mental development. The sylvan surroundings of the Institute and the exquisite natural surrounding have made NIM the Sanctum Sanctorum of all mountain and nature lovers.
The Institute is headed by a Principal who is handpicked officer by the Ministry of Defence. It has Training and an Administrative wing. The Training Wing consists of the Vice Principal, the Medical Officer, the intrepid NIM instructional and Kitchen staff. The Administrative Wing which deals with account, rations and equipment are looked after by the Registrar and the Equipment Officer, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="5893703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893703" title="1993 PBA season">
1993 PBA season

The 1993 PBA season was the 19th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5893704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893704" title="Louise Welsh">
Louise Welsh

Louise Welsh (London, 1 February 1965) is an author of short stories and psychological thrillers. She is based in Glasgow, Scotland.
Welsh studied History at Glasgow University and traded in second-hand books for several years before publishing her first novel.
Louise Welsh's debut novel "The Cutting Room" (2002) was nominated for several literary awards including the 2003 Orange Prize for Fiction. It won the Crime Writers' Association Creasey Dagger for the best first crime novel. Welsh's second major work, the novella "Tamburlaine Must Die" (2004), fictionally recounts the last few days in the life of 16th-century English dramatist and poet Christopher Marlowe, author of "Tamburlaine the Great". Her third novel, "The Bullet Trick" (2006), is set in Berlin, London and Glasgow and narrated from the perspective of magician and conjurer William Wilson. Her fourth novel, "Naming the Bones", was published by Canongate Books in March 2010. Her fifth novel, " The Girl on the Stairs" is a psychological thriller set in Berlin, and was released in August 2012 by Hodder & Stoughton. Her sixth novel, "A Lovely Way to Burn" will be released in March 2014 by Hodder & Stoughton.
In 2009, she donated the short story "The Night Highway" to Oxfam's Ox-Tales project, four collections of UK stories written by 38 authors. Her story was published in the 'Air' collection.
As of December 2010, she is the Writer in Residence at Glasgow University and Glasgow School of Art.
She lives with the writer, Zoe Strachan.

</doc>
<doc id="5893705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893705" title="Emily Arnold McCully">
Emily Arnold McCully

Emily Arnold McCully (born July 1, 1939) is an American writer and illustrator who is best known for children's books. She won the annual Caldecott Medal for U.S. picture book illustration in 1993, recognizing "Mirette on the High Wire" which she also wrote.
Emily Arnold was born in Galesburg, Illinois, but grew up in Garden City, New York. She attended Pembroke College, now a part of Brown University, and earned an M.A. in Art History from Columbia University. At Brown she acted in the inaugural evening of Production Workshop and other plays, co-wrote the annual musical, Brownbrokers, and earned a Phi Beta Kappa key.
In 1976, she published a short story in "The Massachusetts Review". It was selected for the "O'Henry Collection: Best Short Stories of the Year". Two novels followed: "A Craving" in 1982, and "Life Drawing" in 1986. In 2012, McCully published "Ballerina Swan" with Holiday House Books for Young People, written by legendary prima ballerina Allegra Kent. It has received rave reviews from "The New York Times", "Kirkus Reviews", and "School Library Journal".
As an actor, she performed in Equity productions of Elizabeth Diggs’ "Saint Florence" at Capital Rep in Albany and The Vineyard Theater in New York City.
Among other awards and honors, McCully has received a Christopher Award for "Picnic", the Caldecott Medal for "Mirette on the High Wire", the Jane Addams Award, the Giverney Award, and an honorary doctorate from Brown University.

</doc>
<doc id="5893706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893706" title="Sonny Jackson">
Sonny Jackson

Roland Thomas "Sonny" Jackson (born July 9, 1944 in Washington, D.C.) is a former shortstop and outfielder for the Houston Colt .45's/Houston Astros (1963–67) and Atlanta Braves (1968–74).
Jackson led the National League in singles (160) and sacrifice hits (27) in 1966. He helped the Braves win the NL Western Division in 1969.
In 12 seasons he played in 936 games and had 3,055 at bats, 396 runs, 767 hits, 81 doubles, 28 triples, 7 home runs, 162 RBI, 126 stolen bases, 250 walks, .251 batting average, .308 on-base percentage, .303 slugging percentage, 925 total bases, 57 sacrifice hits, 17 sacrifice flies and 11 intentional walks.
Jackson's best year at the plate came in his "rookie" season of 1966. Although he had played in the "Big Leagues" for parts of seasons before, Jackson qualified as a "rookie" in 1966. He had a .292 batting average and three home runs in 596 trips to the plate. The same year he stole 49 bases. This was a record for a rookie.
After his playing days, Jackson continued to be active in baseball. He was a coach and manager for several minor league teams in the Atlanta Braves and San Francisco Giants organization and a coach with the Giants major league team.He is also married to Corliss Jackson,who has one son, Craig Turner and three grandchildren: Edward, Steven, and Victoria Turner.

</doc>
<doc id="5893709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893709" title="USS Catoctin (AGC-5)">
USS Catoctin (AGC-5)

USS "Catoctin" (AGC-5) was an "Appalachian"-class amphibious force flagship in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Catoctin Mountain.
Commissioning and 1944.
"Catocin" was launched as SS "Mary Whitridge" 23 January 1943 by Moore Dry Dock Co., Oakland, California, under a Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Miss A. H. Morton; acquired by the Navy 31 August 1943; and commissioned as "Catoctin" the same day, Commander H. B. Olsen, USNR, in command.
Between 14 September and 11 October 1943, "Catoctin" sailed from Long Beach, California, to Philadelphia, where she was decommissioned upon arrival. Converted to a combined operations and communications headquarters ship, "Catoctin" was recommissioned 24 January 1944, Commander Charles Owen Comp in command, and reported to Atlantic Fleet.
Shakedown complete, "Catoctin" cleared Norfolk 5 March 1944 for Algiers, where she reported on 19 March as flagship for Commander, 8th Fleet. She remained at Algiers and later Oran until 8 July, when she sailed to Naples, Italy. On 24 July, at Naples, King George VI of England visited on board the ship. For several months, "Catoctin" had been headquarters for the planning of the Invasion of Southern France, and on 13 August, she sailed from Naples for the assault, carrying Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal, and the commanders of the 7th Army, VI Corps, 12th Air Force, and French Naval Forces.
At early dawn of 15 August 1944, "Catoctin" arrived in position off the assault beaches, and began her historic role as heart of one of the most painstakingly planned, carefully coordinated, and magnificently executed amphibious assaults of the war. From her antennas flashed the commands which controlled the activities of thousands of men, in ships, landing craft, and airplanes, ashore, afloat, and aloft. On 18 August, 6 of her crew were killed and 31 wounded by exploding shrapnel during a German air raid. Arriving at Toulon 9 September, "Catoctin" greeted the return to France of the French fleet and General Charles de Gaulle on 15 September. On 25 September, she cleared Toulon for Naples, her base for the remainder of the year.
1945.
"Catoctin" left Naples 15 January 1945, and after a brief repair period at Palermo, Sicily, sailed to Sevastopol, Russia. Arriving 26 January, she served as communications ship and as headquarters for the advance party planning the Yalta Conference. Her crew operated transportation, canteen, hospital, and dental facilities ashore, and in cooperation with other Allied facilities, operated an air-sea rescue net. On 11 February, she welcomed President Franklin D. Roosevelt and his party, including Fleet Admiral William D. Leahy, for an overnight stay. "Catoctin" cleared Sevastopol 15 February, returning to Naples 5 days later, then sailed for Oran.
The command ship embarked military passengers at Oran, and proceeded to Philadelphia, where she underwent overhaul, followed by refresher training. On 20 June, she stood down Delaware Bay, bound for Pearl Harbor, where she arrived in July. Underway once more on 10 August, "Catoctin" arrived at Incheon, Korea, 8 September to accept the surrender of Japanese forces there. She sailed to Okinawa to embark Marines whom she transported to Taku, North China, where they were to maintain order until the representatives of China's Nationalist Government could establish their government. During October and most of November, "Catoctin" was headquarters for negotiations with the Chinese Communists, in power in Shantung and Manchuria, in which attempts were made to allow the officially recognized Nationalist Government to reestablish itself.
Deactivation.
"Catoctin" stood out of Shanghai, China, 25 November 1945 for Norfolk, where she arrived 28 December. She served from this port as flagship for Commander Amphibious Force, Atlantic, until 18 September 1946, then underwent inactivation. On 26 February 1947, she was decommissioned at Philadelphia, and placed in service in reserve. On 30 December 1959, "Catoctin" was transferred to the Maritime Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="5893711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893711" title="Brandlesholme">
Brandlesholme

Brandlesholme is a suburb north of Bury in Greater Manchester, England, half-way between Bury town centre and Ramsbottom.
Brandlesholme Road (B6214) is the main road through the area. At its furthermost south junction it meets with Tottington Road and Crostons Road, providing access to Bury Town Centre. Northwards at a stretch of open farmland, the road forks, bearing left to Greenmount with links to Tottington and Bolton, and right to Holcombe Brook, Summerseat and Ramsbottom. Frequent bus services run along the road every 10 minutes throughout Monday to Saturday daytime.
History.
In the 13th century a small number of people were living in Brandlesholme. The name belonged to a family who administered the local forests on behalf of Henry III but following marriage they were replaced by the Greenhalgh family. This family lived in Brandlesholme Old Hall, one of the oldest buildings in Bury on the northern outskirts of Brandlesholme. The building comprises the remains of a medieval hall, a single storyed cruck-built structure with two farms and a Victorian wing built up around it.
Historically, mills tended to be located along rivers and streams. The Kirklees Brook runs to the West of Brandlesholme and in the 18th century mills stood on the site of the old Kirklees Bleachworks, now demolished and redeveloped into a new housing estate named Miller Brook. In 1884, a French chemist, Hilaire de Charbonnet, Comte de Chardonnay, moved to the area to work on a cellulose-based fabric that became known as "Chardonnay silk". A forerunner of rayon it was an attractive cloth, but like celluloid it was very flammable. Eventually, following numerous accidents, it was taken off the market. More recently the mill was known locally as Courtaulds after the textile company who took over the site in 1962. Its occupation, latterly as a dyehouse, ended in 1980.
Housing.
To the west of Brandlesholme Road lies the Garside estate, a sizeable council social-housing estate of terrace houses, And a Small middle class area along Birks Drive, and a middle-class estate encapsulating Bankhouse Road. To the east, two further sizeable middle-class estates exist, one encapsulating Trimingham Drive and Hunstanton Drive and the other Rudgwick Drive and Springside View. A second council social-housing estate lies south of Brandlesholme on Woodhill Road. The latest housing development in the area is at the bottom of Garside Hey Road. Named Miller Brook, this new development is located besides Kirklees Brook between Brandlesholme and the neighbouring town of Tottington.
Schools.
Local primary schools include Our Lady of Lourdes RC Primary School, Old Hall Primary School and Woodbank County Primary School. Brandlesholme County Primary School previously existed until the late 1990s, when it was demolished as a result of demographic change in the area.
Brandlesholme is served by Tottington High School, Woodhey High School and Elton High School in terms of secondary education, but many students attend selective church-aided secondary schools, St Gabriels High School or Bury Church of England High School or the private Bury Grammar School in the town centre.
Shops & services.
There is a small selection of shops in Brandlesholme Shopping Precinct, known locally as the 'Top Shops'. They include a Tesco Express convenience store, a sandwich takeaway and bakery, hairdresser's, chemist's, fish and chip shop, Chinese takeaway, pizza parlour, florist and optician's. A newsagents, Woodbank Newsagents is located further south.
Brandlesholme has a BP/Spar petrol station to the south and Brandlesholme Service Station to the north. A cattery exists at Brandlesholme Hall Farm.
Recreation.
The Peel Tower can be seen from Brandlesholme.
The area is home to three children's parks: Hunstanton Park, located within walking distance of Burrs Country Park; Purbeck Park, on the Rudgwick estate; and Brandlesholme Park, a newly created facility on the land of the old primary school. 
Close to the shopping precinct, there is a non-profit making pre-school called "Playaway" for children aged between 2 and 4 years old, along with a branch library.
Burrs Country Park.
About a mile from the centre of Bury is Burrs Country Park which covers an area once housing the mill complex of the Burr and Higher Woodhill cotton mills. Situated on both sides of the River Irwell, it is overlooked by Castlesteads, an Iron Age/Roman settlement and hill fort and one of only four Scheduled Ancient Monuments in Bury. The local public house, the Brown Cow, is one of the oldest buildings in Bury. A number of sculptures that form part of the Irwell Sculpture Trail are located within the park, which is the base for the Burrs Activity Centre where a popular sport is canoeing. The East Lancashire Railway runs through the park. The latest addition is a Caravan Club caravan and camping site and the adjacent showground is used by the Bury Show and similar events.
Sport.
Local sports teams include Woodbank Cricket Club and Brandlesholme Warriors. Established in 1935, the Woodbank Cricket Club team play in the Lancashire County League. Its ground, "Kenyon's" is named after a local family who were involved when the club was established, and supported it for many subsequent years. Brandlesholme Warriors are a local junior football club.

</doc>
<doc id="5893728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893728" title="Bernarda Fink">
Bernarda Fink

Bernarda Fink Inzko (born 29 August, 1955) is an Argentine mezzo-soprano. Born in Buenos Aires to Slovene parents, Bernarda Fink studied at the "Instituto Superior de Arte del Teatro Colón" in Buenos Aires. She won First Prize at the Nuevas Voces Líricas competition in 1985 and moved to Europe. She lives in the southern Austrian province of Carinthia and is married to the current High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina, Valentin Inzko. Her brother is Marcos Fink, Slovenian classical music singer.
Bernarda Fink has sung with leading orchestras including the Philharmonics of Vienna and London, Gewandhaus Leipzig, Radio-France Philharmonic, Orchestre National de France, Akademie für Alte Musik Berlin, English Baroque Soloists, I Solisti Veneti, les Musiciens du Louvre, and Musica Antiqua Köln and has performed under the baton of conductors such as René Jacobs, Philippe Herreweghe, John Eliot Gardiner, Nikolaus Harnoncourt, Trevor Pinnock, Neville Marriner, Marc Minkowski, Roger Norrington, Mariss Jansons, Valery Gergiev, Colin Davis, and Riccardo Muti.
She has performed at the opera houses of Geneva, Prague, Montpellier, Salzburg, Barcelona, Innsbruck, Rennes. Buenos Aires, Amsterdam, she has sung at the Salzburg, Vienna, Prague, Tokyo, Montreux, BBC Proms festivals, as well as the Théâtre des Champs Elysées, Carnegie Hall, Concertgebouw Amsterdam, Vienna Konzerthaus and Sydney Opera House.
She has recorded for Harmonia Mundi and Hyperion Records.
Fink received the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5893739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893739" title="EnviroMission">
EnviroMission

EnviroMission (, ) is an Australian listed company. It has, since 2001, proposed to build a solar updraft tower power generating station known as Solar Tower Buronga in western New South Wales at a site 25 km northeast of Mildura. As of, 12 February 2007, EnviroMission claimed to be conducting feasibility studies to build a tower or towers in Texas. None of these projects have progressed beyond the planning stage.
In 2008 the company merged with US-based SolarMission Technologies, Inc.
EnviroMission has begun moving forward to build two 200 MW solar updraft towers in Arizona. In October 2010, they received approval from the Southern California Public Power Authority to sell electricity generated from the facilities. EnviroMission lost a deal with the Southern California Public Power Authority after EnviroMission was unable to guarantee a completion date of their solar tower. As of 2014, construction had not begun.

</doc>
<doc id="5893742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893742" title="MS Dunnottar Castle">
MS Dunnottar Castle

The "MS Dunnottar Castle" was the original name of a twin-screw passenger ship built in 1936 and more widely known under her later name "Victoria" or "The Victoria". "Victoria" was a cruise liner first operated by the Incres Steamship Co and later by Chandris Lines in the Caribbean Sea. "Victoria" was sold to Louis Cruise Lines in 1993 which operated the ship as "Princesa Victoria" until it was scrapped in India in 2004. "Victoria" retained a classic liner look with several features unchanged since her pre-war construction for her entire operational life.
Construction and war service.
The ship was originally built by Harland & Wolff of Belfast in 1936 as the Union-Castle liner "Dunnottar Castle". She had a gross tonnage of 15,054 tons. She departed on her maiden voyage from Southampton to Cape Town in July 1936. Upon her return, she commenced her regular service, Tilbury (London) - Africa, serving as supply ship for St. Helena.
At the outbreak of the war, "Dunnottar Castle" was converted into an armed merchant cruiser by the Royal Navy. She departed on her first tour of duty on 14 October 1939. In 1942, she commenced duties as troop ship until 1948, when she was decommissioned from Naval service. She immediately received a comprehensive overhaul and resumed her London to Africa service in 1949, which continued for the next nine years.
Career as cruise liner.
"Dunnottar Castle" was bought by Incres Steamship Co in 1958 and substantially refitted as a cruise liner at the Wilton-Fijenoord shipyard near Rotterdam. The ship received a new engine, new superstructure and a new raked bow, changing her overall appearance significantly. The first and tourist class cabins were reconstructed into 600 single-class cabins with private facilities and air-conditioning.
Incres renamed her "Victoria" and ran her out of New York on West Indies cruises.
In 1964, she was sold to Victoria SS Co Monrovia, a subsidiary of Swedish company Clipper Line from Malmö. She retained both her name and service. Incres Line continued as agents for the ship. For eleven years, "Victoria" made cruises from the United States to the Caribbean.
In 1975, the company sold her to Chandris Lines and she ran on Caribbean and European cruises until 1993 with a minor refurbishment in 1987.
Final years.
The ship's final incarnation was as the "Princesa Victoria" making 2 and 3-day cruises from Cyprus under the ownership of Louis Cruise Lines. During the winter seasons, "Princesa Victoria" was laid up in Perama. She was used as a shore-side hotel-ship for Expo '98 and for the G8 summit in Genoa in 2001.
Finally, the ship was laid up in 2002 and broken up in 2004 at the Kumar Steel Breakers Yard in India. At the time, she was the oldest large liner still operating anywhere in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5893760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893760" title="Claude Berge">
Claude Berge

Claude Jacques Berge (5 June 1926 – 30 June 2002) was a French mathematician, recognized as one of the modern founders of combinatorics and graph theory.
Biography and professional history.
Claude Berge was the son of André Berge and Geneviève Fourcade, and the great-grandson of French President Félix Faure. Claude was the second of six children; his siblings were Nicole, Antoine, Philippe, Edith and Patrick. He married Jane Gentaz on December 29, 1952 and had one child, Delphine, born March 1, 1964.
Although Claude Berge was unsure if he wanted study mathematics, instead often leaning towards literature, after studying at the in Verneuil-sur-Avre, he attended the University of Paris to study Mathematics and earned his Ph.D. in 1953, advised by André Lichnerowicz. At the University of Paris, Berge wrote several papers including his doctorate thesis paper "Sur une théorie ensembliste des jeux alternatifs." In this paper, Berge examines properties of games where there is perfect information available and there are infinite choices for each move. This thesis served as the basis of a 55 page paper published in 1953.
Beginning in 1952 he was a Research Assistant at the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS), and from 1957 to 1964 he was a Professor at the Institute of Statistics at the University of Paris. From 1965 to 1967 he directed the International Computing Center in Rome. He was also associated with the Centre d'Analyse et de Mathématique Sociales (CAMS), a research center of École des hautes études en sciences sociales. He held visiting positions at Princeton University in 1957, Pennsylvania State University in 1968, and New York University in 1985, and was a frequent visitor to the Indian statistical institute, Calcutta.
Mathematical contributions.
Berge wrote five books, on game theory (1957), graph theory and its applications (1958), topological spaces (1959), principles of combinatorics (1968) and hypergraphs (1970), each being translated in several languages. These books helped bring the subjects of graph theory and combinatorics out of disrepute by highlighting the successful practical applications of the subjects. He is particularly remembered for two conjectures on perfect graphs that he made in the early 1960s but were not proved until significantly later:
He is also known for Berge's lemma, which states that a matching "M" in a graph "G" is maximum if and only if there is in "G" no augmenting path with respect to "M".
Wordplay.
In addition to mathematics, Claude Berge enjoyed literature, sculpture, and art. Berge co-founded the French literary group Oulipo with novelists and other mathematicians in 1960 to create new forms of literature. In this association, he wrote a murder mystery based on a mathematical theorem: "Who killed the Duke of Densmore?" In an adaptation of this story, the Duke of Densmore is killed by an explosion. 10 years later, Sherlock Holmes and Watson are called to investigate this unsolved case. Using the testimonies of the Duke's seven ex-wives and his knowledge of interval graphs, Holmes is able to determine which one made multiple visits to the Duke and was able to plant the bomb.
Awards and honors.
Berge won the EURO X gold medal from the European Association of Operational Research in 1989, and (with Ronald Graham) the inaugural
Euler Medal from the Institute of Combinatorics and its Applications in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5893784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893784" title="Stomp (theatrical show)">
Stomp (theatrical show)

Stomp is a percussion group, originating in Brighton, UK that uses the body and ordinary objects to create a physical theatre performance and is widely recognised as one of the worlds most famous musical stage productions.
History and performances.
1990-1995.
Stomp was created by Luke Cresswell and Steve McNicholas in Brighton, U.K. in 1991. The performers use a variety of everyday percussion instruments in their shows.
Cresswell and McNicholas first worked together in 1981 as members of the street band Pookiesnackenburger and the theatre group Cliff Hanger. Together, these groups presented a series of street comedy musicals at the Edinburgh Festival throughout the early 1980s. After two albums, a UK TV series and extensive touring throughout Europe, Pookiesnackenburger also produced the “Bins” commercial for Heineken lager. The piece was originally written and choreographed by Cresswell as part of the band’s stage show.
Between 1987 and 1990, Cresswell directed staged four large-scale outdoor events, including "Beat the Clyde". which involved floating a drum orchestra on a pontoon in the center of Glasgow; the largest of these events, the "Heineken Hove Lagoon Show", involved a 120 piece drum orchestra featuring the Brighton Festival Chorus and a full orchestral string section.
In the summer of 1991, Cresswell and McNicholas produced, financed and directed the original "Stomp" show, previewing at London’s Bloomsbury Theatre and premiering at the Assembly Rooms in Edinburgh, where it became the Guardian’s "Critic's Choice" and won the Daily Express's "Best of the Fringe" award. Originally a seven-piece (with Luke Cresswell, Theseus Gerard, Fraser Morrison, Carl Smith, Nick Dwyer, David Olrod and Sarah Eddy), Stomp grew to be an eight person outfit with the addition of Fiona Wilkes in the autumn of ‘91.
Between 1991 and 1994, the original cast of Stomp played to capacity audiences around the world. The touring culminated in a season at Sadler's Wells Theatre in London in January 1994, where Stomp received an Olivier nomination for the "Best Entertainment Award" and won "Best Choreography Award in a West End show".
An extended version of Stomp, involving up to 30 cast members, was originally created for the Brighton Festival UK and was subsequently presented in Melbourne, Australia. It was most recently seen in September 1995 in an open air production at the Acropolis in Athens and at the Royal Festival Hall in London.
Stomp began its run at the Orpheum Theatre in New York in February 1994 winning an Obie Award and a Drama Desk Award for Most Unique Theatre Experience. By the summer of 1994, the first American cast was in place at the Orpheum, freeing the original cast for a tour of North America and Japan.
1995-2000.
In the summer of 1995, two more American productions were created for the sole purpose of US touring which continues to this day. US casts have also debuted Stomp in Chile, Brazil and Korea. Meanwhile, a fifth Stomp company, also touring from the UK, was formed in 1997 and has consistently toured the world ever since. This company presented Stomp for the first time in Scandinavia and South Africa and has been a regular visitor to Germany, the Netherlands and France. Another Stomp production opened in San Francisco in May 2000, running for two and a half years.
The original cast of Stomp have recorded music for the movie soundtrack and appeared on the Quincy Jones album "Q's Jook Joint". A soundtrack recorded by Cresswell and McNicholas for the Showtime Movie "Riot" was released in the Spring of 1997.
Stomp has also been featured in a number of commercials, including Coca-Cola's "Ice Pick", numerous spots for Target stores in the US, Toyota in Japan, and SEAT in Europe.
Stomp also created the "Mr. Frears' Ears" series of short films created for Nickelodeon. "Brooms", a 15-minute short film based on the opening routine, was nominated for an Academy Award. This Stomp-oriented film was also selected for screening at the Sundance Festival and for competition at the Cannes Film Festival.
Stomp made an appearance at the Academy Awards in March 1996, with a piece involving the live synchronization of classic film clips and on-stage action, featuring 20 performers from all five productions.
In the summer of 1997, Cresswell and McNicholas created and directed "Stomp Out Loud", a 45 minute television special for HBO, which combined stage material with new pieces created for TV. It was in the USA in December 1997 and subsequently received four Emmy Award nominations, for direction, sound mixing, multi-camera editing, and art direction. The Stomp Out Loud DVD was released in 1998. Another blend of live action and film footage was created for the Emmy awards, in which Stomp performed with Spike Jones.
2000-Present.
Stomp performed at the Lincoln Memorial at President Clinton's Millennium celebrations. During 2000, a Sesame Street special "Let's Make Music", a collaboration between Stomp and the Muppets, was released on TV and video in North America.667«
Cresswell and McNicholas began production of their IMAX movie, "", in Brazil during Carnaval 2000 and completed it in the summer of 2002. "Pulse" features an international cast, with performances from Kodo, Timbalada and Eva Yerbabuena. It was released in the fall of 2002 and won two awards at La Geode's film festival in Paris the following year. In 2004 it received the ultimate IMAX Award for Best Film at the GSTA in Montreal. Pulse is still playing in IMAX theatres worldwide.
In September 2002, Stomp entered London’s West End at the Vaudeville Theatre, and later that year performed as part of the Royal Variety Show for the second time. Stomp is now in its eleventh year in London.
In 2003, a Dolby Digital trailer featuring Stomp performances debuted in cinemas worldwide, and the following year an Emmy nominated sequence was created for ABC Sports coverage of the World Figure Skating Championships.
In 2006, Stomp’s New York production passed its 5000th performance mark. In the same year, Cresswell and McNicholas directed a public service announcement for television called "Stomp Out Litter", which featured the cast "sweeping up" at iconic locations in the five boroughs. They also began filming an IMAX 3D movie about South Africa’s Sardine run, released in early 2008.
In addition, they were commissioned to create and produce , which takes the ideas behind Stomp to a symphonic level, in celebration of 40 years of the Brighton Festival. The LFO subsequently performed at the Sydney Opera House as part of the Sydney Festival early in 2007 and at the Royal Festival Hall in London. The show was reworked and renamed for a US tour in 2010: .
In 2007, "Stomp Out Loud" opened in Las Vegas at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino with an expanded cast and performed inside a new $28 million theater specifically created for the production.
In August 2012, Stomp contributed to the musical segment of the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony in London.
Members.
John Angeles 
Alan Asncion
Marvin Aldon DOS SANTOS
Dustin Elesea
Fritxlyn Hector
Brad Holland
Keith Middleton
Jason Mills
Manny Osoria
Kris Lee Ramos
Ivan Salazar
Penelope Wendlandt
References.
2 http://www.vppress.ru/stories/Orkestr-iz-shvabr-spichek-i-musornykh-bakov-pokoril-peterburgskuyu-publiku-16660 Интервью петербургскому изданию 29/03/2013

</doc>
<doc id="5893800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893800" title="Prism compressor">
Prism compressor

A prism compressor is an optical device used to shorten the duration of a positively chirped ultrashort laser pulse by giving different wavelength components a different time delay. It typically consists of two prisms and a mirror. Figure 1 shows the construction of such a compressor. Although the dispersion of the prism material causes different wavelength components to travel along different paths, the compressor is built such that all wavelength components leave the compressor at different times, but in the same direction. If the different wavelength components of a laser pulse were already separated in time, the prism compressor can make them overlap with each other, thus causing a shorter pulse.
Prism compressors are typically used to compensate for dispersion inside Ti:sapphire modelocked laser. Each time the laser pulse inside travels through the optical components inside the laser cavity, it becomes stretched. A prism compressor inside the cavity can be designed such that it exactly compensates this intra-cavity dispersion. It can also be used to compensate for dispersion of ultrashort pulses outside laser cavities.
Prismatic pulse compression was first introduced, using a single prism, in 1983 by Dietel et al. and a four-prism pulse compressor was demonstrated in 1984 by Fork et al. Additional experimental developments include a prism-pair pulse compressor and a six-prism pulse compressor for semiconductor lasers. The multiple-prism dispersion theory, for pulse compression, was introduced in 1982 by Duarte and Piper, extended to second derivatives in 1987, and further extended to higher order phase derivatives in 2009.
An additional compressor, using a large prism with lateral reflectors to enable a multi-pass arrangement at the prism, was introduced in 2006.
Principle of operation.
Almost all optical materials that are transparent for visible light have a "normal", or positive, dispersion: the refractive index decreases with increasing wavelength. This means that longer wavelengths travel faster through these materials. The same is true for the prisms in a prism compressor. However, the positive dispersion of the prisms is offset by the extra distance that the longer wavelength components have to travel through the second prism. This is a rather delicate balance, since the shorter wavelengths travel a larger distance through air. However, with a careful choice of the geometry, it is possible to create a negative dispersion that can compensate positive dispersion from other optical components. This is shown in Figure 3. By shifting prism P2 up and down, the dispersion of the compressor can be both negative around refractive index "n" = 1.6 (red curve) and positive (blue curve). The range with a negative dispersion is relatively short since prism P2 can only be moved upwards over a short distance before the light ray misses it altogether.
In principle, the α angle can be varied to tune the dispersion properties of a prism compressor. In practice, however, the geometry is chosen such that the incident and refracted beam have the same angle at the central wavelength of the spectrum to be compressed. This configuration is known as the "angle of minimum deviation", and is easier to align than arbitrary angles.
The refractive index of typical materials such as BK7 glass changes only a small amount (0.01 – 0.02) within the few tens of nanometers that are covered by an ultrashort pulse. Within a practical size, a prism compressor can only compensate a few hundred µm of path length differences between the wavelength components. However, by using a large refractive index material (such as SF10, SF11, etc.) the compensation distance can be extended to mm level. This technology has been used successfully inside femtosecond laser cavity for compensation of the Ti:sapphire crystal, and outside for the compensation of dispersion introduced by other elements. However, high-order dispersion will be introduced by the prism compressor itself, as well as other optical elements. It can be corrected with careful measurement of the ultrashort pulse and compensate the phase distortion. MIIPS is one of the pulse shaping techniques which can measure and compensate high-order dispersion automatically. As a muddled version of pulse shaping the end mirror is sometimes tilted or even deformed, accepting that the rays do not travel back the same path or become divergent.
Comparison with other pulse compressors.
The most common other pulse compressor is based on gratings (see Chirped pulse amplification), which can easily create a much larger negative dispersion than a prism compressor (centimeters rather than tenths of millimeters). However, a grating compressor has losses of at least 30% due to higher-order diffraction and absorption losses in the metallic coating of the gratings. A prism compressor with an appropriate anti-reflection coating can have less than 2% loss, which makes it a feasible option inside a laser cavity. Moreover, a prism compressor is cheaper than a grating compressor.
Another pulse compression technique uses "chirped mirrors", which are dielectric mirrors that are designed such that the reflection has a negative dispersion. Chirped mirrors are difficult to manufacture; moreover the amount of dispersion is rather small, which means that the laser beam must be reflected a number of times in order to achieve the same amount of dispersion as with a single prism compressor. This means that it is hard to tune. On the other hand, the dispersion of a chirped-mirror compressor can be manufactured to have a specific dispersion curve, whereas a prism compressor offers much less freedom. Chirped-mirror compressors are used in applications where pulses with a very large bandwidth have to be compressed.

</doc>
<doc id="5893812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893812" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in West Sussex">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in West Sussex

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in West Sussex, a county in South East England.
, there are 78 sites designated within this Area of Search, of which have been designated for their biological interest, 19 for their geological interest, and 5 for both biological and geological interest.
In England, the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which selects sites because of their flora, fauna, geological or physiographical features. Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service.
The data in this table is taken from Natural England's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.

</doc>
<doc id="5893815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893815" title="Roger Vignoles">
Roger Vignoles

Roger Vignoles, born 12 July 1945 in Cheltenham, is a British pianist and accompanist. He regularly performs with the world’s leading singers – including Kiri Te Kanawa, Thomas Allen, Anne Sofie von Otter, Thomas Hampson, Gitta-Maria Sjøberg, Sarah Walker, Susan Graham, Christine Brewer, Felicity Lott, Stephan Genz, Monica Groop, Wolfgang Holzmair, Bernarda Fink, Christine Schäfer, Brigitte Fassbaender and Kathleen Battle – at many halls and festivals. He also accompanies instrumentalists such as Joshua Bell, Heinrich Schiff, Nobuko Imai and Ralph Kirshbaum, and gives masterclasses around the world.
He lists Gerald Moore as his inspiration for pursuing a career in accompaniment. He read music at Magdalene College, Cambridge, then joined the Royal Opera House as a repetiteur before completing his training with Paul Hamburger. He is widely recorded and generally regarded as one of the foremost piano accompanists alive today. 
Roger Vignoles has devised and directed several series at the Queen Elizabeth Hall and Wigmore Hall in London, most notably Landscape Into Song for the Schubert bicentennial, and since 1998, he is artistic director of the Nagaoka Festival in Japan. His discography contains several recordings which have received international awards. He first studied at Magdalene College (Cambridge) and the Royal College of Music, where he is now Prince Consort Professor of Piano accompaniment.
Roger's son Will Vignoles is a member of the British indie band "Cajun Dance Party" on XL records.

</doc>
<doc id="5893821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893821" title="List of Microstigmatidae species">
List of Microstigmatidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Microstigmatidae as of Nov. 19, 2011.
Envia.
"Envia" Ott & Höfer, 2003
Micromygale.
"Micromygale" Platnick & Forster, 1982
Microstigmata.
"Microstigmata" Strand, 1932
Ministigmata.
"Ministigmata" Raven & Platnick, 1981
Pseudonemesia.
"Pseudonemesia" Caporiacco, 1955
Spelocteniza.
"Spelocteniza" Gertsch, 1982
Xenonemesia.
"Xenonemesia" Goloboff, 1989

</doc>
<doc id="5893830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893830" title="1994 PBA season">
1994 PBA season

The 1994 PBA season was the 20th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). 

</doc>
<doc id="5893837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893837" title="Gösta Berlings Saga">
Gösta Berlings Saga

"Gösta Berling's Saga" () is the debut novel of Swedish author Selma Lagerlöf, published in 1891.
Background.
In the summer of 1890, a Swedish magazine, the "Idun", had offered a prize for the best novel of a certain length. Lagerlöf entered the contest with a few chapters from "Gösta Berling", a story which was then beginning to take shape in her mind, and won the prize. In "Gösta Berling", Lagerlöf is a romanticist and represents a reaction against the realism which prevailed at the time. As a child, she had absorbed the folk tales of her surroundings, and later on in life it occurred to her like a lightning flash that it was her particular mission to give these stories expression. "Gösta Berling's Saga" has been called the “prose epic of Swedish country life.”
The scene is laid on the shores of Lake Fryken (Lake Löven in the story) in Värmland. Using wolves, snow, supernatural elements and eccentric upper-class characters to project an exotic image of 1820s Värmland, the novel can be compared to magic realism. The title is meant to give associations to the Icelandic sagas. The first sentence, "Finally, the vicar was in the pulpit," is one of the more famous in Swedish literature.
Plot.
The hero, Gösta Berling, is a deposed minister, who has been saved by the Mistress of Ekeby from freezing to death and thereupon becomes one of her pensioners in the manor at Ekeby. As the pensioners finally get power in their own hands, they manage the property as they themselves see fit, and their lives are filled with many wild adventures, Gösta Berling is the leading spirit, the poet, the charming personality among a band of revelers. But before the story ends, Gösta Berling is redeemed, and even the old Mistress of Ekeby is permitted to come to her old home to die.
English translations.
It was first translated by Lillie Tudeer in 1894 as "Gösta Berling's Saga", but was unavailable in the US and soon out of print in the UK. This edition was re-printed in 1918 by the American-Scandinavian Foundation with edits and 8 additional chapters that had been silently omitted from the 1894 edition. It was also translated in 1898 by Pauline Bancroft Flach as "The Story of Gösta Berling". Both of these editions are in the public domain and have been commonly reprinted by various publishers over the years.
A new English translation by poet Robert Bly was published (with a translator's afterword) in 1962. It was put out by Signet Classics under the title "The Story of Gosta Berling". The most recent English translation, by Paul Norlen, was published in 2009 by Penguin.
Adaptations.
Film
Opera
Music

</doc>
<doc id="5893841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893841" title="List of Nemesiidae species">
List of Nemesiidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Nemesiidae as of Oct. 2, 2013.
Acanthogonatus.
"Acanthogonatus" Karsch, 1880
Aname.
"Aname" L. Koch, 1873
Atmetochilus.
"Atmetochilus" Simon, 1887
Brachythele.
"Brachythele" Ausserer, 1871
Calisoga.
"Calisoga" Chamberlin, 1937
Chaco.
"Chaco" Tullgren, 1905
Chenistonia.
"Chenistonia" Hogg, 1901
Chilelopsis.
"Chilelopsis" Goloboff, 1995
Damarchus.
"Damarchus" Thorell, 1891
Diplothelopsis.
"Diplothelopsis" Tullgren, 1905
Entypesa.
"Entypesa" Simon, 1902
Flamencopsis.
"Flamencopsis" Goloboff, 1995
Hermacha.
"Hermacha" Simon, 1889
Hermachura.
"Hermachura" Mello-Leitão, 1923
Iberesia.
"Iberesia" Decae & Cardoso, 2006
Ixamatus.
"Ixamatus" Simon, 1887
Kiama.
"Kiama" Main & Mascord, 1969
Kwonkan.
"Kwonkan" Main, 1983
Lepthercus.
"Lepthercus" Purcell, 1902
Longistylus.
"Longistylus" Indicatti & Lucas, 2005
Lycinus.
"Lycinus" Thorell, 1894
Merredinia.
"Merredinia" Main, 1983
Mexentypesa.
"Mexentypesa" Raven, 1987
Namea.
"Namea" Raven, 1984
Nemesia.
"Nemesia" Audouin, 1826
Neostothis.
"Neostothis" Vellard, 1925
Pionothele.
"Pionothele" Purcell, 1902
Prorachias.
"Prorachias" Mello-Leitão, 1924
Psalistopoides.
"Psalistopoides" Mello-Leitão, 1934
Pselligmus.
"Pselligmus" Simon, 1892
Pseudoteyl.
"Pseudoteyl" Main, 1985
Pycnothele.
"Pycnothele" Chamberlin, 1917
Rachias.
"Rachias" Simon, 1892
Raveniola.
"Raveniola" Zonstein, 1987
Sinopesa.
"Sinopesa" Raven & Schwendinger, 1995
Spiroctenus.
"Spiroctenus" Simon, 1889
Stanwellia.
"Stanwellia" Rainbow & Pulleine, 1918
Stenoterommata.
"Stenoterommata" Holmberg, 1881
Swolnpes.
"Swolnpes" Main & Framenau, 2009
Teyl.
"Teyl" Main, 1975
Teyloides.
"Teyloides" Main, 1985
Xamiatus.
"Xamiatus" Raven, 1981
Yilgarnia.
"Yilgarnia" Main, 1986

</doc>
<doc id="5893843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893843" title="Mike Hulbert">
Mike Hulbert

Michael Patrick Hulbert (born April 14, 1958) is an American professional golfer and sportscaster.
Hulbert was born in Elmira, New York. He grew up in Horseheads, New York, and was a childhood friend and high school golf rival of fellow PGA Tour player Joey Sindelar. Hulbert attended East Tennessee State University in Johnson City, Tennessee; he earned All-American honors as a member of the golf team in 1979 and 1980. He turned pro in 1981 and joined the PGA Tour in 1985.
Hulbert won three times on the PGA Tour; his last two wins came in playoffs. His first win came at the Federal Express St. Jude Classic in 1986 by one stroke over Joey Sindelar. His second victory was at the 1989 B.C. Open in a playoff over Bob Estes. In his third win at the 1991 Anheuser-Busch Golf Classic, he defeated Kenny Knox on the first hole in a playoff. Hulbert's best finishes in major championships were a T-6 at the 1992 U.S. Open, and a T-7 at the 1986 PGA Championship. He has had more than 45 top-10 finishes in his PGA Tour career including more than a half-dozen 2nd or 3rd place finishes.
Hulbert had a knack for the Plantation Course at the Kapalua International, an event he won in 1991, and finished 2nd to Davis Love III in 1992. 
Hulbert caddied for Davis Love III at the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am and the Northern Trust Open in the early part of 2008 prior to starting play on the Champions Tour. He began play on the Champions Tour in April 2008. He finished T8 in his debut event, the Outback Steakhouse Pro-Am, and matched it a year later at the Dick's Sporting Goods Open.
In 2002, Hulbert was inducted into the East Tennessee State University Athletic Hall of Fame. Hulbert has had more than 4.7 million dollars in career earnings. He lives in Orlando, Florida with his wife and two sons. He has a brother named John, a club professional who once qualified for the U.S. Open.
Professional wins.
PGA Tour wins (3).
PGA Tour playoff record (2–0)
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.

</doc>
<doc id="5893846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893846" title="Gelert's Farm halt">
Gelert's Farm halt

Gelert's Farm halt on the Welsh Highland Heritage Railway is a railway station in Wales that was opened in 1988. It is a simple platform alongside the main shed at Gelert's Farm Works.
All trains in one direction stop at the halt for the passengers to visit the museum. The halt is a request stop for trains in the other direction. Until the end of 2005 trains stopped in the Pen-y-Mount (up) direction. From the 2006 season, trains stop in the Porthmadog (down) direction. The platform was rebuilt and extended in 2006. In early 2007, the platform was extended a further in the northerly direction and a ramp constructed to enter the North Yard. A water supply has been installed at the southern end of the platform for watering locomotives.

</doc>
<doc id="5893849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893849" title="AiT/Planet Lar">
AiT/Planet Lar

AiT/Planet Lar is an American comic book publishing company based in San Francisco, California. It was founded in 1999 by Larry Young and Mimi Rosenheim. The company focuses on releasing original graphic novels into the mass market, although the company has published trade paperbacks of serialized mini-series originally published by other companies.
Graphic novels.
All titles below are original graphic novels, unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="5893850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893850" title="List of Paratropididae species">
List of Paratropididae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Paratropididae as of Mar. 16, 2013.
Anisaspis.
"Anisaspis" Simon, 1891
Anisaspoides.
"Anisaspoides" F. O. P.-Cambridge, 1896
Melloina.
"Melloina" Brignoli, 1985
Paratropis.
"Paratropis" Simon, 1889

</doc>
<doc id="5893851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893851" title="Anti-cholesterol">
Anti-cholesterol

Anti-cholesterol is a naturally occurring antibody to cholesterol produced by mammals. This antibody serves a ‘housekeeping’ or protective role for the host animal, helping to protect the animal from harmful forms of cholesterol such as LDL and VLDL.
Modes of Action.
An immunoglobulin protein, "anti-cholesterol" may be found both in circulation as well as in the digestive tract.

</doc>
<doc id="5893852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893852" title="Mynydd-y-Garreg">
Mynydd-y-Garreg

Mynydd-y-garreg or Mynyddygarreg () is a village in the county of Carmarthenshire, West Wales, bordering the historical town of Kidwelly. Mynydd-y-garreg Tower is the name given to a Roman Pharos in the county of Flintshire, near Whitford.
Administration.
The town shares a Mayor and community council with the neighbouring town of Kidwelly.
Transport.
By road the village lies 1 km from the A484 that connects Llanelli and Carmarthen. By rail Kidwelly train station lies 4 km away by road. A bus service operates connecting to bus routes running through kidwelly which allow passengers to travel to Llanelli, Carmarthen, Swansea amongst others.
Schools.
The village has a Primary School, Ysgol Mynydd-y-Garreg School which, after threat of closure due to its diminutive pupil numbers was part of the "cadw ein hysgolion" () campaign run by Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg ().
Entertainment.
The village was home to a Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) Good Beer Guide recognised public house, The Prince of Wales.
Sport.
The town has a local rugby union team called Mynydd-y-Garreg RFC. They have a training/playing ground with a clubhouse located in the village
Notable residents.
The village is famous for being home to the late Welsh rugby union legend Ray Gravell. A road in the village had been named after him and after his death serves as a reminder of one of the village's most famous residents. A sculpture erected in his honour at the Llanelli Scarlets' stadium Parc y Scarlets stands on a plinth made of stone quarried from the village.

</doc>
<doc id="5893866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893866" title="1st Siege Artillery Battery (Australia)">
1st Siege Artillery Battery (Australia)

1st Siege Artillery Battery was formed in Victoria during April 1915. The battery departed Melbourne on 17 July 1915 and served on the Western Front during World War I. The battery along with the 2nd Siege Artillery Battery made up the 1st Siege Artillery Brigade. 1st Siege Artillery Battery was renamed the 54th Siege Artillery Battery on 28 September 1915. The battery was equipped first with four 8 inch howitzers and then 6 from July 1917. In March 1918 the battery was assigned to the Australian Corps Heavy Artillery and resumed its original title.

</doc>
<doc id="5893867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893867" title="Paul Hamburger">
Paul Hamburger

Paul Hamburger (3 September 1920, Vienna – 11 April 2004, London) was a British pianist, accompanist, chamber musician, and scholar.
Paul Hamburger was born in Vienna in 1920, and studied at the Vienna State Academy before emigrating to England in 1939. In 1941, he received a scholarship to attend the Royal College of Music, London, studying with Frank Merrick, Gordon Jacob, Ralph Vaughan Williams, and he obtained his ARCM. From 1945, he started on a career as an accompanist, chamber musician and teacher, and has been associated in concerts and on disc with some of today’s most distinguished singers and instrumentalists, including Dame Janet Baker, Elisabeth Söderström, Max Rostal and Pierre Fournier. He has performed both in Britain and abroad, including Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Holland, France and Belgium.
Hamburger worked as coach for the English Chamber Group, preparing for the television performance of Britten’s "Turn of the Screw" and touring with the company. He was also coach at Glyndebourne Opera, working on "Fidelio", "Alceste", "The Rake’s Progress", "Arlecchino", many Rossini and all the Mozart operas. He coached the singers in Eric Leinsdorf’s recording of "Die Walküre" with Birgit Nilsson. For twelve years, he held the post of official accompanist at the BBC, and was later the BBC producer responsible for the ‘Artists of the Younger Generation’ series.
Hamburger taught singers and accompanists at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, London, and gave masterclasses and annual seminars in England, Scotland, Ireland, Germany, Austria, Sweden and Finland. His literary works include an edition of Mozart Lieder (Oxford University Press), contributions to books on Mozart songs, Mahler’s Wunderhorn songs, Chopin and Britten, and translations, notably of Bruno Walter and Alfred Brendel.
He was a Fellow of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, an Honorary Member of the Royal Academy, London, and was awarded the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art in 1991, which was upgraded to 1st class in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5893868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893868" title="List of Migidae species">
List of Migidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Migidae as of May 3, 2011.
Calathotarsus.
"Calathotarsus" Simon, 1903
Goloboffia.
"Goloboffia" Griswold & Ledford, 2001
Heteromigas.
"Heteromigas" Hogg, 1902
Mallecomigas.
"Mallecomigas" Goloboff & Platnick, 1987
Micromesomma.
"Micromesomma" Pocock, 1895
Migas.
"Migas" L. Koch, 1873
Moggridgea.
"Moggridgea" O. P.-Cambridge, 1875
Paramigas.
"Paramigas" Pocock, 1895
Poecilomigas.
"Poecilomigas" Simon, 1903
Thyropoeus.
"Thyropoeus" Pocock, 1895

</doc>
<doc id="5893879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893879" title="Buster Glosson">
Buster Glosson

Lieutenant General Buster Cleveland Glosson (born March 14, 1942) was the deputy chief of staff for plans and operations at the headquarters for the U.S. Air Force in Washington D.C. He was responsible to the secretary of the Air Force and chief of staff for the planning, operations, requirements and force structure necessary to support military operations. As the Air Force operations deputy to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, he determined operational requirements, concepts, doctrine, strategy, training and the assets necessary to support National Security Objectives and military strategy.
Education.
He received his bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering from North Carolina State University in 1965.
He attended the Armed Forces Staff College in Norfolk, Virginia in 1977 and the National War College at Fort Lesley J. McNair, Washington, D.C. in 1981.
Career.
Glosson entered the Air Force in 1965 as a distinguished graduate of the North Carolina State University Reserve Officer Training Corps program. He flew combat missions as a flight commander in both North and South Vietnam. He commanded the Air Force Fighter Weapons Squadron and two tactical fighter wings. During the Gulf War, he commanded the 14th Air Division (Provisional) and was director of campaign plans for U.S. Central Command Air Forces, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. In this function, he was responsible for planning the bombardment of Baghdad on January 17, 1991, that resulted in the near total destruction of the Iraqi command and control structure within the first hours of the air campaign.
He is a command pilot with more than 3,600 flying hours primarily in the F-4, F-15C and F-15E.
Glosson retired on July 1, 1994. After his retirement, Glosson wrote a book titled "War with Iraq: critical lessons" about the Gulf War and the lessons to be learned from it.
Flight information.
Glosson is rated as a Command pilot with more than 3,600 flight hours having flown: F-4, F-5, F-15C, F-15E and T-38.

</doc>
<doc id="5893881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893881" title="Retamim">
Retamim

Retamim () is a kibbutz in the central Negev desert in southern Israel. Located three kilometres northwest of Revivim, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ramat HaNegev Regional Council.
History.
The community was founded by a group of demobilised IDF soldiers and new immigrants who started to gather in kibbutz Be'eri in 1978. A second group was established in Revivim in early 1979. The two groups merged in mid-1979 and moved to a caravan site opposite what is now Park Golda after Tlalim had moved to its permanent site in December 1979.
However, due to lack of support from the Kibbutz Movement, the kibbutz did not expand, and the movement acted to evict the members, some moved to Revivim others to other kibbutzim and the rest to the towns, until eventually only one of the original members remained
In 1983 the kibbutz was finally established on its present site, assisted by Nahal soldiers from the Hebrew Scouts. In 1994 it united with kibbutz Revivim after suffering from social problems and members leaving. Some of its houses were converted into a holiday village called Rotem BeMidbar, though this closed in 2000. It now serves as an immigrant absorption centre catering largerly for immigrants from Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="5893893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893893" title="Indian Institute of Chemical Technology">
Indian Institute of Chemical Technology

The Indian Institute of Chemical Technology is a national-level research center located in Hyderabad, India under the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR). IICT conducts research in basic and applied chemistry, biochemistry, bioinformatics, chemical engineering and provides science and technology inputs to the industrial and economic development of the country. IICT has filed one of the maximum CSIR patents.
Activities.
The research and development programmes of IICT relate to the development of technologies for pesticides, drugs, organic intermediates, fine chemicals, catalysts, polymers, organic coatings, use of low-grade coals, and value-added products from vegetable oils. Process design and mechanical engineering design form an integral part of technology development and transfer. IICT is also actively engaged in basic research in organic synthesis and catalyses.
Public health.
An example of the institute's work is development of technology for accurate identification, of principal mosquito vector in rural endemic areas for designing suitable control measures of vector-borne diseases like malaria, filaria, Japanese encephalitis, dengue fever, etc.
In developing countries like India, classification and identification of the mosquito species from rural endemic areas are of paramount importance. The World Health Organisation monograph which describes the taxonomic data in the form of a pictorial key is generally difficult to understand by a non-taxonomist. Keeping this difficulty in view, a novel software has been developed which is user-friendly and menu-driven. The package can be successfully used in mosquito control programs in rural areas. Rapid identification and greater accuracy are the salient features of the technology.

</doc>
<doc id="5893895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893895" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in East Sussex">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in East Sussex

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in East Sussex, a county in South East England. East Sussex is bordered by Kent to the north, and Surrey to the south, and has an estimated population of 757,600 within an area of , therefore making it the 28th largest cermeonial county in the United Kingdom.
, there are 64 sites designated within this Area of Search, 46 of which have been designated for their biological interest, 14 for their geological interest, and 4 for both biological and geological interest.
In England, the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which selects sites because of their flora, fauna, geological or physiographical features. Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service.
East Sussex is, from a geological viewpoint, the southern anticline of the Weald. The South Downs contain numerous chalk hills, which continue along much of the southern area of the county. East Sussex is home to much marshland area, with large amounts to the east of Beachy Head.
The data in this table is taken from Natural England's website in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI.

</doc>
<doc id="5893899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893899" title="List of Drymusidae species">
List of Drymusidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Drymusidae as of Oct. 20, 2012.
Drymusa.
"Drymusa" Simon, 1891

</doc>
<doc id="5893909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893909" title="2nd Siege Artillery Battery (Australia)">
2nd Siege Artillery Battery (Australia)

2nd Siege Artillery Battery was formed in Victoria during April 1915. The battery departed Melbourne on 17 July 1915 and served on the Western Front during World War I. The battery along with the 1st Siege Artillery Battery made up the 1st Siege Artillery Brigade. 2nd Siege Artillery Battery was renamed the 55th Siege Artillery Battery on 28 September 1915. The battery was equipped first with four BL 9.2 inch Howitzers and then 6 from July 1917. In March 1918 the battery was assigned to the Australian Corps Heavy Artillery and resumed its original title.

</doc>
<doc id="5893913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893913" title="List of festivals of West Bengal">
List of festivals of West Bengal

West Bengal celebrates many holidays and festivals. The Bengali proverb “Baro Mase Tero Parbon” (“Thirteen festivals in twelve months”) indicates the abundant of festivity in the state. In West Bengal throughout the year many festivals are celebrated. Durga Puja is solemnized as perhaps the most significant of all celebrations in Bengal. Here is a list of the main festivals of West Bengal.
Main Festivals.
Gandhi Birthday

</doc>
<doc id="5893925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893925" title="The Deram Anthology 1966–1968">
The Deram Anthology 1966–1968

The Deram Anthology 1966–1968 is a compilation album by David Bowie, released in 1997. It collects together most of the material Bowie recorded for Deram Records that has been previously released in some form, including the debut album in its entirety, in chronological order.
Originally this was planned to a be a two-disc release featuring several previously unreleased tracks, but Bowie vetoed the inclusion of such material. Reportedly the tracks Bowie vetoed included songs called "Pussy Cat", "Back To Where You've Never Been", "Funny Smile", "Bunny Thing", a cover of The Velvet Underground's "Waiting for the Man" and German-language versions of "Love You 'Till Tuesday" and "When I Live My Dream" (the last three have been widely bootlegged).
Track listing.
All songs written by David Bowie.

</doc>
<doc id="5893927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893927" title="Deutsch Nepal">
Deutsch Nepal

Deutsch Nepal is the solo industrial/dark ambient project of Swede Peter Andersson alias Lina Der Baby Doll General (ex-Njurmännen).
Works.
Under the name Deutsch Nepal, Lina has issued eight studio albums and a 7" as well as contributing to various compilations including a split CD with In Slaughter Natives 
and another with The Moon Lay Hidden Beneath a Cloud.
Other works include two tapes out on the Italian label, Old Europa Cafe, entitled Only Silence Among The Filthy and The Silent Earth. There's also a 
single called Dentist Environmental on Ant-Zen, as well as the The Very Top Of Lina Baby Doll LP.
Discography.
Studio albums:

</doc>
<doc id="5893929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893929" title="List of Ochyroceratidae species">
List of Ochyroceratidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Ochyroceratidae as of Oct. 2, 2013.
Althepus.
"Althepus" Thorell, 1898
Dundocera.
"Dundocera" Machado, 1951
Euso.
"Euso" Saaristo, 2001
Fageicera.
"Fageicera" Dumitrescu & Georgescu, 1992
Flexicrurum.
"Flexicrurum" Tong & Li, 2007
Leclercera.
"Leclercera" Deeleman-Reinhold, 1995
Lundacera.
"Lundacera" Machado, 1951
Merizocera.
"Merizocera" Fage, 1912
Ochyrocera.
"Ochyrocera" Simon, 1891
Ouette.
"Ouette" Saaristo, 1998
Psiloderces.
"Psiloderces" Simon, 1892
Roche.
"Roche" Saaristo, 1998
Speocera.
"Speocera" Berland, 1914
Theotima.
"Theotima" Simon, 1893

</doc>
<doc id="5893932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893932" title="List of Telemidae species">
List of Telemidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Telemidae as of Sept. 14, 2013.
Apneumonella.
"Apneumonella" Fage, 1921
Cangoderces.
"Cangoderces" Harington, 1951
Jocquella.
"Jocquella" Baert, 1980
Pinelema.
"Pinelema" Wang & Li, 2012
Seychellia.
"Seychellia" Saaristo, 1978
Telema.
"Telema" Simon, 1882
Telemofila.
"Telemofila" Wunderlich, 1995
Usofila.
"Usofila" Keyserling, 1891

</doc>
<doc id="5893938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893938" title="Carmel City">
Carmel City

Carmel City (, "Ir HaKarmel"; "Madīnat al-Karmel") was a short-lived city in the Haifa District of Israel, named after its location on Mount Carmel. 
History.
In 2003 Interior Minister Avraham Poraz announced plans to combine several local councils. The two Druze towns of Daliyat al-Karmel and Isfiya were merged to become one city, initially known as Daliyat al-Karmel-Isfiya, later renamed to Carmel City in 2005. 
However, the merger was opposed by many residents. Residents did not adopt the new city, instead continued to refer to themselves as being from Daliyat al-Karmel or Isfiya. The most vocal opposition was from Isfiya, and in February 2008 residents announced their intention to join the Kadima party in order to eliminate the Kadima leadership via primaries, and cancel the merger.
On 5 November 2008, the Knesset approved the cancellation of the merger before the 2008 municipal elections on 11 November, although the separation only took effect on 1 December 2008, and new elections were held in June 2009. The two original towns returned to being separate local councils.
Politics.
Carmel City's first and only mayor was Akram Hasson. 
Demographics.
According to the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Carmel City's population at the end of 2007 was 24,900.

</doc>
<doc id="5893939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893939" title="East Cowton">
East Cowton

East Cowton is a village and civil parish in the district of Hambleton in North Yorkshire, England. It is north west of the county town of Northallerton.
History.
The village is mentioned twice in the "Domesday Book" as "Cottune" in the Allerton Hundred. At the time of the Norman conquest the lands of the manor were split between "Earl Edwin" and a small part to "Thorkil". After 1086 the larger part of the manor lands were taken by the Crown and the smaller area granted to "Landric of Hornby". The manor was granted by the Crown to the lords of Richmond, notably to Conan, the seneschal of the lord of Richmond. From 1324 to 1548, the manor was held by Clervaux family of Croft. Thereafter it was conveyed to the "Dakyns" family until 1622 when it was conveyed to Sir Henry Anderson. In 1662 the manor was sold to Thomas Bruce, 1st Earl of Elgin who conveyed it five years later to John Belasyse, 1st Baron Belasyse, whose daughter married Sir John Webb of Great Canford in Dorset and Odstock in Wilts whose heirs held it into the twentieth century.
The etymology of the village name is a combination of the Old English words of "cū" and tūn meaning "Cow farm". The East is to distinguish it from other Cowton's in the area. The village used to be known as "Long Cowton" and before that "Magna Cowton".
Demography.
2001 Census.
According to the 2001 UK Census, the parish was 49.9% male and 50.1% female of the total population of 561. The religious make-up was 84% Christian with the rest stating no religion. The ethnic distribution was 99.4% White with a small Mixed Ethnic minority. There were 233 dwellings.
2011 Census.
According to the 2011 UK Census, the parish had a total population of 533 with 49.7% male and 50.3% female. The religious make-up was 75.6% Christian, a small minority of Sikh, Bhuddist and Muslim with the rest stating no religion. The ethnic distribution was 98.9% White with a small Mixed Ethnic minority. There were 241 dwellings.
Geography and governance.
The village lies just to the west of the East Coast Main Line and was once served by Cowton railway station about half a mile away. The station building and stationmaster's ouse is a Grade II listed building. It lies between the River Wiske and its tributary, The Stell. The minor road between the A167 and B1263 runs through the village. The villages of Birkby, Great Smeaton, Little Smeaton and North Cowton all lie within of the village.
The village lies within the Richmond UK Parliament constituency. It also lies within the Swale electoral division of North Yorkshire County Council and the Cowtons ward of Hambleton District Council.
Community.
The village school is called East Cowton Church of England Primary School. It has around 40 pupils. It is within the catchment area of Allertonshire School and Northallerton College for Secondary education to the age of eighteen.
The village post office also functions as the village shop. The village pub is called "The Beeswing Inn", it is named after the northern racehorse Beeswing whose most notable victory was the 1842 Ascot Gold Cup. She won an incredible 51 out of the 64 races she entered. Of the 57 races she finished she only finished lower than 2nd place on one occasion. The village is served by the No 72 bus, which runs between Darlington and Northallerton.
Religion.
All Saints' Church is situated to the west of the village. A Grade II listed building, it is a red brick structure erected in 1910. There is evidence of a 13th-century church in the village dedicated to St Mary that fell into disrepair. Cowton Cemetery is situated about half a mile west of the village on the road towards North Cowton on the site of the old church. The Primitive Methodists built a chapel, no longer in use, in 1840.

</doc>
<doc id="5893946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893946" title="Charles W. Bowen">
Charles W. Bowen

Charles "Skip" W. Bowen was the tenth Master Chief Petty Officer of the Coast Guard (MCPOCG).
He assumed the position from MCPOCG Frank A. Welch on June 14, 2006, and was relieved on May 21, 2010 by Michael P. Leavitt. Bowen was previously assigned as the Officer-in-Charge of Coast Guard Station Marathon.
Coast Guard Career.
After attending basic training at Coast Guard Station Cape May in Cape May, New Jersey in 1978, his first duty station was to a patrol boat, in Clearwater, Florida. From there he was assigned to Coast Guard Station Marathon in the Florida Keys just in time for the Mariel boatlift in 1980. A subsequent assignment at Station Fort Pierce, Florida, was followed by another patrol boat, this time the newly commissioned , homeported in Miami. From south Florida he traveled to the Mid-Atlantic seaboard to join as the Executive Petty Officer. Upon advancing to Chief Petty Officer he was assigned as the Officer-in-Charge of Coast Guard Station New Haven, in June 1990. Following a successful tour at New Haven, he was transferred to Station Sand Key in Clearwater Beach, Florida in 1994. 
In 1997, Bowen was assigned as the Officer-in-Charge of the in Newport, Rhode Island, until her decommissioning in April 1998. During May 1998 he was assigned as the Officer-in-Charge of , based in Woods Hole, Massachusetts; this cutter was first of the high-tech 87-foot (26.5 m) patrol boats on the east coast. 
From 1999 to 2001, Bowen served as the Seventh District Command Master Chief. In May 2002, Bowen graduated with distinction from the United States Army Sergeants Major Academy. While at the Academy, he was selected as one of the few non-Army students ever to serve as a class vice president. Upon graduation, he was awarded the prestigious "William G. Bainbridge Chair of Ethics Award." From June 2002 to June 2004, Bowen served as the Command Master Chief of the Headquarters Units. In addition to those duties, he also served as the Interim Master Chief Petty Officer of the Coast Guard from July 2002 through October 2002.
Personal.
Bowen's educational accomplishments include a Bachelor of Science Degree "magna cum laude" from Excelsior College and a Master of Business Administration "summa cum laude" from Touro University International. Bowen is married to Janet Kay Bowen (née Cartwright) of Norfolk, Virginia. He has four children, Mason, Joshua, Joseph, and Kristen. His son, Mason, is currently on active duty in the Coast Guard.
Post Coast Guard career.
In April 2011, Bowen went to work at Bollinger Shipyards, in Lockport, Louisiana.
Bowen′s first position at Bollinger was to manage the Sentinel building program.
In August 2012 Bowen was promoted to Vice President for Government Relations.

</doc>
<doc id="5893947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893947" title="Philippine Basketball Association Rookie of the Year award">
Philippine Basketball Association Rookie of the Year award

This is a list of the Philippine Basketball Association's Rookie of the Year awardees:

</doc>
<doc id="5893955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893955" title="Sierra-class submarine">
Sierra-class submarine

The Sierra I class (NATO reporting name) or (Soviet design serial number) Project 945 ("Барракуда/Barrakuda") nuclear submarine was the Soviet Union's successor class to the partly successful Project 705 "Lira" (Alfa) class submarine. The Sierra class has a light and strong titanium pressure hull which enables the class to dive to greater depths, reduce the level of radiated noise and increase resistance to torpedo attacks. It is powered by a single OK-650 pressurized water reactor. Sierra I and its successor Sierra II classes submarines are designed by Lazurit Central Design Bureau ("Lazurit" is the Russian word for lazurite).
The Sierra II class (NATO reporting name) or Project 945A ("Кондор/Kondor") nuclear submarine was a successor to the Sierra I with improved quieting and sonar. Initially, Sierra class submarine was specifically developed against US nuclear submarines search and destroy. It has the radius of full circle maneuverability smaller than any other modern submarine, with speeds and diving depth greater than their American counterparts.
Sierra I.
The first hull, "Karp", was laid down in May 1982 at the Gorky shipyard and was launched in August 1983 before being transferred to Severodvinsk for fitting out. It was laid up in 1987. The next hull to be built was the "Kostroma", which was launched in July 1986 and was commissioned in September 1987. "K-276 Kostroma" was put into a drydock after its February 11, 1992 collision with in the Barents Sea, off Kildin Island. The submarine was repaired on 29 June 1992 and was renamed "Krab", but in 1996 its original name was returned and it is still in service with the Russian Northern fleet. The Sierra I class was also fitted with a releasable escape pod for the crew. The pod is covered by a V shaped casing on the port side of the sail.
Soviet titanium technology was far in advance of the West's, requiring fewer passes to achieve weld at the disadvantage of the cost of each hull which limits numbers built despite the advantages of greater depths and underwater speed. This was clearly shown in the Sierra class.
On March 5, 2013 the Russian news agency "Izvestiya" reported that the Russian Navy has decided to return Hull 1 "Karp" and Hull 2 "Kostroma" to service. The necessary upgrade work is expected to take 3 years and will be carried out at Severodvinsk.
Submarines in class:
Sierra II.
The Sierra II (Project 945.A - "Кондор/Kondor") class has a considerably larger sail which is longer than the Sierra I type. The sail also has a curious flat, square leading edge. The masts are offset on the starboard side to make way for two escape pods in the sail. The starboard side also has a 10-point environment sensor fitted at right angles to the front end of the sail. Also, the Sierra II type has a much larger pod on its after fin. The pod houses the Skat 3 passive very low frequency towed array.
In October 2012 a Sierra II class submarine deployed to the North Atlantic and carried out a patrol off the US East coast.
Submarines in class:
Sierra III (provisional).
The sole possible Sierra III/Project 945AB ("Mars"), was laid down in March 1990 but was scrapped in November 1993 before completion.

</doc>
<doc id="5893956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893956" title="List of Tetrablemmidae species">
List of Tetrablemmidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Tetrablemmidae as of Sept. 14, 2012.
Ablemma.
"Ablemma" Roewer, 1963
Afroblemma.
"Afroblemma" Lehtinen, 1981
Anansia.
"Anansia" Lehtinen, 1981
Bacillemma.
"Bacillemma" Deeleman-Reinhold, 1993
Borneomma.
"Borneomma" Deeleman-Reinhold, 1980
Brignoliella.
"Brignoliella" Shear, 1978
Caraimatta.
"Caraimatta" Lehtinen, 1981
Choiroblemma.
"Choiroblemma" Bourne, 1980
Cuangoblemma.
"Cuangoblemma" Brignoli, 1974
Fallablemma.
"Fallablemma" Shear, 1978
Gunasekara.
"Gunasekara" Lehtinen, 1981
Hexablemma.
"Hexablemma" Berland, 1920
Indicoblemma.
"Indicoblemma" Bourne, 1980
Lamania.
"Lamania" Lehtinen, 1981
Lehtinenia.
"Lehtinenia" Tong & Li, 2008
Maijana.
"Maijana" Lehtinen, 1981
Mariblemma.
"Mariblemma" Lehtinen, 1981
Matta.
"Matta" Crosby, 1934
Micromatta.
"Micromatta" Lehtinen, 1981
Monoblemma.
"Monoblemma" Gertsch, 1941
Paculla.
"Paculla" Simon, 1887
Pahanga.
"Pahanga" Shear, 1979
Perania.
"Perania" Thorell, 1890
Rhinoblemma.
"Rhinoblemma" Lehtinen, 1981
Sabahya.
"Sabahya" Deeleman-Reinhold, 1980
Shearella.
"Shearella" Lehtinen, 1981
Singalangia.
"Singalangia" Lehtinen, 1981
Singaporemma.
"Singaporemma" Shear, 1978
Sulaimania.
"Sulaimania" Lehtinen, 1981
Tetrablemma.
"Tetrablemma" O. P.-Cambridge, 1873

</doc>
<doc id="5893960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893960" title="John M. Stemmons">
John M. Stemmons

John Millard Stemmons (July 10, 1909 - July 20, 2001) was a real estate developer and civic leader in Dallas, Texas. He is best known for his efforts to develop the former flood plain of the Trinity River and his lucrative donation of land for the Stemmons Freeway that was named for his father, Leslie Stemmons.
Stemmons attended public schools in Illinois and Dallas, Texas. He graduated from Sunset High School in Dallas in 1927 and attended Washington and Lee University, where he received a football injury that prevented his service in World War II. He joined his father's company, Industrial Properties Corporation, in 1931. The company's business was the development of the land recovered by the erection of a flood-controlling levee system. He continued with the company after his father's death in 1939, rising to become president of Industrial Properties Corporation in 1954 and Chairman/CEO in 1971. He retired in 1994 and was elected Chairman Emeritus.
Initial development of the recovered land was slowed by the onset of the Great Depression. Stemmons partnered with Trammell Crow in the years following World War II as the growing economy improved the value of the property. Their partnership ended when Crow's proposed Dallas Market Center project would involve considerable borrowing at the rate of 6% interest. Stemmons could not imagine carrying such expensive debt, and so sold his interest to Crow.
Stemmons's donation of of the recovered flood plain to the Texas Highway Department was beneficial in saving the state the cost of acquisition but was even more beneficial to Stemmons and IPC. In the terms of the gift, Stemmons stipulated that frontage roads be added to the project to provide freeway access that vastly increased the value of his property.

</doc>
<doc id="5893973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893973" title="List of Orsolobidae species">
List of Orsolobidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Orsolobidae as of May 29, 2013.
Afrilobus.
"Afrilobus" Griswold & Platnick, 1987
Anopsolobus.
"Anopsolobus" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Ascuta.
"Ascuta" Forster, 1956
Australobus.
"Australobus" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Azanialobus.
"Azanialobus" Griswold & Platnick, 1987
Basibulbus.
"Basibulbus" Ott et al., 2013
Bealeyia.
"Bealeyia" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Calculus.
"Calculus" Purcell, 1910
Chileolobus.
"Chileolobus" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Cornifalx.
"Cornifalx" Hickman, 1979
Dugdalea.
"Dugdalea" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Duripelta.
"Duripelta" Forster, 1956
Falklandia.
"Falklandia" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Hickmanolobus.
"Hickmanolobus" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Losdolobus.
"Losdolobus" Platnick & Brescovit, 1994
Mallecolobus.
"Mallecolobus" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Maoriata.
"Maoriata" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Orongia.
"Orongia" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Orsolobus.
"Orsolobus" Simon, 1893
Osornolobus.
"Osornolobus" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Paralobus.
"Paralobus" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Pounamuella.
"Pounamuella" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Subantarctia.
"Subantarctia" Forster, 1955
Tangata.
"Tangata" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Tasmanoonops.
"Tasmanoonops" Hickman, 1930
Tautukua.
"Tautukua" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Turretia.
"Turretia" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Waiporia.
"Waiporia" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Waipoua.
"Waipoua" Forster & Platnick, 1985
Wiltonia.
"Wiltonia" Forster & Platnick, 1985

</doc>
<doc id="5893985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893985" title="John Notman">
John Notman

John Notman (18101865) was a Scottish-born American architect, who settled in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He is remembered for his churches, and for popularizing the Italianate style and the use of brownstone.
Career.
He was born in Scotland and educated at the Royal Scottish Academy. Notman worked in the office of William Henry Playfair in Edinburgh prior to emigrating to the United States in 1831. He eventually settled in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where one of his first commissions was Laurel Hill Cemetery in 1835. He later opened and operated a successful firm until his death in 1865. Notman was also a founding member of the American Institute of Architects and was committed to establishing professionalism in the practice of architecture in the United States.
Notman is credited with introducing the Italianate style to America. "Riverside", his 1837-39 house in Burlington, NJ for Bishop G.W. Doane, was tremendously influential, and his 1845 Athenaeum of Philadelphia was the first Italianate building in his adopted city. Notman designed a number of suburban villas and country houses, including "Ogontz" (1863) for financier Jay Cooke.
Many of his designs for churches were dictated by the ideas of the Cambridge Camden Society who suggested that Anglican churches of the Low church variety should be built in the Romanesque style, while those of the High church variety be built in the Gothic style. He was also briefly employed by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Philadelphia during construction of the Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul until an argument over the terms of his contract resulted in his dismissal.
Notman was also the architect of the highly influential New Jersey State Lunatic Asylum in Trenton New Jersey of 1847. This building was the first example of the Kirkbride Plan in asylum design.
Following Notman's death, the firm continued for a couple years under his protege George Hewitt.
Churches.
Some of Notman's notable commissions for the Episcopal Church include:

</doc>
<doc id="5893999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5893999" title="Portland–Columbia Pedestrian Bridge">
Portland–Columbia Pedestrian Bridge

History.
A vehicular bridge had been located at the site of the present bridge since 1869. The original structure was a four-span timber bridge with wooden arches which was covered by a wooden shed with a slate roof.
As of December 1, 1953, the bridge on the site was closed to vehicular traffic, which was shifted to the new Portland-Columbia Toll Bridge, built one-quarter mile downstream of the old bridge.
In August 1955, during the remnants of Hurricane Diane, three of the four spans of the timber bridge washed away. Hurricane Diane was the wettest hurricane to ever hit the North American continent and caused record flooding throughout the northeastern US, but particularly the Delaware River watershed. 
Starting in 1957, the bridge was reconstructed as a four-span steel girder bridge system with concrete piers. New guide rails were added in 1996, and an ADA-compliant access ramp were added to the New Jersey side.

</doc>
<doc id="5894004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894004" title="Chris Cross (TV series)">
Chris Cross (TV series)

Chris Cross is a children's sitcom co-produced by Central TV and Cinar, in association with Showtime, in 1993. Based in an English boarding school, it dealt with the transition from single to mixed-sex, and the rivalry between two male characters. It was filmed on location at Thoresby Hall, Nottinghamshire, England. It starred Canadian actress Rachel Blanchard, as the character Dinah.

</doc>
<doc id="5894026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894026" title="Manitoba Crafts Museum and Library">
Manitoba Crafts Museum and Library

The Manitoba Crafts Museum and Library is museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba dedicated to the preservation of handcrafts. It was part of The Crafts Guild of Manitoba until 1997.
The museum started in the 1930s after the establishment of The Canadian Handicrafts Guild, Manitoba Branch (later The Crafts Guild of Manitoba) in 1928.
The library started in the 1930s and originally held resources for teaching basic skills such as knitting and quilting. It has since expanded to include historical texts and design books.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5894027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894027" title="Tara Newz">
Tara Newz

Tara Newz () (also known as Tara News), is a 24 hour Bengali language news channel, covering local news of West Bengal, India and Bangladesh as well as national and international news, was operated by "Broadcast Worldwide Limited", a Public Limited Company, with other channels under its umbrella, viz. TARA Muzik, and TV Southasia. But it is was nationalized on 23 May 2013. Tara Newz was formally launched on 21 February 2005, the International Language Day.

</doc>
<doc id="5894036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894036" title="Hipcrime">
Hipcrime

Hipcrime may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894037" title="Zongo (disambiguation)">
Zongo (disambiguation)

Zongo is a town in Équateur, Democratic Republic of the Congo
Zongo is the name of several notable Burkinabés:
Zongo might also be used to refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894040" title="Ingrid Jensen">
Ingrid Jensen

Ingrid Jensen (born January 12, 1966, in North Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian jazz trumpet player.
Jensen is a graduate of the Berklee College of Music and Malaspina University in Nanaimo, British Columbia. She has been nominated for several Juno awards, winning one with her first release, "Vernal Fields" Her sister, Christine Jensen, plays the saxophone and occasionally performs with Ingrid.
A partial list of musicians with whom Jensen has worked includes: Steve Wilson, Jeff 'Tain' Watts, Dr. Lonnie Smith, Bob Berg, Gary Bartz, Bill Stewart, Terri Lyne Carrington, Geoffrey Keezer, Billy Hart, George Garzone, Chris Connor, Victor Lewis, Clark Terry, Frank Wess, Billy Taylor and the DIVA Big Band. Jensen has also performed on Saturday Night Live with the British soul singer, Corrine Bailey Rae and has been recently playing in the horn section backing actor/singer/comedian Denis Leary.
Discography.
Other Sessions.
with Chris Connor
with Geoff Keezer
with Diva
with Vienna Art Orchestra
with Dena DeRose
with Virginia Mayhew
with Judi Silvano
with the Maria Schneider Orchestra
with the Steve Treseler Group

</doc>
<doc id="5894041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894041" title="Tournedos">
Tournedos

Tournedos can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894043" title="Bifrost (band)">
Bifrost (band)

Bifrost is a Danish rock band that was considered one of the last of the Danish flower power revolution bands. The band is best known for the songs "Hej Maria" (Hello, Maria) and "Det er morgen" (translated: "It's Morning"), both written and sung by keyboardist Tom Lundén. While leading Bifrost, Lundén also wrote the 1976 protest song "I kan ikke slå os ihjel" (translated: "You cannot kill us") as an anthem for the revolutionary hippie commune of Christiania. Founded in 1974, the band consisted of Tom Lundén, Ida Klemann, Finn Jensen, Torben Andersen, Asger Skjold-Rasmussen, Mogens Ficher as well as the singer Peter Gundorph better known as Annapurna. Between 1976 and 1987, Bifrost released seven albums on the CBS and Mercury Records labels.

</doc>
<doc id="5894044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894044" title="The Dallas Guild">
The Dallas Guild

Bridging an unlikely prog/pop highway of Pink Floyd’s 70s soundscape psychedelia and ELO’s punchy synth drenched pop songs, The Dallas Guild have just put the finishing touches to their debut album ”Hello Darkness”.
The band started in frontman Scuta Salamanca’s bedroom in the East End of London in 2003 with a couple of mics, an acoustic guitar and some software. Finding daytimes best to record drums when the neighbours were out, he made the first 4 track EP ”Registration” in 2004 with old friend David Billing (Death Metal Disco Scene/Kylie /Verve remixer). This early material started him on the road to melding synths with acoustic guitar, making pop music in a way that felt natural without trying to copy and without any heroes.
With a handful of self-release limited edition CDs in the shops around London, the lead track ”Men In White Coats” was spotted and picked up for the VW EOS TV commercial which ran in the UK through 2006/7.
Whilst this was happening Scuta had been developing songs for another EP with a new collaborator with an equally as unlikely name – Chopper.
They developed a more expansive sound, recording all the parts to the songs on the album between them, in their new semi proper studio in a warehouse in Stoke Newington.
Nearing the end of recording they caught the ear of Producer / Mixer Paul Stacey (Black Crowes/Oasis/Minuteman/Noisettes) who agreed to mix the record at his old school studio in South London even though the band had no funding.
The result is ”Hello Darkness” the album. A lot of people throw references in to try and describe what they are hearing but it is genuinely a fresh record. It feels like a natural progression out of the heritage of 60s/70s and 80s sounds and songwriting. It’s Modern Psychedelia or is it Space pop – who knows?
The band play live as a 3 piece. In September 2009 they flew out to Tel Aviv especially to play with MGMT and LCD Soundsystem at The Heineken Music Conference gig in the city.
In April 2010 the band were commissioned by the BBC to write the music for their World Cup coverage. They wrote a track using the synths and drum machines from the band and their label (Soviet Science) pulled in a South African Choir to make a piece that crosses both British and South African cultures.
Tracks from their Debut album Hello Darkness are appearing throughout 2010 ahead of their scheduled summer release of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="5894069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894069" title="Sultan Ismail Jamek Mosque">
Sultan Ismail Jamek Mosque

The Sultan Ismail Jamek Mosque is the largest mosque in Batu Pahat town in Johor, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="5894072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894072" title="Huttonia">
Huttonia

Huttonia palpimanoides is a spider in its own family, Huttoniidae.
The species is endemic to New Zealand. Fossils of this class have been found from Cretaceous (Campanian) amber from Alberta and Manitoba, Canada, extending the known geological age of the Huttoniidae back about 80 million years, and supporting the theory of "H. palpimanoides" being an ousted relict species (Penney & Selden, 2006). They are probably closely related to the fossil spider family Spatiatoridae.
The family was divided from the Zodariidae family in 1984, by Forster & Platnick.
Although only one species is described, there are about 20 more undescribed species, all from New Zealand (Forster & Forster, 1999).
The silk of this species is ecribellate (Griswold "et al." 1999).

</doc>
<doc id="5894083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894083" title="List of Mecysmaucheniidae species">
List of Mecysmaucheniidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Mecysmaucheniidae as of May 21, 2010.
Aotearoa.
"Aotearoa" Forster & Platnick, 1984
Chilarchaea.
"Chilarchaea" Forster & Platnick, 1984
Mecysmauchenioides.
"Mecysmauchenioides" Forster & Platnick, 1984
Mecysmauchenius.
"Mecysmauchenius" Simon, 1884
Mesarchaea.
"Mesarchaea" Forster & Platnick, 1984
Semysmauchenius.
"Semysmauchenius" Forster & Platnick, 1984
Zearchaea.
"Zearchaea" Wilton, 1946

</doc>
<doc id="5894084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894084" title="Jamek Bandar Baru UDA Mosque">
Jamek Bandar Baru UDA Mosque

The Jamek Bandar Baru UDA mosque (Malay: Masjid Jamek Bandar Baru UDA) is a main mosque in Bandar Baru UDA in Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="5894091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894091" title="Mexicali Blues (song)">
Mexicali Blues (song)

"Mexicali Blues" is a song from Bob Weir's 1972 "Ace" solo album that, like the rest of the material on that record, was "de facto" by the Grateful Dead. Indeed it appears on the 1974 "" compilation.
"Mexicali Blues" was written by Bob Weir and lyricist John Perry Barlow. This was the first songwriting collaboration for Weir and Barlow. Barlow has noted that Weir had an idea for a "cowboy song" and asked Barlow to write the lyrics after Robert Hunter declined. Weir would soon switch to using Barlow rather than Hunter for the bulk of his songwriting.
The song concerns a man who had recently ridden into town from Bakersfield, meets a girl named "Billie Jean", falls under her spell, who then tells the narrator to shoot a stranger when she tells him that unless he uses his gun to prevent it, the stranger will take her away. He shoots and kills the stranger (who never even drew his gun in the first place and was most likely an authority figure given the consequences that happen next), and flees into the desert rather than face hanging for his crime.

</doc>
<doc id="5894093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894093" title="John Langford-Holt">
John Langford-Holt

Sir John Anthony Langford-Holt (30 June 1916 - 23 July 1993) was a British Conservative Member of Parliament for Shrewsbury from 1945 to 1983. Unlike most other members of Parliament, Sir John made it clear that he would never seek ministerial office and would refuse it he were offered such a post.
He was born in Studdale, Waldershare, Kent on 30 June 1916 and educated at Shrewsbury School. During the war, he served as a pilot, first in the Battle of Britain and later with the Fleet Air Arm.
During his political career, his positions included serving on the Parliamentary Science Committee, the Estimates Committee, the Expenditure Committee and the Select Committee on Defence. During Churchill's later years, he was entrusted by the Tory Whips to look after the grand old man himself.
He married Elisabeth Neustadtl in 1943. The couple were divorced in 1951, and she remarried Major Robert Rivers-Bulkeley. In 1953, he remarried Flora Stuart until the marriage dissolved in 1969. Following this, he was married for the last time to Irene Kerr. He died in London on 23 July 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5894096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894096" title="Avdo Međedović">
Avdo Međedović

Avdo Međedović ( – 1953) was a Montenegrin Bosniak "guslar" (gusle player and oral poet) from Sandžak. He was the most versatile and skillful performer of all those encountered by Milman Parry and Albert Lord during their research on the oral epic tradition of Bosnia, Herzegovina and Montenegro in the 1930s. At Parry's request Avdo undertook to produce an epic of similar extent to the "Iliad" (15,690 lines), since Parry needed to investigate whether a poet in an oral tradition would be able to maintain a theme over such length. Avdo dictated, over three days and many cups of coffee (which, in turn, required much urination), a version of the well-known theme "The Wedding of Meho Smailagić" that was 12,323 lines long. On another occasion he sang over several days an epic of 13,331 lines. He claimed to have several others of similar length in his repertoire.
Many years afterwards the "Wedding" was published in 1974 by Lord with a parallel English translation.
Early life.
Međedović was a Bosniak born in the town of Bijelo Polje in 1875, while it was a part of the Ottoman Empire. His family had Serbian Orthodox ancestry, being related to the Rovčani and coming from Nikšić, having been converted in the past centuries, though Avdo himself did not know when or why the family converted to Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="5894107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894107" title="Tovey">
Tovey

Tovey can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894110" title="List of Micropholcommatidae species">
List of Micropholcommatidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Micropholcommatidae as of June 10, 2011.
Algidiella.
"Algidiella" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Austropholcomma.
"Austropholcomma" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Eperiella.
"Eperiella" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Epigastrina.
"Epigastrina" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Eterosonycha.
"Eterosonycha" Butler, 1932
Gigiella.
"Gigiella" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Guiniella.
"Guiniella" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Micropholcomma.
"Micropholcomma" Crosby & Bishop, 1927
Normplatnicka.
"Normplatnicka" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Olgania.
"Olgania" Hickman, 1979
Patelliella.
"Patelliella" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Pua.
"Pua" Forster, 1959
Raveniella.
"Raveniella" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Rayforstia.
"Rayforstia" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Taliniella.
"Taliniella" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Taphiassa.
"Taphiassa" Simon, 1880
Teutoniella.
"Teutoniella" Brignoli, 1981
Tinytrella.
"Tinytrella" Rix & Harvey, 2010
Tricellina.
"Tricellina" Forster & Platnick, 1989

</doc>
<doc id="5894117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894117" title="List of Pararchaeidae species">
List of Pararchaeidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Pararchaeidae as of May 21, 2010.
Anarchaea.
"Anarchaea" Rix, 2006
Flavarchaea.
"Flavarchaea" Rix, 2006
Forstrarchaea.
"Forstrarchaea" Rix, 2006
Nanarchaea.
"Nanarchaea" Rix, 2006
Ozarchaea.
"Ozarchaea" Rix, 2006
Pararchaea.
"Pararchaea" Forster, 1955
Westrarchaea.
"Westrarchaea" Rix, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="5894122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894122" title="List of Palpimanidae species">
List of Palpimanidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Palpimanidae as of Aug. 23, 2013.
Anisaedus.
"Anisaedus" Simon, 1893
Badia.
"Badia" Roewer, 1961
Boagrius.
"Boagrius" Simon, 1893
Chedima.
"Chedima" Simon, 1873
Diaphorocellus.
"Diaphorocellus" Simon, 1893
Fernandezina.
"Fernandezina" Birabén, 1951
Hybosida.
"Hybosida" Simon, 1898
Ikuma.
"Ikuma" Lawrence, 1938
Levymanus.
"Levymanus" Zonstein & Marusik, 2013
Notiothops.
"Notiothops" Platnick, Grismado & Ramírez, 1999
Otiothops.
"Otiothops" MacLeay, 1839
Palpimanus.
"Palpimanus" Dufour, 1820
Sarascelis.
"Sarascelis" Simon, 1887
Scelidocteus.
"Scelidocteus" Simon, 1907
Scelidomachus.
"Scelidomachus" Pocock, 1899
Steriphopus.
"Steriphopus" Simon, 1887

</doc>
<doc id="5894124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894124" title="Meadowfoam seed oil">
Meadowfoam seed oil

Meadowfoam seed oil is an edible seed oil, extracted from the seeds of "Limnanthes alba" (meadowfoam). The seeds contain 20-30% oil. Meadowfoam seed oil is extraordinarily stable, primarily because it contains over 98% long chain fatty acids. Meadowfoam oil is most similar to rapeseed oil, with which it competes directly for the high-volume industrial oilseed applications. Meadowfoam oil is widely used in cosmetic and hair-care applications due to its stability, lubricity and ability to stay on the skin.

</doc>
<doc id="5894126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894126" title="List of Stenochilidae species">
List of Stenochilidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Stenochilidae as of Oct. 7, 2009.
Colopea.
"Colopea" Simon, 1893
Stenochilus.
"Stenochilus" O. P.-Cambridge, 1870

</doc>
<doc id="5894131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894131" title="Percy Grieve">
Percy Grieve

William Percival (Percy) Grieve, QC (25 March 1915 – 22 August 1998) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Grieve was educated at Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He became a barrister, called by Middle Temple in 1938, and a Queen's Counsel in 1962. He was assistant recorder of Leicester 1956-65 and became recorder of Northampton in 1965 and Deputy Chairman of Lincoln (Holland) Quarter Sessions in 1962.
Grieve contested the Lincoln by-election, 1962, where he lost heavily to Labour's Dick Taverne. At the 1964 general election, he was returned as Member of Parliament (MP) for Solihull, and re-elected until his retirement from Parliament at the 1983 general election.
His son Dominic Grieve was elected MP for Beaconsfield at the 1997 general election, and became Attorney General for England and Wales in May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="5894137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894137" title="Black-Throated Wind">
Black-Throated Wind

"Black-Throated Wind" is the second track from Grateful Dead member Bob Weir's solo debut, "Ace". The song was written by Weir and lyricist John Perry Barlow about the experiences Barlow had on a road trip from New York to San Francisco in 1971. Barlow has said that the experience was "right out of "Easy Rider","[http://www.litkicks.com/Topics/BarlowOnNeal.html] in that he was accosted by locals in the American South for having long hair.
The song was performed by the Grateful Dead frequently in 1972, as heard on the live "Europe '72 Volume 2", ', "Dick's Picks Volume 24", and "Dick's Picks Volume 30". It also appears twice on '. In addition, as part of the band's set at Winterland in October 1974, it appears on the Grateful Dead's fifth live album, Steal Your Face, released in 1976. The song was dropped from the setlist after 1974, and then was played occasionally after 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="5894139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894139" title="List of Mysmenidae species">
List of Mysmenidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Mysmenidae as of Oct. 28, 2013.
Anjouanella.
"Anjouanella" Baert, 1986
Brasilionata.
"Brasilionata" Wunderlich, 1995
Calodipoena.
"Calodipoena" Gertsch & Davis, 1936
Calomyspoena.
"Calomyspoena" Baert & Maelfait, 1983
Chanea.
"Chanea" Miller, Griswold & Yin, 2009
Gaoligonga.
"Gaoligonga" Miller, Griswold & Yin, 2009
Iardinis.
"Iardinis" Simon, 1899
Isela.
"Isela" Griswold, 1985
Itapua.
"Itapua" Baert, 1984
Kekenboschiella.
"Kekenboschiella" Baert, 1982
Kilifina.
"Kilifina" Baert & Murphy, 1992
Leviola.
"Leviola" Miller, 1970
Maymena.
"Maymena" Gertsch, 1960
Microdipoena.
"Microdipoena" Banks, 1895
Mosu.
"Mosu" Miller, Griswold & Yin, 2009
Mysmena.
"Mysmena" Simon, 1894
Mysmenella.
"Mysmenella" Brignoli, 1980
Mysmeniola.
"Mysmeniola" Thaler, 1995
Mysmenopsis.
"Mysmenopsis" Simon, 1897
Phricotelus.
"Phricotelus" Simon, 1895
Simaoa.
"Simaoa" Miller, Griswold & Yin, 2009
Tamasesia.
"Tamasesia" Marples, 1955
Trogloneta.
"Trogloneta" Simon, 1922

</doc>
<doc id="5894140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894140" title="Manitoba Electrical Museum">
Manitoba Electrical Museum

Manitoba Electrical Museum and Education Centre is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, dedicated to the electrical history of Manitoba. It is a volunteer organization run by retired members of Manitoba Hydro. The museum is housed in a converted electrical substation building. The museum is free to the public, open 1 - 4 Monday to Thursday and by appointment.
Collection.
The museum follows the history through six themes from the 1870s to the present, and looks into the future. On the lower level, hands-on safety activities and seasonal displays are featured. Electricity and electrical safety movies can be shown in the orientation room on the lower level, as well as a collection of vintage Gas Genies. A turbine runner is on permanent display at the Manitoba Electrical Museum.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5894145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894145" title="U.S. Naval Hospital, Subic Bay">
U.S. Naval Hospital, Subic Bay

U.S. Naval Hospital, Subic Bay (also the Navy Regional Medical Center) was the main medical facility of the U.S. Naval Forces, Philippines. In 1992, after the Philippine government decided not to renew that agreement with the U.S. for bases, the Subic Bay Naval Base (along with Clark Air Force Base) were abandoned by the U.S.
History.
U.S. Naval Hospital at Subic Bay was opened on 13 July 1956 as U.S. Naval Station Hospital, Subic Bay. In January 1973, the hospital expanded its command scope, adding the dispensaries at Naval Station Subic Bay, Naval Air Station Cubi Point, Naval Communication Transmitting Facility, Capas in Tarlac, and the Joint Military Group Manila. On 7 March 1977, the Hospital was designated as a "Regional Medical Center". On 1 August 1983, the Naval Medical Command, Pacific Region, Hawaii became the Subic Bay U.S. Naval Hospital's parent command. In 1989, the U.S. Navy Medical command was reorganized and the hospital began to report directly to the Commander, U.S. Naval Forces, Philippines.
The hospital had 90 beds, with the ability to expand to 141 beds.
The last Commanding Officer was Captain Vernon M. Peters, MSC, USN. The facility was officially closed on November 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="5894146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894146" title="List of Symphytognathidae species">
List of Symphytognathidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Symphytognathidae as of Apr. 12, 2013.
Anapistula.
"Anapistula" Gertsch, 1941
Anapogonia.
"Anapogonia" Simon, 1905
Crassignatha.
"Crassignatha" Wunderlich, 1995
Curimagua.
"Curimagua" Forster & Platnick, 1977
Globignatha.
"Globignatha" Balogh & Loksa, 1968
Patu.
"Patu" Marples, 1951
Symphytognatha.
"Symphytognatha" Hickman, 1931

</doc>
<doc id="5894154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894154" title="List of Synaphridae species">
List of Synaphridae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Synaphridae as of June 10, 2011.
Africepheia.
"Africepheia" Miller, 2007
Cepheia.
"Cepheia" Simon, 1894
Synaphris.
"Synaphris" Simon, 1894

</doc>
<doc id="5894162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894162" title="List of Synotaxidae species">
List of Synotaxidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Synotaxidae as of Sept. 25, 2011.
Calcarsynotaxus.
"Calcarsynotaxus" Wunderlich, 1995
Chileotaxus.
"Chileotaxus" Platnick, 1990
Mangua.
"Mangua" Forster, 1990
Meringa.
"Meringa" Forster, 1990
Microsynotaxus.
"Microsynotaxus" Wunderlich, 2008
Nomaua.
"Nomaua" Forster, 1990
Pahora.
"Pahora" Forster, 1990
Pahoroides.
"Pahoroides" Forster, 1990
Paratupua.
"Paratupua" Platnick, 1990
Physoglenes.
"Physoglenes" Simon, 1904
Runga.
"Runga" Forster, 1990
Synotaxus.
"Synotaxus" Simon, 1895
Tupua.
"Tupua" Platnick, 1990
Zeatupua.
"Zeatupua" Fitzgerald & Sirvid, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="5894166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894166" title="Eunice Pringle">
Eunice Pringle

Eunice Irene Pringle (born March 5, 1912, Garden Grove, California — died March 26, 1996) was an aspiring dancer, notable for accusing Los Angeles movie-house owner Alexander Pantages of rape in 1929, resulting in a sensational trial.
1929 Rape Trial.
Pringle alleged that the Greek immigrant Pantages had attacked her on August 9, 1929 in a tiny side-office of his downtown theater after she came to see him to discuss her audition. Newspaper coverage of the trial, particularly by William Randolph Hearst's "Los Angeles Examiner", was antagonistic towards the Greek-accented Pantages, while portraying Pringle as the innocent victim. In countless stories in the "Examiner" from the moment the case broke in the newspaper on Saturday, August 10, 1929, until the end of the trial, Pantages was portrayed as variously alone, aloof, cold, emotionless, effete, and 'European,' while the American-born Pringle was portrayed as "the sweetest 17 since Clara Bow.". There were portraits with her family, tearful outbursts in court and lengthy interviews in the press, which depicted her with a sense of decorum and empathy. Pantages granted no interviews during the trial.
Pantages was found guilty and he was sentenced to 50 years in prison.
However, he successfully overturned his conviction on appeal.
Hollywood myths have alleged that Joseph P. Kennedy, the patriarch of the famous American family, paid Pringle $10,000 to enter Pantages's office and accuse him of rape, with the goal of destroying his reputation and business prospects and forcing Pantages to accept Kennedy's bid to buy Pantages's theatre chain. Pantages had adamantly refused to sell when Kennedy initially approached him.
Later years.
The conviction destroyed Pantages's reputation. Despite his success on appeal, he sold his chain to Kennedy's RKO and Warner Bros. After the incident, Pringle withdrew from show business.
Later, the story circulated that Pringle implicated Kennedy in a deathbed confession in the throes of evident cyanide poisoning soon after the trial. This alleged incident is described in Ronald Kessler's biography of Kennedy, "Sins of the Father", as well as Kenneth Anger's "Hollywood Babylon". The fact that Pringle actually died more than 60 years after this "confession" calls into question Kennedy's supposed role.
In 1935, Pringle married Robert White, the heir to a furniture business. After divorcing White, she married Richard Ellis Worthington, a psychologist, in 1947. They lived in Chicago for several years before moving to San Diego County in 1955. The couple had one child, a daughter, Marcy. Pringle died in 1996, aged 84.

</doc>
<doc id="5894168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894168" title="Slavery at common law">
Slavery at common law

Slavery at common law in former colonies of the British Empire developed slowly over centuries, and was characterised by inconsistent decisions and varying rationales for the treatment of slavery, the slave trade, and the rights of slaves and slave owners. Within Britain, until 1807, except for statutes facilitating and taxing the international slave trade, there was virtually no legislative intervention in relation to slaves as property, and accordingly the common law had something of a "free hand" to develop, untrammeled by the "paralysing hand of the Parliamentary draftsmen".
Some groups assert slavery was not recognised as lawful, often on the basis of pronouncements such as those attributed to Lord Mansfield, that "the air of England is too pure for any slave to breathe." However the true legal position has been both nuanced and complex through the relevant time period.
Early common law.
For most of the early common law history, the courts were not called upon to consider the position in relation to slavery. However, the law did, from at least the time of the Magna Carta of 1215 recognise that all persons had a basic right to liberty, and it was recognised before that date that persons had a basic right not to be the subject of assaults by others. Accordingly, it has been subsequently argued (most famously by Granville Sharp in Somersett's Case) that as slavery usually involved one or both of these things, it would only be lawful if there was positive legal impetus for its legality. However, this analysis does not square particularly well with the law of the time as a whole; serfdom, and later villeiny, involved both a loss of freedom and in certain circumstances the law permitted physical chastisement of serfs, villeins and even indentured apprentices.
In 1102 the Council of Westminster held in London issued a decree: "Let no one hereafter presume to engage in that nefarious trade in which hitherto in England men were usually sold like brute animals." The legislative force of this decree is not certain; it was intended to abolish the trading of serfs in London, but the decree is sometimes cited as authority for the proposition that trading in slaves became illegal in England at that date. Even if that is correct (which is open to question, subsequent cases distinguishing between villeiny (although not serfdom) and slavery), it is clear that the law was not expressed to abrogate the status of either serfs generally, or slaves who were brought to England from abroad. There are also reports relating to Irish decree in 1171 "that all the English slaves in the whole of Ireland, be immediately emancipated and restored to their former liberty." The same source indicates that slavery in England was abolished by a general charter of emancipation in 1381.[http://www.fullbooks.com/The-Anti-Slavery-Examiner-Part-2-of-41.html] Other historical sources for such an emancipation proclamation appear thin, although the date would coincide with the Peasants' Revolt, after which a number of concessions were made by the 14 year old King Richard II, which were later rescinded. Certainly villeinage continued in England, slowly decaying, until the last villein died in the early 17th century.
In later common law cases, none of the foregoing decrees or proclamations were cited or referred to as binding law in relation to the status of slaves generally.
Cartwright's case.
In 1569 a man, Cartwright, was observed savagely beating another, which in law would have amounted to a battery, unless a defence could be mounted. Cartwright averred that the man was a slave whom he had brought to England from Russia, and thus such chastisement was not unlawful. The case is reported by John Rushworth in his 1721 summary of John Lilburne's case of 1649. He wrote: "Whipping was painful and shameful, Flagellation for Slaves. In the Eleventh of Elizabeth one Cartwright brought a Slave from Russia, and would scourge him, for which he was questioned; and it was resolved, That England was too pure an Air for Slaves to breath in. And indeed it was often resolved, even in Star-Chamber, That no Gentleman was to be whipt for any offence whatsoever; and his whipping was too severe." it is reported that the court held that the man must be freed, and it is often said that the court held "that England was too pure an air for a slave to breathe in."
Subsequent citations of the effect of the case was actually to impose limits on the physical punishment on slaves, rather than to express comment on legality of slavery generally. In the case of John Lilburne in 1649, the defendant's counsel relied upon "Cartwright's case" to show that the severity of a whipping received by Lilburne exceeded that permitted by law. In none of subsequent common law cases prior to Somersett's case was Cartwright's case cited as authority for the proposition that slavery was unlawful. However, those disputes predominantly concerned disputes between slave merchants (the notable exception being "Shanley v Harvey", as to which see below), for whom it would have been commercially unwise to plead that slavery was unlawful.
It is inferred that because he was from Russia Cartwright's slave was white, and probably a Christian, although this is not recorded. However, it is not impossible that he was African, as although they were uncommon, African slaves in Russia were not unknown prior to the emergence of the Atlantic slave trade.
African slave trade and the common law.
However, the initial opposition of the courts of England to the status of slavery began to change with the rising importance of the African slave trade. An extensive traffic in black slaves from Africa began in the 17th century, primarily to supply labour for the sugar and tobacco plantations in British colonies abroad. In 1660, what became the Royal African Company was chartered by the King with a monopoly in the trade, and in 1698, an act of parliament opened the trade to all English subjects. In the Caribbean, Barbados became an English Colony in 1624 and Jamaica in 1655. These and other Caribbean colonies became the center of wealth and the focus of the slave trade for the growing English empire. English merchants were prominent in the slave trade, and in commercial disputes slavery soon presented the English courts with novel legal questions. Under the "lex mercatoria" slaves were treated as chattels, with few if any rights, but the English courts did not always recognise mercantile custom as law. The question arose in English courts because personal actions could be laid in England even if the cause of action arose abroad.
The "infidel" rationale.
Initially, the courts held that an action for trover would lie for blacks, as if they were chattels, but this was reasoned on the grounds that they were infidels rather than slaves, and lacked the rights enjoyed by Christians; (reasoning which would later find echoes in the U.S. case of "Dred Scott v. Sandford" 60 U.S. (19 How.) 393 (1857)) but Judge Holt was to later reject this analysis, and also denied the possibility of bringing an "assumpsit" on the sale of a negro in England: "as soon as a negro comes to England he is free; one may be a villein in England, but not a slave." However, this comment was construed as more of an admonition against careless pleading rather than a reproach to slave dealers. The plaintiff was felt to have simply overdone the fictions, and was allowed to amend his declaration to allege the sale of a slave in the royal colony of Virginia, where slavery was recognised by colonial law, and the English courts would recognise and enforce the rights arising under Virginian law. Slaves were regularly bought and sold on the Liverpool and London markets, and actions on contract concerning slaves were common in the 18th century without any serious suggestion that they were void for illegality. Even the statement made in the various trover decisions appear to have been directed to good pleading rather than the legality of slavery: a pleading which averred the conversion of a "negro" rather than a "slave" would fail, as there was no inherent reason why a black person should not be a free man. In 1706 Chief Justice Holt refused an action for trover in relation to a slave holding that no man could have property in another, but held that an alternative action, trespass "quare captivum suum cepit", would be available, which was actually felt to have strengthened the legal position of slaveowners.
Ultimately the comments made in Holt's decisions had little long term effect. In 1700 there was no extensive use of slave labour in England as there was in the colonies. African servants were common as status symbols, but their treatment was not comparable to that of plantation slaves in the colonies. The legal problems that were most likely to arise in England were if a slave were to escape in transit, or if a slave-owner from the colonies brought over a slave and expected to continue exercising his power to prevent the slave from leaving his service. Increasing numbers of slaves were indeed brought into England in the 18th century, and this may help to explain the growing awareness of the problems presented by the existence of slavery. Quite apart from the moral considerations, there was an obvious conflict between the mercantile custom of recognizing property in slaves and the English tradition of freedom protected by "habeas corpus". If the courts acknowledged the property which was generally assumed to exist in slaves in the colonies, how would such property rights be treated if a slave was subsequently brought to England?
The Yorke–Talbot slavery opinion.
However, the decisions of Holt had caused sufficient consternation as to the legal status of slaves that some slave owners sought clarity of the law. In 1729 various slave owners obtained the Yorke–Talbot slavery opinion made by the Crown's principal law officers at one of the Inns of Court. The law officers opined that under English law (i) a slave's status did not change when he came to England, (ii) a slave could be compelled to return to the colonies from England, and (iii) that baptism would not manumit a slave. The opinion cited no authorities, and set out no legal rationale for the views expressed in it, but it was widely published and relied upon. One of the authors of the opinion, Lord Hardwicke (although at the time he was only known as Philip Yorke), subsequently endorsed the views expressed in the opinion (although not expressly referring to it) whilst sitting in judicial capacity in "Pearne v Lisle" (1749) Amb 75, 27 ER 47. The case revolved around title to fourteen slaves who were in Antigua, and involved a number of technical points as to colonial law. But Lord Hardwicke held that slavery was not contrary to English law, and that as the common law of England applied at the time to Antigua, that slavery was not unlawful in Antigua.
At this time the cases in which the English courts had recognised property in slaves had arisen from purely commercial disputes and did not establish any rights exercisable as against the slaves themselves, if the slave was within the jurisdiction. As with villeins centuries before, the analogy with chattels (as between putative owners) failed to answer the leading question whether slaves could establish their freedom by bringing suit in the courts (as between slave and owner). The writ "de homine replegiando" was outmoded, and so the usual eighteenth-century question was whether "habeas corpus" lay to free slaves from captivity. Sir William Blackstone was in no doubt that "the spirit of liberty is so deeply ingrained in our constitution" that a slave, the moment he lands in England, is free. Other prominent lawyers, such as Lord Hardwicke and Lord Mansfield, felt that it was better to recognise slavery, and to impose regulation on the slave trade rather than to withdraw from it, since less enlightened nations would reap the benefits of abolition and slaves would suffer the consequences. The "infidel" argument for maintaining African slaves as chattels was abandoned in the middle of the 18th century, since by then many slaves had been converted to Christianity without gaining "de facto" freedom; and legal justifications for slave ownership were now sought by analogy with the old law of villeinage.
"Shanley v Harvey".
In "Shanley v Harvey" (1763) 2 Eden 126, a claim was instituted by Shanley as administrator of the estate of his deceased niece.
Shanley had brought Harvey as a child slave, to England, 12 years earlier and had given him to his niece. She had him baptised and had changed his name. She became very ill and about an hour before her death, she gave Harvey about £800 in cash (a substantial sum in those days), asked him to pay the butcher's bill and to make good use of the money. After her death, Shanley brought an action against Harvey to recover the money.
Lord Henley, the Lord Chancellor, dismissed the action, with costs against Shanley. In his judgment he held that as soon as a person set foot on English soil, he or she became free and that a "negro" might maintain an action against his or her master for ill usage, together with an application for "habeas corpus" if detained. However, such comments were not necessary for the decision in the case, and in law were only "obiter dictum" and not binding on subsequent courts.
"R v Stapylton".
One of the few non-commercial disputes relating to slavery arose in "R v Stapylton" (1771, unreported) in which Lord Mansfield sat. Stapylton was charged after attempting to forcibly deport his purported slave, Thomas Lewis. Stapylton's defence rested on the basis that as Lewis was his slave, his actions were lawful.
Lord Mansfield had the opportunity to use a legal procedure at the time in criminal cases referred to as the Twelve Judges to determine points of law (which were not for the jury) in criminal matters. However, he shied away from doing so, and sought (unsuccessfully) to dissuade the parties from using the legality of slavery as the basis of the defence.
In the end Mansfield directed the jury that they should presume Lewis was a free man, unless Stapylton was able to prove otherwise. He further directed the jury that unless they found that Stapylton was the legal owner of Lewis "you will find the Defendant guilty". Interestingly, Lewis was permitted to testify. The jury convicted. However, in the course of his summing up, Lord Mansfield was careful to say "whether they owners have this kind of property or not in England has never been solemnly determined."
James Somersett's case.
The question of a slave's rights as against his putative master (as opposed to merchant's rights as against each other) eventually came before Lord Mansfield and the King's Bench in 1771. A writ of "habeas corpus" had been issued to secure the release of James Somersett, a negro confined in irons on board a ship arrived in the Thames from Virginia, bound for Jamaica, and the return stated that he was a slave under the law of Virginia. Lord Mansfield was anxious to avoid the issue principle, and pressed the parties to settle; but the case was taken up by the West India merchants, who wanted to know whether slaves were a safe investment, and by abolitionists such as Granville Sharp, so that it became a "cause célèbre". The law of villeinage was turned by Somersett's counsel into an argument against slavery, since the kind of proof that was required to establish villein status was not available in claiming slaves. After arguments closed it still took Lord Mansfield 3 agonising months before he delivered his judgment, which in the end, was short and delivered orally only. In the event the court ordered in 1772 that "the black must be discharged". But Lord Mansfield, while stating that slavery was "odious", did not decide that slavery was unlawful, nor even that Somersett was no longer a slave, confining himself to the narrow point that a slave could not be made to leave England against his will. The decision also left aside the problem in the conflict of laws; if a person was a slave by law of his domicile, which was not disputed in the case of Somersett, a mere temporary presence in England would not set him free permanently, even for the purpose of English law. Several contract cases concerning overseas slaves in fact came before Lord Mansfield, and counsel did not even think it worth arguing that the contracts were illegal or contrary to public policy.
Joseph Knight's case.
Two years after the Mansfield decision in England, a servant in Scotland, Joseph Knight, sought the freedom to leave the employment of John Wedderburn of Ballendean, and claimed in his pleadings that the very act of landing in Scotland freed him from perpetual servitude, as slavery was not recognised in Scotland (records do not now record whether this was on the basis of the Mansfield decision). Many years earlier Knight had been purchased by Wedderburn in Jamaica from a slave trader, although his status at the time of the trial was the subject of disagreement (Knight averred that Wedderburn wished to take him back to Jamaica to sell him on as a slave in the colonies, which Wedderburn denied).
The case caused disagreement in the courts as Wedderburn, referred to through the document as "The Complainer", insisted that slavery and perpetual servitude were different states. He argued that in Scots law Knight, even though he was not recognised as a slave, was still bound to provide perpetual service in the same manner as an indentured servant or an apprenticed artisan. The Justices of the Peace in Perth, at first instance, found in favour of Wedderburn. However, when Knight then appealed to the Sheriff Deputy the first instance decision was then overturned. Wedderburn then made a further appeal to the Lords of Council and Session. The Court of Session emphatically rejected Wedderburn's appeal, ruling that "the dominion assumed over this Negro, under the law of Jamaica, being unjust, could not be supported in this country to any extent: That, therefore, the defender had no right to the Negro’s service for any space of time, nor to send him out of the country against his consent: That the Negro was likewise protected under the act 1701, c.6. from being sent out of the country against his consent."
Evidence presented by both sides in the case survives in the National Archives of Scotland (reference CS235/K/2/2).[http://www.nas.gov.uk/about/071022.asp]
"Zong" massacre.
In late November or early December 1781 the captain and crew of the ship "Zong" threw various African slaves into the sea off the island of Hispaniola, ostensibly to save the lives of the remaining slaves as provisions were short. The shipowners then sought to claim under policies of insurance, arguing that jettisoning the cargo constituted a recoverable loss, even though it necessarily resulted in the murder of the slaves. In the first round of legal proceedings a jury initially held for the shipowners and upheld the claim. On a subsequent application to set that judgment aside, Lord Mansfield indicated that the jury in the initial trial "had no doubt (though it shocks one very much) that the Case of Slaves was the same as if Horses had been thrown over board ... ". That finding was overturned and fresh trial ordered, but in both legal actions it was accepted in principal by the court that the killing of the negro slaves was permissible, and did not thereby invalidate the insurance by virtue of being an unlawful act. Shortly afterwards provisions in the Slave Trade Act 1788 made it unlawful to insure against similar losses of slaves.
"R v Hodge".
In 1811, Arthur Hodge became the first (and only) British subject ever to stand trial for the murder of a slave. As part of his defence, Hodge argued that "A Negro being property, it was no greater offense for his master to kill him than it would be to kill his dog," but the court did not accept the submission, and point was dismissed summarily.for the prosecution averred that killing a slave had always been contrary to the common law, but cited no authority for this proposition.[http://memory.loc.gov/cgi-bin/ampage?collId=llst&fileName=064/llst064.db&recNum=172&itemLink=r%3Fammem%2Fllst%3A%40field%28DOCID%2B%40lit%28llst064div1%29%29%3A%230640004&linkText=1</ref> Counsel for the prosecution also obliquely referred to the Amelioration Act 1798 passed by the Legislature of the Leeward Islands, which applied in the British Virgin Islands. That Act provided for penalties for slave owners who inflicted cruel or unusual punishments on their slaves, but it only provides for fines, and does not expressly indicate that a slave owner could be guilty of a greater crime such as murder or another offence against the person.
The trial took place under English common law in British Virgin Islands. However, there was no appeal (Hodge was executed a mere eight days after the jury handed down their verdict). The jury (composed largely of slave owners) actually recommended mercy, but the court nonetheless sentenced Hodge to death, and so the directions of the trial judge are not treated by commentators as an authoritative precedent.
Subsequent legislation.
The common law, ultimately, would go no further. But the decision of 1772 in James Somersett's case was widely understood as freeing slaves in England, and whilst perhaps not entirely legally accurate, this perception was fuelled by the growing abolitionist movement, although this was scarcely an accurate reflection of the decision. Slavery did not, like villeinage, die naturally from adverse public opinion, because vested mercantile interests were too valuable. In 1788 the Slave Trade Act 1788 was passed, partly in response to the "Zong" Massacre to ameliorate the conditions under which slaves might be transported (the Act would be renewed several times before being made permanent in 1799). In 1792 the House of Commons voted in favour of "gradual" abolition, and in 1807 parliament outlawed the African slave trade by legislation. This prevented British merchants exporting any more people from Africa, but it did not alter the status of the several million existing slaves, and the courts continued to recognise colonial slavery. The abolitionists therefore turned their attention to the emancipation of West Indian slaves. Legally, this was difficult to achieve, since it required the compulsory divesting of private property; but it was finally done in 1833, at a cost of £20 million paid from public funds in compensation to slave owners. With no sense of irony, whilst slave owners were compensated for their loss, the freed slaves themselves received no compensation for their forced labour. From 1 August 1834, all slaves in the British colonies were "absolutely and forever manumitted."
In the American colonies, it was widely assumed that positive law was needed to make slavery lawful, and various royal colonies passed laws to this effect.

</doc>
<doc id="5894173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894173" title="Belmont Shore RFC">
Belmont Shore RFC

Belmont Shore Rugby Football Club is an American rugby union team named after the Belmont Shore neighborhood of Long Beach, California, which has a tradition of amateur rugby.
History.
The Belmont Shore team was founded in 1974, and was one of the original US Rugby Super League teams in 1997. The team has been in the Super League Finals in seven of the past ten championships. They have been league champions four times, most recently in 2007. They were runners-up to the New York Athletic Club team in 2005, and to the San Diego-based Old Mission Beach Athletic Club team in 2006.
Belmont Shore dropped out of the Rugby Super League in October, 2009.
Teams.
Belmont Shore features adult and youth divisions. The adult division competes in Division I; the youth division features 6 teams - U-9 through U19.
Sponsorship.
The SuperLeague's primary sponsor is Michelob Amber Bock, with each individual team receiving a portion of those revenues. In addition to Amber Bock, Belmont Shore has individual sponsorships. Notable primary sponsors include CP Ships and Dr Pepper/7Up. Also DCL Direct (Direct Container Line) and Kudu Rugby.
Notable players.
"Note: caps and participation are accurate as of 10 August 2006"
Other rugby teams in Long Beach.
Besides Belmont Shore RFC, there is the Belmont Shore Women's Rugby Football Club (nicknamed the "Landsharks", they have two national championships), Coast Women's RFC, and a men's club team at Long Beach State (which has made the National Final Four on four occasions),

</doc>
<doc id="5894187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894187" title="List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Essex">
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Essex

This is a list of the Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSIs) in Essex, England, United Kingdom. In England the body responsible for designating SSSIs is Natural England, which chooses a site because of its fauna, flora, geological or physiographical features. Natural England uses the borders of Essex to mark one of its Areas of Search. , there are 86 sites designated in this Area of Search. There are 19 sites with a purely geological interest, and 64 listed for biological interest. A further 3 sites are designated for both reasons.
Natural England took over the role of designating and managing SSSIs from English Nature in October 2006 when it was formed from the amalgamation of English Nature, parts of the Countryside Agency and the Rural Development Service. Natural England, like its predecessor, uses the 1974–1996 county system and as such the same approach is followed here. The data in the table is taken from Natural England in the form of citation sheets for each SSSI, and the County Background Datasheet for Essex.
For other counties, see List of SSSIs by Area of Search.

</doc>
<doc id="5894189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894189" title="John Goulden">
John Goulden

Sir (Peter) John Goulden, GCMG (born 21 February 1941) was the United Kingdom Permanent Representative to the North Atlantic Council and to the Western European Union from April 1995 until 2001. He is a current member of the Security Commission.
Early years.
Goulden was educated at King Edward VII School in Sheffield, and at The Queen's College, Oxford.
He read History taking the University History Prize in 1961 and graduating with first class honours in 1962. Joining the Diplomatic Service, he studied Turkish at London University and served in Ankara from 1963-7. He spent three years as a Second Secretary on the Hungary/Romania/Czechoslovakia desk in the Foreign Office from 1967-9, before spending 18 months in Manila.
Career.
From 1971-4 he was in the Planning Staff in the Foreign Office. 
From 1974-6 he ran the Foreign Office's recruitment programme, taking off a month in 1974 to join the Geneva negotiations on Cyprus. 
He was Head of Chancery in Dublin from 1976-9, returning to be Assistant Head of Defence Department responsible for NATO affairs from 1979-81. From there he was promoted to become Head of Personnel Services Department and later Head of News Department and Foreign and Commonwealth Office Spokesman from 1982-4. 
Between 1984-7 he served as Head of Chancery at the UK Representation to the European Communities in Brussels, returning to London as Assistant-Under-Secretary of State (Defence) at the FCO from 1988-92. 
From 1992-5 he was Ambassador in Ankara. 
He took up post as the United Kingdom Permanent Representative to the North Atlantic Council and to the Western European Union on 3 April 1995.
Personal.
Lady (Diana) Goulden studied theatre at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. They have a son (born 1967) and a daughter (born 1970)

</doc>
<doc id="5894192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894192" title="List of Nephilidae species">
List of Nephilidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Nephilidae as of Sept. 27, 2013.
Clitaetra.
"Clitaetra" Simon, 1889
Herennia.
"Herennia" Thorell, 1877
Nephila.
"Nephila" Leach, 1815
Nephilengys.
"Nephilengys" L. Koch, 1872
Nephilingis.
"Nephilingis" Kuntner, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="5894195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894195" title="Qezel Arsalan">
Qezel Arsalan

Qezel Arsalan, (also Ghezel Arsala) (Azerbaijani language: Qızıl Ərsalan, Persian language:قزل ارسلان ) is a mountain peak with a height of 3250 meters in the Alvand ranges of the Zagros mountains in western Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="5894199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894199" title="Sud Mennucci, São Paulo">
Sud Mennucci, São Paulo

Sud Mennucci is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. Altitude is 386 m and in 2004 it had an estimated population of 7,447 inhabitants. Total area is 592.344 km².
The city became widely known as a pioneer in the free access of its population to a Wi-Fi municipal wireless network.

</doc>
<doc id="5894204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894204" title="Beeswing (horse)">
Beeswing (horse)

Beeswing (1833–1854) was a 19th-century British Thoroughbred racehorse from the north of England. In her day, Beeswing was hailed as the greatest mare in Britain and one of the greatest of all time.
Breeding.
Her sire, Doctor Syntax was described by the noted racing writer "The Druid" as "...scarcely fifteen hands, very broad at the base of the nose, with open nostrils, an eye full and bright as a hawk's, a high, drooping rump, and on the side view rather short quartered. He was quite a mouse in his colour." But he took the Preston Gold Cup seven times, the Richmond Gold Cup five times, and The Lancaster Gold Cup five times as well. On both her dam and her sire's side, Beeswing was linebred to the renowned Eclipse (5x5x5) and also to Herod (5x5).
Racing career.
Beeswing raced at many venues between 1835 and 1842 and was a real crowd favourite. Entering 63 events, she won an incredible 51 times. Of the 57 races she finished, she was placed lower than second on only one occasion. Her most notable victory was the 1842 Ascot Gold Cup. She won the Newcastle Cup an amazing six times. Beeswing won the Doncaster Cup for the fourth time and was retired afterwards.
James Hill of Tyneside composed a hornpipe, "The Beeswing," named after her. Such was her fame that the Scottish village of Lochend, Dumfries and Galloway changed its name to Beeswing in her honour.
Stud record.
Of her eight foals, five were sired by Touchstone. Four of her foals went on to become top class runners, two of which were Classic winners. Many of today's top racehorses can trace their pedigree back to Beeswing. Some of her top runners were:

</doc>
<doc id="5894214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894214" title="Ahmet Kanneci">
Ahmet Kanneci

Ahmet Kanneci (born 21 June 1957) is a Turkish guitar virtuoso particularly on the Classic style. Currently, Kanneci is the chairman of the Department of Guitar, at Hacettepe University State Conservatory and actively teaching as well.
Biography.
Born in Halfeti, Turkey, Kanneci began his music studies with Turgay Erdener, İstemihan Taviloğlu and Ali Sevgi. Meeting Julian Byzantine, with whom he continued his music studies, in 1977, he turned his attention to classical guitar. He was educated at the Ankara Science High School and later studied architecture at the METU. While studying architecture, he was awarded a scholarship from the Spanish Government to study with José Tomás at the "Conservatorio Superior de Música Óscar Esplá de Alicante". He has had the privilege of playing for Alirio Diaz and receiving his critical acclaim.
When he came back to his native country, Turkey, he has found several classical guitar departments in different conservatories. Since then he is a leading voice in academical music, and an acclaimed musician and teacher.
1993 Fulbright Grantee.

</doc>
<doc id="5894223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894223" title="Towner">
Towner

Towner can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894230" title="Judicial Commissioner">
Judicial Commissioner

A Judicial Commissioner is person appointed on a non-permanent basis to a judicial office. In some countries, such as Malaysia and Singapore, Judicial Commissioners have the powers of full judges. In other jurisdictions their powers are limited. 
Malaysia.
In Malaysia judicial commissioners are appointed for a term of two years.
Singapore.
In Singapore Judicial commissioners are appointed to the Supreme Court by the President of Singapore on the advice of the Prime Minister, and have the powers of a Judge. The appointment is for a specific period which is determined by the President. Many Judicial Commissioners go on the become Judges of the Supreme Court, such as Andrew Phang Boon Leong, Belinda Ang Saw Ean, Tan Lee Meng and V K Rajah.
United States.
Tennessee.
In Tennessee, Judicial Commissioners may be appointed at a county level to handle minor criminal matters.

</doc>
<doc id="5894233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894233" title="List of Senoculidae species">
List of Senoculidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Senoculidae as of Apr. 21, 2008.
Senoculus.
"Senoculus" Taczanowski, 1872

</doc>
<doc id="5894235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894235" title="Ake">
Ake

Ake (or Aké in Spanish orthography) is an archaeological site of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization, located in the municipality of Tixkokob. in the Mexican state of Yucatán; 40 km (25 mi) east of Mérida, Yucatán. 
The name "Ake" is a toponym that means "place of reeds" in Yucatec Maya. One notable feature of the site is its system of pre-Columbian "sacbeo'ob" or roads that facilitate access with other settlements in the region. 
The architecture dates from the Early Classic era (A.D. 250-550). They were first described in print by John Lloyd Stephens and Frederick Catherwood in the early 1840s.
Aké is bounded by two concentric walls, one defines the core of the settlement with an area of 4 km2, while the other protects the core housing. The core is a large and square in shape surrounded by tall buildings measuring about 25 m2. Structure One, also called the palace, with rows of stone columns atop a step-pyramid platform; is the site's most impressive feature. While most Maya pyramids are built steep with many narrow steps, Structure One is a gradual climb of huge, flat stone slabs. This megalithic architectural style is an Early Classic diagnostic, and may also bee seen at the sites of Izamal and Ek Balam. The remains of an ancient Maya raised pedestrian causeway, or "sacbe", runs to Aké from Izamal. The ruins are all within a 19th-century henequen estate. 

</doc>
<doc id="5894248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894248" title="Milburn, Cumbria">
Milburn, Cumbria

Milburn is a small village and civil parish in the Eden district of Cumbria, England. It is located on the northern side of the Eden Valley, about east of Penrith. It lies beneath Cross Fell, the highest point of the Pennines and is one of a chain of villages following the contour of the escarpment. The fellside forms part of the North Pennines Area of Natural Beauty which in 2003 was awarded the status of UNESCO European Geopark and includes the Moorhouse Upper Teesdale National Nature Reserve. The parish includes the outlying hamlets of Gullom Holme and Milburn Grange, respectively and from Milburn village centre.
The core village consists of a tight cluster of houses, many dating from the mid 18th century, ranged around a roughly rectangular green. A medieval church and a fortified manor house lie outside the main village area.
In 2006 the total population of the parish was approximately 170, representing a total of 74 households. Agriculture still provided the single most significant source of employment and this accounted for approximately 25% of the employment of the working population. A number of businesses offering professional and construction services now operate in the village, and local non-agricultural work accounted for the employment of a further 20%. The remaining 55% commuted out of the village to their employment. Of the total population, 30% were retired. The village retains its primary school though the majority of the pupils now come from outside the parish.
History.
The most striking feature of Milburn is the consistency of its layout. This appears to imply a high degree of planning, and the history of the village may most usefully be described in this context.
The houses round the green present a continuous frontage broken only by narrow lanes giving access to the farmyards, barns and fields which lie behind. Roads and tracks enter at the corners of the green and access is so restricted at some points that it has been suggested that the village has been constructed on defensive lines - possibly against the Border Reivers. Disappointingly, however, no buildings from “Reiving” times (late 13th to the end of the 16th century) survive, at least within the vicinity of the green itself. In fact the earliest structures here date from the mid 18th century, with the majority reflecting a major period of rebuilding in the 19th century. The quality of these buildings, however, is of such interest that Milburn has been selected by Brunskill to provide an exemplar of Lake District architecture.
That Milburn had an earlier history on its present site is clearly signalled by the field-system radiating from the existing village. The evidence of a typical medieval layout is plain to see, with long narrow fields separated by hedges where groups of strips from the old open town fields have been brought together. This evidence is further underlined by remnants of ridge and furrow in many of the fields. Roberts argues that village development was taking place in most cases before 1200 and in some cases as much as two centuries earlier.
In the case of Milburn we have the strong presumption of prehistoric occupation in the general area. Brennand informs us that cereal pollen dating to 4000BC has been found at Howgill on the outskirts of the village. Goodchild describes evidence of hut circles and other traces of early occupation on the fell side above Milburn at NY69700/30290, NY69230/32120 and NY68720/32700. A bronze celt was found in a field above Lounthwaite to the west of the village. Further afield there are presumed Iron Age “farmsteads” at Kirkland and Dufton.
That there was a time during the civilised period when there was no significant occupation at all on the present site is strongly suggested by the fact that the main road from Dufton to Blencarn by-passes the modern village entirely, running to the south between the modern green and the church.
This road has unusual features. It is noticeably straight and, between Long Marton and Milburn, it is known as High Street. Then, as it goes past Milburn, it becomes Low Street. Richardson has suggested that it is a very ancient track way (based on alignment considerations). Butterworth postulates that it may be Roman (from naming evidence and its straightness). The main point is that the road appears to be of ancient origin and takes no account of the village
The existence of other significant relics of occupation outside the present village area suggests that when significant nucleated settlement did occur it initially happened elsewhere. In particular, the existence of the church to the south of the modern village strongly suggests that the initial focus of settlement (as opposed to isolated farmsteads) was here. The church, together with the churchyard, occupies a neck of land bounded by two becks flowing in steep-sided ravines which contain several natural strong-running springs. One of these at NY 649/292 is so voluminous and reliable that in recent years it has been capped as a farm supply. In a copse at NY 657/292 there is yet another spring. This is known as Keld Well and is believed by Page to have had religious significance as a place of pilgrimage. A second possibility for a site of settlement is the curious wiggle in Low Street at the point where the road from Newbiggin crosses to enter the outskirts of the present village. This might well be the fossil record of some sort of hamlet.
It seems possible, therefore, that the unusual coherence of the layout of Milburn on its present site arises from the fact that when settlement finally took place the site was still largely or wholly undeveloped. This further suggests a concerted, motivated development.
According to Butterworth, the first documentary reference to “Milburn” dates from 1200/1 when King John (1199–1215) granted the forest of Milburn to William de Stuteville, Lord of the Barony of Cottingham near Hull. The term “forest” in this context refers to an area suitable for hunting rather than forestry in its modern sense. Of course, this in no sense implies that the modern village dates from this period, nor that there was necessarily a "Burn" and a "Mill" here. Goodchild argues that the name is actually derived from Mil Borran, meaning a stone by a Roman road. Curiously on the edge of the road at the entrance to the lonning leading to the church at NY65360/29165 there is an ancient stone which is registered on the Sites and Monuments Record (SMR) as a cross base. Nevertheless, there was evidently a settlement somewhere in the vicinity which projected at least the continuity of its name into modern times.
The prospect of planned settlement actually arises rather earlier with an entry in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for 1092 which refers to King William (Rufus) travelling north to Carlisle with a large army, restoring the town, raising the castle and driving out Dolfin who earlier had ruled the land there. It goes on to say: ["He] afterwards returned south here and sent very many peasants there with women and with livestock to live there to till that land."
Whatever the precise stimulus and the exact date of the migration of the village to its present site, it must have occurred in time to create the medieval field system. Butterworth argues that the most likely date would have been around 1340 to coincide with the construction of Howgill castle, although he accepts that an earlier date, prompted by raids into England by De Bruys in 1311 would also be possible. He points out that once the Lancasters became Lords of the Manor soon after 1335, they had a direct vested interest in protecting both their tenants and their tenants livestock, so that the laying out of a defensible village and the building of Howgill Castle might have gone hand in hand
Assuming, for the sake of romance at least, that the development was indeed planned, Butterworth considers whether the modern arrangement of houses and farms round the central green took shape as a single act of concerted construction or, as would seem more likely, took place in a staged, "organic" fashion. It is his belief that the original village consisted of a single line of cottages (presumably cruck-framed, thatched with turf or heather and with walls of wattle and daub, clay or roughly-piled field stones) along the south-east side of the green and fronting onto the back lane that runs alongside this side of the village. This theory of course the current orientation of the houses on this side, but Butterworth sees no problem here. Under his theory, the green would then have taken the form of an enclosure behind these properties and he suggests that further properties would then have spread around this enclosure. Re-orientation of properties to accord with the current layout would have taken place as houses were gradually improved and replaced and it was found convenient to regard the green as the centre of the village. In support of his view he point out that access to farm buildings on the south east side has always been from the back lane, whereas on the north west side the gaps between houses have always been much larger, so enabling access to the farmyards to be made from the green. There has never been a back lane on the north west side, although there are vestiges of such lanes on the north east and south west. The modern "front gardens" of properties round the green were enclosed gradually over a number of years with the consent of the Lord of the Manor.
The subsequent waves of rebuilding which have resulted in the total eradication of the earlier medieval structures are easily explained by the parallel phases of development seen elsewhere in the county. In particular the “Age of Improvement”, roughly from 1750 to 1850 saw rapid gains in agricultural and industrial efficiency. Milburn would have benefited significantly from enhanced crop yields and from the opening of the mines which also occurred at this time (references to the rich Silverband mine on Dun Fell, behind the village, appear from 1709). The scale of the improvement in rural fortunes is demonstrated by the stylish ambition guiding the design of the replacement buildings. Doors are adorned with classical features such as architraves and pediments, and windows are surrounded by elaborate mouldings. It seems likely that medieval structures first began to disappear at this time, the process being consolidated as the improvement in the wealth of the village continued during the 19th century. The flimsy nature of the earlier structures has ensured that nothing from the medieval phase survives, though it is notable that many of the replacement buildings contain timbers which have clearly had an earlier history. It is very common, for example, to find exposed oak beams which now support floors but which contain joints which show they used to be part of a roof. Similarly many beams are drilled to show they once formed part of wattle and daub partitions.
Taken together with a vary limited number of recent developments dating from the 20th and 21st centuries, we have the village in its present form.
Geography.
The village stands on a shelf of Saint Bees sandstone, overlain here by a thick layer of glacial deposits. This sandstone underlies most of the Eden Valley and, in fact, runs right beneath the volcanic deposits of the Lake District to emerge eventually on the Solway coast, whence its name. It is quarried locally at numerous sites and has provided the principal building material for most of the older houses in the village. Its soft, red colouration gives the village a warm, welcoming appearance, a characteristic of the whole Eden Valley, one might say (see, for example )
The glacial deposits have given rise to heavy, fertile soils which are suitable for both arable and livestock farming. The soils also contain many rounded boulders of varying sizes which, because of their hardness provide a valuable building material to augment the softer, easily-worked sandstone. The larger boulders are frequently seen in use as building foundations, while the smaller cobbles are widely employed in the drystone field-walls which form another characteristic feature of the area.
The village is bounded both to the north and to the south by geological faults. The southerly fault (the Lounthwaite Fault) is considered particularly important in relation to the development of the village as it is associated with a line of strong-running springs. These may have been attractive to early settlers.
Higher up the fell side to the north, the St Bees Sandstone is overlain by limestone. A number of ruined lime kilns and small quarries indicate that the limestone has been burnt in the past to produce lime for building and agricultural purposes. Lime makes an excellent mortar for sandstone buildings. Spread on the land it also reduces the acidity of soil and improves its fertility.
Further to the north still, sandwiched between these intake fields and the steep slopes of the Pennine escarpment itself lies a complex geological zone known as the Cross Fell Inlier (see Burgess and Wadge). It consists of a lens of older rocks faulted upwards between the much younger layers that bound it. The whole North Pennines AONB, of which the Inlier forms part, is in fact of such interest to geologists that in 2003 it was designated a Geopark under a Unesco programme to promote public interest in geology.
From an agricultural perspective, however, the Geopark is simply an area of poorly drained grazing that becomes progressively less useful as its altitude increases. Nevertheless, the lower slopes of the inlier are still sufficiently valuable to be enclosed, largely with drystone walling, and are used for grazing sheep and cattle. Fell ponies are also raised here. Immediately above the village, this area is known as Red Carle.
Still further to the north, the steep fellsides above the Inlier are unenclosed and grazed exclusively by sheep. In the past this would perhaps be best described as “ranching” as, in the summer the sheep would range freely over the top of the Pennine escarpment and down into Teesdale. Regular “gathers” would be held to round them up for dipping and shearing. Much has changed in this respect, however, since the catastrophic foot-and-mouth outbreak of 2001. The “hefted” herds which had previously acquired a useful territorial instinct were all lost and are now only slowly being replaced. The old “commoner” system, whereby grazing (and other) rights were granted exclusively to individuals, has also been bought out by English Nature, concerned about the effect of over-grazing. Sheep numbers are now closely controlled. English Nature is also attempting to develop the diversity of the fell side habitat and has planted selected areas with hardy indigenous species such as juniper. A particular aim is to re-introduce the black grouse to the area.
The Moorhouse Nature Reserve is entered immediately above the intake wall, the final drystone wall of the enclosed grazing. The Reserve stretches right over the Pennine ridge and down into Teesdale. It is a wilderness area of great beauty, traversed in the East-West direction by the Pennine Way which runs along the very crest of the escarpment. During winter months conditions up here are best described as Arctic.
The higher fellsides are also rich in mineral deposits and were formerly mined extensively. A typical site situated just above the Middle Tongue Beck at NY 692/321 is known as the New Greuve Shop and seems to have yielded a variety of minerals ranging from coal to lead. This level is of particular interest as a large rock above the entrance has been inscribed with the initials of some of the miners. Some of these belong to families whose descendants still live in Milburn. The largest mine in the area, Silver Band, is outside Milburn Parish but was a major source of employment in the village. Miners would walk to work—a journey taking about two hours in each direction and involving a climb from Milburn of around 1500 m.
Landmarks.
Howgill Castle.
Howgill Castle is a fortified manor house lying approximately 1 km to the east of the main village and at a slightly higher elevation. Butterworth believes that it dates from about 1340. It is defended to the north west by a deep ravine and commands extensive views. The original structure is more or less completely disguised by substantial 17th century modifications, but within the unremarkable shell created by this later work lie two three storey towers, each 64 feet by 33 feet with walls about 9/10 feet thick connected by a wall over ten feet thick and over 40 feet long. This wall contains two superimposed flights of stairs providing communication between the towers. Originally, the ground floors of each tower were accessible only from the first floor. The position of the original entrance in this unusual scheme is unknown.
The west tower now contains a door removed from Appleby prison.
St Cuthbert’s Church.
St Cuthbert‘s Church lies in an isolated position about 0.5 km across fields to the south west of the village. 
Although Pevsner considers the sandstone masonry of the chancel to be Norman, it is claimed that the body of St Cuthbert rested here in 876 when monks from Lindisfarne fleeing the Viking invaders toured the county bearing the holy relics of their saint with them. The clue here is in the dedication of the church. If the legend were true it would imply that the present building had an earlier precursor.
The site, with its secluded position above the deep ravine of Stank Beck and its association with nearby strongly-flowing springs is extremely difficult to interpret. Page makes a good case for a correlation between springs and pre-Christian worship at the site of modern-day churches in Cumbria. He includes Milburn in his lists.
The church was extensively restored in 1894 but still retains its unpretentious character. It consists of a nave, chancel and south aisle, part of which is now the porch and vestry. There is a small bellcote. The south door is late Norman and a number of decorated stones of Norman date are set into the exterior of the south wall.
Methodist Chapel.
A former Methodist Wesleyan Chapel located at the west end of the Green is now a private residence. It was built in 1834 and accommodated 90 seated. Butterworth estimates that by the 1860s half of the village's population were probably Methodists. However the size of the congregation declined steeply during the late 20th century and the Chapel closed in 1989.
Maypole.
In the centre of the Green, sited on a small mound known as Butt Hill, stands a Maypole. It is some 20m high and is topped by a heavy metal weather cock. Such maypoles are a common feature of villages in the Eden valley and there has been a maypole on this site in Milburn for at least 150 years. There is no tradition of “dancing round the maypole” here however and the weather vane is the only useful feature. Nevertheless, the maypole is obviously much-loved by the village, perhaps as a link with earlier times, and it has been replaced frequently over the years. The present maypole was erected in 1995 at the expense of the Lord of the Manor. It currently (2010) displays a pronounced lean which may be due to the fact that it was struck by lightning shortly after its installation.
Culture and Community.
Field Names.
In the final year (2011) of its 60-year history, Milburn WI completed a large scale map recording these field names on a map of the parish from around 1800.
According to Butterworth, "ainims" means land taken into cultivation; "bulber" is bull hill; "haghill" is the clearing on the hill; "leaseds" is the pasture clearing; "mask hill" is marsh hill; "mell becks" is the land between the streams; "peaseber" is the peas hill; "pica land" is the pointed land; "raten mire" is the rat-infested bog; "thornber" is the thorn hill and "turnber" is the round hill.
Village School.
The Village School is situated at the northern end of the Green. According to Butterworth there has been a school in the village since at least the 18th century and the present building was constructed in 1851 replacing an earlier, thatched one which was burnt down by one of the pupils in 1850. Originally it consisted of just one room designed to accommodate up to 55 pupils under the control of a single teacher. At this time children would generally stay at the school until they reached leaving age - by 1911 this was 14 years of age.
Pupil numbers have varied widely over the years and during the 60s and 70s reached a low-point of 12. At this time the County Council had a policy of closing small schools and several attempts were made to close Milburn school. This was vigorously opposed by the village and in recent years the school has flourished. In 2008 it had 37 pupils, a male head-teacher (highly unusual for a small rural school), three part-time Assistant Teachers, and three part-time Teaching Assistants supplying specialist drama, art and music tuition. In 2010 accommodation consisted of two classrooms, a school office, a food-preparation area and a modern toilet-block, all integrated into a single building.
Changes in the age-composition of the village population, as outlined earlier, mean that relatively few of the pupils now come from the village itself. The school has always attracted pupils from outside the parish but some children's homes may now be as much as ten miles away. The quality of education delivered by a modern small school is clearly valued highly.
Village Hall.
The Village Hall is a substantial sandstone building on the outskirts of the village to the south of the Green. It was erected by the Parish Council in 1912 at a cost of £300. Over the years it has benefited from numerous improvements and fills a variety of social needs both for the village and for the surrounding community. At one stage it housed a small library and reading room. In its early days the Hall was always referred to as “The Institute“.
In 2002 a grant from the English National Lottery Community Fund permitted a major refurbishment. Modern heating and insulation were installed and these improvements have both reduced running costs and increased the attraction of the facilities. As a result there has been a significant increase in usage. There are regular meetings, for example, of a Film Club, a Badminton Club, an Art Club, a Handicrafts Circle, MAGIC, the Milburn Amateur Gardening Club, and various Further Education classes. Other long-standing activities include a weekly Youth Group and an active WI. For many years the Hall has been used by the School for its annual Christmas production and is also now increasingly used for PE and the like.
Recycling Scheme.
The village has operated a Recycling Scheme since 2006. Now situated at the bottom of Fell Lane it accepts paper, bottles, cans, foil and plastics. A garden waste skip is also available on a regular basis.
Car Scheme.
In common with many other rural locations, public transport facilities to Milburn fall well below the national standard. Whereas the village was once served by several buses each day there are currently only two service buses per week. For car users this poses little difficulty (as long as fuel remains affordable) but for non-drivers the lack of public transport is a serious concern. A county-supported Car Scheme subsidises the mileage-costs of local volunteers who donate their time freely in order to provide transport to shops and doctors surgeries etc.
Bus Shelter.
The Bus Shelter is a well-built sandstone structure erected in 1953 to commemorate the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II. It is roofed with slates salvaged from the derelict farmstead at Windy Hall.
Helm Wind.
Many of the villages on the Eden Valley’s eastern fell side are subject to the Helm Wind and Milburn is no exception. The swirling, noisy gusts are a frequent feature of life in the village. Uttley has written a detailed account of the effects of the wind and provided a detailed theory of its causes. The wind is experienced when the wind blows from the north-east. Many houses appear to have been constructed with the Helm in mind and window areas in this direction have been kept to a minimum.
Social Events.
Sports Day and Village Show.
The annual children’s Sports Day and the Village Show are the survivors of the Milburn Gala. The first Gala was held in 1887 and it persisted as an annual event until 1939 and the outbreak of the Second World War. In the past, the Gala was an elaborate event involving a marquee for dancing, a flower show and races around the green. Cumberland Wrestling was a popular feature. The surviving Sports Day and Village Show are more modest events but continue to be well-supported.
Bonfire Night.
There are Guy Fawkes celebrations on the green every 5 November, complete with hot-dogs, bonfire and fireworks.

</doc>
<doc id="5894256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894256" title="Queensberry House">
Queensberry House

Queensberry House is a 17th-century Category A listed building in the Canongate, Edinburgh, Scotland, incorporated into the Scottish Parliament complex. It contains the office of the Presiding Officer, two Deputy Presiding Officers, the Parliament's Chief Executive, and other staff.
The mansion house was built in c. 1667 for Dame Margaret Douglas of Balmakellie, and bought by William Douglas, 1st Duke of Queensberry in c. 1689.
The most famous resident is probably James Douglas, 2nd Duke of Queensberry who was influential behind the Treaty of Union in 1707.
The same evening the 2nd Duke was signing the Act of Union, his son, the insane Earl of Drumlanrig, is said to have roasted a servant boy on a spit in an oven in the kitchens. The oven can still be seen in the Parliament's Allowances Office.
From 1803 to 1996 the building was used as a hospital.
Ian Rankin's Inspector Rebus novel "Set in Darkness", first published in 2000 is partly set in Queensberry House during the reconstruction for the new parliament building.
Ghost.
The building is famously said to be haunted by the kitchen boy roasted and eaten by James Douglas, the mad Earl of Drumlanrig, in 1707. 

</doc>
<doc id="5894258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894258" title="Stephen McAdden">
Stephen McAdden

Sir Stephen James McAdden (3 November 1907 – 26 December 1979) was a British Conservative politician.
McAdden was educated at the Salesian School, Battersea and worked as an export sales manager and company director. He was a councillor on Hackney Borough Council 1935-45, Woodford Borough Council 1945-48 and Essex County Council 1947-48.
McAdden was Member of Parliament for Southend East from 1950 until he died in office in 1979. His successor at the resulting by-election was Teddy Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="5894263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894263" title="OC Transpo Route 96">
OC Transpo Route 96

Route 96 is a major bus-rapid transit route that travels between Terry Fox Station and Hurdman Station via downtown Ottawa and the Transitway. Selected route 96 trips are also extended to serve Stittsville Station and/or Blair Station. It is one of the busiest routes operated by OC Transpo, and provides rapid transit service in Kanata along with route 93. Route 96 is also the most congested route in service.
History.
The Old Route 96.
Before the current 96 existed, there was an older version of route 96. The route travelled from the Carlingwood Mall and ended at the Ottawa International Airport, following the current route 97 that travels from Bayshore Shopping Centre to the Airport. This was also before the Southeast Transitway was completed, so route 96 travelled via most of route 87's current routing between Billings Bridge Station and Hunt Club Road and travelled through CFB Uplands (current route 147). Route 96 was the main route serving the Airport, although route 97 provided some evening and Sunday service as both routes were running every 30 minutes during the evenings and all day Sunday. [http://web.archive.org/web/19970420090441/www.octranspo.com/octranspo/schedsmaps.html It provided a quicker link for users that wanted to travel from Carlingwood Mall towards the central transitway from Westboro Station to Hurdman Station including downtown. However, it did not provide a link to Lincoln Fields Station for transfers to route 95. While it was also serving Kanata at first before the introduction of route 97, the route was retired during the late 1990s and the portions of Woodroffe Avenue that were served by old route 96 were left unserved by any transit route for a few years. That portion is now served by crosstown route 87 which travels from Greenboro Station to Baseline Station and Carlingwood Mall during shopping hours (its previous terminus was at Lebreton Station). [http://web.archive.org/web/19970421204231/www.octranspo.com/octranspo/scheddir2/87map.html] The portion between Westboro and the Airport was served afterwards by only route 97, although route 95 provided extra service between Lincoln Fields Station and Hurdman Station, as the 95 was serving eastern areas of the city. The early morning trips where route 97 currently serves the former Uplands air force base, northeast of the Airport, were also previously served by old route 96.
Creation of the new 96.
In 2003 and 2004, the City of Ottawa had proceeded through a series of massive bus cuts that had significantly reduced bus services for many local bus routes. However, starting in fall 2004, OC Transpo implemented an unexpected transit change which was not included in the Transplan 2004 public consultations. The transit company divided route 97 into two distinct routes, one of which is the new route 96. The 96 travels from Hurdman Station to Stittsville. The 97, which was traveling from Stittsville to Kanata at the time, lost the Kanata portion of the route as well as the early morning service to OC Transpo's Pinecrest Garage just off Pinecrest Road and Highway 417.
The 96 travels on the 417 between Bayshore Station and Queensway Station before joining the 97 at Lincoln Fields Station. The 96 is currently serving Pinecrest Garage during the early mornings on weekdays. The combination of the two have provided a much frequent service to Bayshore Station and between Lincoln Fields Station and Hurdman Station which is also served by route 95 and for significant portions of it by routes 8, 85, 86 and 87. Residents of Kanata have a faster trip to downtown from Kanata then the 97, as route 97 travels via Richmond Road and Carling Avenue. However, on some occasions due to long traffic lights at Pinecrest, the 97 can be faster than the 96. In addition, the 96 is also susceptible to traffic congestion or road closures on the 417. However, it is expected in the coming years that a new transit roadway wiil be built between Bayshore and the southwest transitway, thus avoiding possible traffic problems from the Queensway.
Service improvements.
Despite these changes, service declined in some portions once served by the 97 in Kanata and during the weekends. To deal with this, in the following two years, OC Transpo increased frequency on the 96 on all 7 days except during the early morning and the route was extended to Terry Fox Station in 2005 when the station was opened. Previously, before the city built the Castlefrank Road overpass (now called Valour Bridge) that crossed above the 417 towards the Kanata Centrum, the 96 (and the 97 before) ended at Kanata Town Centre and the shopping centre had limited service from Monday to Saturday by the 97.
In 2006, there were additional changes made by Transplan 2006. The route was slightly modified in Stittsville to increase the service coverage in the area. In the meantime, service on Terry Fox Drive was removed and the route travels on Castlefrank Road, which is much closer to Kanata's second shopping centre, the Hazeldean Mall just a few blocks to the east. Service to Stittsville was increased also with half-hour service from Monday to Saturday and hourly service on Sunday. Stittsville had no Sunday service before this. Sunday service to/from Stittsville has been increased to every 30 minutes as Stittsville is now a part of the Urban Transit Area. Previously, Stittsville was part of the Rural Transit Area, meaning rural express fares were required on all routes, with the exception of route 96.
Starting in September 2006, OC Transpo added trips that by-pass Bayshore Station in order to speed up the service to/from downtown. The AM rush hour special trips started at Eagleson Station and the PM trips ended at Terry Fox Station. However, due to congestion on Highway 417 starting often before Bayshore Station, some of the special 96's (and West end express routes) were using the same route as regular 96's to avoid being caught in the gridlock. Since April 2007, the special trips start at Terry Fox Station and access Highway 417 directly via Castlefrank Road without travelling on Katimavik Road as Eagleson Station is directly accessible from the offramp at Eagleson Road.
In 2009, with the inauguration of a new Transitway corrdior between Bayshore Station and Pinecrest Station, all D96 trips travel along the new section, and thus all trips serve Bayshore Station and the shopping centre, as well as all Kanata and Stittsville express buses. D96 trips in the morning still bypass Katimavik Road and Eagleson Road.
Route 96 was extended in the East from Hurdman Station to Blair Station on 28 June 2010 for selected weekday peak and all weekday midday trips in both directions. Route 96 still terminates at Hurdman Station for all weekend trips, as well as early morning and late evening weekday trips. This extension in the East is to ease full express buses serving Orleans of riders who do not need to travel beyond Blair Station during peak hours, as well as providing more options for OC Transpo customers.
On 4 September 2011, route 96 was modified in Stittsville, and route 96A was created. Route 96A originally provided service from Scotiabank Place along Palladium Drive and Katimavik Road before joining regular route 96 trips at Terry Fox Station. Route 96A only operates during weekday midday and peak periods. At the same time, peak trips on route 96 serving Stittsville became route 96C trips. In the morning, route 96C access Highway 417 to serve Eagleson Station without serving Terry Fox Station or Katimavik Road. Afternoon 96C trips travel via Katimavik Road, but travel via Castlefrank Road and do not serve Terry Fox Station.
In September 2012, route 96 and route 96C trips were shortened to start/end at the Goulbourn Recreation Complex on Shea Road. Route 96A trips were also extended to/from the Complex, replacing route 96 and 96C trips on Granite Ridge Drive and also serving Kanata West along Huntmar Drive.
On April 20, 2014, route 96 stopped serving the Kanata Town Centre on Katimavik Road. Buses instead remain on Katimavik Road. The change is intended to speed up service by remaining on Katimavik Road instead of deviating to enter the Centre, and because of the low number of passengers using the bus stops at the Centre.
Purpose.
The 96 is currently a key commuter route that serves the center of Kanata, especially its two park and ride facilities at Terry Fox Station and Eagleson Station. However, it is much slower than all express routes that serves the suburb as the 96 serves Moodie Drive, Pinecrest Road and Bayshore Shopping Centre which extends the trip by several minutes. In addition, most express routes only drop passengers out after exiting the Queensway. However, the D96 Special trip are faster than the regular 96 trips by several minutes as it avoids the detours at Bayshore while it also avoids Katimavik Road during the mornings as unlike the afternoon westbound trips it does serves park and ride facility without travelling further south via Katimavik and Castlefrank.
The route, like route 95 and route 97 travels through the heart of the touristic district of the downtown core. The Rideau Canal, the Byward Market, the National Arts Centre and Parliament Hill are all located within a few blocks from the transitway.
This is another route for shoppers, as many shopping centers are located alongside several stations which includes the Kanata Centrum at Terry Fox, Bayshore Shopping Centre, Pinecrest Shopping Centre just off Greenbank Road and Highway 417, Lincoln Fields Shopping Centre, the Sparks Street Mall, the Bank Street Promenade and the Rideau Centre.
The University of Ottawa is also a major destination and many students use Campus Station located on the western edge of the complex.
Future Expansions.
There are no current expansion plans for the route in the West end in upcoming years as there are no further developments South or West of Stittsville.
Buses.
During its first year, the new route 96 was served by mostly D60LF New Flyer articulated buses. However, in 2005, OC Transpo had switched to the new Invero buses. The seating capacity of those buses are much lower than the articulated buses which increases the risk of buses being full. The frequency of the route was increased due to the lower capacity buses.
In the summer of 2006 and the winter of 2007, OC Transpo tested a double decker bus, the Alexander Dennis Enviro500 on this route as well as some express routes. The testing was made in order to determine whether double decker buses will be possible to operate within the Ottawa system as it contains a higher seating capacity than the articulated buses although with lower total capacity (including standing room only) than the latter due to the height restriction of the upper floor of the bus. [http://www.cbc.ca/canada/ottawa/story/2007/02/06/double-decker.html]. Double decker buses were re-used on the route during the summer of 2009.
Due to the increased ridership on the 96 since the 2008 winter bus strike, the frequency of the route has not changed much, but OC Transpo is using more New Flyer D60LF articulated buses on the route along with the Alexander Dennis Enviro500 double decker bus to cope with the extra passengers using the route. Currently, most of the trips are serviced with articulated buses (particularly weekdays and Saturdays), with some trips served by a regular bus (particularly peak periods and Sundays).
Additional bus rapid transit routes.
OC Transpo Route 93.
Originally served by route 101 (and before that, route 99), rapid transit route 93 was created during the massive bus route overhaul on 4 September 2011, replacing both route 101 and local route 160 in northern Kanata. Route 93 originally operated from Kanata North to Bayshore Station, with peak service extended from Lebreton Station in the morning and to Lebreton Station in the afternoon.
Route 93's primary purpose is for workers in the Kanata North Technology Park, located in northern Kanata along March Road. It also serves as a local route for residents of Morgan's Grant, Brookside, and Beaverbrook, and serves Teron Station. Eastbound trips also serve Eagleson Station.
Frequencies are generally every 30 minutes throughout the week. Peak service from Lebreton Station in the morning, and to Lebreton Station in the afternoon, is generally every 10–15 minutes. Early morning and late evening Sunday trips operate hourly. It was served by double-decker buses, the Alexander Dennis Enviro500, when the buses were introduced in 2013. Generally, this route uses New Flyer D40i Invero buses, with peak service provided by New Flyer D60LF and D60LFR articulated buses.
In September 2012, route 93 was slightly modified in Kanata North to better serve Innovation Drive. The route became a two way route instead of doing a loop around Kanata North, removing service on Terry Fox Drive between Flamborough Way and Legget Drive. At the same time, route 93 was extended to/from Lincoln Fields Station during off-peak hours to provide riders with better connections.
On 21 April 2013, route 93 was again modified in Kanata North, with selected morning westbound and afternoon eastbound weekday trips extended via Hines Road to/from the corner of Hines/Solandt, providing better service to employment along Hines Road, Solandt Road, and March Road. Starting December 22, 2013, these trips will be signed westbound as 93 KANATA N/SOLANDT/HINES.
Miscellaneous.
Destination signs.
Westbound.
There are a few different destination signs used for Westbound 96 buses. They include:
There are no special signs for trips that serve Pinecrest Garage in the morning (same thing for eastbound trips), as well as the Sunday morning detour due to the Alcatel Bikedays on the Sir John A. Macdonald Parkway.
Please note that all 96 buses do not serve Queensway Station when travelling westbound towards Kanata and Stittsville. As well, the D96 SPECIAL KANATA no longer exits. As a result, all route 96 trips traveling westbound towards Kanata and Stittsville travel via Katimavik Road.
Eastbound.
There are currently eight different signs for route 96 buses travelling eastbound:
All route 96 trips travelling eastbound towards Hurdman Station / Blair Station serve Queensway Station.
Frequencies.
Since its initial service frequencies, the service on the 96 has been augmented significantly. During weekdays, the 96 travels every 3–7 minutes during rush hours towards downtown and Hurdman Station (and sometimes Blair Station) in the morning (if the special D96 trips are included), and towards Terry Fox Station and Stittsville Station in the afternoon. Peak service from Stittsville in the morning and to Stittsville in the afternoon is every 15 minutes on route 96C and every 30 minutes on route 96A. Rush hour service is every 15 minutes to Terry Fox Station in the morning and to Blair Station in the afternoon. Midday service in both directions is generally every 15 minutes between Stittsville Station and Blair Station (almost all weekday 96 trips operate between Stittsville Station and Blair Station but a few start/end in Kanata at Terry Fox Station). Weekdays between 6 PM and 7:30 PM, Westbound trips are every 9–10 minutes to Terry Fox Station; Eastbound trips are every 15 minutes from Terry Fox Station. Between 7:30 PM and 12:10 AM, service is every 15 minutes in both directions between Hurdman Station and Terry Fox Station. Service to/from Stittsville Station is every 30 minutes until around 11 PM to Stittsville, and until 11:30 to Hurdman Station.
Saturday service is generally every 15 minutes through most of the day (between around 8:15 AM and 7 PM) in both directions between Terry Fox Station and Hurdman Station. Service to Kanata between 5:15 PM and 6:15 PM is every 10 minutes. Trips to/from Stittsville on Saturdays are every 30 minutes between around 6:50 AM and 6:50 PM eastbound, and 7:15 AM and 6:45 PM westbound. Evening service from 7 PM to 10 PM is every 20 minutes in both directions between Terry Fox Station and Hurdman Station. Trips from Stittsville are hourly between 6:50 PM and 8:50 PM, while trips to Stittsville are every 40 minutes from 7:20 PM to 10 PM, and hourly until 11 PM. Early morning and late evening trips are 30 minutes in both directions between Kanata and Hurdman Station.
Sunday service is generally every 15 minutes between Terry Fox Station and Hurdman Station in both directions between 8:45 AM and 6 PM. Early morning and late evening trips are every 30 minutes and evening service is every 20 minutes, all between Kanata and Hurdman Station. Service to/from Stittsville is every 30 minutes between 8:20 and 5:20 PM eastbound, and 8:45 AM to 5:45 PM westbound, with hourly trips to/from Stittsville between 7 PM and 9 PM westbound, and between 5:15 and 7:15 PM eastbound.
See also.
96 Stittsville Facebook Group: link title

</doc>
<doc id="5894267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894267" title="Metuchen School District">
Metuchen School District

The Metuchen School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Metuchen, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the district's four schools had an enrollment of 2,134 students and 167.2 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.76:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "I", the second highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
The Metuchen Board of Education is made up of nine elected members who serve three-year terms on a staggered basis, with three members of the Board selected by the voters each year.
Awards and recognition.
NAMM named the district in its 2008 survey of the "Best Communities for Music Education", which included 110 school districts nationwide. The district was also included in NAMM's 2009 survey of the "Best Communities for Music Education", which included 124 school districts nationwide.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2010-11 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5894268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894268" title="List of Stiphidiidae species">
List of Stiphidiidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Stiphidiidae as of Jan. 15, 2011.
Asmea.
"Asmea" Gray & Smith, 2008
Baiami.
"Baiami" Lehtinen, 1967
Barahna.
"Barahna" Davies, 2003
Borrala.
"Borrala" Gray & Smith, 2004
Cambridgea.
"Cambridgea" L. Koch, 1872
Carbinea.
"Carbinea" Davies, 1999
Corasoides.
"Corasoides" Butler, 1929
Couranga.
"Couranga" Gray & Smith, 2008
Elleguna.
"Elleguna" Gray & Smith, 2008
Ischalea.
"Ischalea" L. Koch, 1872
Jamberoo.
"Jamberoo" Gray & Smith, 2008
Kababina.
"Kababina" Davies, 1995
Karriella.
"Karriella" Gray & Smith, 2008
Malarina.
"Malarina" Davies & Lambkin, 2000
Nanocambridgea.
"Nanocambridgea" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Pillara.
"Pillara" Gray & Smith, 2004
Procambridgea.
"Procambridgea" Forster & Wilton, 1973
Stiphidion.
"Stiphidion" Simon, 1902
Tartarus.
"Tartarus" Gray, 1973
Therlinya.
"Therlinya" Gray & Smith, 2002
Tjurunga.
"Tjurunga" Lehtinen, 1967
Wabua.
"Wabua" Davies, 2000

</doc>
<doc id="5894269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894269" title="Joseph-Édouard Turcotte">
Joseph-Édouard Turcotte

Joseph-Édouard Turcotte (October 10, 1808 – December 20, 1864) was a lawyer and political figure in Canada East.
He was born in Gentilly, Lower Canada in 1808. He studied at the Séminaire de Nicolet. In 1831, he lost his right arm in an accident. Deciding not to pursue a future in the priesthood, he studied law with Elzéar Bédard and was called to the bar in 1836. He practice law at Quebec City and then Trois-Rivières. He became a supporter of Louis-Joseph Papineau and supported the parti patriote. In 1841, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Saint-Maurice; he opposed the union of the Canadas. He was forced to resign because he had accepted two government posts, but was reelected in an 1842 by-election; he was defeated in 1844. He was named solicitor general for Canada East in 1847 but was forced to resign in 1848 after two unsuccessful attempts to gain a seat in the assembly. In 1851, Turcotte was elected again in Saint-Maurice; in 1854, he was elected in Maskinongé as a Reformer. He served as mayor of Trois-Rivières from 1857 to 1863. In 1858, he was elected to the assembly for Champlain, now as a member of the parti bleu; in 1861, he was elected in Trois-Rivières. He served as speaker from 1862 to 1863. He was reelected in Trois-Rivières in 1863 and served until his death in Trois-Rivières in 1864.
Turcotte also played an important role in the economic development of the region, including railway links and the founding of a college there. He owned and was of the "Journal des Trois-Rivières" from 1847 to 1853.
His son Arthur served as a member in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec and his son Gustave-Adolphe-Narcisse was a member of the Canadian House of Commons. His daughter Marie-Louise married Ernest Pacaud, a Quebec lawyer and journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="5894286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894286" title="Helmshore">
Helmshore

Helmshore is a village in the Rossendale Valley, Lancashire, England. It is situated south of Haslingden, broadly between the A56 and the B6235, approximately 16 miles north of Manchester.
Helmshore is part of the Rossendale and Darwen constituency.  Jake Berry has been the Member of Parliament for Rossendale and Darwen since 2010.
History.
Early history.
The area around Helmshore is moorland. Post-Ice Age this would have been forested and bog oak can still be found on the flat peatland tops over 250 metres high. The forest declined in the Neolithic period, and largely disappeared during the Bronze Age, mainly as a result of climatic change although hastened by human activity. There is some evidence of human habitation in the area during the Neolithic period - stone implements found on Bull Hill and at Musbury valley, and the stones at Thirteen Stone Hill near Grane, and there are a relatively complex network of both local and long distance old tracks crossing the area.
The Park.
The village is dominated by the spectacular flat-topped Musbury Tor, once the centre of the medieval hunting park, or Forest. Either side of the Tor are two valleys: Alden valley in the south-west and Musbury valley to the North-west. The 'whole land of Musbury' was granted to John de Lacy (before 1241) by Lewis de Bernavill. A licence for a 'free warren' was granted to the Earl of Lincoln in 1294. Work on fencing the Park was completed by 1304-5, with palings being erected. The park, with its 'herbage and agistments' was said to be worth 13s. 4d. in 1311. In 1329 and 1330 it is described as 'Queen Isabel's park of Musbury', and fines were being applied for trespass to, among others, the rector of Bury. Stretches of the ditch enclosure are clearly visible at Grane and Alden valleys, and deer are still occasionally seen in the area. There are several current place names identifying the Park.
The Pilgrims route.
One of the main early tracks that passed through Helmshore was a route from the south (by the Pilgrim's Cross which was in existence in AD 1176) on Holcombe Moor, and then goes through Haslingden on its way to Whalley. This also connected with Watling Street at Affetside, and a well-established way from Bolton to Rossendale.
In Anglo-Saxon times, Whalley church was an important Minster and the mother church of an enormous parish. Later, in the medieval period, several chapels-of-ease were attached to Whalley church for the 'ease' of the scattered population providing access to the Mass and the sacraments. After the move made by the Cistercian monks of Stanlow to Whalley at the end of the thirteenth century, traffic would have increased along this route.
To the south on the old pilgrim road is "Robin Hood's Well", and above that is a cairn and memorial stone in memory of "Ellen Strange", generally believed to be a young girl murdered by her lover - an event recorded in a Victorian ballad by John Fawcett Skelton but now known to be a murder of a wife by a husband in 1791 that has become replaced by a colourful, but fictional, story. The event was commemorated by Bob Frith and the Horse and Bamboo Theatre group in 1978. The memorial stone was carved by Liverpool artist Don McKinlay and depicts the murdered woman. These routes fell into disuse for anything other than foot traffic after the turnpike improvements of the nineteenth century.
The Industrial Revolution.
Helmshore owes its development to a damp climate that was ideally suited to the development of the wool, cotton and linen industries. During the early part of the Industrial Revolution, from the 1790s on, small mills were built on the river valleys, such as Alden valley where there are still ruins, close to the farming areas - indeed most mill-owners were also farmers. But by the latter half of the nineteenth century these mills became redundant and industry expanded enormously as mill owners such as the Turner family built terraced dwellings to house the workforce necessary to run their cotton mills close to the roads and railways. During this period "Helmshore" gradually superseded "Musbury" as the main name for the community.
Helmshore became a mill workers' settlement, comprising an extensive area of woollen and cotton mills and associated workers' housing built along the valley of the River Ogden. The Turner family, whose tan pits and Hollin Bank mills were built as water-powered mills in the early nineteenth century, first established the settlement. The surviving mills later converted to cotton production. The area expanded with the opening of the railway in 1848, and includes the Station Hotel and St Thomas's Church (1851/2). The housing is mixed, with some two-up, two-down terraces, top-and-bottom houses and a few surviving back-to-back cottages.
1860 rail crash.
There was a major railway accident in Helmshore in September 1860. There were eleven lives lost and 77 people were injured. The accident happened on the line between Snig Hole and the Ogden Viaduct, both local beauty spots, 400 yards from Helmshore station. About 3,000 people had gone from East Lancashire on three excursion trains to Salford to visit the attractions at Belle Vue Gardens.
The second train with about 1,000 passengers and 31 carriages got to Helmshore Station where it stopped to let out some passengers. "When the guard released the brakes there was a jerk and 16 carriages broke away from the train and started sliding down the line between Helmshore and Ramsbottom. Mr Shaw, the superintendent, saw what had happened and unhooked the engine from the train in order to go down the other line to warn the third train, but unfortunately he was too late. The carriages had already run 400 yards down the line and collided with the oncoming train."
First world War.
On 25 September 1916 a 179m-long German military Zeppelin airship flew over Helmshore on a bombing mission. It was probably following the railway, attempting to inflict damage on the transport system. One bomb dropped near Clod Lane, Haslingden, where there was a gun cotton factory. Ewood Bridge station was destroyed by bombs and, after passing over Helmshore, the Zeppelin flew on to Holcombe where it did further damage.
Recent.
The railway that ran through Helmshore was closed in 1966 as part of the Beeching Axe, but relics of the old railway routes remain in and around the village. The Ravenshore viaduct has been vandalised but remains a considerable monument to the railway heritage. The Helmshore viaduct, close to the textile museum, is now a footpath. The railway preservation society that was founded to fight the Beeching cuts became the East Lancashire Railway, which now operates the Rawtenstall to Bury line.
One of the world's first municipal bus services linked Helmshore to Haslingden in 1907.
Helmshore has had a second major expansion since the 1970s with the building of a large number of new estates, and infill, often for commuters to Manchester. However parts of the village—and the surrounding countryside—remain very attractive.
Helmshore Mills Textile Museum.
Originally "Higher Mill", Helmshore Mills Textile Museum is a water-powered fulling mill and a 19th-century condenser cotton spinning mill, with working machinery. Built by the Turners in 1789, and rescued from dereliction by Derek Pilkington and Chris Aspin in the 1960s, it is now managed by Lancashire County Council Museums Service and details the changes made in textile technology over the last three hundred years through the use of interactive displays. Mill ponds, weirs, sluice gates and an aqueduct are also part of the museum as well as a 19th-century working waterwheel, fulling stocks and other machinery associated with the finishing of woollen cloth, an original Arkwright water frame, and a Hargreaves Spinning Jenny. It also houses a museum and bookshop selling, among other things, books on local textile history.
In 1856 Joseph Porritt established "Sunnybank Mill", an enormous mill which once housed the world's largest spinning mules. The other main Helmshore mill dynasty were the Whittakers, one of whose mills makes up part of the Textile Museum.
The Tor Mile Race.
Every year, an athletics race takes place in Helmshore - The Musbury Tor Mile. The race is thought to have started in the early years of the last century, and may have an even older ancestry. Originally the runners ran to, and around, Big Nor, a large stone at the tip of Musbury Tor, and back, but it was stopped after the farmer withdrew permission to use his land. The route was altered to make all parties happy, and it now actually measures nearer two miles than one - a mile up and a mile back down. Since 2004 the race has been taking place again and is part of the fell running tradition of the area.

</doc>
<doc id="5894288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894288" title="Frognall">
Frognall

Frognall is a small village in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated just north-east of Deeping St James, to which it is almost conjoined, and on the Spalding Road, the B1525, which becomes the A175 on its route northwards from The Deepings to Spalding. It is within the civil and ecclesiastical parish of Deeping St James.
The village public houses are The Goat, and the Rose Inn.

</doc>
<doc id="5894294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894294" title="List of Zoridae species">
List of Zoridae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Zoridae as of Sept. 7, 2013.
Argoctenus.
"Argoctenus" L. Koch, 1878
Elassoctenus.
"Elassoctenus" Simon, 1909
Hestimodema.
"Hestimodema" Simon, 1909
Hoedillus.
"Hoedillus" Simon, 1898
Israzorides.
"Israzorides" Levy, 2003
Odo.
"Odo" Keyserling, 1887
Odomasta.
"Odomasta" Simon, 1909
Simonus.
"Simonus" Ritsema, 1881
Thasyraea.
"Thasyraea" L. Koch, 1878
Tuxoctenus.
"Tuxoctenus" Raven, 2008
Voraptus.
"Voraptus" Simon, 1898
Xenoctenus.
"Xenoctenus" Mello-Leitão, 1938
Zora.
"Zora" C. L. Koch, 1847
Zoroides.
"Zoroides" Berland, 1924

</doc>
<doc id="5894297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894297" title="Seremban Jamek Mosque">
Seremban Jamek Mosque

Seremban Jamek Mosque is an old mosque in Seremban, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. It is located on the corners of Jalan Yam Tuan and Jalan Dato' Bandar Tunggal. Its architectural style is old Malaccan mosque style.

</doc>
<doc id="5894300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894300" title="List of Nicodamidae species">
List of Nicodamidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Nicodamidae as of May 21, 2010.
Ambicodamus.
"Ambicodamus" Harvey, 1995
Dimidamus.
"Dimidamus" Harvey, 1995
Durodamus.
"Durodamus" Harvey, 1995
Forstertyna.
"Forstertyna" Harvey, 1995
Litodamus.
"Litodamus" Harvey, 1995
Megadictyna.
"Megadictyna" Dahl, 1906
Nicodamus.
"Nicodamus" Simon, 1887
Novodamus.
"Novodamus" Harvey, 1995
Oncodamus.
"Oncodamus" Harvey, 1995

</doc>
<doc id="5894302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894302" title="Cholesterol absorption inhibitor">
Cholesterol absorption inhibitor

Cholesterol absorption inhibitors are a class of compounds that prevents the uptake of cholesterol from the small intestine into the circulatory system.
An example is ezetimibe, previously known as "Sch-58235". Another example is Sch-48461. The "Sch" is for Schering-Plough, where these compounds were developed.
Phytosterols are also cholesterol absorption inhibitors.
Physiology.
There are two sources of cholesterol in the upper intestine: dietary (from food) and biliary (from bile). Dietary cholesterol, in the form of lipid emulsions, combines with bile salts, to form bile salt micelles from which cholesterol can then be absorbed by the intestinal enterocyte.
Once absorbed by the enterocyte, cholesterol is reassembled into intestinal lipoproteins called chylomicrons. These chylomicrons are then secreted into the lymphatics and circulated to the liver. These cholesterol particles are then secreted by the liver into the blood as VLDL particles, precursors to LDL.
As a class, cholesterol absorption inhibitors block the uptake of micellar cholesterol, thereby reducing the incorporation of cholesterol esters into chylomicron particles. By reducing the cholesterol content in chylomicrons and chylomicron remnants, cholesterol absorption inhibitors effectively reduce the amount of cholesterol that is delivered back to the liver. 
The reduced delivery of cholesterol to the liver increases hepatic LDL receptor activity and thereby increases clearance of circulating LDL. The net result is a reduction in circulating LDL particles.
Importance.
Managing cholesterol at the site of absorption is an increasingly popular strategy in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia. Cholesterol absorption inhibitors are known to have a synergistic effect when combined a class of antihyperlipidemics called statins, to achieve an overall serum cholesterol target. For statin-resistant or statin-sensitive populations that are characterized by low one-year compliance rates, such a combination therapy is proving to be especially effective.
Partially due to the challenges of statin dose toxicity, cholesterol absorption inhibitors have emerged as a new class of anti-hyperlipidemics that is effective strategy for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia.

</doc>
<doc id="5894306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894306" title="Johnny McNeil">
Johnny McNeil

John Law McNeil (born Inverkeithing) was a Scottish footballer, playing as a centre-half, and a football manager.
John McNeil signed for Portsmouth from Musselburgh Brutonians In December 1928. He moved to Reading in January 1930 where he was a regular for a while. After a spell with non-league Guildford City he moved to Inverness Caledonian from where he joined Plymouth Argyle in August 1934. He played 143 times, scoring 13 goals for Plymouth, leaving Home Park in the summer of 1939 when he joined Clapton Orient.
He later managed Merthyr Tydfil until June 1947, when he was appointed as manager of Torquay United. His first season was not a great success, Torquay finishing in 18th place, but the following two seasons saw finishes in 9th and 5th places and the discovery of future Torquay greats Don Mills and Sammy Collins. He resigned in March 1950 to take the manager's job at Second Division Bury, not before complaining about the low attendances at Plainmoor, even when the team was doing relatively well. His time at Gigg Lane saw Bury constantly battle against relegation, albeit to his credit successfully, until he left in November 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="5894308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894308" title="Robert Cant">
Robert Cant

Robert Bowen Cant (24 July 1915 – 13 September 1997) was a British Labour politician.
Early life.
Cant was educated at Middlesbrough High School for Boys and the London School of Economics, and served with the Royal Corps of Signals. He became a university lecturer, and wrote "American Journey", a study of American high schools.
Political career.
Cant was elected a councillor on Stoke-on-Trent City Council in 1953.
He contested Shrewsbury in 1950 and 1951. He was Member of Parliament for Stoke-on-Trent Central from 1966 to 1983, preceding Mark Fisher.

</doc>
<doc id="5894309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894309" title="Old lady">
Old lady

Old lady may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894312" title="Jim Hrycuik">
Jim Hrycuik

James Peter Hrycuik (born October 7, 1949 in Rosthern, Saskatchewan) is a former Canadian ice hockey player. Although his National Hockey League career only lasted a total of 21 games, all with the Washington Capitals, he will always have a place in the Capitals' record books as being the one who scored the franchise's very first regular season goal on October 9, 1974 against the New York Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="5894313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894313" title="Kolkata TV">
Kolkata TV

Kolkata TV is a 24-hour Bengali news channel launched by SST Media in 2006. The headquartered of the channel is at Kolkata, West Bengal (near Park Street). Kolkata TV has a wide range of programmes ranging from hourly news, analysis of major news events as well as International news. Now this channel associated with TV9.

</doc>
<doc id="5894319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894319" title="Jackson County Airport">
Jackson County Airport

Jackson County Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894320" title="Aust Cliff">
Aust Cliff

Aust Cliff () is a 5.3 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest adjacent to the Severn Estuary, near the village of Aust, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1954. The Severn Bridge crosses the cliff.
Its SSSI designation is due to the presence of fossil beds. The site is famous for its Rhaetic bone bed, and is also the most productive locality in Britain for Triassic insects.
The lower part of the cliff is a red mudstone, with bands of nodules of pinkish-white alabaster. Above the red mudstone is green mudstone, followed by the Rhaetic bone bed at the base of a band of black shale. Above the shale are cream-coloured limestone beds.

</doc>
<doc id="5894328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894328" title="Angoche Sultanate">
Angoche Sultanate

The Angoche Sultanate was established in 1485 along an archipelago off the Northern Mozambique coastline. Centered on the cities of Angoche and Moma, the sultanate also had a number of vassal territories surrounding them. They were finally removed from power by the Portuguese colonial government in 1910.
The settlement of Angoche dates back to about the start of the sultanate. As one of the first settlements in Mozambique, it became a major trading centre, with important gold and ivory markets. The Sultans of Angoche expanded to rule over all the archipelago, with Angoche serving as the major city of their realm. However, for all its early trade, the city became replaced by Quelimane as a major port. The Sultanate was hurt by the settlement of a new group of people on its hinterland, who blocked access to the mainland and imposed tolls on passing caravans. During this period Angoche suffered from an economic decline, with the Sultans losing their political influence. However, the city still remained a centre for Islam and its expansion onto the mainland of Mozambique.
During the 19th Century, the Sultanate quickly supplied a growing demand for rubber, ivory and slaves. The latter became increasingly important throughout the century, as the European anti-slavery movement grew. The independence of the Sultanate from European Empires made it a focus for the slave trade. In 1847, many businesses had relocated to Angoche from cities under Portuguese control, to escape the taxes and duties imposed there.
The growing demand for slaves was the reason behind Angoche's expansion onto the mainland, where they could control the caravan routes and create their own slave bases. Musa Muhammad Sahib (who later became a sultan himself) realised this expansion of the Sultanate under the rule of Sultan Hasani Usufu. He relied on the widespread circulation of firearms to help him achieve this. Musa enslaved the Marrevoni of the interior (at the behest of one of the vassal tribes), bringing more ivory and rubber with his conquest.
In the 1860s, the Portuguese attacked the Sultanate, however their early campaign proved fruitless and they still had no direct control over Angoche.
A series of further campaigns, only partially successful, put the sultanate under Portuguese sphere of influencere. The slave trade continued until 1903, using smaller boats. In 1910, when the monarchy was abolished in Portugal, the Sultans were also overthrown and the Portuguese rule extended over Angoche with the building of new military posts.

</doc>
<doc id="5894332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894332" title="List of Phyxelididae species">
List of Phyxelididae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Phyxelididae as of Mar. 15, 2012.
Ambohima.
"Ambohima" Griswold, 1990
Kulalania.
"Kulalania" Griswold, 1990
Lamaika.
"Lamaika" Griswold, 1990
Malaika.
"Malaika" Lehtinen, 1967
Manampoka.
"Manampoka" Griswold, Wood & Carmichael, 2012
Matundua.
"Matundua" Lehtinen, 1967
Namaquarachne.
"Namaquarachne" Griswold, 1990
Phyxelida.
"Phyxelida" Simon, 1894
Pongolania.
"Pongolania" Griswold, 1990
Rahavavy.
"Rahavavy" Griswold, Wood & Carmichael, 2012
Themacrys.
"Themacrys" Simon, 1906
Vidole.
"Vidole" Lehtinen, 1967
Vytfutia.
"Vytfutia" Deeleman-Reinhold, 1986
Xevioso.
"Xevioso" Lehtinen, 1967

</doc>
<doc id="5894336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894336" title="Keith Stainton">
Keith Stainton

Keith Monin Stainton (8 November 1921 – 3 November 2001) was a British Conservative politician and World War II hero in France.
Keith Stainton was born in Kendal, Westmorland, the son of a Kendal butcher and a Belgian refugee his father had met during the First World War. He left Kendal School at 14 and worked as an insurance clerk from 1936 until military service. In early 1940 he volunteered for the Navy and was commissioned into the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, into submarines and served on the famous French submarine "Casabianca". Part French himself, he was awarded the Légion d'honneur, the Croix de Guerre avec Palme and a "citation à l'ordre de L'Armée" for his spy landings and torpedo actions in the Mediterranean.
After the war he read Economics at Manchester University where he was founder chairman of the Manchester University Conservative Association. From 1949 to 1952 he was a leader writer for the Financial Times. He was also a founder member of the Bow Group and first chairman of Croydon East Conservative Association. After working as a management consultant, he joined a major food manufacturing and distribution company and became managing director and chairman. He was a Lloyd's underwriter specialising in maritime and aviation reinsurance.
Stainton was Member of Parliament for Sudbury and Woodbridge from a 1963 by-election until the 1983 general election, when the seat was abolished by boundary changes. Edward Heath made him opposition spokesman on aviation in 1965.
Stainton married twice, and had six children by his first wife Vanessa Ann Heald (marriage dissolved). He married Frances Easton in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="5894339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894339" title="Michel Bellavance">
Michel Bellavance

Michel Bellavance is a Swiss flautist of Canadian origin.
Career.
Bellavance has performed concertos by Nielsen, Ibert, Reinecke, Bernstein, Kabalevsky, Liebermann, Mozart, Bach and Vivaldi with orchestras both in Europe and Latin America, including the Lisbon Gulbenkian Foundation Orchestra, the Geneva Chamber Orchestra, the National Symphony Orchestra of Peru, the Philharmonic Orchestra of Mendoza, the State Symphony Orchestra of Bahia and the Maracaibo Symphony Orchestra.
He has appeared at festivals in Switzerland, the United States, Peru, Brazil, Venezuela, Costa Rica, Chile, Colombia and Ecuador, on radio broadcasts for the CBC, the Radio Suisse Romande and National Public Radio (USA), and has given recitals in cities such as Prague, Barcelona, Geneva, Madrid, Basel, London, Zürich, Paris, Montréal, Ottawa, Washington DC, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Beijing, Shanghai, Sydney, Auckland, Lima, São Paulo, Brasília, Buenos Aires, Santiago de Chile and Bogotá.
His discs for Meridian Records, Atma Classique, Brioso Recordings and SNE have received international critical praise and attest to his keen interest for both new and less familiar repertoire.
In addition to his activities as a performer, Michel Bellavance is Professor of flute at the Geneva Conservatoire (HEM) (Switzerland), and regularly gives masterclasses in Europe, the Far East and Latin America, including the Royal College of Music and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London, the Beijing and Shanghai Conservatories, the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts, Sydney Conservatorium, University of Auckland and the San Jose and Lima International Flute Festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="5894347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894347" title="Pishiobury">
Pishiobury

Pishiobury, sometimes spelled Pishobury, was the second great estate in medieval Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire.
History.
This sub-manor of Pishiobury originated in a grant of 74 "libartes" of land within the Manor of Sawbridgeworth, which Geoffrey de Mandeville, 1st Earl of Essex, who died in 1144, made to Warin FitzGerold and Henry FitzGerold to hold by service of one Knight for each 20 libartes. Henry survived his brother, but his niece Margaret FitzGerold/FitzWarin inherited Pishiobury. She had married in 1200 Baldwin de Redvers, 6th Earl of Devon, and in 1228 she levied a fine with William de Saye by which it was agreed that William and his heirs were to have free warren, a hunting right, throughout Sawbridgeworth.
The successive Lords of the manor of Pishiobury had local hunting rights and their own park, too. In 1248 William de Say granted the heiress of Pishiobury, Margaret FitzGerold/FitzeWarin, wife of Baldwin de Redvers, the right of free hunting on her own estate with dogs, birds or nets, and free fishing in the river where it joined her lands; in return she recognized the de Says' right to have free warren over the whole Sawbridgeworth, including Pishiobury. 
This agreement shows how the right of other manors developed out of the original manorial powers of John, Lord Robert Lisle's son, kept of underwood from the land called Vodeleye; the park of Gedelesho and Gedelesho Wood (Gilston) and its keeper are mentioned, so presumably this was the manorial park. That the estate had some boundary fence or bank marking it off from neighbouring land is suggested by a reference to a house, on the left hand side within the second gare, which contained two chambres for habitation. Some idea of the size of Pishiobury estate emerges from the long lease which Richard, Lord Scrope of Bolton, granted to John Chauncy in 1400. The property then consisted of 319½ acres of arable, of pasture and of meadow - houses and an orchard. In 1534, Lord Scrope, sold the manor to Henry VIII of England who granted it to Queen Anne Boleyn; an extend made at this time once again describes the estate. The perimeter of the park was nearly two miles; it was well wooded with game, deer and rabbits, and there was a lodge on one side for the keeper: could this have been the house within the second gate of 1343? There was a moated house within the park with stabling for twenty horses. The house was described as "somewhat fallen into decay"; it was replaced in 1585 by a new house built by Sir Walter Mildmay. Chauncy described it as a "very neat and fair Pile of building for the Manor-house, upon a rising Ground in the Vale near the River Stort, lately converted into a Paddock for Deer, adorned in the Front thereof with a fair Bowling Green, raised about five Foot high, enclosed with a Brick Wall top with stone, and balls upon it, and two fair walks planted with trees; each walk extending about four Furlongs in length from the house to the road; where it is observable that there is no dust in summer, nor no dirt winter, a clear description of the setting of an Elizabethan house in its ground. The estate passed from the Gardiner family on the marriage of Rose Gardiner (1757-1835) (whose memorial tablet exists in St Mary's Church, Sawbridgeworth), daughter and heiress of Edward Gardiner (d.1779) of Pishiobury, to Jeremiah III Milles (1751-1797), son of Rev. Jeremiah II Milles (d.1784), Dean of Exeter. The house was remodelled or rebuilt by Jeremiah III Milles to the designs of James Wyatt in 1782–84. It was then illustrated in Neale's "Views of Seats" of 1821.
Lords of Pishiobury Manor.
Geoffrey de Mandeville, 1st Earl of Essex, who died in 1144, made the sub-manor of Pishiobury originated in a grant of 74 libartes of land within the main Manor of Sawbridgeworth to Warin FitzGerold and Henry FitzGerold, to hold by service of one Knight for each 20 libartes. 
Henry survived his brother, but his niece Margaret FitzWarin (Gerold) inherited Pishiobury. She married in 1200 Baldwin de Redvers, 6th Earl of Devon. 
Margaret was succeeded at Pishiobury by her son, also Baldwin de Redvers, 7th Earl of Devon, on whose death without issue, his widow Countess Margaret de Savoy had livery of the Manor until her death in 1292. It then passed to Earl Baldwin's sister Isabella de Redvers, Countess of Abalina, who died the following year and was succeeded at Pishiobury by her daughter Abalina de Fortibus, wife of Edmund Earl of Lancaster, second son to King Edward I of England. Her cousin, Hugh de Courtnay, great-great grandson of William de Redvers was her heir, but Warin de Lisle claimed Pishiobury in right of his son Robert de Lisl and was successful in 1310 (Henry Fitzgerald's daughter Alice was married with Robert de Lisle).
Robert de Lisle was summoned as Lord Lisle in 1311 and on his death in 1343 was succeeded by his grandson John Lord Lisle who died in 1356. Robert de Lisle was succeeded by his son William Lord Lisle who in 1393 granted Pishiobury to Lord Scrope of Bolton.
It remained in the Scopes, until 1534 when the 8th Lord Scrope sold it King Henry VIII of England, who annexed it to the Royal Honour of Hudson. An extend of the Manor, probably for the King at about this time, describes the park at Pishiobury to be nearly two miles in circumference, well wooded and supllied with game, deer and foxes. 
Pishiobury was also enjoyed for a short period by Anne Boleyn on whose execution it reverted to the Crown. Kind Edward VI of England granted it to a gentleman of the Chamber and in 1555 it was held by Thomas Mildmay, whose son, Sir Walter Mildmay, began the present house in 1585. In 1611, Sir Thomas Mildmay passed Pishiobury Manor to Lord Lionel Cranfield.

</doc>
<doc id="5894348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894348" title="Southern Michigan Railroad Society">
Southern Michigan Railroad Society

The Southern Michigan Railroad Society is a railway museum in Clinton, Michigan, United States. It has preserved of track and a variety of railroad equipment including the only GMDH-3 locomotive ever built. Trains are operated on a seasonal schedule.
History.
The Society began as the "Lenawee Area Railroaders", an informal association of railway buffs and modelers. They held monthly gatherings in Tecumseh, Clinton and Adrian, Michigan, and starting in June 1981 they published a newsletter, "The Cross Tracks". In 1982 when it was learned that Conrail would abandon their Clinton Secondary Track they founded the nonprofit Southern Michigan Railroad Society, a volunteer membership organization, "to back an attempt by local citizens to purchase and preserve the former New York Central Railroad's Clinton Branch rail line." 
In 1983 the Society purchased the abandoned former Clinton Engines building, located adjacent to the railroad at 320 S. Division Street from The Village of Clinton for a nominal sum. In July 1984, they reached agreement with Conrail to purchase the railroad, for $100,000. 
In 1985, a small "track speeder" motorcar had been donated to the Society, and during Clinton's Fall Festival, speeder rides were improvised for the public. This was successful. The Society was able to obtain other motorcars, and for several years operated a successful passenger service while they gathered funds to truck in full-size equipment. At the height of motorcar operation, there were two "motorcar trains" of up to 5 motorcars running simultaneously between Clinton and Tecumseh. 
The first large equipment to be obtained was an operating Plymouth locomotive and two cabooses. Within a few years, this was augmented with a pipe gondola car fitted for carrying passengers. Later, a 1920 Chicago South Shore interurban car was added to the train. Additional locomotives arrived, including a former Western Maryland Railway GE 44-ton and the GMDH-3.
In September 2009 a hostile takeover attempt was launched against the Society by a Tecumseh-area property developer and lawyer.
Heritage railroad.
The railroad runs from Clinton, Michigan, through Tecumseh, Michigan, to Lenawee Junction, Michigan. This line is the second railroad constructed in the State of Michigan, and the first branch line. It was originally the Palmyra Jacksonburgh Railroad, running between Palmyra (near Lenawee Junction) and Jackson, Michigan. 
The railroad runs between the towns of Clinton and Tecumseh during the summer months and from Tecumseh to the rural railroad junction of Raisin Center, Where the line is cut. the remaining two more miles track is unable to run over to rural Lenawee Junction, Most trains operate between the two towns, permitting stopovers. In October, "Fall Color Tours" use the longer segment to Raisin Center.
A notable feature of the line is Bridge 15, a Howe deck truss bridge listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Operations.
Operations typically run from May to October and December, usually operating between Clinton and Tecumseh. Special events include Clinton's Fall Festival in late September, color tours between Tecumseh and Raisin Center in October, and a "Santa train" in December. 
The train typically includes a South Shore car, passenger gondola and caboose, powered by either a 44-ton diesel or the GMDH-3 diesel-hydraulic. 
A train of motorcars is held in reserve and used on special occasions.
Collection.
Among the Society's equipment:

</doc>
<doc id="5894352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894352" title="Al-Falak Mosque">
Al-Falak Mosque

Masjid Al-Falak is the UEP Subang Jaya's main mosque. Located in USJ 9 in Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. The mosque is served for Muslims only from UEP Subang Jaya area. Non Muslims are not allowed to enter the mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="5894358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894358" title="Ravenna Festival">
Ravenna Festival

The Ravenna Festival is a summer festival of opera and classical music (as well as dance, jazz, ethnic, electronic music, drama, film, plus conventions and exhibitions) held in the city of Ravenna, Italy and the surrounding area each June and July.
It was founded in 1990 by Maria Cristina Mazzavilani, the wife of conductor Riccardo Muti, who makes regular appearances there.
Over the years Ravenna has become a significant date on the international musical calendar with its success in offering the world’s finest orchestras led by some of the most important conductors: Pierre Boulez, Claudio Abbado, Chung, Gavazzeni, Lorin Maazel, Valery Gergiev, Muti, Zubin Mehta, Georg Solti, Giuseppe Sinopoli, Carlos Kleiber, and Georges Prêtre. But the Ravenna Festival is not only symphonic music. In June and July there is opera, theatre, dance, chamber music, ethnic music and much more.
One of the distinctive traits of the Festival programme is the incorporation of Ravenna’s extraordinary and very rich architectural heritage. The Teatro Comunale Alighieri is the main venue for opera performances, but, in addition to the theatres, there are also splendid Byzantine basilicas (San Vitale, S. Apollinare in Classe, S. Apollinare Nuovo, S. Francesco), plus cloisters and piazzas which become the setting that gives special charm to the events, exploiting the magical link established between art and music.
See also.
Opera festivals

</doc>
<doc id="5894361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894361" title="Friedrich Wegener">
Friedrich Wegener

Friedrich Wegener (born 1907 in Varel – July 9, 1990, Lübeck) was a German pathologist who is notable for his description of a rare disease. Although this disease was known before Wegener's description, since the 1950s it has been called by the name Wegener's granulomatosis.
Wegener joined the Nazi Party in 1932. As a relatively high-ranking military doctor, he spent some of World War II in a medical office three blocks from the Łódź Ghetto, a Jewish ghetto in Łódź, Poland. There is speculation that he participated in experiments on concentration camp inmates.
The American College of Chest Physicians (ACCP) awarded Wegener a “master clinician” prize in 1989. After his Nazi past was discovered in 2000, the ACCP rescinded the prize and, separately, a campaign was begun to rename Wegener's granulomatosis to ANCA-associated granulomatous vasculitis. More recently, several journals proposed the name 'granulomatosis with polyangiitis' in a 2011 editorial.

</doc>
<doc id="5894376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894376" title="Rebecca Otto">
Rebecca Otto

Rebecca Otto (born July 9, 1963) is the State Auditor of the U.S. state of Minnesota. She is affiliated with the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party (DFL). She also served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 2003–2005 and on the Forest Lake School Board. Before entering politics, she was a science teacher and previous to that a business owner. She lives on a farm near Marine on St. Croix with her husband, Shawn Lawrence Otto, a filmmaker, novelist and science advocate. She is the third woman to serve as State Auditor, the first female DFLer to be elected to the post, and the first Democrat to be re-elected. In 2013 she became president of the National State Auditors Association and in 2014 was named one of 15 most influential professionals in government auditing.
Political career.
Otto initially led a successful school levy campaign in Forest Lake, and then was elected to the Forest Lake school board with broad support. In her first race for the Minnesota state house in 2002, she was defeated by incumbent Mark Holsten. However, the seat opened after Holsten was appointed to the office of Deputy Commissioner of the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources by Governor Tim Pawlenty. Despite a heavily Republican tilt to the district, Otto defeated Matt Dean in the special election.
Later in 2003, Otto and her husband were indicted by a grand jury for allegedly distributing false campaign material, a misdemeanor. She replied that the charges, filed by then-House Speaker Steve Sviggum, a Republican, were politically motivated and baseless. She was supported by a number of individuals, including former Republican Governor Arne Carlson, who signed a letter criticizing the indictment as politically motivated. In December 2003, the indictment was criticized by the judge as improper, the charges were dismissed by the court, and part of the law was stricken as unconstitutional. The charges, however, impacted her campaign and she lost her re-election bid in 2004.
Otto declared her candidacy for State Auditor in March 2005 and ran against Republican incumbent Patricia Anderson. She won the DFL endorsement and, after discovering hundreds of millions of dollars in financial errors made by Anderson, she won the general election in 2006 by the largest margin of victory over an incumbent in 112 years (since 1894). Former Governor Carlson, who had crossed party lines to support her during her legal ordeals, also switched his support from Anderson to Otto in the 2006 election. She was also endorsed by two other former state auditors of both parties, Mark Dayton and Judi Dutcher. In 2010, she was re-elected to a second term in a rematch against Anderson, surviving the Republican wave by 25,483 votes, also facing opposition from two minor party candidates who took votes on her left. She is running for a third term in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="5894377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894377" title="John Kearsley Mitchell">
John Kearsley Mitchell

John Kearsley Mitchell (May 12, 1798 – April 4, 1858) was an American physician and writer, born in Shepherdstown, Virginia (now West Virginia). He graduated from the Medical College of the University of Pennsylvania in 1819. Before he went to Philadelphia to practice his profession, he made three voyages to the Far East as ship's surgeon. In 1826 he became professor of medicine and physiology at the Philadelphia Medical Institute and in 1833 professor of chemistry at the Franklin Institute. From 1841 to 1858 he was professor of the theory and practice of medicine at Jefferson Medical College.
He was also the father of American physician and writer Silas Weir Mitchell (February 15, 1829 – January 4, 1914).

</doc>
<doc id="5894381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894381" title="Franklin Freeman">
Franklin Freeman

Franklin Edward Freeman, Jr. (born 1945) is a lawyer and public official in North Carolina, who retired from government service in 2009 as Senior Assistant for Governmental Affairs to Governor Mike Easley. 
He worked for Easley during the entirety of his two terms (2001–2009). As of 2009, Freeman is a partner in the McGuireWoods law firm and vice president of McGuireWoods Consulting.
Freeman, a native of Surry County, North Carolina, graduated from the University of North Carolina Law School and clerked for state Supreme Court Justice Dan K. Moore. Between 1971 and 1993, Freeman worked as a prosecutor and as an official at the North Carolina Administrative Office of the Courts. In 1992, Freeman was defeated in the Democratic Primary by Ralph Campbell in his bid to be State Auditor. Campbell became the first African-American to hold a state-wide elected executive office in North Carolina.
Freeman became a close advisor to former state Governor Jim Hunt and served as Secretary of the state Department of Correction during Hunt's 1993-1997 term. He then became Hunt's chief of staff and legislative counsel.
Hunt later appointed Freeman to fill a vacancy on the North Carolina Supreme Court, but Freeman was defeated in a bid to be elected to a full term on the Court in 2000. Under Gov. Easley, Freeman assumed a role similar to his post under Hunt.

</doc>
<doc id="5894392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894392" title="List of Gallieniellidae species">
List of Gallieniellidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Gallieniellidae as of Mar. 19, 2013.
Austrachelas.
"Austrachelas" Lawrence, 1938
Drassodella.
"Drassodella" Hewitt, 1916
Galianoella.
"Galianoella" Goloboff, 2000
Gallieniella.
"Gallieniella" Millot, 1947
Legendrena.
"Legendrena" Platnick, 1984
Meedo.
"Meedo" Main, 1987
Neato.
"Neato" Platnick, 2002
Oreo.
"Oreo" Platnick, 2002
Peeto.
"Peeto" Platnick, 2002
Questo.
"Questo" Platnick, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="5894397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894397" title="Chile Open (tennis)">
Chile Open (tennis)

The Chile Open (sponsored by Royal Guard) is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts in Viña del Mar, Chile. It is currently part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) World Tour and the opening leg of the four-tournament Golden Swing.
History.
In 1992, Brazil suspended its three ATP tournaments. When the ATP resolved to keep these tournaments in Latin America, the Fillol brothers decided to buy the organizing rights to hold one of these events in Chile. The first edition was held in Santiago in November 1993. In 1999, it was not held, due to the ATP's decision to reschedule the event to February 2000. In 2001, the tournament was moved to Viña del Mar. The event moved back to Santiago in 2010, eventually returning to Viña del Mar in 2012.
For the 2007 edition, the tournament switched to a 24-player round robin format. After problems with this format were discovered in other tournaments, the ATP decided to revert all round robin events to the old play-off format. Thus, from the year 2008, the tournament was back to its old 32-player draw scheme.
Many top-ten players have participated in this tournament, including: Mats Wilander, Jim Courier, Jiří Novák, Marcelo Ríos, Carlos Moyà, Gustavo Kuerten, Àlex Corretja, Tommy Haas, Magnus Norman, Sergi Bruguera, Guillermo Coria, David Nalbandian, Gastón Gaudio, Fernando González, Tommy Robredo, Nicolás Lapentti, Álbert Costa, Alberto Berasategui, Emilio Sánchez, Guillermo Cañas, Mariano Puerta, Nicolás Massú, David Ferrer, Fernando Verdasco, Juan Mónaco, Rafael Nadal, and Félix Mantilla.
Past finals.
Singles.
1 Club Naval de Campo Las Salinas in Viña del Mar.<br>
2 Hacienda Chicureo in Colina Commune.<br>
3 Estadio San Carlos de Apoquindo in Las Condes (Greater Santiago).

</doc>
<doc id="5894399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894399" title="Tangier Ibn Battouta Airport">
Tangier Ibn Battouta Airport

Tangier Ibn Battouta Airport (, ) is an international airport serving Tangier ("Tanger" in French), the capital city of the Tangier-Tétouan region in Morocco. The airport is named for Ibn Battouta (1304–1368), a Moroccan scholar and traveler who was born in Tangier. The airport was formerly known as Tanger-Boukhalef Airport.
A new airport terminal building was opened in 2008 to provide for many more flights and increased passenger capability, as Tangier has grown rapidly development and modernized. The airport is certified by ISO 9001/2000 quality standards.
The airport handled over passengers in the year 2009.
Facilities.
Aircraft parking space of supports up to four Boeing 737s and one Boeing 747. For small craft two dedicated sections are assigned. The air terminal is and designed to handle passengers per year. The cargo terminal is of covered space.
The airport has two runways but only the longer runway is in active use and 07/25 is closed. The 3500 meter long runway 10/28 is open and is capable of handling all sizes of aircraft up to the size of a Boeing 747 and Airbus A380-800.
The airport has an ILS status "(Loc – Glide – DME)" and offers the following radionavigational aids: VOR – DME – NDB. PAPI lighting available for runway 10/28 for approaches from either direction.
VIP Service.
Tangier-Ibn Battouta is one of the six airports in Morocco where ONDA offers its special VIP service Salon Convives de Marque.

</doc>
<doc id="5894400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894400" title="List of Lamponidae species">
List of Lamponidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Lamponidae as of May 21, 2010.
Asadipus.
"Asadipus" Simon, 1897
Bigenditia.
"Bigenditia" Platnick, 2000
Centrocalia.
"Centrocalia" Platnick, 2000
Centroina.
"Centroina" Platnick, 2002
Centrothele.
"Centrothele" L. Koch, 1873
Centsymplia.
"Centsymplia" Platnick, 2000
Graycassis.
"Graycassis" Platnick, 2000
Lampona.
"Lampona" Thorell, 1869
Lamponata.
"Lamponata" Platnick, 2000
Lamponega.
"Lamponega" Platnick, 2000
Lamponella.
"Lamponella" Platnick, 2000
Lamponicta.
"Lamponicta" Platnick, 2000
Lamponina.
"Lamponina" Strand, 1913
Lamponoides.
"Lamponoides" Platnick, 2000
Lamponova.
"Lamponova" Platnick, 2000
Lamponusa.
"Lamponusa" Platnick, 2000
Longepi.
"Longepi" Platnick, 2000
Notsodipus.
"Notsodipus" Platnick, 2000
Paralampona.
"Paralampona" Platnick, 2000
Platylampona.
"Platylampona" Platnick, 2004
Prionosternum.
"Prionosternum" Dunn, 1951
Pseudolampona.
"Pseudolampona" Platnick, 2000
Queenvic.
"Queenvic" Platnick, 2000

</doc>
<doc id="5894402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894402" title="Resolution (Andy Timmons album)">
Resolution (Andy Timmons album)

Resolution is a 2006 album by instrumental rock solo artist Andy Timmons.

</doc>
<doc id="5894406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894406" title="Lansing Capitals">
Lansing Capitals

The Lansing Capitals are a charter member of the Independent Basketball Association. Founded in 2006, the Capitals were originally members of the International Basketball League. They played a full season in 2006 and a partial season in 2007. In the first full season of competition, the Capitals featured two players selected to the 2006 IBL All-Star team: Cory Coe, who was the third leading scorer in the league at 28.1 ppg, and Steve Ordiway, who averaged 23.5 ppg. They did not play again until 2010 when they returned to the IBL as a "branding" team. They played in the 2010 spring and winter season and the 2011 spring season before leaving for the IBA.
The Capitals have placed multiple players in other leagues, such as the ABA, IBA, PBL, and UBA, as well as in European Professional Leagues, including: Cory Coe (Portugal), Carlos Gill (Spain), Jonathan Jones (Slovakia), and Derrick Nelson (Saudi Arabia).

</doc>
<doc id="5894407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894407" title="Jimmy Douglas (Canadian soccer)">
Jimmy Douglas (Canadian soccer)

Jimmy Douglas (born October 6, 1948 in Falkirk, Scotland) is a former Scottish-Canadian soccer midfielder and head coach. He played professionally in the North American Soccer League and earned fourteen caps for the Canadian national soccer team.
Club career.
Born in Scotland, Douglas moved to Canada in 1964 when he was sixteen. He almost immediately began playing for St. Catharines Heidelberg in the National Soccer League and by 1970 was in the first team. In 1974, he played in the North American Soccer League with the Toronto Metros before returning to St. Catharines Heidelberg for one season and Hamilton Croatia also for one season. He also played for St. Catharines Roma. He later became coach of St. Catharines Roma Wolves, serving as general manager in at least 2002 and 2003.
National team.
Douglas was one of Canada’s most talented midfield players. He played 14 'A' internationals including with the World Cup teams of 1972 and 1976 which failed to qualify for their respective finals. Douglas played another ten games with the Canadian Olympic soccer team. He was captain of the Canadian team during the final rounds of the Olympics of 1976, attracting international attention when he scored Canada’s goal in the dying minutes of the game against the Soviet Union. He also scored the first goal of a 1-3 loss to North Korea, which eliminated the Canadians.
In April 2001 Douglas was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5894411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894411" title="List of Prodidomidae species">
List of Prodidomidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Prodidomidae as of Nov. 14, 2013.
Anagrina.
"Anagrina" Berland, 1920
Austrodomus.
"Austrodomus" Lawrence, 1947
Brasilomma.
"Brasilomma" Brescovit, Ferreira & Rheims, 2012
Caudalia.
"Caudalia" Alayon, 1980
Chileomma.
"Chileomma" Platnick, Shadab & Sorkin, 2005
Chileuma.
"Chileuma" Platnick, Shadab & Sorkin, 2005
Chilongius.
"Chilongius" Platnick, Shadab & Sorkin, 2005
Cryptoerithus.
"Cryptoerithus" Rainbow, 1915
Eleleis.
"Eleleis" Simon, 1893
Katumbea.
"Katumbea" Cooke, 1964
Lygromma.
"Lygromma" Simon, 1893
Lygrommatoides.
"Lygrommatoides" Strand, 1918
Molycria.
"Molycria" Simon, 1887
Moreno.
"Moreno" Mello-Leitao, 1940
Myandra.
"Myandra" Simon, 1887
Namundra.
"Namundra" Platnick & Bird, 2007
Neozimiris.
"Neozimiris" Simon, 1903
Nomindra.
"Nomindra" Platnick & Baehr, 2006
Oltacloea.
"Oltacloea" Mello-Leitao, 1940
Plutonodomus.
"Plutonodomus" Cooke, 1964
Prodida.
"Prodida" Dalmas, 1919
Prodidomus.
"Prodidomus" Hentz, 1847
Purcelliana.
"Purcelliana" Cooke, 1964
Theuma.
"Theuma" Simon, 1893
Theumella.
"Theumella" Strand, 1906
Tivodrassus.
"Tivodrassus" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1936
Tricongius.
"Tricongius" Simon, 1893
Wesmaldra.
"Wesmaldra" Platnick & Baehr, 2006
Wydundra.
"Wydundra" Platnick & Baehr, 2006
Zimirina.
"Zimirina" Dalmas, 1919
Zimiris.
"Zimiris" Simon, 1882

</doc>
<doc id="5894413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894413" title="Vincenzo Consani">
Vincenzo Consani

Vincenzo Consani (1818-1888) was a prominent Italian sculptor from the Canova school. Consani's marble masterpiece statue "Vittoria" (1859) is in the Pitti Palace, Florence. 
CONSANI , Vincenzo - Sculptor, born in Lucca April 24, 1818 , died in Florence June 29, 1887 . He was a student of Louigi Pampaloni , he was professor at the Academy of Fine Arts in Florence , Tuscan battalion fought in 1848 . He had as a young man the favor of the ducal family of Lucca that he committed numerous portraits and made him make an image of the Immaculate Conception in the gable of a side door of St. Alexander .
For the portico of the Uffizi in 1856 did the statue of Father Antonio Micheli , and the Florentine exhibition of 1861 he exhibited a bust of Sappho which is still in the Palazzo Pitti and the Wounded Amazon that is at the Quirinale . In the hall of Jupiter Gallery of the Pitti palace itself is the victory that municipalities Tuscan donated to Vittorio Emanuele II , in 1867. 1870 is the monument to the Marquis Antonio Mazzarosa in Santa Maria Forisportam in Lucca , in 1873 the statue of Antonio Rosmini in Rovereto which is among his best , and almost contemporary sarcophagus with the recumbent figure of the Countess Matilda in San Giovanni di Lucca. His last work was the statue of the naturalist Paolo Savi sitting in the cemetery of Pisa, one of Eugene IV in the facade of the cathedral of Florence and the bust of the architect E. De Fabris , the interior of the cathedral itself.

</doc>
<doc id="5894419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894419" title="William Rees-Davies">
William Rees-Davies

William Rees-Davies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894421" title="Tomáš Krystlík">
Tomáš Krystlík

Tomáš Krystlík (sometimes called "Thomas Krystlik"), born in 1947 in Prague, Czechoslovakia, is a Czech-German writer, journalist and lecturer (in Czech National Library). He is the author of papers and essays on Czech-German relations and the Expulsion of Germans after World War II from the Sudetenland.
Krystlík worked for Radio Free Europe until the station was moved from Munich to Prague and for a number of Czech language magazines. His articles and books are the subject of criticism questioning their impartiality and historical accuracy. Krystlík has been repeatedly criticized for his anti-Czech biased comments and vulgarity. Source: http://fun-monster-high.blog.cz/ : T.Krystlik’s blog was deleted by the system administrator for failure to remove prohibited content, such as banned content, ie erotic, offensive or immoral.Source: http://krystlik.blog.cz/1210/pro-osvezeni-pameti
Books.
Tomáš Krystlík - Zamlčené dějiny 1918, 1938, 1948 a 1968

</doc>
<doc id="5894423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894423" title="The University of Louisville Cardinal Singers">
The University of Louisville Cardinal Singers

History.
The Cardinal Singers were founded in 1970 under the name University Singers by the late William C. Lathon, former University of Louisville professor in the Schools of Music and Education, as an outreach organization for the University of Louisville. In 1980 they were appointed by then Governor John Y. Brown, Jr. as Commonwealth of Kentucky “ambassadors of good will.” Mr. Lathon conducted the ensemble until 1991, when Shirley Wilkinson, long-time Jefferson County Public Schools (Kentucky) choral director, took over the leadership of the Singers. Dr. Kent Hatteberg began conducting the ensemble in 1997, and the name was changed to “Cardinal Singers” in 1998 to include the school's mascot. The ensemble rehearses twice weekly, and students receive a half credit for participation. 
The outreach mission of the Cardinal Singers continues as a focus today, and the Singers have made a number of appearances nationally and internationally participating in competitions, seminars, and benefits.
Local Events.
Locally, the Cardinal Singers perform for a variety of community events on and off campus, ranging from holiday concerts at the Louisville Speed Art Museum and St Martin of Tours Catholic Church for the WUOL Holiday Concert to singing the national anthem at the Louisville Cardinals basketball games. In February 2004 the Cardinal Singers were selected to perform at the American Choral Directors Association Southern Division Conference in Nashville, Tennessee. In July 2005 they gave a concert/demonstration for the Kentucky Choral Directors Association Summer Symposium and sang for the conducting session led by Anton Armstrong. In February 2006, the Cardinal Singers performed at the Kentucky Music Educators Association Conference and received wide acclaim.

</doc>
<doc id="5894424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894424" title="United States gubernatorial elections, 1999">
United States gubernatorial elections, 1999

Three gubernatorial elections were held in the U.S. in 1999. Kentucky and Mississippi held their general elections on November 4. Louisiana held the first round of its jungle primary on October 23 and did not need to hold a runoff.
The Democratic Party had a net gain of 1 seat, picking up an open seat in Mississippi.
Election results.
A bolded state name indicates an article about that state's specific election.

</doc>
<doc id="5894426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894426" title="List of Trochanteriidae species">
List of Trochanteriidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Trochanteriidae as of Sept. 7, 2013.
Boolathana.
"Boolathana" Platnick, 2002
Desognanops.
"Desognanops" Platnick, 2008
Desognaphosa.
"Desognaphosa" Platnick, 2002
Doliomalus.
"Doliomalus" Simon, 1897
Fissarena.
"Fissarena" Henschel, Davies & Dickman, 1995
Hemicloeina.
"Hemicloeina" Simon, 1893
Longrita.
"Longrita" Platnick, 2002
Morebilus.
"Morebilus" Platnick, 2002
Olin.
"Olin" Deeleman-Reinhold, 2001
Plator.
"Plator" Simon, 1880
Platorish.
"Platorish" Platnick, 2002
Platyoides.
"Platyoides" O. P.-Cambridge, 1890
Pyrnus.
"Pyrnus" Simon, 1880
Rebilus.
"Rebilus" Simon, 1880
Tinytrema.
"Tinytrema" Platnick, 2002
Trachycosmus.
"Trachycosmus" Simon, 1893
Trachyspina.
"Trachyspina" Platnick, 2002
Trachytrema.
"Trachytrema" Simon, 1909
Trochanteria.
"Trochanteria" Karsch, 1878

</doc>
<doc id="5894429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894429" title="Closing the Ring">
Closing the Ring

Closing the Ring is a film directed by Richard Attenborough and starring Shirley MacLaine, Christopher Plummer, Mischa Barton, Stephen Amell, Neve Campbell, Pete Postlethwaite, and Brenda Fricker.
The film was released in both Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom on 28 December 2007.
Closing The Ring is also the title of the fifth volume of Winston Churchill's six-volume memoir, The Second World War.
Plot.
The film opens in 1991, with the funeral of a World War II veteran. The man's daughter Marie (Neve Campbell) delivers the eulogy to a church full of veterans who knew and loved her father, while her mother Ethel Ann (Shirley MacLaine) is sitting out on the church porch, smoking and nursing a hangover. When Ethel Ann begins acting strangely, only her friend Jack (Christopher Plummer) seems to understand why. It quickly emerges that there is a lot Marie does not know about her mother's past and the true story of her love life.
The movie flips to a time when Ethel Ann was young, lively, and optimistic (young Ethel Ann played by Mischa Barton). She is in love with a young farmer, Teddy Gordon (played by Stephen Amell), who goes off to war with his best friends Jack (Gregory Smith) and Chuck (David Alpay), but not all of them make it back alive. The plot lines intertwine with the story of a young Ulsterman in Belfast, Jimmy, who finds a ring in the wreckage of a crashed B-17 and is determined to return it to the woman who once owned it.
Inadvertently caught up in cross-border troubles, Jimmy flees Belfast, travelling to Michigan to give Ethel the ring. Ethel reveals a wall covered in souvenirs of Teddy, which Jack and Chuck boarded up for her in 1944. Marie is shocked and furious to learn that her mother loved not Chuck, but Teddy's memory. Ethel travels to Belfast with Jimmy. She holds the hand of a dying British soldier caught in a car-bomb attack. Quinlan (Pete Postlethwaite) tells Ethel that he was on the hill when Teddy died, and that Teddy's dying words freed Ethel from her promise to love him forever. Joining Ethel in Belfast, Jack admits that he has always loved her. They begin a romance.
Production.
"Closing the Ring" was filmed in Toronto and Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, and Belfast, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
The B-17 used in this movie was the Yankee Lady from the Yankee Air Museum, which was also used in the movie "Tora! Tora! Tora!". It was flown by Captain D. Eugene Wedekemper.
Festival appearances.
The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on 14 September 2007. The film received its UK premiere at the London Film Festival on 21 October 2007.
Reception.
The film attracted a mixed critical response.
According to the Toronto International Film Festival it "exemplifies the balance between the epic and the intimate that has been the hallmark of Lord Richard Attenborough's venerable career...Attenborough traces multiple themes with ease and grace, giving his celebrated ensemble cast ample opportunity to shine". It concluded that the film is "a remarkable tale of love, loss and redemption that stands proudly among the films of one of the cinema's living legends. Deftly weaving together different eras and locales, Attenborough has produced another grand canvas about the emotional repercussions of a wartime promise."
Derek Malcolm of the "Evening Standard" wrote that it "is well-acted throughout and it has a romantic appeal that is not to be sneered at.."
Alan Morrison of "Empire" wrote "After recent disappointments Sir Dickie Attenborough is back on better, albeit old-fashioned, form."
Philip French of "The Observer" wrote "Woodward's script is more than a little contrived, as well as over-emphatic. But Attenborough has infused it with warmth and mature insight, and older members of the audience are likely to find it extremely moving."
Laura Bushell of BBCi Films called the film a "looping tale of love and loss in WWII which is so old fashioned in its aspirations, it's hard to see why new audiences would flock to see it."
"Variety" called the film "decades-skipping schmaltz" and an "aggressively bittersweet yet oddly uninvolving drama."

</doc>
<doc id="5894431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894431" title="OC Transpo Route 97">
OC Transpo Route 97

OC Transpo Route 97 is the City of Ottawa bus (transitway) between downtown and the airport. It starts at Bayshore Station near the Bayshore Shopping Centre and ends at either South Keys Station or the Airport. Several trips each day start or end at Tunney's Pasture Station. Some trips also serve Bells Corners after serving Bayshore Station. 
Route 97 is also used as an alternative to route 96 from Bayshore Station to Hurdman Station and thus provides improved service to the central transitway, the downtown core and Bayshore Shopping Centre. This also helps on transfers at Hurdman Station, Lincoln Fields Station and Bayshore Station to local routes, some of which in the east end extend to Hurdman Station.
History.
The 97 was created when the transitway gradually expanded in the 1990s especially when the southeastern leg was created all the way to South Keys Station. In its early years the route was serving from the Bayshore area until South Keys with occasional evening and Sunday service toward the Airport. During the 1990s, an older route 96 used to follow a similar route to the 97 from Carlingwood Mall to the Ottawa Airport before it was canceled and replaced in parts by routes 87 through Carlingwood and Hunt Club, 147 through CFB Uplands and the 97. Prior to the 96's cancellation, the 97 ended previously at Billings Bridge and later at South Keys (most trips). It replaced the 96 for the Kanata portion and eventually provided the only rapid transit along the southeast Transitway towards the Airport with more expansion planned towards the west. In 2003, the 97 travelled from Stittsville to the Ottawa Airport via Kanata, Bayshore Shopping Centre and downtown. 
In 2004, the city suddenly introduced a major change by splitting route 97 into two different routes which included the new route 96. The 97 lost the section between Bayshore and Kanata/Stittsville, which is now served by the 96 (which also travels via Highway 417 between Queensway Station and Bayshore Station). The 97 also lost its early morning service to Pinecrest Garage to route 96, since the latter one was traveling much closer to it then the 97 - in the late 1990s the early morning trips were running from Kanata to Pinecrest Garage while travelling on the southwest Transitway from Lincoln Fields Station until Iris Station before travelling on Iris Street and Pinecrest Road to serve the Garage starting/ending the trip. [http://web.archive.org/web/19970421204625/www.octranspo.com/octranspo/scheddir2/97map.html] By staying on Carling Avenue and Richmond Road only, it sped up the early morning trips by several minutes. Local route 172 and route 173 provide additional service on Pinecrest Road while route 96 served the area at the 417 (the future Pinecrest Station part of the western Transitway expansion).
Also, when the route was changed, the route's schedule configuration changed in some periods. In the past, numerous trips that started at the Airport were doing a longer trip to Kanata with some extending to Stittsville. Today, many trips that start from the Airport end at Tunney's Pasture Station. Many trips that end at Bayshore Station now start at South Keys Station, which in the past terminated at Lebreton Station. This occasionally forces some riders west of Tunney's Pasture Station to transfer to the 97 AIRPORT from the 97X SOUTH KEYS. 
In the past two years, weekday service has increased for most of the route.
In their transit realignment plan for 2009, the city planned two modifications with the 97. First, they planned on extending route 97 to Bells Corners via Richmond Road. It would terminate in an undetermined hub location in the community. The change is intended to facilitate transfers for some Kanata routes as well as a future east-west rapid transit link from Kanata to Orleans. However as of 2009, the proposal was never made nor proposed during the TransPlan consultations.
Also, there was a possibility that a shuttle service would replace route 97's coverage to the Airport, based on the likelihood of service by the future north-south light-rail project directly to the Airport. However, City Council have cancelled the light-rail project on December 14, 2006 which leads to a reduced likelihood of change to service to the Airport by route 97. If the light-rail project would have been completed, there would have been a shuttle service from a proposed Lester Station to the Airport replacing route 97. Route 97 would have ended at the Hunt Club Loop.
For the fall service change in 2010, route 97 operates 24 hours a day during weekdays only. Service to Bayshore Station terminates around 3 AM nightly and resumes at around 4:45 AM, meaning overnight route 97 only runs between Tunney's Pasture Station and Airport Station. Route 97 continued to not run overnight on Saturday and Sunday.
Starting on September 4, 2011, selected route 97 trips have been extended via Richmond Road to/from Bells Corners. These trips start/end near the corner of Moodie Drive/Robertson Road, and replace local route 166 between Bayshore Station and Bells Corners. These trips are signed 97 BELLS CORNERS VIA BAYSHORE and operate every 30 minutes on weekdays, and hourly on weekends. Route 97 also operates 24 hours a day on Saturdays, meaning Sunday is the only day route 97 does not operate 24 hours of.
Future changes.
Due to the lack of new developments along the route, no further changes are planned for route 97.
Safety Concerns.
There are two areas along this route that had been sources of security concerns over the past few years. The first section is between Bayshore Station and Lincoln Fields Station where there have been incidents of swarming and other incidents mostly at transit stations. The second area of concern is located in South Keys Station, where numerous similar incidents have occurred at the transitway station and more recently at Billings Bridge Station. Bayshore Station, South Keys Station, Billings Bridge Station and Lincoln Fields Station are all equipped with night-time stops in which every route is serving that particular stop and where all passengers wait at that stop after 9 PM on evenings.
Ottawa's former mayor, Bob Chiarelli had introduced a unit of officers that would patrol buses, most especially at routes that are more problematic and have a history of incidents. It is possible that the 97 would be of those routes.
Purpose.
The 97 is considered the main commuter route for most residents living in the south end of the city in areas such as South Keys, Walkley Station and Billings Bridge, as well as areas towards downtown and Tunney's Pasture. One major park and ride facility is served by the 97 which is at the Greenboro Park and Ride in the South Keys Shopping Centre area. 
It is also useful for residents in the Bayshore community during rush hours as it avoids a transfer from route 85 to the 96 or 97 at Lincoln Fields or Bayshore. Additional service between Lincoln Fields and Bayshore is also provided by routes 2, 85, 96, 152, 172, and 182 that travels via the 417, Carling Avenue, Richmond Road or various neighborhoods such as Craig Henry (route 172), Foster Farm (routes 172 and 173) or Iris (route 152).
Like the 95 and 96, it serves all major downtown touristic areas such as the Canadian War Museum, the Byward Market, the Rideau Canal and Parliament Hill. Students are also using this route to get to the University of Ottawa while travellers from the Ottawa Airport can use it as a direct link towards downtown.
The 97's route is located among several major shopping districts. It serves 3 major malls such as Bayshore Shopping Centre, Billings Bridge Plaza and the Rideau Centre. In addition it serves smaller shopping centres such as South Keys Shopping Centre on Bank Street and Lincoln Fields Shopping Centre located on Carling Avenue as well as the Sparks Street Mall, World Exchange Plaza, L'Esplanade Laurier and the Bank Street Promenade all located downtown.
Buses.
Despite its long coverage, regular buses were used for many years on this route instead of articulated buses. When the Rack-and-Roll program started in the early 2000s, some MCI's 89 and 91 models along with some Orion V's 97 and 98 models were used during the bike season. Starting in the winter of 2001, they've introduced the New Flyer's D60LF articulated buses on certain trips weekdays and Sundays. Those buses were introduced in 2002 on the Saturday Service. Today, the D60LF models are used for the vast majority of the trips with occasional Inveromodels on certain trips. Some trips were served by a double decker bus, the Enviro500, made by British bus firm Alexander Dennis, in the summer of 2012.
OC Transpo Route 98.
Since September 2008, many of the 97 trips that departs from Tunney's Pasture were replaced by new route 98, an extension of the former route E84 route that operated between Greenboro Station and the Greenboro community east of Conroy Road. One of every two weekday trips and all weekend trips where the 97 starts at Tunney's Pasture were replaced by the 98. All 97 weekend trips and weekday evening trips travel the entire route, while midday service still consists of half of trips running from Bayshore to South Keys and the other half from the Airport to Tunney's Pasture. The purpose of the change was to provide a direct connection from the Greenboro community towards downtown. There is no eastbound morning rush hour or westbound afternoon rush hour service between Greenboro and Tunney's, although westbound route 98 trips during the afternoon peak continue as route 97 to Bayshore and Bells Corners.
Local service in Greenboro alternates between route 114 (which replaced route C84 along the route during off peak times) and route 98. Weekday service on route 98 is generally every 15 minutes during off-peak times. Peak service is every 5 minutes to Tunney's Pasture Station in the morning and to Hawthorne in the afternoon, with 30 minute service in the opposite direction during these times, which do not travel north of Greenboro Station. Weekday evening service is every 20 minutes and late night service is every 30 minutes between Greenboro Station and Hawthorne. Saturday service is every 15 minutes during the day, with 30 minute service during all other time periods. Sunday service is every 20 minutes in the afternoon, with morning and evening trips running every 60 minutes between Greenboro and Hawthorne.
OC Transpo Route 99.
Previously used as the Highway 417 crosstown route from Orleans to Bayshore (and Kanata at peak periods) until 2007. Route 99 was re-introduced in 2009 as a rapid-transit route during the TransPlan consultation process. Plans are for a new rapid transit corridor designated to connect Riverside South with the southeast transitway at South Keys Station. Route 99 runs from the new Riverview Station to Greenboro Station via Spratt, Limebank, Leitrim, Albion, Lester and the Airport Parkway. The route replaces route 145 (which remains exclusively in Riverside South) as local route all day to Greenboro and Rural Express Route 45 towards downtown during the rush hour (the two Route 245 trips provided as extensions without transfer). Route 189 was also introduced to replace extra route 145 trips along River Road during rush hour - those trips are extensions of downtown route 99 trips. The route generally runs every 30 minutes from Monday to Saturdays except every 10 to 15 minutes during rush hour towards downtown. Sunday service is every 60 minutes. [http://www.octranspo.com/mapscheds/Service_Changes/2009/2009_SeptChange_menuE.htm].
In OC Transpo's September 2013 service map, route 99 is planned to be extended to/from Barrhaven Centre Station via the Strandherd-Armstrong bridge (still under construction), Strandherd Drive, Chapman Mills Road, Longfields Drive, Marketplace Avenue, and Marketplace Station.[http://www.octranspo1.com/images/files/systemmap/systemmap.pdf]
OC Transpo Route 106.
Since September 2008, OC Transpo Route 106 replaces portions of Route 85 which now runs only between Bayshore Station and Hurdman Station. Route 106 runs between Hurdman and Elmvale Shopping Centre via the Ottawa General Hospital and the Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario. It is designated as a Rapid Transit Route. The purpose of the changes was to improve reliability on Route 85 which was often criticized for being too long and often behind schedule by several minutes. Service is similar to the 85 with mostly 15 minute service during off-peak periods except every 20 minutes on Sundays and 30 minutes on early weekend mornings and late-evenings. Eastbound morning rush hour service and westbound afternoon rush hour service is running every 7–8 minutes between Hurdman and the Hospitals. [http://www.octranspo.com/mapscheds/Service_Changes/TransPlan/Transit_Approved.pdf]
On December 23, 2012, route 106 was extended downtown overnight to provide overnight service to the Ottawa Health Sciences Complex just off Smyth Avenue. This service runs 7 days a week, starts/ends at Lebreton Station and operates hourly.
OC Transpo Route 40.
Starting in Blossom Park, Route 40 provides additional service during peak hours to downtown. It continues to Gatineau after exiting the Transitway in downtown, going to major employment centres such as Place du Portage and the Terrasses de la Chaudière. Some trips also continue to Lebreton. It travells northbound in the morning and southbound in the evening with a headway of 5-20 minutes. Route 144 provides additional service in Blossom Park.
Miscellaneous.
Destination Signs.
Westbound.
97X LEBRETON : Used as overnight trips on Saturdays at 30 minute headways, these trips start at the Airport and do not serve Tunney's Pasture Station, Bayshore Station, or Bells Corners.
97X TUNNEY'S PASTURE : Several trips during the day terminate at Tunney's Pasture Station. Previously, these trips ended at Lebreton Station, but to avoid forcing passengers to transfer in order to access the O-Train at Bayview Station, they extended the trips further west. After the route changes were made in 2004, all trips that end at Tunney's Pasture Station start at the Ottawa Airport. These trips do not serve Bayshore Station or Bells Corners, and operate on weekdays only.
97 BAYSHORE : Most trips end at Bayshore Station. All weekday trips that start at South Keys Station, as well as all weekday evening, weekday early morning, and all weekend trips end at Bayshore Station.
97 BELLS CORNERS VIA BAYSHORE : These trips are extended via Richmond Road and Robertson Road to serve Bells Corners after serving Bayshore Station. They operate at 30-minute headways during the week and hourly on weekends, replacing route 166.
Eastbound.
97X SOUTH KEYS. All trips that end at South Keys Station start at Bayshore Station and operate on weekdays only. They do not serve the Airport and instead terminate at the end of the dedicated Transitway at Hunt Club Road.
97 AIRPORT VIA SOUTH KEYS. Represents the southern terminus of the route. All weekday trips that start at Tunney's Pasture Station end at the Ottawa Airport, as well as weekend trips from Bayshore Station and Bells Corners.
Frequencies.
Frequent service from South Keys to Hurdman Station and then to Tunney's Pasture is provided by both the 97 and 98. Route 99 and 40 also provide rush hour service downtown. Westbound morning rush hour trips and eastbound afternoon trips on the 97 have service every 5–7 minutes between Tunney's and the Airport with 15 minutes to/from Bayshore. Rush hour service on the 98 is provided every 5–10 minutes on the main community direction, but does not run north of Greenboro Station on the opposite direction (AM southbound and PM northbound). Midday service in both directions is every 5 or 10 minutes between Tunney's Pasture and South Keys, with service to Bayshore and the Airport every 15 minutes. Evening service is every 15 minutes and serves the entire route (Bayshore to Airport). Bells Corners is serviced every 30 minutes throughout the day as extensions of selected Bayshore trips.
Service is provided on Saturdays at 15-minute headway during morning and afternoon, and serves the entire route (Bayshore to Airport). Evening service is every 20 minutes for the entire route. Service to/from Bells Corners is every hour until approximately 11 PM.
Sunday service is every 15 minutes for the entire route in the morning. Afternoon and evening service is 20 minutes for the entire route. Bells Corners is serviced hourly until approximately 6 PM.

</doc>
<doc id="5894440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894440" title="Banwell Ochre Caves">
Banwell Ochre Caves

There are five caves in total which contain the most extensive and accessible yellow ochre workings in the Mendip Hills. A wide variety of ochre types and iron hydroxides (limonites) can be examined in situ, and the evidence of their accumulation as residual ore-bodies associated with Ice Age (Pleistocene) sediments is clearly visible. The caves are also a nesting site for the Horseshoe bat a protected species.
The caves were first exploited for ochre mining in the 1930s and worked until 1948.
Cave one is long, Cave two , cave three cave four and cave five long. A small additional cave is choked with rocks at a depth of .

</doc>
<doc id="5894441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894441" title="Cape May City School District">
Cape May City School District

Cape May City School District is a community public school district serving students in pre-Kindergarten through sixth grade from Cape May, New Jersey, United States. Its sole school is the Cape May City Elementary School.
The district serves students from Cape May Point, a non-operating district, who attend as part of a sending/receiving relationship.
As of the 2007-08 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 154 students and 16.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.6.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "CD", the sixth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For grades 7 - 12, students attend the schools of the Lower Cape May Regional School District, which serves students from Cape May, Lower Township and West Cape May, along with students from Cape May Point, who attend as part of a sending/receiving relationship. Schools in the district (with 2005-06 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are 
Richard M. Teitelman School (grades 7 and 8; 647 students) and 
Lower Cape May Regional High School (grades 9-12; 1,195). Both schools are located in Lower Township.
School.
Cape May City Elementary School served 154 students as of the 2007-08 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5894447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894447" title="Petjo language">
Petjo language

Petjo, also known as Petjoh, Petjok, Pecok, is a Dutch-based creole language that originated among the Indos, people of mixed Dutch and Indonesian ancestry in the former Dutch East Indies. The language has influences from Dutch, Javanese and Betawi. Its speakers presently live mostly in Indonesia and the Netherlands. The language is expected to become extinct by the end of the 21st century.
The language.
As opposed to a mere pidgin, Petjok is an actual language owned by a social category, "with standardized word order and grammatical markers in pidgin missing".
Just as the Indo (Eurasian) community historically originated from relationships between European males and Indonesian females, its language reflects this same origin. Typified as a mixed-marriage language, the grammar of Petjok is based on the maternal Malay language and the lexicon on the paternal Dutch language.
The main contact mechanisms responsible for the creation of Petjok are lexical re-orientation; selective replication and convergence. The original speakers of the language do not necessarily want to maintain their first language, but rather create a second one. These creative speakers of the language were probably bilingual, but more fluent in the dominant lingua franca i.e., native Malay language, than Dutch language.
In its overall split between grammar and lexicon, the structure of Petjok is very similar to the Media Lengua spoken in Ecuador by the Quechua Indians, with the critical difference that the much older language, Pecok, has undergone late system morphemes and syntactic blends.
The most important author that published literary work in this language is the Indo (Eurasian) writer Tjalie Robinson.
Each urban area with a large Indo community had their own variation of Petjok. For example: the Petjok of Batavia was influenced by a form of Malay which contained many Chinese words, in Bandung, many Sundanese words were used, while in Semarang and Surabaya many Javanese words were in use.
Petjo should not be confused with Javindo, a different creole language spoken by Indos in the Dutch East Indies (Now: Indonesia).

</doc>
<doc id="5894462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894462" title="Papillon (horse)">
Papillon (horse)

Papillon is an Irish racehorse formerly trained at Greenhills stables, near Naas in County Kildare. His most notable success was winning the 2000 Grand National.
Papillon is owned by American Mrs Betty Moran, owner of Brushwood Stable. She was not a fan of the Grand National and it took considerable persuasion before she would allow Papillon to be entered for the race in 2000.
Papillon had started the day with odds of 33–1 but was backed down to 10-1 by the time the race began. He was a first ever ride in the race for 20-year-old jockey Ruby Walsh, and was trained by Ruby's father Ted Walsh. When Papillon crossed the finishing line to win the world's richest steeplechase he became an instant punters' favourite. Papillon previously came a very close second in the Irish Grand National of 1998 under top-weight.
In 2001 Papillon returned to Aintree to attempt to defend his winning record. However, conditions were completely different from the previous year, as the race was run on very heavy ground and Papillon carried more weight. He was brought down at the 19th fence but Ruby Walsh realised there would be very few completions and remounted the horse to finish last of the four finishers, earning £25,000 for doing so.
Papillon was retired at the end of the 2002/03 season, having earned his connections over £400,000 in win and place prize money.

</doc>
<doc id="5894463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894463" title="Barnhill Quarry">
Barnhill Quarry

Barnhill Quarry () is a 3.1 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near Chipping Sodbury, South Gloucestershire, notified in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="5894464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894464" title="Ray Mawby">
Ray Mawby

Raymond Llewellyn "Ray" Mawby (6 February 1922 – 22 July 1990) was a British Member of Parliament for the Conservative Party and a junior Minister, who was in the pay of 2nd Directorate of the General Staff of the Czechoslovak People's Army, the communist Czechoslovak Socialist Republic military intelligence service.
Early life and political career.
Mawby was educated at Long Lawford school. He worked as an electrician, and entered politics through his involvement with trade unionism. He was an official in the Rugby branch of the Electrical Trades Union and became the first president of the Conservative Trade Unionists' national advisory committee.
Mawby was a Rugby Borough councillor in 1952. In 1954 he was present in a delegation to Cairo when Gamal Abdel Nasser gained power in a coup, and was the first foreign politician to officially meet him.
He became Member of Parliament for Totnes in 1955, and was assistant Postmaster General from 1963 to 1964. Mawby actively campaigned against legalising male homosexual acts. In 1983 he was deselected as an MP.
"Laval".
Following access by the BBC to previously secret files held by the current Czech Republic security services, it was revealed on the 28 June 2012 that Mawby, who was given the code name "Laval", had spied for the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic during the Cold War. He received £100 (approx. £1,530 at 2012 prices) per nugget of information, and even signed a receipt for one payment. He handed over handwritten floor plans of the Prime Minister's office in the House of Commons, and details of who provided security at the office. He also promised to ask questions in the House on behalf of his paymasters.
During the decade that Mawby supplied information he handed over lists of parliamentary committees, and details about his fellow politicians, including a supposedly confidential parliamentary investigation into a Conservative peer. Meetings sometimes took place three or four times in a month, although this greatly decreased by the end of the 1960s, and ended completely in November 1971.
There is no indication in MI5's authorised history that they knew of Mawby's spying activities, and he is the only Conservative MP known to have spied for a Communist government.

</doc>
<doc id="5894466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894466" title="West Cape May Elementary School">
West Cape May Elementary School

West Cape May Elementary School is a community public school district and elementary school located in West Cape May, New Jersey, United States that serves students in grades kindergarten through sixth grade.
As of the 2011-12 school year, the district and its one school had a total enrollment of 58 students and 6.3 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.21:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE", the fifth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For grades 7 - 12, public school students attend the schools of the Lower Cape May Regional School District, which serves students from Cape May, Lower Township and West Cape May, along with students from Cape May Point who attend as part of a sending/receiving relationship. Schools in the district (with 2011-12 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are 
Richard M. Teitelman Middle School (grades 7 and 8; 532 students) and 
Lower Cape May Regional High School (grades 9-12; 1,015).
As of 2013, the Lower Cape May Regional School District received a feasibility study that would look at ways to reconfigure the district, which had been established in 1956. The study considered Cape May City withdrawing from the regional district or the dissolution of the district, converting Lower Township's existing PreK-6 district to serve PreK-12, as the regional district's school facilities are located in the township. Cape May City and West Cape May could see annual savings approaching a combined $6 million from the dissolution.
School.
West Cape May Elementary School had an enrollment of 58 students in the 2011-12 school year, making it one of the districts with the smallest enrollment in the state.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="5894469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894469" title="Sex Court">
Sex Court

Sex Court is a US adult-themed cable TV show that was produced by 'Playboy Magazine Productions that made its debut on Playboy TV in 1998. It starred Julie Strain, Alexandra Silk, an unknown man who played the Sex Court 'Bodyguard', Henry, and of course the people who wanted cases 'tried'. Usually, people would submit complaints like 'My wife's had an affair'. The cases would be 'tried' in front of 'Judge' Julie Strain, and sentences ranged from a man pouring hot, melted candlewax on his unfaithful voluptuous wife's breasts, a sexually-repressed woman having sex with a male audience member and another female 'defendant' being 'ravaged' by the Sex Court 'bodyguard' Henry.

</doc>
<doc id="5894470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894470" title="Bob Rouse">
Bob Rouse

Robert John Rouse (born June 18, 1964) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player.
Playing career.
A prototypical stay-at-home defenceman, Rouse was drafted in 1982 by the Minnesota North Stars. After playing parts of six season with the North Stars, Rouse was traded to the Washington Capitals at the trade deadline of the 1988–89 NHL season in the deal that also sent Dino Ciccarelli to the Capitals. His steady and tough style of defensive play would help guide the Capitals to their first semifinals appearance in 1990.
During the middle of the 1990–91 NHL season he would be traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs along with Peter Zezel in exchange for Al Iafrate. He would join the Detroit Red Wings in 1994 as a free agent, and would help the Red Wings in two of their Stanley Cup winning teams (1997 and 1998), one of which would involve topping one of his former clubs the Capitals. Rouse would move on to playing with the San Jose Sharks in 1998–99 and retired during the 1999–2000 season after the Sharks released him.
In 1,061 NHL games, Rouse had 37 goals, 181 assists, and 1,559 penalty minutes.
Bob Rouse is currently (2007–2008) an assistant coach with the Chilliwack Bruins of the WHL.

</doc>
<doc id="5894476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894476" title="J. J. Hagerman">
J. J. Hagerman

James John (J.J.) Hagerman (March 23, 1838 - September 13, 1909) was an American industrialist who owned mines, railroads and corporate farms in the American West in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He was one of the most influential men in territorial New Mexico.
Early life.
J. J. Hagerman was born March 23, 1838, near Port Hope, Ontario, in Canada. His parents were James and Margaret (Crawford) Hagerman, immigrants of Scandinavian descent. The family moved to Newport, Michigan, in 1843. The family became naturalized United States citizens in 1848.
Hagerman went to the University of Michigan in 1857. While in college, Hagerman took a job as a clerk with the Milwaukee Iron Company, a manufacturer of railroad ties. He continued working there after graduation in 1861, and by 1863 had so impressed the company's owners that he was made business manager of the firm. 
Hagerman married Anna Osborne in 1867. The couple had two sons, Percy and Herbert.
J. J. Hagerman contracted pulmonary tuberculosis in 1873. Although he recovered, his health was greatly weakened for the remainder of his life.
As the country recovered from the Panic of 1873, Hagerman anticipated the increased need for iron ore. When the Menominee Mining Company was organized in 1877, Hagerman became an investor in and president of the firm. Using his knowledge of iron deposits gained while working for the Milwaukee Iron Co., Hagerman enabled the firm to become highly successful. The company's first successful iron operation was the Norway Mine. Hagerman built the nearby town of Norway, Michigan, to provide housing and services for the company's employees.
Hagerman's health deteriorated in 1881, and he moved to Switzerland. The family soon left for Italy, and purchased a residence in Milan.
Colorado ventures.
With Hagerman's health somewhat restored, and he and his family returned to the U.S. in 1884. He moved to Colorado Springs, Colorado, hoping that the dry air and high altitude would continue to improve his health.
Hagerman quickly became involved in local business. He built an office building and became a major stockholder in the First National Bank. 
Colorado Midland Railway.
Hagerman's new-found interest, however, was in railroads. In June 1885, Hagerman gained control of the Colorado Midland Railway, which ran from Colorado Springs to Aspen. Hagerman sought to expand the railroad to the boomtown of Leadville (where silver had been discovered in 1877). He bored the Hagerman Tunnel through the Sawatch Mountains, and completed the spur in 1888. Hagerman also used lucrative coal mines to not only power his railroad but also to sell coke to the Leadville smelters. In 1890, Hagerman sold the railroad to the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.
Mollie Gibson mine.
A miner at heart, Hagerman was not about to be left out of the silver boom hitting the region. H.B. Gillespie, a mine owner in the region who had been involved in several major silver strikes, owned the Mollie Gibson mine. A major silver vein had been discovered in the mine, but Gillespie was convinced that the vein also ran under a number of other, nearby mines. Seeking capital to purchase these properties before news of the strike got out, Gillespie contacted Hagerman, who agreed to invest heavily in the new company. In 1890, the Mollie Gibson Mining & Milling Company was organized with Gillespie as manager and Hagerman as president. The company quickly purchased the Lone Pine, Silver King and Sargent mines and invested heavily in the Emma and other smaller mines. The company announced its silver strike on December 9, 1890. The combined Mollie Gibson mine became the richest silver mine in the world until that time.
Still suffering from the effects of tuberculosis, Hagerman moved to New Mexico in 1892. But he retained his Colorado holdings, and took an active hand in managing his interests there.
The Panic of 1893 and repeal of the Sherman Silver Purchase Act caused the value of silver to collapse. But the price of gold remained unaffected, and the gold mining industry was still strong. A major gold strike near Cripple Creek, Colorado, led Hagerman to become involved in gold mining.
Isabella gold mine and the Cripple Creek strike.
Hagerman was approached by the owners of the Buena Vista mine, who were convinced that properties adjacent to their claim also contained gold. Following the pattern established in Aspen, Hagerman and his partners purchased 22 adjoining properties and formed the Isabella Gold Mining Company. The mine became a major success.
Hagerman was one of three mine owners to precipitate the Cripple Creek miners' strike of 1894. The mine owners, who employed about a third of the miners in the area, extended the work-day to 10 hours while refusing to increase pay. The workers, represented by the Western Federation of Miners, struck. Although some smaller mining companies capitulated immediately, the remaining owners (including Hagerman) raised a paramilitary force under the legal protection of the local sheriff. After a tense and somewhat violent standoff, the governor sent in the state militia to protect the miners. Hagerman and the other mine owners agreed to return to the eight-hour day. It was a major victory for the union.
In 1898, Hagerman sold his stake in the Isabella Gold Mining Company and turned his remaining Colorado interests over to his son, Percy.
New Mexico ventures.
J. J. Hagerman took up residence in New Mexico in 1892. Hagerman had purchased John Chisum's Jingle Bob Ranch (now known as the Old South Spring Ranch) near Roswell in Chaves County. He built extensively on the ranch, and founded the nearby town of Hagerman to accommodate his family's needs and his financial interests.
Hagerman quickly decided to build rail and irrigation concerns in the region to enlarge his holdings.
In September 1898 Hagerman donated the flat land atop North Hill in Roswell to New Mexico Military Institute.
Pecos Valley Railroad.
Prior to his move to New Mexico, in 1890 Hagerman incorporated the Pecos Valley Railroad to construct a railroad from Pecos, Texas, to Eddy (now Carlsbad), New Mexico, along the Pecos River. Hagerman wanted his line to connect with the Texas and Pacific Railway to improve local access to markets. The Pecos Valley Railroad was completed in 1890.
The discovery of a major artesian aquifer in the area in 1891 led Hagerman to extend his railroad. Hagerman reorganized the company and formed the Pecos Valley and Northeastern Railroad. Work began on extending the line toward Amarillo, Texas. The line reached Roswell and Portales in 1894, and connected to the Panhandle and Santa Fe Railroad at Texico. The line opened in 1899.
Irrigation projects.
Hagerman also sought to create farmland out of the New Mexican desert, and transport this produce on his railroad. In early 1890, Hagerman formed the Pecos Irrigation and Improvement Company. On July 1, 1890, this company absorbed the assets of the Pecos Irrigation and Investment Company, revising its charter in order to turn it into a land holding enterprise. Through the new company, Hagerman slowly assumed control of private irrigation project throughout the Pecos Valley.
Hagerman's irrigation company began designing an irrigation system for the entire Pecos Valley. The company built the Avalon Dam on the Pecos River in 1891, creating a six-mile (10 km)-long reservoir. The Avalon Dam's rockfill structure with impervious earthfill facing was the first of its type to be used for irrigation in the United States. It was high and long at its crest. An irrigation canal paralleling the Pecos River was also built. The canal crossed over the Pecos three miles (5 km) south of the dam by a massive long, wide wooden flume built in 1890. Hagerman's company began building a second dam, the Mcmillan Dam, in 1892. It was nine miles (14 km) upstream from the Avalon site.
In August 1893, flooding washed out the Avalon Dam and the flume across the Pecos River, and damaged the Mcmillan Dam. Despite the economic depression which had hit the nation, Hagerman poured money into reconstruction and repair of the structures, completing the dams in 1894. Similar to the Avalon structure, the McMillan Dam was a rockfill dam, long and high. The Mcmillan Dam served as a water storage facility, while the Avalon Dam served as a water distribution center for the irrigation system. The Avalon Dam, meanwhile, was raised by five feet and extended by . The flume was also rebuilt.
The irrigation project, however, began to slowly collapse. Hagerman's local business partners sold their interests in the Pecos Irrigation and Improvement Company in 1894. Experiments in growing a number of crops in the region had not met with much success. The company began to hemorrhage money, Hagerman's interest in the project began to wane, and additional financial support was not forthcoming. The company declared bankruptcy in 1898. Another flood washed out the wooden flume the same day. The company was sold to the Pecos Irrigation Company on August 17, 1900. That same year, Hagerman moved from his ranch into the town of Roswell.
Death.
J. J. Hagerman's son, Herbert James Hagerman moved to New Mexico shortly thereafter. He worked the Hagerman ranch while his father lived in Roswell. Herbert was named territorial governor of New Mexico in 1906.
Hagerman's health failed toward the end of 1900. He returned to Italy, and died in Milan on September 13, 1909.
J. J. Hagerman is considered one of the most important men in New Mexico history. Along with John Chisum, Charles Eddy and Robert Tansill, Hagerman deeply influenced development of the Carlsbad area. The development of railroads and irrigation in the region would not have occurred nearly as quickly without his financial backing and business acumen. He founded and built up towns and cities, donated large plots of land for public and educational use, and in general is considered one of the 'founders' of modern New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="5894477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894477" title="List of Sparassidae species">
List of Sparassidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Sparassidae as of Dec. 17, 2013.
Adcatomus.
"Adcatomus" Karsch, 1880
Anaptomecus.
"Anaptomecus" Simon, 1903
Anchognatha.
"Anchognatha" Thorell, 1881
Anchonastus.
"Anchonastus" Simon, 1898
Arandisa.
"Arandisa" Lawrence, 1938
Barylestis.
"Barylestis" Simon, 1910
Beregama.
"Beregama" Hirst, 1990
Berlandia.
"Berlandia" Lessert, 1921
Bhutaniella.
"Bhutaniella" Jäger, 2000b
Caayguara.
"Caayguara" Rheims, 2010
Carparachne.
"Carparachne" Lawrence, 1962
Cebrennus.
"Cebrennus" Simon, 1880
Cerbalus.
"Cerbalus" Simon, 1897
Chrosioderma.
"Chrosioderma" Simon, 1897
Clastes.
"Clastes" Walckenaer, 1837
Damastes.
"Damastes" Simon, 1880
Decaphora.
"Decaphora" Franganillo, 1931
Defectrix.
"Defectrix" Petrunkevitch, 1925
Delena.
"Delena" Walckenaer, 1837
Dermochrosia.
"Dermochrosia" Mello-Leitão, 1940
Eusparassus.
"Eusparassus" Simon, 1903
Exopalystes.
"Exopalystes" Hogg, 1914
Geminia.
"Geminia" Thorell, 1897
Gnathopalystes.
"Gnathopalystes" Rainbow, 1899
Guadana.
"Guadana" Rheims, 2010
Heteropoda.
"Heteropoda" Latreille, 1804
Holconia.
"Holconia" Thorell, 1877
Irileka.
"Irileka" Hirst, 1998
Isopeda.
"Isopeda" L. Koch, 1875
Isopedella.
"Isopedella" Hirst, 1990
Keilira.
"Keilira" Hirst, 1989
Leucorchestris.
"Leucorchestris" Lawrence, 1962
Macrinus.
"Macrinus" Simon, 1887
Martensopoda.
"Martensopoda" Jäger, 2006
Megaloremmius.
"Megaloremmius" Simon, 1903
Micrommata.
"Micrommata" Latreille, 1804
Microrchestris.
"Microrchestris" Lawrence, 1962
Neosparassus.
"Neosparassus" Hogg, 1903
Nisueta.
"Nisueta" Simon, 1880
Nolavia.
"Nolavia" Kammerer, 2006
Nonianus.
"Nonianus" Simon, 1885
Olios.
"Olios" Walckenaer, 1837
Orchestrella.
"Orchestrella" Lawrence, 1965
Origes.
"Origes" Simon, 1897
Paenula.
"Paenula" Simon, 1897
Palystella.
"Palystella" Lawrence, 1928
Palystes.
"Palystes" L. Koch, 1875
Panaretella.
"Panaretella" Lawrence, 1937
Pandercetes.
"Pandercetes" L. Koch, 1875
Parapalystes.
"Parapalystes" Croeser, 1996
Pediana.
"Pediana" Simon, 1880
Pleorotus.
"Pleorotus" Simon, 1898
Polybetes.
"Polybetes" Simon, 1897
Prusias.
"Prusias" O. P.-Cambridge, 1892
Prychia.
"Prychia" L. Koch, 1875
Pseudomicrommata.
"Pseudomicrommata" Järvi, 1914
Pseudopoda.
"Pseudopoda" Jäger, 2000
Pseudosparianthis.
"Pseudosparianthis" Simon, 1887
Quemedice.
"Quemedice" Mello-Leitão, 1942
Remmius.
"Remmius" Simon, 1897
Rhacocnemis.
"Rhacocnemis" Simon, 1897
Rhitymna.
"Rhitymna" Simon, 1897
Sagellula.
"Sagellula" Strand, 1942
Sampaiosia.
"Sampaiosia" Mello-Leitão, 1930
Sarotesius.
"Sarotesius" Pocock, 1898
Sinopoda.
"Sinopoda" Jäger, 1999
Sivalicus.
"Sivalicus" Dyal, 1957
Sparianthina.
"Sparianthina" Banks, 1929
Sparianthis.
"Sparianthis" Simon, 1880
Spariolenus.
"Spariolenus" Simon, 1880
Staianus.
"Staianus" Simon, 1889
Stasina.
"Stasina" Simon, 1877
Stasinoides.
"Stasinoides" Berland, 1922
Stipax.
"Stipax" Simon, 1898
Strandiellum.
"Strandiellum" Kolosváry, 1934
Thelcticopis.
"Thelcticopis" Karsch, 1884
Thomasettia.
"Thomasettia" Hirst, 1911
Tibellomma.
"Tibellomma" Simon, 1903
Tychicus.
"Tychicus" Simon, 1880
Typostola.
"Typostola" Simon, 1897
Uaiuara.
"Uaiuara" Rheims, 2013
Vindullus.
"Vindullus" Simon, 1880
Yiinthi.
"Yiinthi" Davies, 1994
Zachria.
"Zachria" L. Koch, 1875

</doc>
<doc id="5894488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894488" title="Barns Batch Spinney">
Barns Batch Spinney

Barns Batch Spinney () is a 0.06-hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near the village of Dundry, North Somerset, notified in 1987.
The English Nature citation says that Barns Batch Spinney is important because of the exposures which it provides of the lower part of the classic Inferior Oolite limestone sequence of the Dundry area. It shows rocks lying stratigraphically below the Middle and Upper Inferior Oolite Limestones seen at Dundry Main Road South Quarry.
The geology at this site provides a section spanning the division of the Middle Jurassic known as the Aalenian and Bajocian Stages and a sequence of rocks placed in the subdivision known as the discites zone, named after the characteristic fossil ammonite Hyperlioceras discites. This is one of the thickest sequences in Britain and may be used as the basis for defining these new subzones.

</doc>
<doc id="5894489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894489" title="HNLMS Evertsen">
HNLMS Evertsen

Seven ships of the Royal Netherlands Navy have been named HNLMS "Evertsen", after a family from Zeeland with many sea heroes:

</doc>
<doc id="5894507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894507" title="Alan Fitch">
Alan Fitch

(Ernest) Alan Fitch (10 March 1915 – 7 August 1985) was a British Labour Party politician.
Fitch was educated at Kingswood School, Bath (1927–1932), and was a mineworker. He represented mineworkers on the executive committee of the Lancashire and Cheshire Regional Council of Labour.
He was elected to the House of Commons as Member of Parliament for Wigan in a by-election in 1958, following the death of sitting Labour MP Ronald Williams. He was re-elected at the next seven general elections, before stepping down at the 1983 general election, when the seat was held for Labour by Roger Stott.
Fitch was a government Assistant Whip from 1964 to 1966, a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury from 1966 to 1969 and Vice-Chamberlain of the Household from 1969 to 1970, and was a member of the nationalised industries select committee.
Fitch was also a Member of the European Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="5894509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894509" title="Moore County Airport">
Moore County Airport

Moore County Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894510" title="Singapore Herald">
Singapore Herald

The Singapore Herald was a tabloid newspaper in Singapore whose publishing license was suspended by the Singapore government on May 28, 1971. The government had accused the paper of being involved in "black operations", of being funded by questionable foreign sources, of working up agitation against national policies and institutions, and of "taking on the government" [http://www.singapore-window.org/herald.htm].
In 1974, the government strengthened press control through the Newspaper and Printing Presses Act.

</doc>
<doc id="5894511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894511" title="Pierre Mercure">
Pierre Mercure

Pierre Mercure is (born in Montreal 21 February 1927; died in an accident near Avallon, France 29 January 1966), Canadian composer, TV producer, bassoonist, administrator. Premier prix Harmony, Counterpoint, Deuxième prix bassoon (Conservatoire de musique du Québec à Montréal) 1949. His main composition teacher was Claude Champagne. He also studied composition briefly with Nadia Boulanger in Paris and Luigi Dallapiccola at Tanglewood.
Pierre Mercure began his compositional career in the world of ballet, composing four ballets in a short period in 1948 and 1950, going on to compose orchestral, chamber and electronic music as well. He sought to make the Canadian new music community catch up with the developments of western classical music in Europe and the United States, taking many trips to France in order to absorb its contemporary music scene.
Works.
Ballet
Film
Orchestral
Chamber
Electronic

</doc>
<doc id="5894530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894530" title="Batul The Great">
Batul The Great

Batul, Bantul, Batul the Great, or Bantul the Great () is a popular Bengali comic strip character created by Narayan Debnath. It first appeared and still appears in a children's magazine called Shuktara and is widely read, not only by children but by adults as well. It has since appeared in comic book format and as an animation series.
Origin.
Narayan Debnath’s first comic book characters in color were for the comic strip and book "Batul The Great". By Debnath’s admission, he thought up the idea of the superhero while returning from College Street, Calcutta. He has remarked that the character of Batul was influenced by his friend Manohar Aich, the famous Bengali bodybuilder. The name came to him instantly and he thought up the figure of the protagonist rapidly. Initially, he did not know what he foresaw as a future for Batul and did not give him any superpowers.
When the Bangladesh War of Liberation, also known as the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 flared up, he was asked by the editors and publishers to add an aura of invincibility. Debnath was reluctant at first because he was worried about legal implications. On assurance, he made Batul a superhero able to take on tanks, airplanes, and missiles. Bullets began to bounce off of him, much like Superman. Batul is still drawn by Debnath for "Shuktara".
Here's a trivia... Narayan Debnath's comic character "Batul The Great" is a Frame by Frame copy from an English Comic Character "Desperate Dan" by David Parkins though David was never credited in any of Debnath's works.
Same goes with another comic character "Bahadur Bral" which was inspired by James Crighton's comic character "Korky the Cat"
Theme.
The hero of the story is a superman-like character, with a well-built body and enormous strength. He is so strong that he can stop a train, run through a wall breaking it to pieces, kill whales and sharks barehanded, and even bullets cannot pierce his chest. He has a great appetite and sometimes has a whale for his breakfast. Unlike other heroes, Batul does not wear any attractive attire. Rather, he is always seen clad in a pink or orange vest and a black shorts. He is the terror of dacoits and hooligans, and protects the good. Sometimes, Batul's amazing strength is the cause of his downfall. This is especially true when he is trying to operate machinery, since he usually breaks it. Another example, depicted in the panel, shows him trying to ride a bull in a rodeo, but due to his weight, the legs of the bull get embedded in the ground.
With him stay two mischievous boys viz. Bachhu and Bichchu (also sometimes referred to as Goja গজা and Bhoja ভজা ), who regularly play truant at school, often conspire with robbers and commit daring crimes like bank robberies. Other characters in the comic strip include Lambakarna, who has long ears and special powers of hearing; Batul's aunt, who cooks food for him; Batul's formidable pet dog Vedo, and a pet ostrich, Uto.
He can also ignite flames by rubing "Uko" on his head.

</doc>
<doc id="5894531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894531" title="Puchong Perdana Mosque">
Puchong Perdana Mosque

The Puchong Perdana Mosque is a mosque in Puchong Perdana township in Puchong, Selangor, Malaysia near Puchong Lake.
It was constructed between 2004 and 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5894532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894532" title="Gete">
Gete

The Gete () is a river in Belgium which flows south to north. It is a left tributary of the Demer.
The Gete is formed by the confluence of the rivers "Grote Gete" ("Large Gete") and "Kleine Gete" ("Small Gete") near Budingen. From Budingen the river continues for 12 km to the city of Halen, where it flows into the Demer. In history, the river has always been the border between the Prince-Bishopric of Liège and the Duchy of Brabant.
The source of the "Grote Gete" is situated in the village of Perwez. The length of the river to Budingen is 51 km. The river flows through Jodoigne, Hoegaarden and Tienen.
The source of the "Kleine Gete" is situated in the village of Ramillies. It flows through Orp-Jauche, Hélécine and Zoutleeuw.

</doc>
<doc id="5894536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894536" title="List of Lycosidae species">
List of Lycosidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Lycosidae as of Dec. 29, 2013.
Acantholycosa.
"Acantholycosa" Dahl, 1908
Adelocosa.
"Adelocosa" Gertsch, 1973
Agalenocosa.
"Agalenocosa" Mello-Leitao, 1944
Aglaoctenus.
"Aglaoctenus" Tullgren, 1905
Algidus.
"Algidus" Simon, 1898
Allocosa.
"Allocosa" Banks, 1900
Allotrochosina.
"Allotrochosina" Roewer, 1960
Alopecosa.
"Alopecosa" Simon, 1885
Amblyothele.
"Amblyothele" Simon, 1910
Anomalomma.
"Anomalomma" Simon, 1890
Anomalosa.
"Anomalosa" Roewer, 1960
Anoteropsis.
"Anoteropsis" L. Koch, 1878
Arctosa.
"Arctosa" C. L. Koch, 1847
Arctosippa.
"Arctosippa" Roewer, 1960
Arctosomma.
"Arctosomma" Roewer, 1960
Artoria.
"Artoria" Thorell, 1877
Artoriellula.
"Artoriellula" Roewer, 1960
Artoriopsis.
"Artoriopsis" Framenau, 2007
Aulonia.
"Aulonia" C. L. Koch, 1847
Auloniella.
"Auloniella" Roewer, 1960
Birabenia.
"Birabenia" Mello-Leitao, 1941
Bogdocosa.
"Bogdocosa" Ponomarev & Belosludtsev, 2008
Brevilabus.
"Brevilabus" Strand, 1908
Bristowiella.
"Bristowiella" Saaristo, 1980
Camptocosa.
"Camptocosa" Dondale, Jimenez & Nieto, 2005
Caporiaccosa.
"Caporiaccosa" Roewer, 1960
Caspicosa.
"Caspicosa" Ponomarev, 2007
Costacosa.
"Costacosa" Framenau & Leung, 2013
Crocodilosa.
"Crocodilosa" Caporiacco, 1947
Cynosa.
"Cynosa" Caporiacco, 1933
Dejerosa.
"Dejerosa" Roewer, 1960
Deliriosa.
"Deliriosa" Kovblyuk, 2009
Diahogna.
"Diahogna" Roewer, 1960
Diapontia.
"Diapontia" Keyserling, 1876
Dingosa.
"Dingosa" Roewer, 1955
Dolocosa.
"Dolocosa" Roewer, 1960
Donacosa.
"Donacosa" Alderweireldt & Jocque, 1991
Dorjulopirata.
"Dorjulopirata" Buchar, 1997
Draposa.
"Draposa" Kronestedt, 2010
Edenticosa.
"Edenticosa" Roewer, 1960
Evippa.
"Evippa" Simon, 1882
Evippomma.
"Evippomma" Roewer, 1959
Foveosa.
"Foveosa" Russell-Smith, Alderweireldt & Jocque, 2007
Geolycosa.
"Geolycosa" Montgomery, 1904
Gladicosa.
"Gladicosa" Brady, 1987
Gnatholycosa.
"Gnatholycosa" Mello-Leitao, 1940
Hesperocosa.
"Hesperocosa" Gertsch & Wallace, 1937
Hippasa.
"Hippasa" Simon, 1885
Hippasella.
"Hippasella" Mello-Leitao, 1944
Hoggicosa.
"Hoggicosa" Roewer, 1960
Hogna.
"Hogna" Simon, 1885
Hognoides.
"Hognoides" Roewer, 1960
Hyaenosa.
"Hyaenosa" Caporiacco, 1940
Hygrolycosa.
"Hygrolycosa" Dahl, 1908
Kangarosa.
"Kangarosa" Framenau, 2010
Katableps.
"Katableps" Jocque, Russell-Smith & Alderweireldt, 2011
Knoelle.
"Knoelle" Framenau, 2006
Lobizon.
"Lobizon" Piacentini & Grismado, 2009
Loculla.
"Loculla" Simon, 1910
Lycosa.
"Lycosa" Latreille, 1804
Lycosella.
"Lycosella" Thorell, 1890
Lysania.
"Lysania" Thorell, 1890
Mainosa.
"Mainosa" Framenau, 2006
Malimbosa.
"Malimbosa" Roewer, 1960
Margonia.
"Margonia" Hippa & Lehtinen, 1983
Megarctosa.
"Megarctosa" Caporiacco, 1948
Melocosa.
"Melocosa" Gertsch, 1937
Minicosa.
"Minicosa" Alderweireldt & Jocque, 2007
Molitorosa.
"Molitorosa" Roewer, 1960
Mongolicosa.
"Mongolicosa" Marusik, Azarkina & Koponen, 2004
Mustelicosa.
"Mustelicosa" Roewer, 1960
Navira.
"Navira" Piacentini & Grismado, 2009
Notocosa.
"Notocosa" Vink, 2002
Oculicosa.
"Oculicosa" Zyuzin, 1993
Ocyale.
"Ocyale" Audouin, 1826
Orinocosa.
"Orinocosa" Chamberlin, 1916
Orthocosa.
"Orthocosa" Roewer, 1960
Paratrochosina.
"Paratrochosina" Roewer, 1960
Pardosa.
"Pardosa" C. L. Koch, 1847
Pardosella.
"Pardosella" Caporiacco, 1939
Passiena.
"Passiena" Thorell, 1890
Pavocosa.
"Pavocosa" Roewer, 1960
Phonophilus.
"Phonophilus" Ehrenberg, 1831
Pirata.
"Pirata" Sundevall, 1833
Piratula.
"Piratula" Roewer, 1960
Proevippa.
"Proevippa" Purcell, 1903
Prolycosides.
"Prolycosides" Mello-Leitao, 1942
Pseudevippa.
"Pseudevippa" Simon, 1910
Pterartoria.
"Pterartoria" Purcell, 1903
Pterartoriola.
"Pterartoriola" Roewer, 1959
Pyrenecosa.
"Pyrenecosa" Marusik, Azarkina & Koponen, 2004
Rabidosa.
"Rabidosa" Roewer, 1960
Satta.
"Satta" Lehtinen & Hippa, 1979
Schizocosa.
"Schizocosa" Chamberlin, 1904
Shapna.
"Shapna" Hippa & Lehtinen, 1983
Sibirocosa.
"Sibirocosa" Marusik, Azarkina & Koponen, 2004
Sosippus.
"Sosippus" Simon, 1888
Syroloma.
"Syroloma" Simon, 1900
Tapetosa.
"Tapetosa" Framenau et al., 2009
Tasmanicosa.
"Tasmanicosa" Roewer, 1959
Tetralycosa.
"Tetralycosa" Roewer, 1960
Tigrosa.
"Tigrosa" Brady, 2012
Trabea.
"Trabea" Simon, 1876
Trabeops.
"Trabeops" Roewer, 1959
Trebacosa.
"Trebacosa" Dondale & Redner, 1981
Tricassa.
"Tricassa" Simon, 1910
Trochosa.
"Trochosa" C. L. Koch, 1847
Trochosippa.
"Trochosippa" Roewer, 1960
Tuberculosa.
"Tuberculosa" Framenau & Yoo, 2006
Varacosa.
"Varacosa" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1942
Venator.
"Venator" Hogg, 1900
Venatrix.
"Venatrix" Roewer, 1960
Venonia.
"Venonia" Thorell, 1894
Vesubia.
"Vesubia" Simon, 1910
Wadicosa.
"Wadicosa" Zyuzin, 1985
Xerolycosa.
"Xerolycosa" Dahl, 1908
Zantheres.
"Zantheres" Thorell, 1887
Zenonina.
"Zenonina" Simon, 1898
Zoica.
"Zoica" Simon, 1898
Zyuzicosa.
"Zyuzicosa" Logunov, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="5894539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894539" title="Louis-Charles Boucher de Niverville">
Louis-Charles Boucher de Niverville

Louis-Charles Boucher de Niverville (August 12, 1825 – August 1, 1869) was a Quebec lawyer and political figure. He represented Trois-Rivières in the House of Commons of Canada.
Early Background.
He was born in Trois-Rivières, Lower Canada on August 12, 1825. He studied at the Séminaire de Nicolet, went on to study law and was called to the bar in 1849.
Before 1867.
Boucher de Niverville was the Mayor of Trois-Rivières from 1863 to 1865.
He was elected as a member of the Parti bleu to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Trois-Rivières in an 1865 by-election. He succeeded Joseph-Édouard Turcotte who had recently died. Boucher de Niverville spoke in the Assembly in favour of the Quebec Resolutions in 1865.
After 1867.
After the British North America Act of 1867 was enacted, Boucher de Niverville joined the Conservative Party. The district of Trois-Rivières elected him to both the House of Commons and the Legislative Assembly of Quebec. He was also appointed to the Queen's Counsel.
After Retirement from Politics.
In 1868, he retired from politics and accepted the post of sheriff for the district of Trois-Rivières.
He died in Trois-Rivières on August 1, 1869 after suffering from lung disease.

</doc>
<doc id="5894540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894540" title="Mark Ritchie">
Mark Ritchie

Donald Mark Ritchie (born December 21, 1951) was elected the 21st Minnesota Secretary of State on November 7, 2006. He was re-elected in 2010. He is a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party. He grew up in Iowa, and graduated from Iowa State University in 1971. He and his wife, Nancy Gaschott, have lived in Minneapolis since 1986.
Early life and career.
From 1986 until 2006, Ritchie served as the president of the Minneapolis-based Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, a non-profit organization working with businesses, churches, farm organizations, and civic groups to foster long-term sustainability for Minnesota’s rural communities. Among other issues, it looked into how global trade rules impact family farmers and rural communities. He also founded the League of Rural Voters.
In 1994, Ritchie was a co-founder of the Global Environment & Trade Study, located at Yale University, which conducted research on the linkages and potential synergies between international trade and the environment. That year, he also organized a conference to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Bretton Woods conference. The 1994 conference, held at the Mt. Washington Hotel, featured a return of many of the "old timers" who had attended the 1944 conference or other founding conferences for the postwar economic system.
In 2000 during the presidential election, Ritchie was one of 52 farm and rural activists who formed "Family Farmers’ National Alliance for Nader/LaDuke" to support the presidential campaign of Ralph Nader.
In 2004, Ritchie took a leave of absence from the Institute to lead National Voice, a national coalition of non-partisan organizations from across the country made up of church, business, and community organizations. National Voice included over 400 Minnesota organizations that formed the Minnesota Participation Project. The national media campaign called "November 2" and the constituent organizations helped voters find new ways to get involved in the elections. Their goal was to register and turn out over 5 million new voters nationwide. As part of this work, he appeared on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart on Election Night 2004.
Ritchie was asked in 2005 to testify before the Midwest Regional Hearing of the National Commission On The Voting Rights Act about the importance of voting and the challenges minority voters faced in 2004.
Ritchie was re-elected as Secretary of State on November 2, 2010, defeating Republican challenger, former State Representative and Minority Whip Dan Severson in a close race. He had announced he would not seek a third term.
Secretary of State.
Mark Ritchie was elected Minnesota's Secretary of State in the November 2006 General Election. He was supported by the Secretary of State Project, a progressive organization formed in response to the 2000 presidential election.[http://www.secstateproject.org/] 
In 2008, Ritchie presided over the most publicly scrutinized recount in the history of the United States Senate, the election contest of Al Franken and Norm Coleman. The Minnesota Supreme Court unanimously supported the conclusions of the recount. 
Ritchie is also widely credited with increasing the number of overseas military voters in Minnesota elections.
In 2007, Ritchie initially denied knowing how his campaign received a list of e-mail addresses of participants in a state-sponsored program. The list was used to send a citizen an e-mail asking for political contributions. After an investigation by the Legislative Auditor of Minnesota he admitted that he personally transferred the list, which was publicly available, to his campaign. State Republican leaders, citing inconsistencies from him regarding his role in his campaign's procurement of the list, called on him to resign. The Legislative Auditor determined that he had not broken any laws by allowing his campaign to use the e-mail list because it was public data. However, the Auditor did say that he "did not fulfill his legal obligation to make a full and timely response to a request for information from the Legislative Auditor," although he disputed this statement. 
In January, 2011, he became the president of the century-old National Association of Secretaries of State, and was formally sworn-in on February 12, 2011. His term, succeeding a predecessor who was defeated in the 2010 midterm elections, ends when the organization holds its summer meeting in West Virginia.
2008 election.
In Minnesota, the main duty of the Secretary of State is running the state's elections. The 2008 elections were particularly busy for Ritchie and his staff. The Secretary of State's office oversaw the November 2008 General Election, in which a record number of votes were cast, a statewide recount in a primary race for the Minnesota Supreme Court, recounts in the general elections contest of several state legislative races, and the disputed and highly publicized U.S. Senate race.
The 2008 U.S. Senate race initially had a margin of 206 votes separating incumbent Republican Senator Norm Coleman and Democratic challenger Al Franken, out of almost three million votes cast. The narrow margin in this election mandated a
state-wide recount of all ballots. The recount was run by the nonpartisan Minnesota Canvassing Board which was chaired by Ritchie, and included Minnesota Supreme Court Chief Justice Eric Magnuson, Minnesota Supreme Court Justice G. Barry Anderson, Ramsey County District Court Chief Judge Kathleen Gearin, and Assistant Chief Judge Edward Cleary. Some conservative commentators accused Ritchie of bias during the Senate recount, saying the fact that he accepted contributions and an endorsement from ACORN during his 2006 campaign compromised his integrity as Secretary of State. Most Minnesotans were generally supportive of Ritchie, the canvassing board, and the way that election and recount were handled, as shown by polls taken at the time and statements from public figures, including Republicans such as Governor Tim Pawlenty and previous Secretary of State Mary Kiffmeyer.
2012 ballot title naming.
Minnesota Statute 204D.15, [https://www.revisor.mn.gov/statutes/?id=204D.15] with lineage dating back to 1919, requires the Secretary of State shall provide an “appropriate title” for constitutional amendments. 
The first proposed constitutional amendment [https://www.revisor.mn.gov/bin/bldbill.php?bill=H2738.3.html&session=ls87] requires voters to present valid government approved photographic identification; absentee voters be subject to substantially equivalent identity and eligibility verification, in person voters without valid government approved photographic identification would be allowed to submit a provisional ballot which would not be cast until eligibility verification is complete. The legislature gave the amendment the name "Photo identification required for voting."
The second constitutional amendment [https://www.revisor.mn.gov/bin/bldbill.php?bill=H1613.0.html&session=ls87] defines marriage as being only between one man and one woman and was named "Shall the Minnesota Constitution be amended to provide that only a union of one man and one woman shall be valid or recognized as a marriage in Minnesota?" by the legislature. 
Secretary of State Mark Ritchie, fulfilling his statutorial responsibility, provided titles for the constitutional amendments: "Changes to in-person and absentee voting and voter registration; provisional ballots" and "Limiting the status of marriage to opposite sex couples." 
As a result, critics have accused Ritchie of attempting to influence the outcome of the ballot measures, the state legislature has begun crafting legislation to remove his office's responsibility to name ballot titles and Republican lawmakers have filed a lawsuit against him. An amicus brief has been filed by 19 law professors, who have a broad range of opinions on the amendments, stating that neither the Secretary of State nor the Attorney General has “exceeded their respective broad discretionary powers under statute to choose and approve an appropriate ballot title”.
On Monday, August 28, 2012, the Minnesota Supreme Court ruled in favor of Republicans and retained the original titles of both ballot measures.

</doc>
<doc id="5894542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894542" title="Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum">
Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum

The Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, dedicated to the history of sport in Manitoba and honouring the best in sport. The organization began in 1980 and in 1993, a museum was opened in The Forks. After five years, the museum moved to The Bay store on Portage Avenue.
However, the museum has moved to the Sport Manitoba building, and had a grand opening on October 27, 2012. 
Exhibits of Manitoba's sports teams and honoured athletes are displayed in the museum.
Affiliations.
The Museum is affiliated with: CMA, CHIN, and Virtual Museum of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="5894548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894548" title="Claudio Bravo (footballer)">
Claudio Bravo (footballer)

Claudio Andrés Bravo Muñoz (; born 13 April 1983) is a Chilean professional footballer who plays for FC Barcelona in Spain and the Chilean national team, as a goalkeeper.
He started playing with Colo-Colo and moved to Real Sociedad in 2006, appearing in 237 official games with the club. Barcelona signed him for €12 million in 2014.
Bravo earned over 80 caps for Chile from his debut in 2004, and represented the nation in two World Cups and three Copa América tournaments.
Club career.
Colo-Colo.
Bravo was born in Viluco, Maipo Province. His father recognized his son's emerging talent and took him to Colo-Colo's youth academy, and he eventually made his professional debut in 2002. There, he was given the nickname "Cóndor Chico", after former club goalkeeper Roberto Rojas.
After an injury to Eduardo Lobos, manager Jaime Pizarro gave Bravo his first chance, which would be however short-lived, as he too was injured, which prompted the subsequent signing of Jonny Walker.
Bravo recovered from injury in mid-2003 and with Lobos still in the sidelines, he took over the starting role which he would never lose again, with his competitor eventually being sold. In 2006 he won his first title, making an acrobatic save in the "Apertura"'s penalty shootout final win against arch-rival C.F. Universidad de Chile.
Real Sociedad.
For the 2006–07 season Bravo signed a five-year contract with Real Sociedad in Spain, in a reported €1.2 million deal –he and Asier Riesgo formed the youngest pair of goalkeepers that year in La Liga. He started on the bench, but eventually gained the battle for first-choice (29 games to nine) as the Basque side was relegated (despite this, he finished in fifth place for the Ricardo Zamora Trophy with a goal-against average of 1.00); his league debut came on 22 October 2006, in a 0–0 away draw against RCD Mallorca.
The following season, Riesgo reclaimed his starting position. For 2008–09 however, after a loan to the former to Recreativo de Huelva, Bravo was again the starter, but Real remained in the second division.
On 14 February 2010 Bravo scored the first goal of his career, from a direct free kick against Gimnàstic de Tarragona, the game's only in a home triumph. However, shortly after, he suffered a severe knee injury during Real Sociedad's 0–2 loss at Córdoba CF, which rendered him unavailable for the remainder of the season. He still featured in 25 matches to help his team finish champions and return to the top division, after three years.
Barcelona.
Bravo joined FC Barcelona on 18 June 2014 with the four-year deal being made effective on 1 July, for €12 million.
International career.
Bravo represented Chile at under-17, under-20 and under-23 levels. He made his debut with the main side on 11 July 2004 against Paraguay in the 2004 Copa América, and retained his place for the rest of the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Bravo was again called for duty in the 2007 Copa América held in Venezuela, where he started all four games. He became national side captain after Marcelo Salas announced his international retirement.
In the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, Bravo started in all four matches for Chile (remaining as captain), conceding five goals in an eventual 0–3 round-of-16 loss against Brazil. He was also selected by new manager Jorge Sampaoli to the squad of 23 for the following edition, which again ended in the same stage and at the hands of the same opponent, but in a penalty shootout.

</doc>
<doc id="5894549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894549" title="Banwell Caves">
Banwell Caves

The site comprises two caves, called 'Banwell Bone Cave' and 'Banwell Stalactite Cave', which lie within the grounds of a large house, at the western end of Banwell Hill. The caves contain barite deposits, which are found in greater abundance and variety here than at any other site in the Mendip Hills, and are used as a hibernation site by greater horseshoe bats ("Rhinolophus ferrumequinum").
The site also has several grottos and follies, including the Pebble summerhouse, Druid's Temple, an osteoicon (or bone repository) and Banwell Tower which was completed in 1840.
History.
The first cave to be discovered was the Stalactite Cave in 1757. This was opened in 1824 as a show cave to raise money for the local school. In an attempt to make access easier, a tunnel was dug into the hill during which the bone cave was discovered in 1825. 
The estate was owned by George Henry Law as Bishop of Bath and Wells, who thought the bones which were found were those of animals drowned in the flood at the time of Noah's Ark described in the Book of Genesis. The bishop had paths and folly buildings created for visitors and built a small cottage, which later became his retirement home.
Since the 1970s, preservation and restoration work has been undertaken.
Bone Cave.
Banwell Bone Cave is long and deep. The Bone Cavern itself is high and wide and 20 m long. It is approached through an early 19th-century archway. It contains an assemblage of bones of mammals (including bear, deer, ox, bison and reindeer) from the Pleistocene era (approximately 80,000 years ago). The cave has a large hole in the roof and is believed to have been used as a pitfall trap.
The Bone Cave was discovered in 1824 during attempts to drive a horizontal passage into the Stalactite Cave. Archaeological excavation was carried out by William Beard, with some of the bones being removed, but many being left in the cave in stacks.
Stalactite Cave.
Banwell Stalactite Cave is long and deep. Although no stream now runs through the cave, there is a deep lake in one of the chambers. The Stalactite Cave was entered by miners in 1757, and was a show cave between about 1824 and 1864.
Banwell Tower.
The high, three-stage tower, which is also known as the Banwell Monument or Banwell Pepperpot, was built in 1840 from local lias stone with some decoration in Bath stone. During World War II, it was used as a lookout tower by the Home Guard. By the 1960s, it was in a poor state of repair and could no longer been seen above the growing treetops. Local conservation groups undertook conservation work, and it was reopened to the public in 1996. It is a Grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="5894558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894558" title="SS New York">
SS New York

SS "New York"'" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894565" title="Trade Mart">
Trade Mart

The term Trade Mart can be a generic English reference to any sizable commercial establishment. Well known individual Trade Marts include:

</doc>
<doc id="5894573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894573" title="Philip C. Jessup International Law Moot Court Competition">
Philip C. Jessup International Law Moot Court Competition

The Philip C. Jessup International Law Moot Court Competition, also known as the Jessup, is the largest and most prestigious moot competition in the world, attracting participants from almost 700 law schools in more than 90 countries in recent years. The competition is a simulation of a fictional dispute between countries before the International Court of Justice (ICJ). The competition is named after Philip Jessup, who once served on the ICJ. It is organised by the International Law Students Association. The Jessup moot, under the leadership of Stephen Schwebel (who also wrote the inaugural moot problem), started as a friendly advocacy competition between two teams from Harvard University in 1960. The first champions were declared in 1963 and the competition opened its doors to non-American teams in 1968. The current sponsor of the international rounds of the moot is White & Case.
Moot format.
The Jessup moot involves arguing a hypothetical case on issues of international law as if before the International Court of Justice. The hypothetical case usually involves topical issues in international law. The International Law Students Association Board is responsible for soliciting and selecting proposals for the "compromis" every year.
Each team comprises two to five student members. Each team must prepare to argue the sides of both the Applicant and Respondent in the case, and must produce a written memorial for each side of the case. In each round, two competitors from a team will argue one side of the case for 45 minutes in total, including any time reserved for rebuttal or surebuttal. A third team member may be seated at the bar table as of-counsel, but may not present argument. There is no fixed team organisation. Some teams dedicate two oralists to each side of the argument, with the fifth person serving a more open-ended role. In other teams, only two or three speakers will present oral argument, with at least one person arguing both Applicant and Respondent sides. In addition, most teams include at least one advisor or coach, usually drawn from the respective universities' international law faculty and/or past Jessup competitors.
Most countries hold domestic or national rounds to select the best team or teams to advance to the international phase of the competition in Washington D.C., which is held in conjunction with the annual meeting of the American Society of International Law. Generally, each country can only send one school for every ten law schools that participate in the moot. For instance, the United States, which has more than a hundred law schools taking part each year, is represented by up to 12 teams following the conclusion of its six regional rounds, while smaller countries that have only a small number of law schools can only send one team. Domestic round administrators have some degree of autonomy in setting their own rules. In Washington D.C., teams compete in four preliminary rounds, with the top 32 teams advancing to the knockout stages (Round of 32, Octo-final, Quarter-final, Semi-Final, and Final). Each oral round and memorial is usually evaluated by a panel of three judges. Judges for most of the rounds in Washington D.C. are usually practicing lawyers or academics, while notable academics and international judges are usually invited to judge the Semi-Final and Final round matches.
Other than the moot, the competition is marked by additional events such as the Announcement Party where the teams advancing to the knockout stages are declared, and the Go Nation dress ball where the participants from all across the world showcase their national dresses. The final gala and the reverse moot mark the end of the competition.
Past winners and records (international rounds).
Although the moot was founded in 1960, no winners were declared for the first three editions of the competition. The competition was only first open to countries outside of the United States in 1968, and outside of North America in 1970. The first international awards were handed out in 1972.
Track record (international rounds).
National University of Singapore holds the highest number of top-two finishes in the competition (four times champions; seven times runner-up), has the most Baxter Awards (five), Evans Awards (four), and Best Finals Oralist titles (six). It has the most number of championships, and is tied with University of Sydney and University of Toronto for most number of Best Oralist titles (three). If the pre-international (pre-1968) era is taken into account, University of Texas ties with National University of Singapore with four championships (post-1968, Texas has two). Five law schools have made the final on their international debuts: Australian National University (1981); Dalhousie University (1984); University of Saskatchewan (1991); University of Western Australia (1995); and Singapore Management University (2013). Of these schools, ANU, Dalhousie, and Sasketchewan won their finals. SMU is the fastest ever law school to reach the international final relative to its debut in the competition (2011), and is also the youngest ever law school to reach the international final (the first batch graduated in 2011) and back-to-back international finals (2013 and 2014).

</doc>
<doc id="5894575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894575" title="Yoke (Lake District)">
Yoke (Lake District)

Yoke is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria, England. It has a height of 706 m (2,316 ft) and is situated in the far eastern sector of the national park, 7 kilometres north east of the town of Ambleside. Yoke is the southern extremity of the long ridge that runs southwards from the fell of High Street. Yoke’s name is believed to be derived from the Old English language word "geoc" which is similar to the German word "joch" meaning mountain ridge.
Ascents.
Yoke is not known to Lake District writers as one of the most attractive fells but it is climbed frequently as part of the Kentmere Horseshoe, a 19 kilometre walk with 1,100 metres of ascent that starts and finishes in the village of Kentmere and takes in the other fells of Kentmere Pike, Harter Fell, Mardale Ill Bell, Thornthwaite Crag, Froswick and Ill Bell. Most common direct ascents go via the summit of the Garburn Pass (Byway open to all traffic), which can be reached either from Kentmere or Troutbeck. At the top of the pass the walker turns northwards following a wall over initial boggy ground to reach the summit of the fell. Some repair work has been done on these southern slopes of Yoke to address the problem of footpath erosion
Topography.
Yoke’s most interesting topographic feature is Rainsborrow Crag on the Kentmere side of the fell. This is a 300 metre precipice which falls away to the valley floor; the crags have attracted top rock climbers. The little known Rainsborrow Tarn stands on the edge of the crags. It is possible that the Roman road between Ambleside and Penrith came over the slopes of Yoke: old maps have shown short stretches marked “roman road” on the fell. Yoke shows signs of former quarrying on both its Troutbeck and Kentmere flanks.
Summit.
The view from the top of the fell takes in good views of Windermere and Morecambe Bay, although this view is better from a cairn 100 metres to the south. There is also a good view of the higher fells to the west around Coniston, Langdale and beyond. The view north is obstructed by the higher fell of Ill Bell although the summit of High Street can just be seen. Kentmere Reservoir can be viewed by walking 150 metres north west of the summit to the top of Star Crag.

</doc>
<doc id="5894576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894576" title="HNLMS Evertsen (F805)">
HNLMS Evertsen (F805)

HNLMS "Evertsen" (F805) (Dutch: Zr.Ms. Evertsen) is the fourth De Zeven Provinciën class frigate of the Royal Netherlands Navy.
The (then) Hr Ms "Evertsen" visited South Africa in late 2007 as part of a NATO task force on a friendship visit. From February till June 2008 she was patrolling the Somalian waters for the World Food Programme.
She was back in these same waters in 2009 for operation Atalanta. In early December 2009, she was involved in the capture of a group of Somali pirates, who had allegedly attacked the merchant ship .
As of 2013, Lieutenant-Commander Boudewijn Boots is HNLMS "Evertsen"s commanding officer.

</doc>
<doc id="5894578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894578" title="Helen McElhone">
Helen McElhone

Helen Margaret McElhone (10 April 1933 – 5 June 2013) was a Scottish politician. She worked together with her husband, Frank McElhone, during his time as a Member of Parliament (MP) representing Glasgow from 1969. After his sudden death, McElhone was elected as his successor; but within a year her Glasgow Queen's Park constituency was abolished in boundary changes and she lost out to a neighbouring MP in the selection for a new seat. She continued her political activity after leaving Parliament.
Married life.
McElhone was born Helen Margaret Brown in Glasgow. She married Frank McElhone in November 1958, and they had two sons and two daughters. Both of their sons were involved in the band Altered Images, with Gerard serving as the band's manager and Johnny playing bass guitar. She "took an active interest" in the greengrocer's business run by her husband on Thistle Street in Gorbals for eight years. When he was elected to Parliament to represent Glasgow Gorbals in a 1969 by-election, she took over running the shop. She became a member of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers.
During Frank McElhone's time in Parliament, Helen McElhone was an active worker within his Constituency Labour Party and was regarded by some as the driving force behind her husband's career. She took constituency surgeries on his behalf when he was attending Parliament, and also sat in on committees in Westminster.
By-election candidate.
Frank McElhone died in Glasgow on 22 September 1982, while participating in a 'Day of Action' march and demonstration in support of National Health Service workers; his death meant a by-election must be held. His wife was not initially considered a likely candidate, but local party colleagues were said to have persuaded her to put her name forward for the selection contest. There were rival candidates including Jimmy Wray, who was a local councillor and had been Frank McElhone's election agent, but she picked up nominations from ward branches within the constituency, and eventually won the selection on 3 November by 29 votes to 28. The selection contest was a bitter one within the local party.
One of the main issues in the by-election was the future of the chronically damp Hutchesontown E tower block in the constituency, although a debate called by the local residents' association drew few attendees. McElhone called for the block to be demolished and proper council houses built. McElhone told a public meeting that electing her would not give the constituency "an MP aiming for the top of the political tree", but instead a "Glasgow housewife determined to look out for her own folk". She was personally friendly with her Scottish National Party rival Peter Mallan, but a protest was entered on her behalf when he claimed that voters were disgruntled at her selection and that she was in a "fortunate position" compared with other widows. Reporters following the by-election noted that McElhone did not seek a sympathy vote.
Although supported by Tony Benn, for whom her husband had worked as his Parliamentary Private Secretary, McElhone disclaimed the label of 'Bennite'. She supported separate Roman Catholic schools, and opposed abortion while supporting nationalisation and unilateral nuclear disarmament.
Parliamentary career.
On 2 December 1982 Queen's Park voters went to the polls; McElhone was elected with a majority of 5,694 votes over the Scottish National Party. She said that her victory was inevitably tinged with sadness, but was a triumphant night for the Labour Party. She made her maiden speech on 17 January 1983, in a debate on housing in Scotland, noting that her husband had chosen the same subject for his maiden speech. She criticised the past housing schemes in her constituency including the Hutchesontown C project by Sir Basil Spence, for which he had won awards but which had become uninhabitable owing to damp. At Prime Minister's Questions on 17 February 1983, she accused Margaret Thatcher of misleading women with a confidence trick, and called for a June general election.
Boundary changes.
Before McElhone was selected, it was known that boundary changes, due to take place at the following general election, would abolish the separate Glasgow Queen's Park constituency and merge the majority of it with parts of five others in the new Glasgow Central constituency. McElhone was determined to fight her corner, against Robert McTaggart (sitting MP for the old Glasgow Central constituency) and Jimmy Wray who insisted on his right to stand in the selection contest despite Labour Party rules rendering him ineligible. Wray was eventually ruled out, and McTaggart was regarded as the favourite as he benefited from the votes of Wray's supporters. McTaggart won, and McElhone did not stand at the 1983 general election.
Subsequent career.
After her brief term in Parliament, McElhone fought for election to Strathclyde Regional Council in Bellahouston-Mosspark division in a by-election in March 1985, and won with a majority of 1,632. She became vice-chairman of the Finance Committee in 1987, criticising the Government for reducing the rate support grant paid to councils.
As a Regional councillor in 1989, McElhone pressed for the development of a sports and community centre on waste ground opposite Ibrox Stadium, persuading the council, Rangers F.C. and the Scottish Development Agency to provide funding. She was mentioned as a possible Labour candidate for the Glasgow Central seat after the death of Robert McTaggart in March 1989, but decided not to run.
McElhone was one of five 'experienced members' named by the Scottish Labour Party to sit on a panel vetting applications to be Labour candidates at the 1999 Scottish Parliament elections. Members of the panel had to be people who were not interested in themselves standing. She joined an 'action group' campaigning for the Dixon Community, a voluntary group helping the elderly lead independent lives, which was facing closure because of the costs of repairing its headquarters building. She was also a member of an independent panel appointed by the House of Commons in 2000 to decide on an application by Railtrack to raise the roof of Edinburgh Waverley railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="5894592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894592" title="Grayson-Collin Electric Cooperative">
Grayson-Collin Electric Cooperative

Grayson-Collin Electric Cooperative, Inc. is a non-profit rural electric utility cooperative headquartered in Van Alstyne, Texas.
The Cooperative was organized in 1937.
As its name suggests, the cooperative serves the rural portions of Grayson County, Texas and Collin County, Texas, in a territory generally surrounding Van Alstyne.
In addition to electricity, the cooperative also provides telephone and Internet service through unregulated subsidiaries.

</doc>
<doc id="5894597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894597" title="Ade Shaw">
Ade Shaw

Adrian Shaw (born 2 January 1947, in Hampstead, North London), frequently known as Ade Shaw, is a musician primarily working in the psychedelic field. He has a long history dating back to the 1960s working with such acts as Hawkwind, Country Joe McDonald, Arthur Brown, and the Deviants. Shaw co-founded Magic Muscle, and since 1990 has been a member of British Psychedelic outfit the Bevis Frond. He has also recorded many albums as a solo artist and co-run the independent record label Woronzow Records with Bevis Frond’s Nick Saloman. Since 2011 Shaw has also been a member of Hawklords as well as still recording and touring with the Bevis Frond.

</doc>
<doc id="5894600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894600" title="River Crouch">
River Crouch

The River Crouch is a river that flows entirely through the English county of Essex.
The distance of the Navigation between Holliwell Point which is north of Foulness Island and Battlesbridge is 17.5 Miles, i.e. 15.21 Nautical Miles.
Route.
The Crouch rises in Little Burstead. It runs parallel with the A176 (Noak Hill Road) for approximately and then follows a generally easterly course, passing by, near or through:
The river flows into the North Sea between Holliwell Point () and Foulness Point () on its north and south banks respectively.
A major tributary of the River Crouch is the River Roach.
The River Crouch Conservation Trust.
The River Crouch Conservation Trust was set up in July 2009 by a group of concerned local people, mainly fisherman, after a stretch of the river around Memorial Park, Wickford was badly polluted. Its aim is to clear the river of rubbish and to bring the river back to a quality which will benefit all forms of wildlife, from water voles, fish to invertebrates and for the benefit of the public.
The Crouch Harbour Authority.
The Crouch Harbour Authority is the statutory harbour and navigation authority for the Rivers Crouch and Roach, controlling both pleasure and commercial use of the rivers. The authority passes bylaws that regulate use of the river and employ staff that enforce the bylaws. They also provide weather forecasts, tide tables and other important sailing information.
The Harbourmaster's Office is on the Quay at Burnham on Crouch.

</doc>
<doc id="5894602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894602" title="Carlos López Buchardo">
Carlos López Buchardo

Carlos Félix López Buchardo (October 12, 1881 - April 21, 1948) was an Argentine composer whose work was inspired by native music.
López Buchardo was born and died in Buenos Aires. He first studied composition in his hometown and later pursued his training in Paris with Albert Roussel. Upon his return to Argentina, López Buchardo established some institutions that helped to shape musical life in his country. He founded the Conservatorio Nacional in Buenos Aires in 1924. He also established the School of Fine Arts of the La Plata University. He held various administrative positions, including that of Director of the Teatro Colón.
His vocal output consists of operas, masses, musical comedies, and some fifty songs. Upon his death in 1948 the Conservatorio Nacional was named after López Buchardo.

</doc>
<doc id="5894604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894604" title="Václav Benda">
Václav Benda

Václav Benda (August 8, 1946, Prague - June 2, 1999) was a Czech political activist and mathematician. Along with other dissidents in the 1960s and 1970s, Benda led the movement for greater political freedom and expression in the communist-dominated nation. His efforts were largely unsuccessful and led to constant harassment from authorities and social exclusion.
In 1977, the same year he became a signatory to Charter 77, the Czech dissident movement group, he wrote in "samizdat" (underground publishing) fashion, a short seminal tract called "Parallel Polis" (translated into English in 1978). The purpose of the essay was to inject new life into the country's moribund political life. In brief form, Parallel Polis was a philosophical call for his fellow dissidents to abandon hope that the repressed social, economic and political institutions in Czechoslovakia could be changed by protest.
Instead, Benda urged that new "parallel institutions" be created that are more responsive to human needs and that may someday even supplant the existing corrupt ones. The entrenched communist state would simply drain any efforts at reform; better to start new ones than waste energy fighting old ones. At its core, Parallel Polis is an inherently communal concept that shares profound philosophical ties to the early Christian movement that developed shortly after the death of Jesus. Much of this religious influence might have been the result of his deep and intense devotion to his Catholic faith.
The idea was a lightning rod in the dissident community and landed Benda in jail for years as a result. Any notions of parallel institutions being created in Czechoslovakia were thus crushed. By the end of the 1980s and the coming of the Velvet Revolution that threw off communism, Parallel Polis as an idea vanished from the political scene. Only in recent years has it been revived, by a group of scholars at the University of Washington.
In 1989, Benda joined a Christian right-wing political party, Christian Democratic Party, which later merged with the Civic Democratic Party. He increasingly became a controversial figure within Czech society, and his politics roiled his former dissident comrades and may have isolated him politically.
From June 25 to December 31, 1992, Benda was Chairman of the Chamber of the Nations.
The mid-1990s found him in charge of the Bureau for Investigating the Crimes of Communist Party officials. He took the role seriously and worked tirelessly, but judicial resistance and lack of governmental cooperation forced Benda to try criminals in the court of public opinion using the media.
He sided with former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet. In 1996, he was elected as senator to the Czech Parliament in district Prague 1, a seat he held until his sudden death in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="5894619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894619" title="Tomasz Lis">
Tomasz Lis

Tomasz Lis (born March 6, 1966, Zielona Góra) is a Polish journalist and former TV anchor of “TVN Fakty” ("TVN Facts") and “Wydarzenia” ("Events"). Tomasz Lis began his career in TVP (Polish Public Television) in 1990 after winning an open competition for the post of a newsreader.
From 1994 to 1997: correspondent in Washington, D.C. for TVP.
From 1997 to 2004: co-author of “Fakty TVN” on Polish television station TVN.
From 2006 to 2007: editor-in-chief of "Wydarzenia" on Polsat.
In 2003 he published his book "Co z tą Polską?" ("What's with Poland?") which became a bestseller in Poland (selling over 100,000 copies).
From late 2010 to February 2012: editor-in-chief of the current affairs weekly "Wprost."
In March 2012 he became editor-in-chief of "Newsweek Polska."
Family.
He married Kinga Rusin in June 1994. The couple divorced on June 27, 2006. They have two daughters: Pola and Iga. In 2007 married a well-known Polish journalist, Hanna Smoktunowicz.

</doc>
<doc id="5894620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894620" title="Sara Feigenholtz">
Sara Feigenholtz

Sara Feigenholtz is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives who has represented the 12th District since 1995. The District includes the lakefront communities of Lake View, Lincoln Park and the Near North neighborhood in the city of Chicago.
Background.
Sara Feigenholtz's political interests and activity, notably in the areas of adoption, women's issues and health care, reflect her personal experience and family background. Her adoptive mother, Florence Buky, an immigrant from Białystok, Poland, worked her way through medical school to become an obstetrician. Many of Dr Buky's patients were unable to care for their children and this was how she came to adopt Sara and her brother. Feigenholz attributes the origin of her political commitment to health care as a basic right to the childhood experience of patients calling to see Dr Buky at the family home in Lake View, Chicago, and her mother never turning anyone away, even those unable to pay.
Feigenholtz earned her bachelor’s degree in political science and speech and performing arts from Northeastern Illinois University. and went on to earn a fellowship degree from the University of Illinois School Of Public Health. In 2011, she completed the Senior Executives in State and Local Government Program at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government.
She worked as Chief of Staff to State Representative John Cullerton before becoming a fund-raiser for progressive causes.
State Representative.
Feigenholtz was elected to her first term as state representative of Illinois’ 12th District in 1994, defeating a long-standing incumbent. She chose to focus her attention on health care and human services reform. She was a lead sponsor of the Family Health Care Bill. She also campaigned for the introduction of the All Kids program.
Sara Feigenholtz is Chairperson for both the House Appropriations Committee for Human Services and the House Adoption Reform Committee. She serves as the Vice-Chairperson for the Tourism and Conventions Committee and serves on the House Committees for Mass Transit, Insurance, and Environment & Energy.
Special congressional election.
Feigenholtz came in third place in the 2009 Special Primary Election to fill the 5th congressional district seat vacated by Rahm Emanuel, who resigned to serve as President Barack Obama's Chief of Staff.

</doc>
<doc id="5894622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894622" title="Achyuta Panikkar">
Achyuta Panikkar

Achyuta Panikkar, was an astronomer of the Kerala school founded by Madhava of Sangamagrama. He lived between the 14th and 16th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="5894625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894625" title="Bigger &amp; Blacker">
Bigger &amp; Blacker

Bigger & Blacker is an album by Chris Rock, originally released on July 13, 1999, on the Dreamworks label. The album features live stand-up comedy tracks recorded for an HBO special at the Apollo Theater in Harlem and studio-recorded comic sketches, featuring Ol' Dirty Bastard, Biz Markie, Gerald Levert, Ali LeRoi, Wanda Sykes, Kaz Silver, Horatio Sanz, Ice Cube, Kali Londono, Don Newkirk, Kate Wright, and Nneka Kai Morton.
The HBO special premiered on July 10, 1999 and directed by Keith Truesdell. Slick Rick opened for Rock with 'The Show'.
"Bigger & Blacker" won the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album.
TV Ratings.
1.016 million viewers on Saturday, June 23, 2012 at 9:57pm.[http://sonofthebronx.blogspot.com/2012/06/saturday-june-23-2012-cable-finals-ufc.html]
DVD Version.
A DVD version of the show was released July 11, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="5894633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894633" title="Lach (disambiguation)">
Lach (disambiguation)

Lach is an American musician.
Lach may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894637" title="Foston, Lincolnshire">
Foston, Lincolnshire

Foston is a small village and civil parish in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated northwest of Grantham, just off the A1.
Foston lies on an ancient crossroads, situated on the northern edge of the Vale of Belvoir, nearly six miles northwest of Grantham, national grid reference SK 85 42. Foston has a linear scattering of houses sited on the upper edge of a north-south fault line, in theory giving flood-free living conditions, but having a line of springs, which emerge from the outcropping limestone. The local subsoil is mainly clay although there are a considerable variety of soils within the parish.
History.
Foston is traditionally a farming village. The River Witham runs to the north of the village and the A1 trunk road bisects the south-western edge, isolating half a dozen village dwellings. The Foston Beck runs along the eastern border and the parish covers around 850 hectares. Neighbouring villages include Long Bennington, Westborough, Allington and Marston.
In Roman times there was a settlement in the parish and it is thought that it may have been developed from a late Iron Age farmstead situated close to the Fallow Ford at the end of Fallow Lane. A Roman Villa was excavated in late Victorian times 1891–1896; it was on slightly raised ground near to the present forded crossing of the River Witham. Rev. Henry Faulkner Allison (who was Curate of Foston from 1891 to 1896) found various Roman pieces of pottery and Mr J Dable discovered numerous Roman coins in 1973. These coins were dating from Nero AD 37 to Constantius II in 306. Other artefacts have also been found including two Dolphin brooches and one Trumpet brooch along with a Stud brooch.
The Saxons settled in this district and extensive remains have been excavated on Loveden Hill, which can be seen to the east of the village. Another pointer to the possible Saxon settlement within the parish is to be found in the name Foston itself – i.e. the first “ton” or settlement on the road north from Grantham, FOTR-TUN. The combination of Scandinavian personal name and Saxon ending found in Ekwall’s interpretation of the Village name may reflect a Saxon settlement taken over by a Viking headman. Foston from the Old Scandinavian Fos+ton, for “farmstead or Fotr”.
D. Mills, "A Dictionary of English Place-Names," Oxford University Press, 1991
The Normans took over an existing agricultural society and organised it into a Feudal System where land is held in return for the performance of services. The manor was the farming unit and evidence of the manorial system is extensive in Foston. Foston was part of the manor of Long Bennington and Foston appears in the 1086 Domesday Book as “Foztun”.
Agricultural practices in the Middle Ages were based upon the open field system and the land divided into strips. The general line of the holdings would run in an east-west direction. The Enclosure Act in a plan dated 3 March 1796 affected Long Bennington and Foston. The present pattern of land usage is very nearly that formed from the old strip system at enclosure. Modern agricultural machinery has made it necessary to remove hedges, thus recreating the appearance of the large open fields of the pre-enclosure era.
The English Civil War started in 1642. A Battle on Gonerby Moor was fought between Foston and Marston on the north-eastern side of the Great North Road in 1643, which was the year Oliver Cromwell won his first victory over the Royalists at Grantham. The Royalists were defeated in 1647, and King Charles I was executed two years later. The monarchy was restored with Charles II in 1660.
The Anglican Church of St Peter dates back to at least the 13th Century, although in 1858 it received substantial restoration and was partially rebuilt under the direction of Charles Kirk. The parish register for burials and baptisms begins in 1626, several years before Oliver Cromwell proposed the civil registration of births, deaths and marriages. Marriages were included in the Long Bennington register until 1766. There was a Wesleyan Methodists Chapel that was situated on Chapel Lane. However, it was taken down and bungalows and houses were built on the site.
A National School was built next to the Church in 1847 to hold eighty children, which later became a Church School. The attendance at the time was only about forty. An earlier school building adjoined the south wall of the churchyard. The School was closed in 1987 and subsequently converted into a home. Children up to the age of eleven generally attend the Long Bennington Church of England Primary School or the Allington with Sedgebrook Church of England Primary School at Allington. There is a bus or taxi provided for traveling by the local authority if there is justification.
The Foston Post Windmill was one of the oldest in Britain, dating back to 1624. It was demolished in 1966. It had been sited on the A1 at the cottage known as Mill House. Previous to that it was sited at Mill Close on Allington Lane and before that it stood immediately below the old Post Office on Newark Hill. At the time these mills were considered portable.
Old buildings constructed from mud and stud have been demolished although most new dwellings have been built on sites of older dwellings with the exception of Wilkinson Road. In 1967–69 around forty houses were built on land belonging to Mr Wilkinson whose family had farmed in the village for a hundred years. Two new houses were also built on the site of The Black Boy Inn. From 1979 to the 1980s eight houses were built on Highfield Close and since then individual houses have been fitted in along Main Street, Church Street, Newark Hill and Long Street. Recently there has been series of individual properties built, mainly of high quality family homes, in Long Street and Back Lane.
Coaching was at its height in the early 19th century and Foston had several inns and Staging Houses. The Duke William public house was at the Allington crossroads close to the service station area. The Black Horse still exists in the centre of the village as a private house and flats. The Black Boy which was demolished in 1965–66 stood at the junction of Tow Lane and Newark Hill. With the advent of the railway Foston lost any importance it may have had as a staging post and the village was bypassed in 1926, isolating the village from any through traffic.
At the turn of the century when the Great North Road ran through the village, the vehicles on the road were mainly horse drawn. Travelling circuses would pass through the village along with occasional dancing bears and travellers from all walks of life.
During the First and Second World Wars, Foston remained a thriving village. During the Great War eight men from the village lost their lives in the armed forces. In the Second World War, two men were lost during the war. During that time American Medics stationed at Allington frequented the public houses in the village. Italian prisoners of war worked on some of the farms, replacing villagers that had left to go to war or work in Grantham at the armament factories.
Up until the time the school closed Foston remained a busy, more or less, self-supporting village. By the beginning of the twenty-first century the story is very different. Foston has lost all its services including the Doctors surgery, Post Office, pub, and shop, which, was also a bakery.
St Peter's Church in Foston dates back to the 10th century and is a Grade 1 listed building. The chancel arch is one of the finest examples of late Norman building in Lincolnshire, with lines of beautiful clean cut chevrons decorating it.

</doc>
<doc id="5894643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894643" title="Lache (disambiguation)">
Lache (disambiguation)

Lache is a housing estate in Chester, England.
Lache may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894649" title="Camargo Guarnieri">
Camargo Guarnieri

Mozart Camargo Guarnieri (February 1, 1907 – January 13, 1993) was a Brazilian composer.
Name.
Guarneri was born in Tietê, São Paulo, and registered at birth as Mozart Guarnieri, but when he began a musical career, he decided his first name was too pretentious and subject to puns. Thus he adopted his mother's maiden name Camargo as a middle name, and thenceforth signed himself M. Camargo Guarnieri. In 1948, he legally changed his name to Mozart Camargo Guarnieri, but continued to sign only the initial of his first name. One of his brothers was named Rossine (a Portuguese misspelling of Rossini) Guarnieri, another one Verdi Guarnieri.
Life.
He studied piano and composition at the São Paulo Conservatório, and subsequently worked with Charles Koechlin in Paris. Some of his compositions received important prizes in the United States in the 1940s, giving Guarnieri the opportunity of conducting them in New York, Boston, Los Angeles and Chicago. A distinguished figure of the Brazilian national school, he served in several capacities; conductor of the São Paulo Orchestra, member of the Academia Brasileira de Música, and Director of the São Paulo Conservatório, where he taught composition and orchestral conducting. In 1936 he was the first conductor of the Coral Paulistano choir. His œuvre comprises symphonies, concertos, cantatas, two operas, chamber music, many piano pieces, and over fifty canções. He is universally recognised as the most important Brazilian composer after Heitor Villa-Lobos. Shortly before his death in São Paulo in 1993, he was awarded the Gabriela Mistral Prize by the Organization of American States as the greatest contemporary composer of the Americas.
He was a National Patron of Delta Omicron, an international professional music fraternity.

</doc>
<doc id="5894651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894651" title="Hedley Woodhouse">
Hedley Woodhouse

Hedley John Woodhouse (January 23, 1920 - December, 1984) was a Canadian jockey who won the New York state riding championship in 1953. Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, he began his racing career there in 1937 at the Lansdowne Park racetrack as an apprentice with A.C.T. Stock Farm owned by industrialist Austin C. Taylor. Woodhouse's ability would soon see him racing at tracks along the West Coast of the United States and in 1944 he rode Happy Issue to victory in the Grade I Vanity Handicap and Hollywood Gold Cup at Hollywood Park Racetrack in Inglewood, California. 
In 1949, Woodhouse rode the colt Fisherman to a 3rd place finish in the Kentucky Derby, the best result of his four tries between then and 1957. He rode in the Preakness Stakes on three occasions, his best finish a 5th in 1951. Racing out of New York tracks in the first part of the 1950s, Hedley Woodhouse won the 1953 New York riding championship with 138 victories, and was runner-up on three occasions.
After finishing 7th in the 1954 Kentucky Derby on "Fisherman", a colt owned by Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney and trained by Sylvester Veitch, Woodhouse came within a neck of winning the Belmont Stakes. His 2nd place finish was his best in the third of the American Triple Crown races.
From being based in New York, Hedley Woodhouse would make his way to the Florida racing circuit where remarkably at age 50 he won the 1970 jockey title at Tropical Park in Miami. He retired the following year having won 2,642 races. He was inducted into the British Columbia Sports Hall of Fame in 1979 and the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in 1980 
Married to Elsie Woodhouse (1919–1998), their son Robert was also a successful jockey, capturing a number of important stakes races on the New York circuit. Hedley and Robert Woodhouse are the only father and son to win the Whitney Handicap.
Hedley Woodhouse died in 1984.
References.
ask.com

</doc>
<doc id="5894656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894656" title="Lachner">
Lachner

Lachner is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5894659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894659" title="Dimitrije Bjelica">
Dimitrije Bjelica

Dimitrije Bjelica (born November 8, 1935 in Vrbica Gornja, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian (formerly Yugoslav) chess FIDE Master who can be found in the Guinness Book of Records for playing a 312-board simul in Subotica in 1997 (score: +219 −1 =92). Bjelica is also one of the most prolific chess authors in the world, with over 80 books in 180 editions and 55 videos and CDs to his name. He has organised many big events and was the arbiter at tournaments like Linares. Chess historian Edward Winter contends that Bjelica's books are rife with misspellings and sometimes contain plagiarized material.
Bjelica also claims to have played a record-breaking 56 games of blindfold chess in a May 25, 1997 simultaneous exhibition (+51 −1 =4) at Igalo, near Herceg Novi. However, Eliot Hearst and John Knott write:The Exhibition was played at the International Congress of Nurses and his opponents were all woman nurses. The game he lost was to his mother, at that time more than 80 years old. ... Bjelica reports that the exhibition lasted seven hours and that in several games his version of chess, Chess for Peace, was used, in which the bishops standing initially on f1 and f8 were replaced by pawns. He told us that none of his opponents had chess ratings but "some of them were very good." ... Tellingly and surprisingly, he admitted that he was permitted to write down whatever he liked during the exhibition ... .
Bjelica is the author of thousands of published newspaper and magazine articles about chess. Based in Belgrade, he has interviewed at one time or another virtually all of the world's leading chess players.
Bjelica is known for his annual awards of "Black Oscars" in chess. The most frequent winners of these Black Oscars are Aleksandar Matanović, Georgios Makropoulos, Florencio Campomanes and Geurt Gijssen. He also awards White Oscars, which most often go to Anatoly Karpov and Borislav Ivkov.
Dimitrije Bjelica is the father of Serbian writer Isidora Bjelica.

</doc>
<doc id="5894662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894662" title="Ossie O'Brien">
Ossie O'Brien

Oswald ("Ossie") O'Brien (6 April 1928 - 10 March 1997) was a British and European Labour Co-operative politician.
He was born Oswald O'Brien into a family of a disabled First World War soldier and mill worker mother in 1928, in Darlington. From St Mary's Catholic Grammar School he went to Fircroft College, Birmingham and St Cuthbert's Society in the University of Durham, during which he served as President of the Durham Union, after service in the Royal Navy which he volunteered for lying about his age by one year(aged 14) to relieve economic pressure on his family.
O'Brien was a British European and International politician committed to nuclear disarmament, equality and liberation politics, self-described Teacher at Durham University, Director of Studies of the Co-operative College, Workplace Director of Alcohol Concern, Member Commission of Industrial Relations, Workers Educational Association, and European International Consultant on Workers Rights, Economics and Security.
O'Brien was elected Member of Parliament for Darlington in the March 1983 by-election following the death of Edward Fletcher. In the general election held just three months later, he lost the seat to the Conservative party candidate Michael Fallon, who had been his rival in the by-election. He never re-entered the British Parliament.
See also.
List of United Kingdom MPs with the shortest service

</doc>
<doc id="5894663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894663" title="George Deacon">
George Deacon

Sir George Edward Raven Deacon FRS (21 March 1906 – 16 November 1984) was a British oceanographer and chemist. 
He was born in Leicester, the son of George Raven and Emma (née Drinkwater) Deacon and educated (1919–24) at the Newarke school, Leicester (which became City of Leicester Boys' School in 1919). He went as a King's scholar to King's College London (1924–27) where he was awarded a first-class honours degree in chemistry in 1926 and a diploma of education in 1927. 
His first post was as lecturer in chemistry and mathematics at Rochdale Technical School. In 1927 he was offered a place as a chemist on the Discovery Antarctic survey and sailed on Christmas Eve on the "RRS William Scoresby", transferring in 1928 to the larger "Discovery II". In 1937 he was awarded a Doctor of Science for the work by the University of London.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1944. His application citation read: ""Since 1927 he has taken physical observations from HM Research Ship "Discovery II" and other vessels in all sections of the Antarctic Ocean, and has analysed and studied these observations. In particular he has described the movements, horizontal and vertical, of the water between the Antarctic Continent and the northern limits of the Southern Ocean, defining Antarctic and Sub-Antarctic areas which are proving significant in the study of the distribution of plankton and of free-swimming and bottom-living animals. He has shown that practically all the bottom water of the Antarctic origin in all the oceans is formed in the Weddell Sea."" 
During WWII he worked in Fairlie, Scotland, doing research on ASDIC for the Admiralty. In 1944 he joined the Admiralty Research Laboratory in Teddington, Middlesex to study ocean waves. In 1949 he was appointed as the first Director of the new UK National Institute of Oceanography which was later absorbed into the Nationar Environment Research Council. He was awarded CBE in 1964 and knighted in 1977.
He retired in 1971 and died in 1984 at his home in Southampton. He had married Margaret Jeffries in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="5894665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894665" title="Taylor Airport">
Taylor Airport

Taylor Airport may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894686" title="RAF Croft">
RAF Croft

Royal Air Force Station Croft or RAF Croft is a former Royal Air Force station located south of Darlington, County Durham, England and north east of Richmond, North Yorkshire. The site is also known locally as Croft Aerodrome or Neasham.
The airfield was opened in 1941 for use by the Royal Air Force (RAF) but by 1942 the aerodrome had been taken over by the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) for training as part of No. 6 Group RCAF.
The station is now more famously known as the site of Croft Circuit, a motor racing circuit which hosts various car championships including the British Touring Car Championship.
History.
The first squadron to join the airfield was No. 78 Squadron RAF which arrived on 20 October 1941 flying both the Armstrong Whitworth Whitley Mk.V and the Handley Page Halifax Mk. II before leaving on 10 June 1942 when no units were stationed during the summer but on 1 October 1942 No. 419 Squadron RCAF has arrived with there Mk. III Vickers Wellingtons before re-equipping with the Halifax II and leaving on 10 November 1942. During this time on 7 November 1942 427 Squadron RCAF was formed at the airfield with a mixture of Mk III's and Mk X's Wellington before leaving on 4 May 1943.
In 1943, Croft became a sub-station of RAF Middleton St. George which was allocated to No. 6 Group, Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF).
The airfield also hosted No 1664 (Royal Canadian Air Force) Heavy Conversion Unit RAF starting from 10 May 1943 which trained new pilots to fly the new heavy bombers using the Mk II and the Mk IV Halifax before leaving on 7 December 1943. When three days later on the tenth 431 Squadron RCAF began using the airfield with the Halifax Mks V and III and the Avro Lancaster Mk.X before leaving on 7 June 1945 going to Canada. This squadron was joined by 434 Squadron RCAF which had joined on 11 December 1945 also flying the Halifax and the Lancaster before leaving on 15 June 1945 to also go to Canada.
After the RCAF left in 1945, Croft saw little wartime activity. Later in 1945 the aerodrome became a satellite of No. 13 Operational Training Unit RAF based at Middleton St. George flying de Havilland Mosquitoes. The station was closed in the summer of 1946.
Current use.
The Croft aerodrome is now better known as a Croft Circuit, a regular venue for the British Touring Car Championship and British Superbike Championship. It is located near the North Yorkshire villages of Dalton Gates and Dalton-on-Tees.

</doc>
<doc id="5894689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894689" title="Lachs">
Lachs

Lachs (German for "salmon") is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5894694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894694" title="Stickle Pike">
Stickle Pike

Stickle Pike is an outlying fell located in the southern Lake District near the small town of Broughton-in-Furness, with the summit situated between the lower Duddon Valley and the quiet smaller valley of Dunnerdale. Despite its low altitude (375 m, or 1230 ft) the sharp, conical summit is prominent in views from the Broughton and high Furness areas. As with many of the Dunnerdale and Coniston fells, there are reminders of the area's former mining past in the form of many spoil heaps, disused levels and shafts. The fell is also notable for its superb views despite its low altitude, especially to the Scafells to the north and the sands of the Duddon Estuary to the south. A "stickle" is a hill with a prominent rocky top.
The fell is most easily (and commonly) ascended from the Kiln Bank fell road between Hall Dunnerdale and Broughton Mills, with the top lying less than half a mile from the road summit. An alternative ascent (suggested by Alfred Wainwright) can be made from Broughton Mills along the Great Stickle/Tarn Hill ridge, with a return either down the Dunnerdale valley road or via the bridleway on the east side of the valley.
The fell is the subject of a chapter of Wainwright's book "The Outlying Fells of Lakeland". His clockwise circuit from Broughton Mills includes Great Stickle at , Tarn Hill at , Stickle Pike, Raven's Crag (called "a nameless summit" by Wainwright) at , and The Knott at , this last sharing its name with The Knott above Hayeswater in the far eastern fells and another outlying fell near Stainton Pike, as well as with Knott north of Skiddaw.

</doc>
<doc id="5894718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894718" title="Dollardex">
Dollardex

dollarDEX, founded in 1998 in Singapore, is one of the earliest financial supermarkets in Asia. It offers clients a selection of products—loans, insurance, investments (unit trusts/mutual funds, alternative investment vehicles), financial advice—sourced from banks, insurance companies, and fund managers around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="5894722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894722" title="Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety Series">
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety Series

The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety Series is a category in the Primetime Emmy Awards. It is awarded annually to the best variety show or similarly formatted program of the year. The award has sometimes been known by other names, such as "Outstanding Comedy-Variety or Music Program" and "Outstanding Variety, Music or Comedy Series".
From 1979 to 1988, all of the award winners were single programs, although series were nominated for the award in some of those years. Since 1994, all of the winners in this category have been late-night talk shows. 
"The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" won the award for ten years consecutively (2003-2012), the longest winning streak for a television show in Emmy history.

</doc>
<doc id="5894725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894725" title="The Walking Wounded">
The Walking Wounded

The Walking Wounded is the third full length studio album by punk band Bayside; released on February 6, 2007. "Duality" has been released as Bayside's first single off "The Walking Wounded"; it was made available for download on iTunes on January 23, 2007.
The album debuted at number 75 on the U.S. Billboard 200 in mid-February, with about 13,000 copies sold.
The band re-issued "The Walking Wounded" on July 22. Dubbed "The Walking Wounded: Gold Edition", the re-issue includes a special edition CD/DVD. The CD/DVD also includes new packaging, an acoustic set filmed at Looney Tunes record store in Long Island, a behind the scenes documentary from the tour with The Starting Line (a teaser video can be found on their MySpace page), and music videos.
Like their previous studio record, "The Walking Wounded" was produced by Shep Goodman and Kenny Gioia.
Gold Edition Bonus DVD.
Format: 12" Released: 02/06/07 Label: Victory Records
Black (Test Presses Only),
Aqua Swirl (Limited Press of 200),
Clear,
Yellow

</doc>
<doc id="5894726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894726" title="Moreton House">
Moreton House

Moreton House is a country house and estate near Bideford, North Devon, England.
The History of the Lands of Moreton House and District.
Moreton House lies on the road to Abbotsham Village in rural North Devon. The house and lands were long the property of the famous Grenville family, Lords of the Manor of Bideford. Sir Hugh Stucley, Bart., inherited the property, together with Hartland Abbey and Affeton Castle from his father, Sir George Stucley. The house is a fine example of Georgian architecture with ornate gardens featuring two lakes, fountains, formal herbaceous borders, waterfalls, etc.
Sir Hugh Stucley.
Sir Hugh was born on June 22, 1873 and his mother was Louisa, daughter of Sir Beville Grenville of Wellesbourne, Warwickshire. He served as a Lieutenant Commander in the Royal Navy. He was elected to the Bideford Town Council and served as Mayor of the Borough. It was the thirty-seventh time that a member of his family had served the Borough as Mayor. He was also elected to Devon County Council in 1906 and was a county alderman in 1908. His main interests were County Finance, and Education. Personal interests were fishing, shooting and landscape gardening. It was he who designed the beautiful gardens which Moreton House is well known for. He had a son, Sir Denis, who succeeded him and was also a Mayor of Bideford.
Lundy Coins.
One link which is of interest to numismatists, is that Sir Hugh N.Grenville Stucley was the presiding magistrate at the Petty Sessional Division court which tried the case of Supt. Bolt on behalf of the Director of Public Prosecutions v. Martin Coles Harman, charged with "on the 5th day of March, 1930, in the Island of Lundy in the County of Devon, did unlawfully as a token for money issue a piece of metal to the value of one half-penny, contrary to Section 5 of the Coinage Act of 1870.". This is the case of the coins of Lundy which is still of interest to coin collectors World wide. Harman lost the case on appeal to the High Court of Justice and was fined £5 with fifteen guineas expenses. It was of added significance because it settled the question of the sovereignty of Lundy for good.
Grenville College.
Moreton House and gardens became part of Grenville College, a private school. The gardens have been maintained and are open to visitors at certain times. Various other houses were built in the grounds of the estate, such as Scott House and Crabbe House. The school playing fields use the surrounding estate and policies so that the visual appearance of the estate has been kept substantially unchanged.
Sir Richard Grenville.
The college is named after Sir Richard Grenville (1541–1591) of the "Revenge", British Naval commander, whose family had in later years owned the Moreton Estate. HMS "Revenge" was the pride of Queen Elizabeth I's navy and had been Sir Francis Drake's flagship in the battle of the Spanish Armada. Much has been said regarding the character and the foolishness of the action, however the fact remains that fifteen Spanish galleons were engaged with the "Revenge" in a battle in which the odds outweigh almost any other military action in the history of warfare.
The truth in its simple grandeur needed no exaggeration. What we have before us is the fact that 150 men, many from Bideford, during fifteen hours of hand-to-hand fighting, held out against a host of five thousand, and yielded only when not more than twenty were left alive, and those grievously wounded, the story, 'is memorable even beyond credit and to the height of some heroic fable'. The Spanish lost 400 to 500 men and two ships. The capture of the Revenge was significant in that she was the first British warship of Elizabeth's reign to be taken. The Spanish repaired her and intended to take her back as a prize, however this was not to be as a storm dashed her onto rocks and she sank with all her Spanish hands. Her crew were released and returned without harm or significant ransom. Sir Richard himself had died of his wounds two days after his capture and was buried with honour at sea.
A significant feature of this event was that the Spanish nation were struck with this tale of invincible valour and its enduring and inevitably exaggerated myth duly entered the Spanish psyche as fact.
Alfred, Lord Tennyson wrote a poem recording and immortilising the action, entitled 'The Revenge', a Ballad of the Fleet. Sir Richard was related to both Sir Walter Raleigh and Sir Francis Drake.
Other Items of interest.
Westward Ho!
The area is the setting for "Westward Ho!," the well known novel written by Charles Kingsley in 1855. The book is sub-titled "The voyages and adventures of Sir Ayas Leigh, Knight of Burrough in the County of Devon in the reign of her most glorious Majesty Queen Elizabeth rendered into modern English by Charles Kingsley." It features many of the old Devon families, such as Oxenham, Raleigh, Grenvile, etc. The town of Westward Ho! was built in response to the influx of visitors in Victorian times who came as a direct result of the novel.
Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway.
The Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway was a most unusual railway built entirely on this peninsula with no direct connection across the River Torridge to the British railway network. The locomotives were furnished with skirts to protect pedestrians as at one point the line ran along the quay at Bideford. The line had eleven halts which largely served visitors wishing to enjoy the bracing air along the coast or travelling to swim off the fine beaches around Westward Ho! The railway, although authorised in 1896, was opened only as far as Northam by 1901 and finally opened to Appledore in 1908. The railway fell into financial difficulties and it was probably a relief to the directors when it was requisitioned for the First World War effort in France. The medieval Bideford Bridge across the Torridge had to be converted into a temporary railway bridge to allow the transfer of the locomotives and rolling stock across to the mainline railway near Bideford Station.
The stations were at the Causeway, Kenwith Castle, Abbotsham Road (Mudcott), Cornborough Cliffs, Westward Ho!, Beach Road, Northam, Richmond Road, Northam and Appledore.
Micro history.
In 1968 part of the medieval Bideford Bridge collapsed and the railway from Barnstaple to Torrington was re-opened to passenger traffic as a temporary measure for the conveyance of school pupils, etc. The locomotives from the Bideford, Wrestward Ho! and Appledore Railway had been driven across the old bridge in 1917 and this may have caused the damage that eventually caused the collapse years later.
The final scene in the film "Tarka the Otter" was filmed on the Torridge at the Rolle Aqueduct on the road to Torrington. 
The former railway from Barnstaple to Torrington and beyond is now part of the Sustrans 'Tarka Trail' for cyclists and pedestrians.
Abbotsham parish contains the hamlets of Riccards, Down, and Buckleigh. 
In 528 Odun, Earl of Devon, in 878 vanquished and slew the Danish invader Hubba at Kenwith Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="5894737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894737" title="Narayan Debnath">
Narayan Debnath

Narayan Debnath ( born in 1925 ) is senior and popular comics-artist of India, who is the creator of popular Bengali comics including ‘Handa Bhonda’ (in "Shuktara" magazine since 1962), ‘Batul The Great’(in "Shuktara" magazine since 1965) and ‘Nonte Phonte’(in "Kishor Bharati" magazine since 1969). He holds the record of longest running comics by an individual artiste for "Handa Bhonda" comics series which have now completed its continuous 52 years of running. 
His other creations include Detective ‘Koushik Roy’ (in "Shuktara" magazine from 1976), ‘Bahadur Beral’ (in "Shuktara" magazine from 1983), ‘Danpite Khadu Aar Tar Chemical Dadu’ (in "Chotoder Ashore" magazine from 1983), etc. 
Having contributed to the early development of Bangla comics and its growth in a career spanning more than fifty years, he is still read in West Bengal, India and Bangladesh. Apart from comic books and strips, Narayan Debnath is also an artist who has illustrated several children's novels. Many of his comics are serialized in popular children’s magazines published from Kolkata including "Shuktara" and "Kishor Bharati"
In 2011, "Narayan Debnath Comics Samagra" was published by Lalmati publication in four volumes, which includes all his comics characters together for last 50 years. The Executive Board of the Sahitya Akademi chose Narayan Debnath’s Comics Samagra for its Bal Sahitya Puraskar for 2013. 
In April 2012, the first English translation of 'Batul The Great' was published by Lalmati. 
Early life.
Narayan Debnath was born and spent most of his life living in Shibpur, Howrah, India. His family hailed from Bikrampur in what is now in Bangladesh but had migrated to Shibpur before his birth. In an interview published in "Narayan Debnath Comics Samagra", published by Lalmati, Debnath confessed to being interested in the visual arts from a very early age. The family business was retailing gold and he had ample scope to design patterns for jewellery. During the time of World War II, Debnath would study fine arts at the Indian Art College for five years. He did not continue to get his degree but instead discontinued in his final year. For the next few years he freelanced for advertising agencies creating movie slides and logos.
In 1950 he was introduced to Dev Sahitya Kutir, a major publishing house through a friend. People such as Pratul Chandra Banerjee, Shailo Chakraborty, Balaibandhu Roy, and Purnachandra Chakraborti were associated with the press at the time. From 1950 to 1961 
he illustrated a number of children’s books including adventure novels and Western classics in translation. His journey in Comics world started in 1962 with 'Handa-Bhonda' in "Suktara".
He began as a freelancing comics-artist and soon went for comics on his own . However, when still a struggler-freelancer, he was instructed by the publisher to adopt 'well accepted foreign comics' to made comics for their magazine(s) to get easy business.
Introduction to comics.
The suggestion to work in comics in Bengali came from the editors at Dev Sahitya Kutir. Also the name 'Handa Bhonda' was their suggestion. Debnath had been familiar with foreign made comics but comics in Bengali had, to his admission, yet to take off. 'Shiyal Pandit', a comic strip created by Pratul Chandra Lahiri for the Jugantar newspaper was one of the earliest ones. "Handa-Bhonda" became an instant success and continues to be printed in "Shuktara" every month . "Handa-Bhonda" was initially penciled and inked by Debnath and had no colored frames. Later it would be printed in the grayscale.
Narayan Debnath’s first comic characters in color were for the comic strip and book 'Batul The Great'. By Debnath’s admission, he thought up the idea of the superhero while returning from College Street, Calcutta. The name came to him instantly and he thought up the figure of the protagonist rapidly. 
Development of the genre.
When the Bangladesh War of Liberation flared up, he was asked by the editors and publishers to add an aura of invincibility. Debnath was reluctant at first because he was worried about legal implications. On assurance, he made Batul a superhero able to take on tanks, airplanes, and missiles. Bullets began to bounce off of him as in the case of Superman. Batul is still drawn by Debnath for "Shuktara".
Later, Debnath was approached by "Kishor Bharati" for a Durga Puja special issue. The noted writer Premendra Mitra was editor at the time. Later, when Dinesh Chandra Chatterjee became editor, Debnath was asked to convert to strip form a detective thriller that he was writing. This metamorphosed into 'Black Diamond Indrajit Roy'. The first serial strip that Debnath began to create for the "Kishor Bharati" monthly issues was 'Patolchand The Magician', which ran for about three issues. It seemed as if Dinesh Chatterjee was looking for something along the lines of 'Handa-Bhonda'. Although not in the same mould, 'Nonte Phonte' was born deriving inspiration from 'Handa Bhonda'. Quickly, it developed into a separate storyline and also became published in comic book form.
He is also a great illustrator & an expert in serious drawing too. His work for Tarzan stories, Bengali translation of foreign novels etc. are among his great works of illustration.
Selected creations.
In 2011 he published a collection of his eminent & rare works in four volumes, "Narayan Debnath Comics Samagra" (published by Lalmati). The volumes contain his popular characters, different cartoon strips, unpublished works like advertisement comics, adventure comics, horror comics, mystery comics, historical comics, pictorial puzzles, illustrations etc. with a brief biography of the artist and a research on his 50 years of works. The executive board of the Sahitya Akademi chose it for their Bal Sahitya Puraskar in 2013. 
Popularity.
Collections of Debnath’s comics have been published serially in "Shuktara" and "Kishor Bharati" and irregularly in "Kishor Mon", "Chotoder Asar", "Pakhkhiraj" etc.. His comic books featuring 'Handa Bhonda', 'Batul the Great' and 'Nonte Phonte' have been published since the early 1980s. Since the late 1990s, the "Nonte Phonte" comics have been anthologized and published in softcover format. From 2003 onwards, the earlier comics have been re-inked and published in full-color, Recently, Debnath gave permission for animation film based on the characters from 'Batul The Great', 'Handa Bhonda' and 'Nonte Phonte', and these provide access to the original stories to a whole new generation of children. Narayan Debnath's Handa Bhonda and Nonte Phonte are now also downloadable through an Android app published by Comixphere.com.
Debnath's style incorporating characters speaking in the typical language of Bengali adda (the quintessential Bengali gossip sessions lasting hours) and hundreds of nonstandard, yet most commonly used expletives in daily life like "Uls" (describing reaction to a delicious food) or "Aoofs", "Yiofs", "Arghhh"(similar to ouch). Subtle punning is also aplenty in his comics but the main source of comedy is slapstick.
Though his comic characters have immense popularity, Narayan Debnath himself has rather lived reclusively, distancing himself from publicity and media.
Television.
Most of Narayan Debnath's work has been adapted for Bengali television. "Nonte Phonte" and "Bantul the Great" are animated shows today, while a television series called "Handa Bhonda" was briefly on air.
References and notes.
Online references are few and far between. Although often mentioned in English language blogs and on discussion forums, there is a scarcity of primary literature on Narayan Debnath or his creations in English. The best references are in Bengali and are the following two works (both available online)
More links that are referred above.

</doc>
<doc id="5894739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894739" title="Shared delusion">
Shared delusion

Shared delusion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894743" title="Thomas Williams (British politician)">
Thomas Williams (British politician)

Sir (William) Thomas Williams, QC (22 September 1915 – 28 February 1986) was a British Labour Co-operative politician.
Williams was educated at University College, Cardiff and St Catherine's College, Oxford. He was President of the South Wales University Students' Union in 1939. He was a Baptist minister and a chaplain with the Royal Air Force for returned prisoners of war. He became a barrister, called to the bar by Lincoln's Inn, and a Queen's Counsel, and was bursar and a tutor at Manchester College, Oxford.
Williams was Member of Parliament for Hammersmith South from a 1949 by-election to 1955, Baron's Court from 1955 to 1959, and Warrington from a 1961 by-election. Williams served as parliamentary private secretary to the Attorney-General from 1964. In 1969, Williams was appointed by the then-East Pakistan based Awami League, one of Bangladesh's main political factions since independence in 1971, to represent Pakistani and later-Bangladeshi politician Sheikh Mujibur Rahman in the Agartala Conspiracy Case. The military junta of Gen. Ayub Khan did not allow Williams to represent Rahman, citing domestic security and interference in sovereign matters.
In 1981 Williams, who had continued working as a barrister throughout his time in Parliament, was appointed a circuit Judge. This appointment obliged him to vacate his seat and led to the infamous by-election at which Roy Jenkins became the first Parliamentary candidate for the Social Democratic Party. It was suggested in "Private Eye" that the appointment was deliberate because the Warrington constituency would be difficult for the SDP to win.

</doc>
<doc id="5894752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894752" title="Kaunas Reservoir Regional Park">
Kaunas Reservoir Regional Park

Kaunas Reservoir Regional Park was established in 1992 with the purpose to protect the unique lower landscape of Kaunas Reservoir, its natural ecosystem, and cultural heritage. It covers the total of 101.73 km² (water - 51.45 km², forests - 38.78 km²) and is one of the 30 regional parks in Lithuania. 
The man-made Kaunas Reservoir altered the local landscape and now one can see newly formed exposures, altered mouths of tributaries to the Neman River (what local people now call fiords). The shallower edges of the reservoir are becoming swampy and attract almost all known species of water birds in Lithuania. Old pine forests at Rumšiškės and Dabinta are rich in plant animal diversity. Here lives one of the biggest population of edible dormouses. 
Besides the reservoir itself, there are other features made by man. They include Arlaviškis botanical reserve famous for its juniper valley, Girionys Park, a landscape park established on the bank of Kaunas Reservoir, in the eastern edge of Kaunas. It is the biggest park by area and the richest by its number of tree species in Lithuania. The total area of the park together with the village Girionys is 130 ha. Trees in the park have been planted to commemorate the considerable events and famous foresters as well. Since 1963 a tradition among Kaunas Forestry college graduates has been established: every year students plant the oak in this grove. The eastern part of the park leans to Raguoliai pine stand. This forest (81 ha) and protective plantings of Kaunas Reservoir slopes (39 ha) are managed as forest park, so today the total area of the park reaches 250 ha.
Cultural heritage objects include Pažaislis monastery, a 17th-century baroque architecture masterpiece which hosts an annual music festival, open air museum in Rumšiškės covering 175 ha, Salomėja Nėris museum in Palemonas which hosts annual Poetry Spring. There are also more than 20 historical and archeological monuments. Pakalniškiai, Vieškūnai, Lašiniai, Samylai, Dovainoniai hillforts and Dovainoniai/Kapitoniškiai, Maisiejūnai/Surgantiškiai tumulusses are located in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="5894753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894753" title="Michelle Cameron">
Michelle Cameron

Michelle A. Cameron-Coulter, (born December 28, 1962 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian Olympic synchronized swimmer, who won the gold medal with Carolyn Waldo, in the Synchronized Swimming, Women's Duet event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
In 1988, she was made a Member of the Order of Canada. In 1991, she was inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame. In 2000, she was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="5894758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894758" title="USS Briarcliff (IX-3)">
USS Briarcliff (IX-3)

USS "Briarcliff" (IX-3), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy of that name. A wooden-hulled freighter, she was constructed in 1919 at Portland, Maine, by the Russell Shipbuilding Company for the United States Shipping Board (USSB). Originally the "Briarcliff" was designed to increase the merchant fleet during World War I, however before it could be completed, the war ended. 
The "Briarcliff" would have rotted in Maine were it not for Lt. Commander Charles Reginald Jacobsen who was looking for a home for his reservists in New York. On 1 January 1922 she was acquired by the Navy from the USSB in an incomplete condition. Since it had neither engines nor boilers, she served as a floating armory and training vessel for the 33rd Fleet Militia at the Tompkinsville section of Staten Island, Pier 8. 
That duty lasted until 25 November 1938 when she sank at her moorings as a result of a rotting hull. Later raised and inspected, she was declared unserviceable. "Briarcliff" was towed to deep water and sunk on 29 December 1938. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register that same day.
Her memory lives on as the name of a chapter of the NAVAL ENLISTED RESERVE ASSOCIATION, an organization of veterans of the Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard. The chapter is located in Staten Island, NY. (H)

</doc>
<doc id="5894763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894763" title="Harrison Grey Fiske">
Harrison Grey Fiske

Harrison Grey Fiske (July 30, 1861 – September 2, 1942) was an American journalist, playwright and Broadway producer who fought against the monopoly of the Theatrical Syndicate, a management company that dominated American stage bookings around the turn of the twentieth century. 
Life and career.
Fiske was born in Harrison, New York, an affluent suburb in Westchester County just thirty minutes from New York City. The second of three sons of the wealthy hotel owner Lyman Fiske and his wife Jennie Maria (Durfee) Fiske, both of seventeenth-century Massachusetts descent, Fiske was still a young boy when his family moved into New York City, and he maintained a strong identity as a New Yorker for much of his life. As a young boy, Fiske was educated by private tutors and showed a strong interest in the arts. He recalled being taken to see his first play at Barnum's Museum at an early age and afterwards receiving the gift of a puppet theatre from his father. Later, whilst attending Mrs. Vanderhoff's School he became exposed to Shakespeare through dramatic readings given by the headmistress' husband. Likewise, he had also been giving a small printing press and, as a boy, he had begun printing his own monthly paper. Fiske next enrolled at Dr. Chapin's Collegiate School for Boys, a college preparatory school on Madison Avenue where he continued to pursue writing. Upon finishing there, he traveled for a summer in Europe and then entered New York University in 1878. There he was asked to sign a pledge to forsake dens of iniquity like theaters, taverns, dance halls, and billiard rooms. Fiske subsequently admitted that he and his friends kept their fingers crossed when it came to attending theaters.
At college, Fiske often wrote short stories and sketches for magazines and soon became an editorial writer and dramatic critic for the daily newspaper, the "Jersey City Argus". He later served in a similar capacity for the "New York Star," which set the stage in 1879 for what would turn out to be a 32 year affiliation with the popular trade magazine, the "New York Dramatic Mirror". After achieving success as a contributor to the "Dramatic Mirror, Fiske decided to leave college after his freshman year with hopes of becoming a journalist. At his behest, Fiske's father bought an interest in the "Dramatic Mirror", and made his son (then eighteen) the editor. In 1883 Fiske assumed a controlling interest in the Mirror and by 1888 was sole owner of the Mirror Newspaper Company. 
With an inside look into the theatrical profession, Fiske's view of the arts changed dramatically. He was continually distressed by the plight of out-of-work actors and by the "laissez-faire practices of the American stage." Fiske determined to turn the "Dramatic Mirror" into a sort of artistic and professional conscience for the American theater, writing editorials on not only the aesthetic merits of theatrical productions, but also the improvement of working conditions and the regulation of health hazards in theaters. Though he disapproved of industry efforts to organize an actors' union, Fiske did help to secure the passage of the Cummings Act of 1896 and subsequent laws to protect playwrights against literary piracy. He was also instrumental in the establishment of the Actors' Fund of America. With the help of his wife, the celebrated actress actress Minnie Maddern, as well as the likes of David Belasco, Sarah Bernhardt and the Shubert family staged a coup on the Theatrical Syndicate, helping to break the stranglehold they had maintained on theater bookings from coast to coast. 
In 1901 Fiske leased the Manhattan Theatre on Thirty-Third Street as a showcase for his wife and as a venue for other artists. The theater became home to the "Manhattan Company" whose players included the well-known actors Tyrone Power Sr., George Arliss and John B. Mason.
Over the course of his career, Fiske produced more than 140 plays, many of which he wrote or directed including, ""Hester Crewe "" (1893), ""The Privateer"" (1903) and "The Queen of Liars" (1896) adapted from a play by Alphonse Daudet and Léon Hennique. He is perhaps best known for his 1911 production of Edward Knoblauch’s "Kismet" starring Otis Skinner.
Marriage.
On March 19, 1890 Harrison Fisk married actress Minnie Maddern at Larchmont Manor. He first saw her when at the age of twelve he attended a local production of "King John" in which his eight year-old future bride played a boy’s part. Their paths crossed once again a few years later, but were not formally introduced until she was nearly twenty. Mrs. Fiske, as she was often professionally known, appeared in a number of plays directed by her husband, including "Tess of the d'Urbervilles", "Salvation Neil", "Becky Sharp" and "Mary of Magdala". The two remained together until her death in 1932.
Death.
Fiske died at the age of 81, as a result of a heart attack suffered at his New York apartment on West Sixty-Six Street. He had retired around the time of his wife's death and was working on his memoirs at the time of his passing.

</doc>
<doc id="5894764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894764" title="Parallel Polis">
Parallel Polis

Parallel Polis is a theoretical concept developed by Czech dissident Vaclav Benda (1942–1999) during the height of communist domination in Czechoslovakia in the 1970s. It was translated into English in 1978.
Benda argues that in a repressed state, it is impossible to overturn corrupt social, economic and political institutions. Such efforts are futile. 
Instead, he suggests the creation of new "parallel institutions" that are more responsible to human needs. In time, he further argues, these more credible institutions may supplant the old corrupt ones.
The seminal idea received great attention in the dissident community in Czechoslovakia and in western political circles. It was, however, never put into practice. With the arrival of the Velvet Revolution in 1990, the idea seemed irrelevant.
It has since been revived by a group of scholars who originally met at the University of Washington but who now work at other academic institutions. Their thinking posits that Benda's idea is now being practiced on the Internet which more easily facilitates parallel institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="5894774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894774" title="Hal Buell">
Hal Buell

Hal Buell was the former head of the Photography Service (photography director) at the Associated Press for twenty-five years where he supervised an international staff of 300 photographers. He is also the author of "Moments: The Pulitzer Prize-Winning Photographs" and "Uncommon Valor, Common Virtue", a book about war photographer Joe Rosenthal.
Education.
He is a graduate of the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University.
Career.
Buell has worked in photojournalism for forty years. He is known as one of the most historically important photographers and archivists of the twentieth and twenty first century and has lectured throughout the world. His work has helped define print coverage around the world. He has worked in more than thirty-five countries. His photographs have appeared on CNN and BBC. He has also produced film documentaries which have appeared on the History Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="5894781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894781" title="Standard solar model">
Standard solar model

The standard solar model (SSM) is a mathematical treatment of the Sun as a spherical ball of gas (in varying states of ionisation, with the hydrogen in the deep interior being a completely ionised plasma). This model, technically the spherically symmetric quasi-static model of a star, has stellar structure described by several differential equations derived from basic physical principles. The model is constrained by boundary conditions, namely the luminosity, radius, age and composition of the Sun, which are well determined. The age of the Sun cannot be measured directly; one way to estimate it is from the age of the oldest meteorites, and models of the evolution of the solar system. The composition in the photosphere of the modern-day Sun, by mass, is 74.9% hydrogen and 23.8% helium. All heavier elements, called "metals" in astronomy, account for less than 2 percent of the mass. The SSM is used to test the validity of stellar evolution theory. In fact, the only way to determine the two free parameters of the stellar evolution model, the helium abundance and the mixing length parameter (used to model convection in the Sun), are to adjust the SSM to "fit" the observed Sun.
A star is considered to be at zero age (protostellar) when it is assumed to have a homogeneous composition and to be just beginning to derive most of its luminosity from nuclear reactions (so neglecting the period of contraction from a cloud of gas and dust). To obtain the SSM, a one solar mass stellar model at zero age is evolved numerically to the age of the Sun. The abundance of elements in the zero age solar model is estimated from primordial meteorites. Along with this abundance information, a reasonable guess at the zero-age luminosity (such as the present-day Sun's luminosity) is then converted by an iterative procedure into the correct value for the model, and the temperature, pressure and density throughout the model calculated by solving the equations of stellar structure numerically assuming the star to be in a steady state. The model is then evolved numerically up to the age of the Sun. Any discrepancy from the measured values of the Sun's luminosity, surface abundances, etc. can then be used to refine the model. For example, since the Sun formed, the helium and heavy elements have settled out of the photosphere by diffusion. As a result, the Solar photosphere now contains about 87% as much helium and heavy elements as the protostellar photosphere had; the protostellar Solar photosphere was 71.1% hydrogen, 27.4% helium, and 1.5% metals. A measure of heavy-element settling by diffusion is required for a more accurate model.
Numerical modelling of the stellar structure equations.
The differential equations of stellar structure, such as the equation of hydrostatic equilibrium, are integrated numerically. The differential equations are approximated by difference equations. The star is imagined to be made up of spherically symmetric shells and the numerical integration carried out in finite steps making use of the equations of state, giving relationships for the pressure, the opacity and the energy generation rate in terms of the density, temperature and composition.
Evolution of the sun.
Nuclear reactions in the core of the Sun change its composition, by converting hydrogen nuclei into helium nuclei by the proton-proton chain and (to a lesser extent in the Sun than in more massive stars) the CNO cycle. This increases the mean molecular weight in the core of the Sun, which should lead to a decrease in pressure. This does not happen as instead the core contracts. By the Virial Theorem half of the gravitational potential energy released by this contraction goes towards raising the temperature of the core, and the other half is radiated away. By the ideal gas law this increase in temperature also increases the pressure and restores the balance of hydrostatic equilibrium. The luminosity of the Sun is increased by the temperature rise, increasing the rate of nuclear reactions. The outer layers expand to compensate for the increased temperature and pressure gradients, so the radius also increases.
No star is completely static, but stars stay on the main sequence (burning hydrogen in the core) for long periods. In the case of the Sun, it has been on the main sequence for roughly 4.6 billion years, and will become a red giant in roughly 6.5 billion years for a total main sequence lifetime of roughly 11 billion (1010) years. Thus the assumption of steady state is a very good approximation. For simplicity, the stellar structure equations are written without explicit time dependence, with the exception of the luminosity gradient equation:
Here L is the luminosity, ε is the nuclear energy generation rate per unit mass and εν is the luminosity due to neutrino emission (see below for the other quantities). The slow evolution of the Sun on the main sequence is then determined by the change in the nuclear species (principally hydrogen being consumed and helium being produced). The rates of the various nuclear reactions are estimated from particle physics experiments at high energies, which are extrapolated back to the lower energies of stellar interiors (the Sun burns hydrogen rather slowly). Historically, errors in the nuclear reaction rates have been one of the biggest sources of error in stellar modelling. Computers are employed to calculate the varying abundances (usually by mass fraction) of the nuclear species. A particular species will have a rate of production and a rate of destruction, so both are needed to calculate its abundance over time, at varying conditions of temperature and density. Since there are many nuclear species, a computerised reaction network is needed to keep track of how all the abundances vary together.
According to the Vogt-Russel theorem, the mass and the composition structure throughout a star uniquely determine its radius, luminosity, and internal structure, as well as its subsequent evolution (though this "theorem" was only intended to apply to the slow, stable phases of stellar evolution and certainly does not apply to the transitions between stages and rapid evolutionary stages).
The information about the varying abundances of nuclear species over time, along with the equations of state, is sufficient for a numerical solution by taking sufficiently small time increments and using iteration to find the unique internal structure of the star at each stage.
Purpose of the standard solar model.
The SSM serves two purposes:
Like the Standard Model of particle physics and the standard cosmology model the SSM changes over time in response to relevant new theoretical or experimental physics discoveries.
Energy transport in the Sun.
As described in the Sun article, the Sun has a radiative core and a convective outer envelope. In the core, the luminosity due to nuclear reactions is transmitted to outer layers principally by radiation. However, in the outer layers the temperature gradient is so great that radiation cannot transport enough energy. As a result, thermal convection occurs as thermal columns carry hot material to the surface (photosphere) of the Sun. Once the material cools off at the surface, it plunges back downward to the base of the convection zone, to receive more heat from the top of the radiative zone.
In a solar model, as described in stellar structure, one considers the density formula_2, temperature T(r), total pressure (matter plus radiation) P(r), luminosity l(r) and energy generation rate per unit mass ε(r) in a spherical shell of a thickness dr at a distance r from the center of the star.
Radiative transport of energy is described by the radiative temperature gradient equation:
where κ is the opacity of the matter, σ is the Stefan-Boltzmann constant, and the Boltzmann constant is set to one.
Convection is described using mixing length theory and the corresponding temperature gradient equation (for adiabatic convection) is:
where γ = cp / cv is the adiabatic index, the ratio of specific heats in the gas. (For a fully ionized ideal gas, γ = 5/3.)
Near the base of the Sun's convection zone, the convection is adiabatic, but near the surface of the Sun, convection is not adiabatic.
Simulations of near-surface convection.
A more realistic description of the uppermost part of the convection zone is possible through detailed three-dimensional and time-dependent hydrodynamical simulations, taking into account radiative transfer in the atmosphere. Such simulations successfully reproduce the observed surface structure of solar granulation, as well as detailed profiles of lines in the solar radiative spectrum, without the use of parametrized models of turbulence. The simulations only cover a very small fraction of the solar radius, and are evidently far too time-consuming to be included in general solar modeling. Extrapolation of an averaged simulation through the adiabatic part of the convection zone by means of a model based on the mixing-length description, demonstrated that the adiabat predicted by the simulation was essentially consistent with the depth of the solar convection zone as determined from helioseismology. An extension of mixing-length theory, including effects of turbulent pressure and kinetic energy, based on numerical simulations of near-surface convection, has been developed.
This section is adapted from the Christensen-Dalsgaard review of helioseismology, Chapter IV.
Equations of state.
The numerical solution of the differential equations of stellar structure requires equations of state for the pressure, opacity and energy generation rate, as described in stellar structure, which relate these variables to the density, temperature and composition.
Helioseismology.
Helioseismology is the study of the wave oscillations in the Sun. Changes in the propagation of these waves through the Sun reveal inner structures and allow astrophysicists to develop extremely detailed profiles of the interior conditions of the Sun. In particular, the location of the convection zone in the outer layers of the Sun can be measured, and information about the core of the Sun provides a method, using the SSM, to calculate the age of the Sun, independently of the method of inferring the age of the Sun from that of the oldest meteorites. This is another example of how the SSM can be refined.
Neutrino production.
Hydrogen is fused into helium through several different interactions in the Sun. The vast majority of neutrinos are produced through the pp chain, a process in which four protons are combined to produce two protons, two neutrons, two positrons, and two electron neutrinos. Neutrinos are also produced by the CNO cycle, but that process is considerably less important in the Sun than in other stars.
Most of the neutrinos produced in the Sun come from the first step of the pp chain but their energy is so low (<0.425 MeV) they are very difficult to detect. A rare side branch of the pp chain produces the "boron-8" neutrinos with a maximum energy of roughly 15 MeV, and these are the easiest neutrinos to detect. A very rare interaction in the pp chain produces the "hep" neutrinos, the highest energy neutrinos predicted to be produced by the Sun. They are predicted to have a maximum energy of about 18 MeV.
All of the interactions described above produce neutrinos with a spectrum of energies. The electron capture of 7Be produces neutrinos at either roughly 0.862 MeV (~90%) or 0.384 MeV (~10%).
Neutrino detection.
The weakness of the neutrino's interactions with other particles means that most neutrinos produced in the core of the sun can pass all the way through the sun without being absorbed. It is possible, therefore, to observe the core of the sun directly by detecting these neutrinos.
History.
The first experiment to successfully detect cosmic neutrinos was Ray Davis's chlorine experiment, in which neutrinos were detected by observing the conversion of chlorine nuclei to radioactive argon in a large tank of perchloroethylene. This was a reaction channel expected for neutrinos, but since only the number of argon decays was counted, it didn't give any directional information, such as where the neutrinos came from. The experiment found about 1/3 as many neutrinos as were predicted by the standard solar model of the time, and this problem became known as the solar neutrino problem.
While it is now known that the chlorine experiment detected neutrinos, some physicists at the time were suspicious of the experiment, mainly because they didn't trust such radiochemical techniques. Unambiguous detection of solar neutrinos was provided by the Kamiokande-II experiment, a water Cerenkov detector with a low enough energy threshold to detect neutrinos through neutrino-electron elastic scattering. In the elastic scattering interaction the electrons coming out of the point of reaction strongly point in the direction that the neutrino was travelling, away from the sun. This ability to "point back" at the sun was the first conclusive evidence that the sun is powered by nuclear interactions in the core. While the neutrinos observed in Kamiokande-II were clearly from the sun, the rate of neutrino interactions was again suppressed compared to theory at the time. Even worse, the Kamiokande-II experiment measured about 1/2 the predicted flux, rather than the chlorine experiment's 1/3.
The solution to the solar neutrino problem was finally experimentally determined by the Sudbury Neutrino Observatory. The radiochemical experiments were only sensitive to electron neutrinos, and the signal in the water Cerenkov experiments was dominated by the electron neutrino signal. The SNO experiment, by contrast, had sensitivity to all three neutrino flavours. By simultaneously measuring the electron neutrino and total neutrino fluxes the experiment demonstrated that the suppression was due to the MSW effect, the conversion of electron neutrinos from their pure flavour state into the second neutrino mass eigenstate as they passed through a resonance due to the changing density of the sun. The resonance is energy dependent, and "turns on" near 2MeV. The water Cerenkov detectors only detect neutrinos above about 5MeV, while the radiochemical experiments were sensitive to lower energy (0.8MeV for chlorine, 0.2MeV for gallium), and this turned out to be the source of the difference in the observed neutrino rates at the two types of experiments.
hep neutrinos.
The highest energy neutrinos have not yet been observed due to their small flux compared to the boron-8 neutrinos, so thus far only limits have been placed on the flux. No experiment yet has had enough sensitivity to observe the flux predicted by the SSM.
CNO neutrinos.
Neutrinos from a secondary cycle of solar energy generation – i.e., the CNO-neutrinos – are also expected to provide observable events below 1 MeV. They have not yet been observed due to experimental noise (background). Future ultra-pure scintillator detectors should allow us to probe the flux predicted by the SSM. This should be possible thanks to SNO+ and, on the longer term, thanks to LENA, two detectors that will be larger but will use the same principles of Borexino.
Future experiments.
While radiochemical experiments have in some sense observed the pp and Be7 neutrinos they have measured only integral fluxes. The "holy grail" of solar neutrino experiments would detect the Be7 neutrinos with a detector that is sensitive to the individual neutrino energies. This experiment would test the MSW hypothesis by searching for the turn-on of the MSW effect. Some exotic models are still capable of explaining the solar neutrino deficit, so the observation of the MSW turn on would, in effect, finally solve the solar neutrino problem.
Core temperature prediction.
The flux of boron-8 neutrinos is highly sensitive to the temperature of the core of the sun, formula_5. For this reason, a precise measurement of the boron-8 neutrino flux can be used in the framework of the standard solar model as a measurement of the temperature of the core of the sun. This estimate was performed by Fiorentini and Ricci after the first SNO results were published, and they obtained a temperature of formula_6.
Lithium depletion at the solar surface.
Stellar models of the Sun's evolution predict the solar surface chemical abundance pretty well except for lithium (Li).
The surface abundance of Li on the Sun is 140 times less than the protosolar value (i.e. the primordial abundance at the Sun's birth), yet the temperature at the base of the surface convective zone is not hot enough to burn – and hence deplete – Li. This is known as the solar lithium problem. A large range of Li abundances is observed in solar-type stars of the same age, mass and metallicity as the Sun. Observations of an unbiased sample of stars of this type with or without observed planets (exoplanets) showed that the known planet-bearing stars have less than one per cent of the primordial Li abundance, and of the remainder half had ten times as much Li. It is hypothesised that the presence of planets may increase the amount of mixing and deepen the convective zone to such an extent that the Li can be burned. A possible mechanism for this is the idea that the planets affect the angular momentum evolution of the star, thus changing the rotation of the star relative to similar stars without planets; in the case of the Sun slowing its rotation. More research is needed to discover where and when the fault in the modelling lies. Given the precision of helioseismic probes of the interior of the modern-day Sun, it is likely that the modelling of the protostellar Sun needs to be adjusted.

</doc>
<doc id="5894792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894792" title="Federal city">
Federal city

The term Federal city ("Bundesstadt" in German) is a title for certain cities in Germany, Switzerland, the Russian Federation, and the United States.
In Germany, the former capital Bonn has been designated as a federal city. Since April 28, 1994, it is the second official residence of the President of Germany, the Chancellor of Germany, the Bundesrat (upper house), the first official residence of six federal ministries, and approximately 20 federal authorities. For Bonn, Bern etc. this is merely a title, since Bonn is like many other German cities an independent city, but part of a state.
Federal City is also the official title of Bern as the "de facto" capital of Switzerland. Russia also has three federal cities, Moscow, St. Petersburg, and ("de facto") Sevastopol. Historically, Washington, D.C. has been called the "Federal City".
Some national capitals, like Washington, D.C., Canberra, Mexico City, and Brasilia, have a federal status, not belonging to any state. Sometimes this is called "Federal district".

</doc>
<doc id="5894794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894794" title="Daffy Duck &amp; Egghead">
Daffy Duck &amp; Egghead

Daffy Duck & Egghead is a 1937-produced, 1938-released Warner Bros. cartoon in the "Merrie Melodies" series. It features the early, zany version of Daffy Duck, who spends the film harassing Egghead (later to become Elmer Fudd), marking the second appearance of Daffy Duck (after "Porky's Duck Hunt", of which this cartoon is basically a reworking), his first in color, and first where he is given his current name. It includes a set-piece song-and-dance number by Daffy (shown with a blue band around his neck, instead of the usual white), doing his own variation of "The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down" (the theme for "Looney Tunes").
Plot.
The story begins with Egghead (in a voice imitating radio comic Joe Penner) who is annoyed by a (rotoscoped) shadowman in the audience who doesn't sit down. Egghead shoots the audience member and the member falls after going through extended "death throes". Egghead hears a call from the grass, and out comes Daffy Duck biting his nose (just like he did to Porky Pig in "Porky's Duck Hunt".) While fighting, a tortoise (with a voice imitating radio comic Parkyakarkus) comes and tries to give Daffy and Egghead new weapons. When the tortoise goes away, Egghead uses his real gun and Daffy tries to make him shoot the apple on his head. Egghead misses every time, so Daffy puts a blind sign, a cup of pencils, and disguise glasses on Egghead. ("Too bad, too bad," as Daffy says.).
Daffy then walks away and sings his own variation of "The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down" by himself five minutes into the cartoon, in a set-piece drawn in a different style from the rest of the cartoon, and also containing the subdued, early form of Daffy's lisp, which is absent in the rest of the film:
Daffy then shakes hands with his reflection from the lake and they both dive back into the water.
Later, Egghead finally manages to capture Daffy by shooting a pair of gloves from his gun, knocking Daffy out and allowing Egghead to place him in a net. Just as Egghead celebrates, a duck from the mental ward comes to claim Daffy. He thanks Egghead for helping to catch Daffy, and tells him that Daffy is 100% nuts. "Yeah?" Egghead asks, "Yeah!" answers the duck warden. At that moment, both he and Daffy beat Egghead up before woohoo-ing out into the distance. Egghead becomes fed up with the antics and decides to join them as the cartoon ends. A similar joke would end 1940's "Knock Knock", the debut of Woody Woodpecker, a character whose early behavior was similar to the early Daffy, and likewise voiced by Mel Blanc, who was then working for Lantz as well as Warner/Schlesinger.
Availability.
Daffy Duck & Egghead is available, uncensored and restored, on .
Errors.
On the ending titles, the 1941-1955 ending rendition of "Merrily We Roll Along" (the Merrie Melodies theme music) is used instead of the 1937-1938 rendition. This only happens on DVD and on TV showings of the Turner "dubbed version".

</doc>
<doc id="5894796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894796" title="Nanyang Siang Pau (Singapore)">
Nanyang Siang Pau (Singapore)

Nanyang Siang Pau () as name Nanyang Sin Chew () was a newspaper in Singapore that was founded by philanthropist-entrepreneur Tan Kah Kee on 6 September 1923 in Singapore.
On 2 May 1971 three senior staff of the newspaper were arrested, accused of "a deliberate campaign to stir up Chinese racial emotions". 
The newspaper has merged with Sin Chew Jit Poh on 16 March 1983 to form the current Lianhe Zaobao and has ceased to exist.
A version of the newspaper is still in print in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="5894800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894800" title="RAF Scorton">
RAF Scorton

RAF Scorton was a satellite station of RAF Catterick during the Second World War. It was located near the village of Scorton in North Yorkshire, England. It was used by the Royal Air Force, the Royal Canadian Air Force, and the United States Army Air Forces Ninth Air Force during the war.
Overview.
The location was chosen for its flat terrain and its situation close to the now disbanded Eryholme-Richmond branch line that had a sub branch line to Catterick Garrison and RAF Catterick.
The famous No. 56 Squadron RAF flew Spitfires from Scorton during the Second World War. Also the USAAF 422d and 425th Night Fighter Squadrons were stationed at Scorton flying the Northrup P-61 "Black Widow" fighter
USAAF use.
Scorton was known as USAAF Station AAF-425 for security reasons by the USAAF during the war, and by which it was referred to instead of location.
422d and 425th Night Fighter Squadrons.
The USAAF Ninth Air Force transferred two P-61 Black Widow night interceptor squadrons to Scorton from RAF Charmy Down near Bath in Somerset to train and fly with the RAF night fighter Operational Training Unit assigned there. Initially flying de Havilland Mosquitoes, their first P-61 arrived at Scorton on 23 May 1944 and their first assignment was to chase night-flying V-1 "buzz bombs".
The Black Widows would be vectored to intercept approaching V-1s by ground control. Since the V-1 was a little faster than the P-61, the Black Widow had to approach the V-1 from behind and go into a slight dive in order to catch up with it.
The first Black Widow V-1 "kill" took place on 16 July 1944, credited to pilot Herman Ernst and radar operator Edward Kopsel of the 422nd Night Fighter Squadron. One of the greatest dangers involved in killing V-1s was the possibility of getting too close to the flying bomb when one fired at it, running the risk of damage to their own plane if the bomb exploded when hit.
After D-Day, the USAAF Black Widows moved to Advanced Landing Grounds at Maupertus (A-15) (422d NFS) near Cherbourg and Vannes (A-33N) (425th NFS) in Brittany France to intercept German night fighters and bombers attacking Allied positions. Although several interceptions of night-flying German aircraft were made, most Black Widow missions were night intruder missions against trains, armor, and other ground targets.
The 422d eventually served at A-39 (Chateaudun) in France, then at A-78 (Florennes/Juzaine) in Belgium, then Y-59 (Strassfield) and R-2 (Langensalza) Germany. It was inactivated in September 1945. During the winter of 1944-45 the squadron received several Douglas A-20G "Havocs" which were used for intruder operations and occasionally dropping flares to aid ground artillery units. The A-20s also wore a glossy black finish.
The 425th eventually served at A-58 (Coulommiers), A-79 (Prosnes) and A-82 (Verdun) in France. Moving into Germany, it served at Y-73 (Frankfurt/Rhein Main) and R-30 (Furth), where it performed occupation duty with the United States Air Forces in Europe. It was inactivated during August 1947.
Postwar use.
The Aerodrome closed in 1945 and most of the concreted areas have extensively quarried away for sand and gravel extraction. Most of what was the airfield is now under a lake or a quarry yard to the southeast. There are a few military pre-fab building remaining in the area which were dismantled after the war and moved to local farms as agricultural buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5894805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894805" title="GBU">
GBU

GBU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5894812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894812" title="Kálmán Konrád">
Kálmán Konrád

Kálmán Konrád (23 May 1896 in Bácspalánka – 10 May 1980 in Stockholm, Sweden), an inside right, was one of the best football players in the Kingdom of Hungary in the 1910s, and played on the Hungarian National team with his brother, Jenő Konrád. Kálmán, who later played for Austria, coached the Romanian National team for five games in the mid-1930s. In 1999, he was listed by World Soccer as one of the 100 greatest players of all-time.
Career.
Born in Bácspalánka (Bačka Palanka), a town on the Danube River in Austria-Hungary (now part of Vojvodina, Serbia), Konrád moved to Budapest as a small child. He joined the club MTK Hungária FC in 1910 at the age of 14 and then joined the first team in the Hungarian League in 1913 at the age of 17. Konrád played for MTK from 1913-1919 and helped the team win the Hungarian Championship in 1914, 1917-1919 (there was no league in 1915 or 1916 because of World War I). In the three championship seasons between 1917-1919, MTK outscored their opponents, 376-46, and had an overall record of 60-4-2. Kálmán played in 94 games during this incredible run and scored 88 goals while a player for MTK. He was also a member of the National team, appeared in 12 games and scored two goals.
In August 1926, Kálmán was brought to the United States by Nat Agar, the owner-manager of the Brooklyn Wanderers of the American Soccer League (ASL). Kálmán's talent was so legendary, that Agar was forced to keep the transfer a secret until he was on his way to the U.S. That year, Konrád played for Brooklyn and appeared in 27 games and scored two goals. That season, he also played in the International Soccer League, a new league of American and Canadian teams. The Wanderers of the ASL participated and won the league championship with a 5-3-1 record. Konrád scored four goals while playing in every game.
After his only season in the United States, Konrád returned to Hungary and ended his playing career with MTK during the 1927-28 season. He then became a world-renowned coach and led powerful clubs such as Bayern Munich, FC Zurich, and Slavia Prague. Konrád also coached a number of teams in Sweden, where he settled and lived until his death in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="5894813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894813" title="Karmapa International Buddhist Institute">
Karmapa International Buddhist Institute

Karmapa International Buddhist Institute (also known as K.I.B.I. or KIBI) is a school of higher learning based on the great treatises of Buddhism. Founded by Shamar Rinpoche, K.I.B.I. aims at furthering wisdom and compassion based on the Karma Kagyu tradition of Tibetan Buddhism.
K.I.B.I. belongs to Trinley Thaye Dorje, a claimant to the title of 17th Gyalwa Karmapa. 
Since 1990, the Institute has offered a 4-year-programme which is awarded as a Bachelor of Arts degree in Buddhist philosophy. Courses in Tibetan language are also available.
K.I.B.I. is located in the prestigious Qutab Institutional Area in New Delhi, India.

</doc>
<doc id="5894815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894815" title="Tomm Coker">
Tomm Coker

Tomm Coker, also known as Thomas L. Coker, is an American comic book artist and film director/writer.
Career.
Coker's career started in the early nineties drawing comic books for Image Comics, Dark Horse Comics, Marvel Comics and DC Comics. Throughout the 1990s he worked on such titles as "Gen 13 Bootleg", "" and "Penthouse Comix".
After a short absence, he returned to comics in 2003, illustrating the popular Vertigo mini-series "Blood & Water". This series also marked a stylistic change, in which his art evolved in a much more realistic direction.
His short film "A Day Between" premiered at the 2003 Sacramento International Film and Music Festival. His first feature length film, "Catacombs", starring Shannyn Sossamon and pop singer Pink, was released in 2007.
In 2009, he drew MTV's "motion comic" series "Audio Quest: A Captain Lights Adventure", starring the singer Lights.

</doc>
<doc id="5894819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894819" title="Serpentine Gallery (album)">
Serpentine Gallery (album)

First released in 1995, Serpentine Gallery is the debut album of gothic rock duo Switchblade Symphony. A deluxe edition with a bonus disc was released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5894829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894829" title="Edmond (film)">
Edmond (film)

Edmond is a 2005 American drama-thriller film directed by Stuart Gordon and starring William H. Macy, based on the 1982 play "Edmond" by David Mamet. Mamet also wrote the screenplay for the film. "Edmond" features Julia Stiles, Rebecca Pidgeon, Denise Richards, Mena Suvari, Joe Mantegna and George Wendt in supporting roles. It was screened at several film festivals from September 2005 to May 2006, and had a limited release on July 14, 2006.
Plot.
Edmond Burke is a city businessman who visits a tarot fortune teller on the way home. She claims Edmond "is not where belongs." He decides to make changes in his life, beginning by leaving his wife.
At a bar, Edmond tells a fellow patron he hasn't had sex in a while and that marriage took away his masculinity. The man gives him the address to a strip club, where Edmond is kicked out by a bouncer for not paying for a stripper's drink. Now even more sexually frustrated, Edmond goes to a peep show; having never been to such a place before, he doesn't realize that he isn't allowed to have actual sex with the performer.
Next he goes to a white-collar bordello, but can't afford a hooker. Edmond needs money, so he plays a card game with a street dealer. When Edmond accuses the dealer of cheating, the dealer beats him up and steals his money. Edmond becomes enraged by what he sees as the contempt, prejudice and greed of society. He pawns his wedding ring in exchange for a knife. He is approached by a pimp who offers Edmond a "clean girl" and lures him to an alleyway, where the pimp attempts to mug him. In a wild rage, Edmond attacks the pimp with his knife while hurling racial slurs at him. He leaves him wounded and possibly dying in the alley.
Suddenly euphoric, Edmond enters a coffee shop and tells a waitress, Glenna, his newfound worldview of instant gratification. They end up having sex at her apartment. Glenna likes him at first, but she is soon frightened by his increasingly erratic behavior and calls for help. An enraged Edmond slashes her to death, blaming her own insecurity for her murder. On a subway train, Edmond has an angry confrontation with a female passenger. Edmond wanders the city. He comes across a church service where a minister preaches about respect and faith. Edmond feels the urge to preach about his own experiences, and as he stands in the doorway of the church, the woman he threatened on the subway who is about to walk into the church, recognizes Edmond and calls into the street for the police. The responding officer, while detaining Edmond outside the church doorway, pats Edmond down to find the knife in his front jacket pocket. Edmond is arrested.
In jail, Edmond begins to appreciate the security of his old life, but it is too late; the police have reason to believe that the knife found in Edmonds pocket may be the murder weapon related to Glenna's murder. The interrogating officer bluntly asks Edmond why he killed Glenna, to Edmond's shock and disbelief. He is sent to prison for her murder. There, Edmond is paired with a black cellmate. He likes prison because it is simple. He speaks of how he has always feared black people, but now that he shares a room with one, he can finally feel a bond. The indifferent cellmate then forces Edmond to perform oral sex on him. Edmond tells a prison minister what happened, but goes off on a tangent, shouting that God has been unfair to him. When the minister asks why he murdered the waitress, he has no answer.
Years pass. Edmond has cut connections with the outside world, refusing to see visitors. He talks to his cellmate about the human ego and how life should not be taken for granted. He concludes that by conquering his fears, he might lead a better life. He ponders the afterlife, then goes to sleep comfortably alongside his cellmate. True to the tarot fortune teller's words, Edmond might well have found the place where he belongs.
Reception.
The film received mixed reviews from critics. The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 45% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 69 reviews. Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 61 out of 100, meaning "Generally favorable reviews", based on 21 reviews.
Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" gave the film one star out of five and called it a "truly awful movie, one of the very worst US pictures to be released the UK in years." Bradshaw said screenwriter Mamet "lets rip with deafening flatulent macho nonsense" and said "He reaches a level of self-parody so extreme his trademark dialogue becomes almost literally meaningless." Bradshaw said the cameos by Mena Suvari and Denise Richards are "insulting and cursorily written" and called the ending of the film "outrageously contrived."
"The New York Times" film critic Stephen Holden said William H. Macy "is perfectly cast", calling him "a master at playing sticks of human dynamite in mild-mannered camouflage" and that he gives the "nerviest screen performance of his career." Holden said the film is a faithful adaptation of the one-act play from 1982, saying "Its taunting insistence that everyone is racist, voiced in abrasive, staccato Mamet-speak, leaves you feeling battered and vaguely guilty." Holden wrote, "As in much of Mr. Mamet's work, there is a quality of adolescent nose-thumbing, as though it all might be a cruel practical joke designed solely to make us squirm." Holden said viewers may love or hate the film but that it was certainly unforgettable.

</doc>
<doc id="5894836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894836" title="List of Trechaleidae species">
List of Trechaleidae species

This page lists all described species of the spider family Trechaleidae as of Aug. 21, 2013.
Amapalea.
"Amapalea" Silva & Lise, 2006
Barrisca.
"Barrisca" Chamberlin & Ivie, 1936
Caricelea.
"Caricelea" Silva & Lise, 2007
Dossenus.
"Dossenus" Simon, 1898
Dyrines.
"Dyrines" Simon, 1903
Enna.
"Enna" O. P.-Cambridge, 1897
Heidrunea.
"Heidrunea" Brescovit & Höfer, 1994
Hesydrus.
"Hesydrus" Simon, 1898
Neoctenus.
"Neoctenus" Simon, 1897
Paradossenus.
"Paradossenus" F. O. P.-Cambridge, 1903
Paratrechalea.
"Paratrechalea" Carico, 2005
Rhoicinus.
"Rhoicinus" Simon, 1898
Shinobius.
"Shinobius" Yaginuma, 1991
Syntrechalea.
"Syntrechalea" F. O. P.-Cambridge, 1902
Trechalea.
"Trechalea" Thorell, 1869
Trechaleoides.
"Trechaleoides" Carico, 2005

</doc>
<doc id="5894846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894846" title="Bickley Wood">
Bickley Wood

Bickley Wood () is a 9.5 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest just north of River Avon, near the village of Longwell Green, Bristol, notified in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="5894866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894866" title="Cesare Manzella">
Cesare Manzella

Cesare Manzella (Cinisi, December 18, 1897 - Cinisi, April 26, 1963) was a traditional Mafia capo, who sat on the first Sicilian Mafia Commission. He was the head of the Mafia family in Cinisi, a small seaside town near the Punta Raisi Airport. As the airport was in their territory it was an invaluable asset for the import and export of contraband, including narcotics. His deputy was Gaetano Badalamenti.
Expelled from the US.
After a stay in the United States, where he had spent many years organising gambling houses in Chicago, Manzella settled back in Cinisi after he was expelled by US authorities in 1947. In Cinisi he owned an extensive citrus plantation. Manzella was described as a “violent and bullying individual”, by the local Carabinieri. “He is cunning and has a well-developed organisational ability, which enables him to enjoy an undisputed ascendancy over local criminals and mafiosi.” Not only in Cinisi, but also in the surrounding communities Carini, Torretta, Terrasini, Partinico, Borgetto and Camporeale. He was a member of the first Sicilian Mafia Commission that was established in 1958.
Manzella loved to show off as a benefactor. As he strolled down the narrow streets of Cinisi, wearing his wide-brimmed American-style hat, he would hand out pocketfuls of sweets to orphans and street rascals. He devoted a proportion of his illicit profits to building an orphanage. His charity was rewarded by his election as president of the Azione Cattolica (Catholic Action) in Cinisi.
First Mafia War.
Manzella was heavily involved in cigarette smuggling and heroin trafficking. He was a protagonist in the First Mafia War. The conflicted erupted over an underweight shipment of heroin. The shipment was financed by Manzella, the Greco cousins from Ciaculli and the La Barbera brothers from Palermo Centre. Suspicion fell on Calcedonio Di Pisa, who had collected the heroin for Manzella from the Corsican supplier, Pascal Molinelli, and had organised the transport to Manzella’s partners in New York.
The case was brought before the Mafia Commission, but disagreement on how to handle it led to a bloody conflict, known as the First Mafia War, between the Grecos, headed by Salvatore "Ciaschiteddu" Greco, and the La Barberas – in particular when Di Pisa was killed on December 26, 1962. Manzella sided with the Grecos and became the target of the rival faction. Manzella was killed on April 26, 1963, when he was blown to pieces by a car bomb. Pieces of Manzella were found stuck to lemon trees hundreds of meters from the crater where the car had been.
Impastato.
Manzella was an uncle by marriage of Giuseppe Impastato, the Anti-mafia activist who was murdered by the Mafia in 1978. Peppino Impastato's Anti-mafia activity might have been triggered by the brutal murder of Manzella, when Peppino was 15 years old. Peppino was traumatized by the event. "Is this really Mafia? If this is Mafia I will fight it for the rest of my life…." 

</doc>
<doc id="5894868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894868" title="RAF Bawtry">
RAF Bawtry

RAF Bawtry was a Royal Air Force station located at Bawtry Hall in Bawtry, South Yorkshire, England and was No. 1 Group RAF Bomber Command headquarters and administration unit during and following the Second World War.
History.
Bawtry Hall itself, was erected around 1785 by a prosperous wool-merchant from Wakefield, Yorkshire. 
During the Second World War the RAF took it over and it became an RAF command centre. RAF Bawtry did not have its own airfield but instead took advantage of RAF Bircotes, which was located literally next-door. Here the station based a number of communications aircraft.
Bawtry Hall served the Royal Air Force from 1941–1984; first as HQ for No. 1 Group, Bomber Command during and after the Second World War, then as Strike Command HQ up to and including the later stages of the Cold War. The famous bombing of the airfield at Port Stanley by Vulcan bombers from RAF Waddington during the Falklands War was co-ordinated from the operations room at Bawtry Hall.
RAF Bawtry became the centre of the RAF Meteorological Service for many years and ceased military operations in 1986. In June 1987 Bawtry Hall was purchased by The Welbeck Estate Group.
No.1 Group Bomber Command units based at RAF Bawtry comprised as follows: -
+data from:
During the Miners' Strike in the mid-1980s, up to 17,000 Police were based at RAF Bawtry to provide a central Operations and co-ordination point on the South Yorkshire / Nottinghamshire border.
Present.
The Air Training Corps 2008 Squadron is still located at the former site on Park Road in Bawtry, in a new building that replaced the former ones. The squadron is a fully functioning unit that regularly attend flying, gliding, target shooting and a very high quality of fieldcraft training. Bawtry Sqn also enjoys its own hovercraft, which is now part of a project to maintain. Currently the squadron is known for its high standards of cadets, and was the first ever Squadron from the Yorkshire Wing to participate in the 4 day Nijmegan March (100 miles). In 2009 the Squadron has had a boom in the recruiting of cadets following successful recruiting campaigns in local schools, boosting its total number of attendees by 25+. 2008 Squadron gather every Wednesday and Friday evening to continue activities run by the Air Training Corps
Bawtry Hall was sold in August 1987 to a Welbeck Estate Group company by Bell Watson of Gainsborough on behalf of the Ministry of Defence. As this was not Welbeck's normal acquisition, specialising in married quarter Estates and former RAF airfields the following year they resold it through Prudential Property Services of Lincoln. Nearby Welbeck then acquired the domestic and technical site and married quarters at RAF Hemswell and the post war married quarters at RAF Finningly. Following the sale by The Welbeck Group the building was bought by Action Partners Corporation, a Christian organisation, and has been used as teaching and conference centre for the past 24 years.
The trustees had taken the decision to close the hall on 31 December 2013 and a buyer is now being sought.

</doc>
<doc id="5894884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894884" title="Jamal Khashoggi">
Jamal Khashoggi

Jamal Khashoggi () (born 1958) is a US-educated Saudi journalist, columnist, author and the general manager and editor-in-chief of Al Arab News Channel. 
He is internationally respected for his contributions to "Al Watan" for its becoming a platform for Saudi progressives.
Early life and education.
Khashoggi was born in Madinah in 1958. He received elementary and secondary education in Saudi Arabia. He obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Indiana State University in 1982.
Career.
Jamal Khashoggi began his career as a regional manager for Tihama Bookstores from 1983 to 1984. Later, Khashoggi worked as a correspondent for the "Saudi Gazette" and an assistant manager for "Okaz" from 1985 to 1987. He continued his career as a reporter for various daily and weekly Arab newspapers from 1987 to 1990, including "Al Sharq Al Awsat", "Al Majalla" and "Al Muslimoon". He became managing editor and acting editor-in-chief of "Al Madina" in 1991 and his term lasted until 1999. 
From 1991 to 1999, he was a foreign correspondent in such countries as Afghanistan, Algeria, Kuwait, Sudan and the Middle East. It is also claimed that he served with both Saudi Intelligence Agency and possibly the United States in Afghanistan during this period. He then was appointed a deputy editor-in-chief of "Arab News", the leading English newspaper of Saudi Arabia and served in the post from 1999 to 2003.
Khashoggi became the editor-in-chief of "Al Watan" for a short period, less than two months, in 2003. In fact, his tenure as editor-in-chief lasted just for 52 days. He was fired in May 2003 by the Saudi ministry of information after several commentaries published in the paper about the potent influence of the religious establishment in Saudi Arabia. 
After this event, he went to London in voluntary exile. There he joined the Al Faisal's team as an adviser. Then, he served as a media aide to Prince Turki Al Faisal, while the latter was Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States. 
In April 2007, Khashoggi began to work as editor-in-chief in "Al Watan" for a second time. A column by poet Ibrahim al-Almaee challenging the basic Salafi premises was published in "Al Watan" in May 2010. Then, Khashoggi had to resign again on 17 May 2010. "Al Watan" announced that Khashoggi resigned as editor-in-chief "to focus on his personal projects". However, it is thought that he was forced to resign due to official displeasure with articles published in the paper that were critical of the Kingdom's harsh Islamic rules.
After his second resignation from "Al Watan" in 2010, Khashoggi appointed by Al-Waleed bin Talal as director of the Al Arab News Channel in Bahrain. He is also political commentator for Saudi and international channels, including MBC, BBC, Al Jazeera and Dubai TV. 
Interviews with Osama bin Laden.
Khashoggi had followed Osama bin Laden's career since the 1980s and had interviewed him several times. Khashoggi knew bin Laden during his formative years as a radical Islamist and interviewed him in Afghanistan in 1987 during the fight against Russian occupation. He also met bin Laden in Tora Bora and lastly in Sudan in 1995. It is reported that Khashoggi once tried to persuade him to quit violence.

</doc>
<doc id="5894888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894888" title="Library Bill of Rights">
Library Bill of Rights

The Library Bill of Rights is the American Library Association's statement expressing the rights of library users to intellectual freedom and the expectations the association places on libraries to support those rights. The Association's Council has adopted a number of interpretations of the document applying it to various library policies.
The Library Bill of Rights.
The Library Bill of Rights was adopted by the American Library Association Council on June 19 1939. It was amended in 1944, 1948, 1961, 1967, and 1980. The inclusion of 'age' was reaffirmed in 1996. It reads:
History.
Originally written by Forrest Spaulding, director of the Des Moines Public Library, in 1938, the Library Bill of Rights was adopted by the American Library Association in 1939, and has been revised several times since. Its original adoption was introduced with the statement, "Today indications in many parts of the world point to growing intolerance, suppression of free speech, and censorship affecting the rights of minorities and individuals," a reference to the emergence of totalitarian states during that time. During the Cold War period, the Library Bill of Rights supported opponents of censorship of materials interpreted as communist propaganda. In 1948, the association adopted a major revision of the document, which strengthened it significantly to address the new wave of censorship attempts that marked the beginning of the Second Red Scare, and was subsequently attacked in newspapers as "leftist," a "red front," and a "Communist organization." A 1967 revision shortened the document and removed rhetorical flourishes, also removing the qualification "of sound factual authority," which it was felt could have been used to justify censorship; also, "age" (along with background, origin, and views) was added to the attributes that should not be a basis for denying access to information. The document was revised again in 1980. 
In 1996, the American Library Association reaffirmed the inclusion of age as an attribute that should not be the basis for denying access to information. This occurred after the American Library Trustee Association (ALTA) brought a request for this to the ALA Council.
Criticism.
Shirley Wiegand, professor emeritus of law at Marquette University, asserts that the Library Bill of Rights uses rhetoric disconnected from the legal understanding of "rights." "Bills of Rights", and "rights" themselves, are in this understanding legally enforceable and backed by well-developed arguments. The Library Bill of Rights has no such force or backing, because it is simply a statement of principles. Wiegand argues that the Library Bill of Rights (and the accompanying rhetoric) needs to be supplanted by a code well-grounded in the case law and language of the First Amendment and its accompanying legal principles. Something similar to the Library Bill of Rights could be retained as an accompanying "aspirational creed", such as a revised form of the ALA Code of Ethics, but it would need to provide more practical guidance. 
David Woolwine of Hofstra University has criticized the philosophical underpinnings of the Library Bill of Rights, specifically objecting to the use of utilitarianism and "rights discourse" in defense of the principles. The "moral calculus" of the utilitarian argument that free access of information produces the greatest good for the greatest number can also be used to argue in support of restrictions for the purposes of safety and national security. Rights discourse relies on the assertion of rights with minimal referencing, while neglecting detailed argumentation. Woolwine asserts that utilitarianism and rights discourse need to be replaced by a synthesis of "modern" and "post-modern" philosophy to coherently and soundly justify the principles of the Library Bill of Rights.

</doc>
<doc id="5894889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894889" title="Sheer Terror">
Sheer Terror

Sheer Terror are an American hardcore punk band from New York City. The band was one of the first to combine elements of heavy metal with a hardcore punk base, pioneering a heavier style of hardcore that would become popular in the following decades. Formed in late 1984, the band, stayed together until 1998, surviving numerous lineup changes and shifts in musical style. In October 2004, the band reunited and gave two final farewell shows at New York's CBGB Club.
History.
The band first came into existence in December 1984 when former Fathead Suburbia vocalist Paul Bearer answered an ad in the Village Voice for a hardcore punk singer. Filling out the original lineup was guitarist Alan Blake, bassist Baron "Barry" Misuraca, and drummer Sam "Reid" Lohman. The band was featured on the 1985 "One Big Crowd" compilation, and released two cassette demos, "No Grounds For Pity" and "Fall From Grace". Soon after the band broke up due to personality conflicts. Afterwards, Bearer would spend some time in southern California before returning to New York, where he reformed Sheer Terror with Blake, adding Mark Neuman on bass and Jason Martin on drums.
The band soon after began a longtime association with Blackout Records, who released some of their songs on the label's compilation "Where the Wild Things Are", in 1989, along with a 7 inch "Live At CBGB" release. The following year, the band recorded their debut full length "Just Can't Hate Enough". The record was engineered by Tommy Victor of Prong. As Victor also worked at CBGB, he was able to allow the band to record live at the famous bar in the morning and afternoon hours before shows were held. The record was released in Germany on Starving Missile Records, and later released stateside under the Blackout name. "Just Can't Hate Enough" quickly became one of the records that defined the new, heavier sound of hardcore that was emerging at the time, played by bands such as Biohazard and Killing Time, among others. The guitar tone and riffs, in particular, display a large heavy metal influence, especially from Swiss speed metallers Celtic Frost, who were allegedly one of Alan Blake's favorite bands. The band also became known for Bearer's no-nonsense stage personality, with some finding him offensive, and others enjoying his often blunt and obscenity filled humor.
Blake, however, exited the band soon after the record's release. He would later form Darkside, also known as Darkside NYC, which also featured a heavy Celtic Frost influence.
Neuman took the opportunity to switch to guitar, and Mike "Chickie" Walter, a former member of the crossover band Ludichrist, took over on bass duties, only to be replaced a year later by Keith "Zippy" McAdam. With the lineup of Bearer, Neuman, McAdam, and Martin, the band cut a new record in 1991 that was titled "Ugly And Proud", and whose planned cover featured a bulldog belonging to Josh Silver of Type O Negative. Seeing the success of Biohazard's eponymous 1990 release, the band planned to release the LP under Maze Records. However, due to the amount of money and time spent on the Biohazard release, Maze was not in the position to release "Ugly And Proud". The record was shelved by the label, much to the dismay of the band who could not convince the company to allow them to take the masters elsewhere.
In this time, the band experienced more member turnover, including the return of Chickie to bass duties, and an extended stint with a former glam metal drummer named Dave Todd. Paul Bearer recounts in the liner notes of a later release about his disbelief that Dave, while the band was in Europe, asked him who "Anarchy" was, thinking the circle-A logo he saw spray painted on walls belonged to a band. The tension of having someone in the band who did not understand punk rock ultimately led to finding a new drummer in Pat Cronin.
To make up for the lack of an album, Sheer Terror re-recorded many of the songs from "Ugly And Proud", releasing the result on Blackout as "Thanks Fer Nuthin", a jab at the owner of Maze Records. According to Bearer, he originally wanted to call the record "Canadian Scumbag". However, upon hearing of the band's new album, Maze Records quickly, and finally, released "Ugly And Proud", leading to the band having two records on the market with mostly identical songs.
Some tours later, the "Old, New, Borrowed, And Blue" EP was released. Following the theme of the title, the tracklist included an old song, "Walls", a new song, "Broken", a cover ("borrowed") song, "Everything's Fine" by The Saints, and a slow ballad ("blue"), "Goodbye, Farewell". It also included a short cover of Johnny Cash's "I Still Miss Someone". The cover depicted an old photograph of Bearer's parents' wedding. Both Bearer and Mark Neuman have commented that due to Josh Silver's production of the EP, it remains their favorite Sheer Terror release. The band even cut the only music video of their career for "Broken", which featured a live action depiction of the song's subject, a despondent, alcoholic circus clown.
This, among other things, led to interest from MCA, who signed the band for the recording of 1995's "Love Songs for the Unloved". Produced by Tommy Victor, the record reflected a changing band, with slower songs and more clean, operatic singing from Bearer, rather than his usual growls. The upbeat track "For Rudy The Kraut" even featured an almost ska-sounding horn section consisting of Tom Malone (Trombone), Jim Hynes (Trumpet) and Scott Kreitzer (Tenor saxophone). Neuman was also not particularly satisfied with the overall sound of his guitar tracks, leading to the dismissal of Producer Victor, leaving production to be taken over by both Neuman and Walters. The record did not receive the expected attention from fans, and Sheer Terror was soon dropped from MCA, who Bearer later sarcastically referred to as "the Music Cemetery of America".
In the following years, Bearer's self admittedly "pig-headed" personality clashed with the other members of the band, leading to Cronin and Neuman's exit. Sheer Terror managed to press on with a lineup that included former Whiplash drummer Tony Scaglione, and future Cause for Alarm guitarist Jay Banks. This lineup lasted through a U.S. tour with Napalm Death. Shortly after, the band broke up, only to be revived in 1997 featuring Ex-Mind over Matter/Neglect drummer John Lafata, and current Kill Your Idols guitarist Gary Bennett. John Lafata then went on to tour and record with Madball, and Tony Scaglione was brought in once again. But eventually, Sheer Terror ended their 13 year career in 1998, immediately following a mildly successful European tour. Most members did not speak to each other for many years following the break-up.
Reunion & Reformation.
In mid-2004 it was announced that the lineup of Bearer, Neuman, Chickie, and Cronin were again rehearsing and planned on playing a show to serve both as a reunion and as the final farewell the band was never able to give. The reaction from fans led to the booking of another show the following night, and on October 9 and 10, the band played two sold out shows at CBGB, alongside opening bands such as Inhuman and Subzero. Footage from both nights, as well as an extensive documentary, was released as the "Beaten By The Fists Of God" DVD in 2005. Many high-profile members of the punk rock and hardcore community were featured praising the band in the documentary, including members of Dropkick Murphys, Life of Agony, and Blood For Blood. Many former members were interviewed as well.
A new lineup of the band featuring Bearer, Michael De Lorenzo (guitar), Jason Çarter (bass), and Anthony Corallo (drums) played again on August 13, 2010 at the Starlight Ballroom in Philadelphia, PA as part of the annual This is Hardcore festival. Paul announced at the show that the band may begin to write new songs if the band is happy with the new material. Since that first show, the band has played several other shows in major US markets, Japan, and Europe. According to a post by Paul on the band's Facebook page "Really looking forward to working with guys who not only know the music,but actually feel it...It's not a competition,but a full-on threat...Hooray,for me...!!! Yes,not a jibe nor a slight...a truth."
At the end of 2012, Lawrence Nieroda aka Larry the hunter took over guitar duties in the band playing his first show in January 2013. Larry has done time in Murphy's Law, Subzero, Son of Skam, Inhuman, Loved & Hated and is currently also playing in Stigma.

</doc>
<doc id="5894896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894896" title="Moon gate">
Moon gate

A Moon Gate () is a circular opening in a garden wall that acts as a pedestrian passageway, and a traditional architectural element in Chinese gardens. Moon Gates have many different spiritual meanings for every piece of tile on the gate and on the shape of it. The sloping roofs of the gate represent the half moon of the Chinese Summers and the tips of the tiles of the roof have talismans on the ends of them. Chinese Gardens are often used as a display of class and beauty in many different Western Cultures. The purpose of these gates is to serve as a very inviting entrance into gardens of the rich upper class in China. The gates were originally only found in the gardens of wealthy Chinese nobles. 
Moon Gates were incorporated into the architecture of Bermuda in the late 19th century, around the same time that the British territory began importing Easter lily bulbs from Japan for cultivation. The Bermuda Moon Gate is slightly different from the original Chinese design, as it is often left free-standing or attached to low wall. In Bermuda, it is regarded as good luck for newlyweds to step through the gate.

</doc>
<doc id="5894899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894899" title="Royal Virgin Islands Police Force">
Royal Virgin Islands Police Force

The Royal Virgin Islands Police Force is the national police force of the British Virgin Islands, a British Overseas Territory.
History.
The RVIP was formed in 1967. Previously the British Leeward Islands Police had provided policing across all British territories in the region, from the late nineteenth century onwards. Following the granting of independence to certain constituent states, and the change in status of dependent territories, the larger force was gradually broken down into smaller constabularies. The British Virgin Islands were briefly, during the 1960s, policed by the Antigua, Montserrat and Virgin Islands Police Force, but this force was dissolved in 1967, with each constituent state gaining an independent force.
Structure.
The force is headed by a Commissioner of Police, and is divided into three operational divisions:
The Specialist Operations division includes a Criminal Investigation Department and a marine unit which operates several small fast boats, and the large police patrol boat "St Ursula". The force's financial investigations department is headed by an officer of Chief Inspector rank paid for by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
The force employs a total of 212 people, of whom 167 are dedicated police officers. There are eleven police stations, consisting of eight regular territorial stations (four on Tortola, two on Virgin Gorda, one on Anegada, and one on Jost Van Dyke), together with three specialist stations on the main island of Tortola, namely the Force Headquarters station (incorporating the Office of the Commissioner), the airport police station, and the Marine Base police station.
Commissioner.
The RVIP is headed by a Commissioner, assisted by a Deputy Commissioner. In April 2013 the Government advertised a vacancy for the post of Commissioner. There was speculation that the appointment was a foregone conclusion and that the Deputy Commissioner (and then Acting Commissioner) David Morris would be appointed. In July 2013 the Governor announced that David Morris had been appointed as Commissioner with effect from September 2013. The appointment has caused some controversy, as there are on-going formal complaints against the new Commissioner in which unfair dismissals and abuse of authority are alleged.
Auxiliary Constables.
In the early days of the Leeward Islands Police, only a very small detachment of regular police officers was based on Tortola. They were supported by locally recruited and trained "Local Constables", who had limited authority, but maintained law and order. This tradition has continued to the present day, and the RVIP still includes around 20 "Auxiliary Constables", who have limited powers, and are employed in supervising school crossings, and carrying out simple traffic control duties.

</doc>
<doc id="5894905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894905" title="David Díaz (illustrator)">
David Díaz (illustrator)

David Díaz (born 1960) is an American illustrator of children's books. He won the 1995 Caldecott Medal for U.S. picture book illustration recognizing "Smoky Night" by Eve Bunting. He was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and lives in Carlsbad, California.
Biography.
David Díaz was born in New York and grew up in southern Florida with his family. He discovered his love for drawing when he was in the first grade while working on a vowel worksheet. His parents were afraid of his love for art because they did not want him to struggle with the uncertainty of being an artist. His mother died when he was sixteen years old. From this tragedy in Díaz's life, he used drawing as a way for an emotional output. In high school, Díaz had an inspiring teacher that was able to lead him to competitions where he won awards for his art. When he got older, Díaz moved to southern California where he became a graphic design artist until he made his own design and illustration business called Diaz Icon.

</doc>
<doc id="5894907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894907" title="Life of Gabriel of Qartmin">
Life of Gabriel of Qartmin

Life of Gabriel of Qartmin is a Syriac 8th century manuscript containing the life of Mor Gabriel, Bishop of Tur Abdin, which helps to provides a glimpse into the events in the Middle East during the 7th century.
The quote below provides an example of the Dhimmi agreements of Christians during the Arab conquests.
However, as Robert Hoyland has pointed out, the ostentatious worship described in the Life of Gabriel of Qartmin, including the use of the wooden gong and chanting before a bier, did not become a literary theme until the eighth century; this shows that this account is a later fabrication, and belongs to the genre of documents which sought to delineate the ideal Muslim-Christian treaty and endow it with authority by attributing it to famous Muslim figures. Rather than being representative of the Dhimmi agreements of Christians during the Arab conquests, it represents the type of agreement that eighth-century Christians sought to legitimise.

</doc>
<doc id="5894914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894914" title="Varang Kshiti">
Varang Kshiti

Varang Kshiti is an abugida invented by Lako Bodra, used in primary and adult education and in various publications. It is used to write Ho, a language used in the Indian states of Jharkhand and Orissa.
Community leader Lako Bodra invented it as an alternative to the writing systems devised by Christian missionaries. He claims that the alphabet was invented in the 13th century by Dhawan Turi, and that it was rediscovered in a shamanistic vision and modernized by Bodra.
Bodra authorized the following books in Varang Kshiti:
The script begins with the letter Om, the first sound for the creation of the universe and has 32 letters in total with capital and small letters. It is written from left to right in horizontal lines, and each consonant has an inherent vowel, usually /a/ but sometimes /o/ or /e/.
Varang Kshiti uses it's own set of digits.
Unicode.
Varang Kshiti was added to the Unicode Standard in June 2014 with the release of version 7.0.
The Unicode block for Varang Kshiti, called Warang Citi, is U+118A0–U+118FF. Grey areas indicate non-assigned code points:

</doc>
<doc id="5894916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5894916" title="Salzburg Easter Festival">
Salzburg Easter Festival

The Salzburg Easter Festival (German: Osterfestspiele Salzburg) is an annual festival of opera and classical music held in Salzburg, Austria during Easter week. Herbert von Karajan founded this festival in 1967 as a means of expanding the traditional Salzburg Festival during the summer. The Easter Festival presents major productions of operas at its beginning and the end, along with works from the great orchestral repertoire at the Großes Festspielhaus.
For most of the festival's history, the resident orchestra of the Easter Festival has been the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, of which Karajan was music director at the time, with Karajan also serving as the Easter Festival's artistic director. The orchestra continued its involvement with the festival through the subsequent tenures of Claudio Abbado, who became artistic director in 1994, and of Simon Rattle, who took up the directorship in 2003. In 2005, the Festival began a contemporary music series and presentations by youth orchestras such as the Gustav Mahler Youth Orchestra, directed by Franz Welser-Möst, followed by the European Union Youth Orchestra under Vladimir Ashkenazy in 2006.
In February 2010, allegations of financial scandal and embezzling arose against the then-executive director of the Easter Festival, Michael Dewitte. The scandal widened after Klaus Kretschmer, the technical director of the Salzburg Festival, was similarly accused, and later found severely injured in Salzburg after a reported suicide attempt. Both Dewitte and Kretschmer were dismissed. Peter Alward was then named the new executive director of the Easter Festival.
In May 2011, the Festival announced the scheduled departure of the Berlin Philharmonic as its resident orchestra, and the departure of Rattle as the organisation's artistic director, in the wake of financial problems following the financial scandal, after 2012. In June 2011, the Easter Festival announced the appointment of the Sächsische Staatskapelle Dresden as its new resident orchestra, and Christian Thielemann as its new artistic director, as of the 2013 season, for an initial period through 2017.
See also.
List of opera festivals

</doc>
