<doc id="5935829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935829" title="Laeknishendr">
Laeknishendr

Laeknishendr or Læknishendr is a 1995 demo by the German Viking metal band Falkenbach. It contains some rerecorded tracks from older Falkenbach demos. According to Aðalbjörn Tryggvason of Sólstafir, this demo was recorded in one of Iceland's national parks, Þingvellir.
The original version was limitid to 33 units, but it was bootlegged by several labels.
The musical style is different from later Falkenbach albums. Vratyas Vakyas plays a more black/doom metal oriented sound, which is more harsh and aggressive than later works. Some of the tracks were rerecorded for later albums. Vratyas was using a Roland TR-909 drum machine. All lyrics are in Latin and Old Norse.
Laeknishendr was an important release for the development of the German Viking/pagan metal scene.
Personnel.
The bootlegged versions may have different track lengths, resulting in a different velocity.

</doc>
<doc id="5935834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935834" title="Borgarvirki">
Borgarvirki

Borgarvirki lies between Vesturhóp and Víðidalur in the north of Iceland, and at 177m above sea level it dominates the surrounding region. Made out of basalt strata, it has been used as a fortress for centuries. Borgarvirki is a natural phenomenon, altered by humans in earlier centuries. In 1949, the main entrance was renovated by workers.
Borgarvirki is a volcanic plug (gosstapi), and the Icelandic sagas mention that in earlier centuries it was used for military purposes. Upon the fortress is a viewing dial. 
It is accessible to visitors travelling around the peninsula of Vatnsnes. 

</doc>
<doc id="5935835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935835" title="Nocturna">
Nocturna

Nocturna is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe. The first storyline involving her began in "Detective Comics" #529 (August 1983), but her first appearance is credited to "Batman" #363 (September 1983), where she is first actually seen and mentioned by name. Nocturna was created by Doug Moench and Gene Colan.
Fictional character biography.
Pre-Crisis.
Natalia Knight had a hard childhood. She grew up on the streets as a beggar. She was eventually found and taken in by Charles Knight, who adopted her and provided her with a life of luxury.
She has a passion for astronomy and the night and eventually found a job at Gotham City Observatory. While working there one night, she became victim to a radioactive laser, which drained her skin of all pigment. It also rendered her sensitive to light.
After Charles Knight was murdered, she discovered that her lifestyle was funded by criminal activity. It was then that she met Charles' son, Anton Knight, who fell in love with her. They both decided to keep the inheritance and took it upon themselves to keep them in their accustomed lifestyle through burglary, since Natalia needed expensive medical equipment to treat her pigmentation.
Anton, having spent much time in Asia, proved to be a highly capable martial artist. He and Natalia entered a life of crime together, he as the Night-Thief, and she as "Nocturna", Mistress of the Night. However their burglary soon brought them into conflict with Batman.
After several clashes with Batman, Anton was captured and sent to prison. Nocturna remained free and continued her life of crime along with a new ally, Nightshade. Nocturna would conceive the plans of robbery and theft, Nightshade and his people would carry out the crimes. Once the scheme had run its course, Nocturna called it quits. During this time, she became an intimate friend of both Bruce Wayne and the Batman, something that made both lives more complicated, especially after they had slept together after Bruce lost custody of Jason. She also became a surrogate mother to Jason Todd, the second Robin, and even adopted him. Not wanting Bruce out of Jason's life she proposed that there was only one sensible solution. She and Bruce must get married at once.
Anton Knight finally escaped and, after being rejected by his beloved Nocturna, changed his style and became the murderous "Night-Slayer". He killed Nightshade, even trading identities with a delirious Batman. After being betrayed one time too many times by Nocturna, Anton vowed to kill her. However, it never came to that, as Night-Slayer was captured by Catwoman. Nocturna, having been stabbed, was last seen being put into a balloon by Jason Todd which he then set off into the air.
Post-Crisis.
Natalie Metternich (alias Natalia Mitternacht) is introduced in "Robin" #100. She is a former astronomer that encounters Robin and Spoiler in a storyline that ran through "Robin" #101-105. 
She first encounters Spoiler after leaving a theater where she had been playing the piano. Her music caused everyone in the theater, including Robin, to cry; with the exception of Spoiler (who was recovering from a cold). Outside the theater, she is attacked by an unknown man, but rescued by Spoiler. She refuses to share her name with Stephanie to provide to the police. This causes Spoiler to become suspicious of her, and eventually Spoiler and Robin perform a stakeout at the theater where she performs. During her performance, Spoiler cries but Robin (who has his nose plugged) is unmoved by Natalia's music. Spoiler later track Natalia to her apartment and helps her save her scientific research papers when it is discovered that her apartment is on fire.
While Natalia stays at Spoiler's house, Robin and Spoiler learn that Natalia secretes a pheromone that causes those around her to become emotional and lose their inhibitions. They deduce that the pheromones caused her attacker, a former schizophrenic patient named Dylan Arthur Prescott, to relapse and attack her. When confronted with this information, Natalia denies any knowledge of her powers. She had been an aspiring scientist that eventually quit the scientific field once she contracted her powers, which caused her to lose her inhibitions and pursue other interests (including playing the piano, acquiring a medieval sense of fashion, and other unconventional choices). Robin and Spoiler convince her to visit STAR Labs to have her powers examined.
Spoiler and Natalia developed a friendship and Spoiler shared a great amount of personal information with Natalia while her nose was not plugged. When her nose was plugged, she was able to control what she said and how she behaved around Natalia. After Spoiler contacted Natalia's estranged mother, Natalia fled from her. Robin and Spoiler eventually found her as she was being confronted by Prescott. After a mental showdown, Prescott flees from Robin and Spoiler and dies from electrocution on an underground railway. Spoiler then convinced Natalia to return to STAR Labs for further testing; otherwise, she would contact her mother again.
Although she does not assume the Nocturna identity during this storyline, the title the story in "Robin" #105 is ""Exit Natalia, Enter... Nocturna?"". Series writer Jon Lewis, who was reintroducing characters that had encountered various versions of Robin, confirmed that she is a "rebuild of Nocturna".
"One Year Later", Nocturna appears in the "Black Canary/Green Arrow Wedding Special" #1 as a member of the Injustice League. She's next seen in "Salvation Run" as a member of Vandal Savage's camp, her appearance in this title borrowing from Bruce Timm's unused "" concept artwork.
Recently, she appeared in "Trinity" as an opponent to Hawkman, appearing in an updated version of her classic appearance and using a hot-air balloons as transportation. She then had cameos in the "Gotham Gazette: Batman Dead?" and "Gotham Gazette: Batman Alive?" one-shots, where she battles her former friend Spoiler (who comments that Nocturna has given up on hot air balloons) and uses stealth technology to turn invisible during their fight.
The New 52.
In "The New 52" (a reboot of the DC Comics universe), Nocturna first appears as an inmate of Arkham Asylum during the "Night of the Owls" storyline. Later in the "Forever Evil" storyline, Nocturna is among the villains recruited by the Crime Syndicate of America to join the Secret Society of Super Villains.

</doc>
<doc id="5935845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935845" title="Roncador (disambiguation)">
Roncador (disambiguation)

Roncador can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935854" title="Semyonovka">
Semyonovka

Semyonovka, also spelled Semenovka or Semënovka, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935856" title="Lobeira">
Lobeira

Lobeira may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935858" title="Albert Modley">
Albert Modley

Albert Modley (1901, in Liverpool, Lancashire – February 23, 1979, in Morecambe, Lancashire) was a variety entertainer and comedian.

</doc>
<doc id="5935877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935877" title="Vatnsnes">
Vatnsnes

Vatnsnes is a peninsula jutting into Húnaflói in northern Iceland. It is surrounded by waters of Miðfjörður on the west and Húnafjörður on the east. It is home to one of the largest seal colonies in Iceland, among others at Hindisvík and Ósar. Seals have been protected for many years in Hindisvík. A stone hut was built at Ósar on the eastern side of the peninsula for seal watching.
Among geological features of Vatnsnes are Borgarvirki, a volcanic plug mentioned for its use as a fortress in the Sagas of Icelanders, and Hvítserkur, a 15 m high basalt rock formation near the eastern shore of the peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="5935880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935880" title="Little Farmer">
Little Farmer

Little Farmer was a comic strip drawn by Kern Pederson. The strip featured a short, chubby, moustached farmer, who never spoke, and usually his dog. Much like the strip Henry, the humor was conveyed via pantomime.

</doc>
<doc id="5935882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935882" title="Kevin Keck">
Kevin Keck

Kevin Keck (born June 20, 1973) is an American essayist and poet. His writing is largely autobiographical. He is best known for his collection of personal essays "Oedipus Wrecked" (Cleis Press, 2005), which chronicles his sexual coming-of-age in a humorous style that is often compared to David Sedaris and Sarah Vowell. His writing first gained popularity when Nerve.com published a series of essays that were later collected in "Oedipus Wrecked."
Keck was born in Johnson City, Tennessee, and raised in Denver, North Carolina. He holds a B.A. in English Literature from the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, and an M.F.A in Creative Writing from Syracuse University.
Bibliography.
2004 "My Summer Vacation: Poems 1994 - 2004". North Carolina: M2 Press. ISBN 0-9707802-1-4
2005 "Oedipus Wrecked". San Francisco: Cleis Press. ISBN 1-57344-222-4
2008 "Are You There God? It's Me. Kevin." New York: Bloomsbury USA. ISBN 1-59691-416-5

</doc>
<doc id="5935885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935885" title="Media in Key West, Florida">
Media in Key West, Florida

Television.
The television stations received in Key West, Florida are the stations in the , with rebroadcast transmitters in Key West and Marathon, Florida.
References.
FCC.gov

</doc>
<doc id="5935887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935887" title="Cory Emmerton">
Cory Emmerton

Cory Emmerton (born June 1, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing for the HC Sochi of the Russian Kontinental Hockey League. He previously played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Detroit Red Wings. Emmerton was drafted 41st overall by the Red Wings in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Minor Hockey.
Emmerton grew up playing minor hockey for his hometown St. Thomas Travellers of the OMHA and the Elgin-Middlesex Chiefs of the Pavilion AAA league in Ontario.
Junior.
The Kingston Frontenacs selected Emmerton with their 5th round, 89th overall pick in the 2004 OHL Priority Selection from the Elgin-Middlesex Chiefs. He made the team out of training camp, and in his rookie season, he scored 17 goals and added 21 assists in 58 games, finishing 6th in team scoring.
In 2005–06, Emmerton led the Frontenacs in scoring with 90 points in 66 games, helping the team make the playoff for the first time since he joined the club. In the playoffs, Emmerton would only be held to two points, both goals, in 6 games, as Kingston would be eliminated in the opening round. In the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, the Detroit Red Wings selected Cory in the 2nd round, 41st overall selection.
Emmerton had a tough 2006–07 season, missing some time to injuries, as he would appear in only 40 regular season games. He finished fourth in team scoring with 66 points, as the team would once again make the playoffs. Emmerton had a strong playoff, leading Kingston with five goals and seven points in five games, however, his team would be eliminated in the first round.
He would return to Kingston in 2007–08, and be named the Frontenacs captain, however, the Fronts would get off to a bad start, and quickly fell out of playoff contention, and in early December, Emmerton would be traded to the Brampton Battalion for Justin Levac, Thomas Middup, 2nd and 3rd round picks in 2008, 2nd and 3rd round picks in 2009, and a 6th round pick in 2010. At the time of the trade, Emmerton was leading the Frontenacs with 31 points in 24 games.
In his first game as a Brampton Battalion, Emmerton would score a goal and add two assists to help the Battalion defeat the top team in the league, the Kitchener Rangers. Shortly after his trade to Brampton, Emmerton would compete for a spot on the Canadian National Junior Team, however, he was not able to fulfill his dream, as he was sent home by the team due to being diagonosed with mono. Emmerton came back from his illness, and recorded 30 points in 30 games with Brampton, followed by two assists in five playoff games with the team.
Professional.
Emmerton played a couple of games with the Grand Rapids Griffins in the 2007 playoffs after the Frontenacs were eliminated from the OHL playoffs, going pointless in two games. He was signed to a three-year entry level contract with the Detroit Red Wings on June 4, 2007. After the Battalion were eliminated in the first round of the 2008 OHL playoffs, the Red Wings would once again bring Emmerton up to the Griffins, as he recorded an assist in seven regular season games with the club.
Emmerton played two games in the 2010–11 season for Detroit and finished the season with their farm team, the Grand Rapids Griffins. He played his first NHL game on Saturday, January 22, 2011 and scored his first NHL goal against Corey Crawford of the Chicago Blackhawks. Emmerton was able to secure a steady NHL spot commencing with the 2011–12 NHL season. He was named 2011-12 Detroit Red Wings Rookie of the Year by the Detroit Sports Broadcasters Association on June 6, 2012.
On May 23, 2014, as an impending free agent with the Red Wings, Emmerton opted to sign his first European contract, agreeing to a one-year contract for the HC Sochi inaugural season in the KHL.

</doc>
<doc id="5935894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935894" title="Virtual Pool 64">
Virtual Pool 64

Virtual Pool 64 is a 3D, first-person sports simulation video game that was developed by Celeris and released for the Nintendo 64 by Crave Entertainment on December 17, 1998, in North America, and in Europe on February 26, 1999. The game features computer simulations of 11 forms of pool (pocket billiards). It is part of the "Virtual Pool" game franchise, which also includes the PC games "Virtual Pool", "Virtual Pool 2", "Virtual Pool Hall" and "Virtual Pool 3". The game has been simultaneously lauded as "a top-notch simulation" and criticized as dull, lacking both player incentive and engaging characters.
Game modes.
Virtual Pool comes with nine different pool games (eleven, including all three of the eight-ball variants available):

</doc>
<doc id="5935903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935903" title="Mississippi Teacher Corps">
Mississippi Teacher Corps

The Mississippi Teacher Corps (MTC) is a two-year teaching program that recruits college graduates to teach in "critical-need areas" of Mississippi. Historically, most teachers have been placed in the Mississippi Delta, though in recent years a growing number have been assigned to Marshall County and other school districts outside of the Mississippi Delta.
MTC is administered by the University of Mississippi and largely funded by the Mississippi Legislature. MTC was founded by Ms. Amy Gutman in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="5935906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935906" title="Buseto Palizzolo">
Buseto Palizzolo

Buseto Palizzolo (Sicilian: Palazzolu) is a town and "comune" in North-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani. It has 3,170 inhabitants. 

</doc>
<doc id="5935909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935909" title="Claire Sproule (album)">
Claire Sproule (album)

Claire Sproule is the debut album by Irish singer-songwriter Claire Sproule. It was released on 10 October 2005 in the United Kingdom (see 2005 in British music).

</doc>
<doc id="5935916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935916" title="Abiel Abbot">
Abiel Abbot

Abiel Abbot (August 17, 1770 – June 7, 1828) was a prominent clergyman. He was born to John and Abigail Abbot in Andover, Massachusetts, and went on to study at Harvard University. He married Eunice Wales in 1796.
He started working as a preacher in Haverhill, Massachusetts, in 1793 and remained there through 1803, having been promoted to pastor in 1795. He then moved to Beverly, Massachusetts, and became a pastor there. He remained in that position through the end of his life.
In 1828 he traveled to Cuba to recover his health but died of yellow fever on his way back. He had one book published posthumously, "Letters from Cuba", in 1829.

</doc>
<doc id="5935919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935919" title="Classical guitar strings">
Classical guitar strings

String construction.
Traditional.
The three treble guitar strings are made from sheep or cow intestine, referred to as plain gut, while the three bass strings are made of a silk thread core wound with gut.
Modern.
Since the development of nylon guitar strings by Albert Augustine Ltd., the three treble strings are a single nylon filament, while the three bass strings are made of a core of fine nylon threadlike filaments wound with silver plated bronze or copper wire.
String vibration.
Vibrating strings are the features of the guitar that allow it to produce the specific sounds required to create music. In order to understand music and how guitars produce it, it is helpful to understand the physics of sound. Sound is created when the vibration of material bodies causes energy to propagate in pressure waves through a medium, usually air. All forms of musical instruments create vibrations in order to produce the sound waves that make music. Guitars are a type of musical instrument called string instruments, meaning that they create their sound through the vibrations of a string. Vibrating strings on a guitar are fixed at both ends and are elastic. When a guitar string is either strummed or plucked, vibrations in the form of waves travel in both directions along the string and are reflected back at each fixed end. These waves do not cancel each other out as they reflect back upon themselves, but instead form a standing wave where crests and troughs remain at fixed positions while the displacement of the envelope of the wave as a whole increases and decreases. 
The guitar strings act in such a way that they can satisfy the relationship between wavelength and frequency, represented by the equation v = fλ . This equation can be rearranged to f = v/λ, meaning that the frequency of a wave (f) is dependent on both the velocity of the wave (v), and the length of the wave (λ). As well, the velocity of the wave traveling on the guitar string depends on the tension of the string (T) and the linear mass density of the string (µ), in fact, “the root frequency for a string is proportional to the square root of the tension, inversely proportional to its length, and inversely proportional to the square root of its linear mass density” . This means that waves will travel faster when the tension of the string is higher and in turn means that the frequency will be higher as the tension is increased (f = v/λ, the v is increasing). 
This also means that waves will travel slower on a more massive string, since if the mass is increased, the v will decrease. This relationship between the speed, tension, and mass density can be arranged into a new equation, formula_1.
When a standing wave vibrates its physical components, the incident and reflected waves, interfere with each other. When this interaction occurs the medium appears to vibrate in segments separated by nodal points and it is not visually apparent that the whole wave is traveling. Since a guitar string has two fixed ends it will behave as a standing wave when either plucked or strummed. The longest wavelength that a string can produce is twice the length of the string. 
Mass density is the only other factor that can be significantly and easily changed, a fact easily verified by noting the different thicknesses of guitar strings. Nevertheless guitars are constructed so that the tension of the strings, as well as their mass, are increased together. As a result, strings are made so that the higher the required frequency, the less mass the string will have, as higher frequencies require a higher tension. The less mass they have the less tension is needed to achieve the same frequency. It follows that the lower the required frequency, the higher the mass of the string, since a lower tension produces lower frequencies. The greater the mass of a string, the more tension is required. In standard tuning the strings on the guitar are a perfect fourth apart in pitch (except between G and B), therefore the change in mass required such that the tension remains constant can be calculated.
History.
Up until the Second World War animal gut and silk were the materials from which guitar strings were manufactured. Albert Augustine, an instrument maker from New York, USA, was the first to produce guitar strings in Nylon. According to Rose Augustine, his wife, he was unable to secure source materials due to the war restrictions and happened upon nylon line in an army surplus store in Greenwich Village. When initially approached by him the DuPont company, who manufactured the material, were unconvinced that guitarists would accept nylon's sonic characteristics. Augustine staged a blind test with company representatives from DuPont, they happened to choose nylon over gut as having the best "guitar sound". The DuPont company then supported Augustine's initiative. Augustine classical guitar strings were first commercially manufactured in 1948, in conjunction with Olinto Mari, President of E.& O. Mari/La Bella Strings at their factory in Long Island City New York. When Andrés Segovia, the great Spanish guitar virtuoso, discovered Augustine's strings he was an immediate convert.
Fluorocarbon polymers have recently become an alternative to nylon treble strings. The sound is preferred by some luthiers and players, especially for the smooth transition provided by the G string from treble to bass.

</doc>
<doc id="5935923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935923" title="Kitchen Party">
Kitchen Party

Kitchen Party can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935947" title="...En their medh ríki fara...">
...En their medh ríki fara...

...En their medh ríki fara... (Old Norse, ""...And in Glory Will They Go..."") is the debut studio album by the German Viking metal band "Falkenbach". The album was recorded and mixed between 18-21 December 1995 and 07-09 March 1996 at "Blue House Studio". There are two CD versions of this album. The first came with a picture of Vratyas Vakyas in the booklet. Due to the album booklet's poor quality, the booklet was changed for the second version. A microcassette version was limited to 250 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="5935948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935948" title="KSMQ-TV">
KSMQ-TV

KSMQ-TV is the PBS member station in Austin, Minnesota. It broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on UHF channel 20 (virtual channel 15.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter in rural east-central Mower County, northwest of Ostrander. Locally-owned by KSMQ Public Service Media, Inc., the station maintains studios on the campus of Riverland Community College on 8th Avenue Northwest (near I-90) in Austin. 
History.
The station signed on the air in December 1971 as KAVT-TV, broadcasting on analog UHF channel 15 from a transmitter located near Austin. The station changed to the current KSMQ callsign in 1984. While most of the station's programming comes from PBS (which the station has been a member station since its inception), the station features additional programming supplied by Minnesota Public Television. In the mid-2000s, the station signed on its digital signal on UHF channel 20 from the Ostrander tower shared by Fox affiliate KXLT-TV.
During the early morning hours of September 5, 2012, KSMQ's STL tower collapsed due to damaging straight-line winds as severe thunderstorms moved through the Austin area, partially falling onto a building that housed the station's power equipment. The station set up alternate transmitter facilities the following evening by installing a microwave dish atop its studios that was manually redirected at its transmitter near Grand Meadow. While insurance is expected to cover the costs of constructing a new broadcast tower, the station subsequently set up a fund for the construction due to a minimum $7,000 deductible that the station must pay.
Digital television.
This station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion.
On May 1, 2009, KSMQ turned off its analog transmitter and converted its broadcasts to digital television exclusively, remaining on its pre-transition UHF digital channel 20. However, through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former analog channel 15.
Cable and satellite.
KSMQ is carried by Dish Network and DirecTV, and by cable operators in southeast Minnesota.
KSMQ is available alongside KTCA on Charter Cable in Mankato area.

</doc>
<doc id="5935951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935951" title="Custonaci">
Custonaci

Custonaci (Sicilian: Custunaci) is a town and "comune" in South-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani. 
Geography.
It has 5,013 inhabitants as of 2004.
Economy.
The coast around Mount Cofano attracts tourists to the pretty seaside village of Cornino.

</doc>
<doc id="5935953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935953" title="...Magni blandinn ok megintiri...">
...Magni blandinn ok megintiri...

...Magni blandinn ok megintiri... (Old Norse, ""...Mixed with Strength and Pride Glory..."") is the second studio album by the German Viking metal band "Falkenbach". It was recorded at "Blue House Studios" in Germany. The album was re-released as a limited vinyl LP (1,000 copies) on "Skaldic Art Productions" in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="5935959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935959" title="Tom Williams (ice hockey, born 1940)">
Tom Williams (ice hockey, born 1940)

Thomas Mark "Tommy, The Bomber" Williams (April 17, 1940 – February 8, 1992) was the first American ice hockey player to regularly play in the National Hockey League since the retirement of Frank Brimsek in 1950. A good skater and shooter, he received his nickname due to an incident in the early 1970s when he joked with Toronto customs officials that his bag contained a bomb (he was suspended for one game by the NHL as punishment).
Amateur career.
Born in Duluth, Minnesota, Williams was a member of the U.S. Olympic hockey team that defeated Czechoslovakia and won the Gold Medal at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley. He scored one goal and had four assists while playing on the second line with Bill Christian and Roger Christian.
Professional career.
His National Hockey League career began when he joined the Boston Bruins for the 1961–62 NHL season. After eight seasons with the Bruins (and a serious injury in 1968 that almost ended his career), Williams joined the Minnesota North Stars, where he played for a season and a half until he was traded to the California Golden Seals.
After just two seasons with the Golden Seals, Williams jumped to the World Hockey Association to play for the New England Whalers. Upon his return to the NHL, Williams joined the new expansion team Washington Capitals where he led the team in scoring (22 goals, 36 assists), and was involved in the franchise's first penalty shot on December 5, 1974, against the Buffalo Sabres. Williams retired during the 1975–76 NHL season.
He and younger brother Butch Williams were the first American brothers to play in the NHL.
Post career.
In 1981, Williams was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame.
He made an appearance on the American gameshow "I've Got a Secret" in which his secret was (at the time) that he was the first American-born NHL Player.
Personal life.
Williams' life was marred by personal tragedies that also had a negative impact on his playing career. In November 1970 his wife died suddenly and it was never determined for certain whether her death was due to accident or suicide. Williams, normally a happy-go-lucky free spirit, become moody and fought with North Stars manager Jack Gordon who suspended him before trading him to the Seals. Tragedy struck again after he had retired from hockey, remarried and found a new career when his 23-year-old son Robert (a Boston Bruins prospect) died in 1987. Williams himself died of a heart attack on February 8, 1992, at the age of 51.

</doc>
<doc id="5935969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935969" title="Pathfinder Scouts Association">
Pathfinder Scouts Association

The Pathfinder Scouts Association (PSA) is an independent Traditional Scouting Association in the United Kingdom and International. The Association program runs along the lines of Baden-Powell's original "Scouting for Boys". upholding the traditions and practice set out by BP.
History.
1982 - 2009.
The 'Explorer Scouts' and 'Pathfinder Scouts Association' had been a combined independent scout association from 1982 and registered as a youth organisation in Fulham, London. under the educational Charity Status of 'Walham Green Youth Council'. In the 1980's the members of The 'Explorer Scouts' and 'Pathfinder Scouts Association' joined the Baden Powell Scouts Association. In early 1992, some of the PSA leaders who had been members of Baden-Powell Scouts' Association "(BPSA)" joined the British Boy Scouts (BBS). After failing to gain agreement on many issues to do with traditional scouting, these members left the BBS group and set up 'The Pathfinder Scouts Association', which incorporated an adult section dealing with the training and building up of good leadership through the 'Rover Explorer Scout Association'. The new Association was registered as a Charity at Law in September 1993, leaving behind the older name 'Explorer Scouts'.
In 1995 the founding and Chief Commissioners of the PSA were Ray O'Donnell-Hampton and Steven Dudley-Coventry. After much disagreement about the quality of Scouting tradition, Ray O'Donnell-Hampton handed in his warrant and left the Association. The number of groups fell after the death of Dudley-Coventry and the Association's 'Scoutmasters Court of Honour' dissolved its charitable status without consultation with commissioners past or present . The Association was then officially wound up in April 1998, with the remaining badges being passed on, again without any consultation, to join the British Boy Scouts.
In 1999 Ray O'Donnell-Hampton and some of the older members of the previous association met and re-established the Pathfinder Scouts Association which was registered as a Charity in October 2003 under the umbrella of the 'Rover Explorer Scouts Association' (RESA).
The Association quickly began to regain membership and had association with new members and groups including many lone Scouts' from around the world. There are membership, affiliations and associations in USA, Canada, South America, Australia, West Indies, Philippines, RESA Delta - Malaysia, China, Singapore, Thailand, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Sri Lanka & Indonesia, Holland, Germany, the United Kingdom and Ireland.
RESA and the Pathfinder Scouts Association had for a while divided into separate sections so that each was able to build its own area of expertise. From the change in the Chief Commissioner in Spring 2011, both sections have joined together and are now active around the world. In 2011, Ray O'Donnell-Hampton Chief Commissioner Emeritus and retired - Adrian 'Adie' McDowell was awarded 4 bead Wood Badge - invested as 'Chief Commissioner PSA/RESA' on July 29 at 'The Den', IHQ in East of England.
2003 - Present.
In October 2003 the Bedfordshire Pathfinder affiliated members of the Pathfinder Scouts Association were registered with the Charity Commission, having the stated aims "to promote the physical, intellectual, social and spiritual well being of children and young people aged between 5 - 18 years in Bedfordshire and other areas through the provision of Pathfinder Traditional Scouting activities. These include adventure based on Baden Powell's Scouting for Boys, sport and other recreational activities." The Bedfordshire Pathfinder are affiliated to the Rover Explorer Scouts Association.
Scout Law and Promise.
The PSA & RESA Scout Law is derived from the original Scout Law, but written in verse:
<poem>
Trusty, loyal, helpful;
Brotherly, courteous, kind;
Obedient, smiling, thrifty;
Clean in body and mind.</poem>
Motto: "Wolf Cubs" - Do my Best, "Scouts" - Be Prepared, "Rover Scouts" - Service.
The PSA & RESA Scout Promise is:
<poem>On my honour I promise
to do my best to do my duty to
God and my Country
To help other people at all times
and to obey the scout Law.</poem>
Uniform requirements.
The uniform worn by members of the PSA and RESA reflects that worn by all Scouts prior to the publication of the Chief Scouts' Advance Party Report by The Scout Association in 1969.
Provision is also made for Marine Scouts & Air Scouts.

</doc>
<doc id="5935972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935972" title="Ok nefna tysvar Ty">
Ok nefna tysvar Ty

Ok nefna tysvar Ty (Old Norse, ""And Call Týr Twice"") is the third studio album by the German Viking metal band "Falkenbach". The digipak version comes in a cover embossed in black and gold, and contains an Internet link to the Edda lines sung in ""Donar's Oak"". The album was re-released by "Hammerheart Records" in 2011 on 12" vinyl. Limited to 100 copies on clear vinyl and 400 copies on gold vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="5935974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935974" title="Tigger's Honey Hunt">
Tigger's Honey Hunt

"Tigger's Honey Hunt" is a video game that was released in 2000 for the Nintendo 64, PlayStation, Microsoft Windows. The game was developed by DokiDenki Studio a third-party developer, for Disney Interactive whom published the PC version and co-released the game on home consoles through NewKidCo in North America, while the European release was published by Ubisoft. The game has a spiritual successor called "Pooh and Tigger's Hunny Safari" with much of the same story but with different mini games. In 2002 the game was re-released in the U.K. as part of a two pack of Disney PlayStation games along with the game .
Story.
Winnie the Pooh decides to have a party for his friends but needs more honey. He asks Tigger, a tiger with spring-like tail, to help him collect the honey they will need to have the party. Other friends from the Hundred Acre Wood such as Owl, Rabbit, Kanga, Piglet and Roo, also help "Tigger" find the honey they'll need. After traveling through six areas and completing three minigames, Tigger goes to talk to Chirstopher Robin about finding more honey and he suggests different kinds of food. The party is a big success thanks to Pooh and Tigger.
Gameplay.
There are two forms of play in "Tigger's Honey Hunt", 2½ dimensional platformer style levels, and secondly one of three mini games, which make up 9 levels. In the platform areas "Tigger" must find a required number of honey pots to exit a level. He can then return after collecting any of the two special bounces he learns along the way, which will help him find the rest of the 100 honey pots that are hidden in each of the platform levels. Some enemies such as bats, crows, and woozles can be defeated by jumping on them, but others like heffalumps can only be avoided. Each of the games objectives gives the player a percent of the 100% that is possible when playing the game.
Minigames.
There are three minigames that are apart from the main game, which are based on classic games, and can be played separately from the game at the games menu;
Reception.
Most reviews of the game were positive citing the games graphics, animation, and cut scenes. "64 Magazine" described the game as "the most faithful representation of any cartoon character on any games machine so far!" The PlayStation and PC versions of the game have digital animated scenes with voice over, and mini clips from the cartoon; however, the N64 version does not have the voice messages or the cartoon scenes, which "N64 Magazine" describes as "something that looks, and plays as if it's something still half way through development." "Nintendo Power" pointed out that "The game relies heavily on text, and more spoken dialogue... would have been more appropriate for its audience."

</doc>
<doc id="5935977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935977" title="KFTA-TV/KNWA-TV">
KFTA-TV/KNWA-TV

KFTA/KNWA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5935978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935978" title="McLaren MP4/1">
McLaren MP4/1

The McLaren MP4/1 (initially known as the MP4) was a Formula One racing car produced by the McLaren team. It was used during the 1981, 1982 and 1983 seasons. It was the first Formula One car to use a carbon fibre composite monocoque, a concept which is now ubiquitous.
The MP4 was the first car to be built following the merger of the McLaren team and Ron Dennis' Project 4 team, as the car's name (short for "Marlboro Project 4") indicates.
Design and construction.
The main engineer for the MP4 was John Barnard. The chassis itself was built by McLaren using carbon supplied by Hercules Aerospace (U.S.A.) and quickly revolutionised car design in Formula One with new levels of rigidity and driver protection and its Carbon-Fibre-Composite (CFC) construction, a first in Formula One. Within months the design had been copied by many of McLaren's rivals. 
The car was originally powered by a 3.0 litre Ford-Cosworth V8 engine, but later switched to a 1.5 litre turbocharged TAG-Porsche V6 engine.
Hercules Aerospace keeps the car of Watson which was destroyed in the 1981 Italian Grand Prix and shows it off to visitors after allowing them to view footage of the accident, highlighting how it was possible for him to survive in a carbon fibre car.
Racing.
John Watson and Andrea de Cesaris drove for the season with Niki Lauda replacing de Cesaris for the and seasons. In 1982, the MP4B nearly brought Watson to the World Championship, but he finished third behind Keke Rosberg and Didier Pironi, with 39 points. In that same year however, it did take second in the Constructors' Championship, collecting 69 points. For the 1983 season, the car was then updated into the MP4/1C, and the season started well with a 1–2 finish for the MP4/1C at Round 2 in Long Beach, in which Watson won from 22nd on the grid – the farthest back on the grid a driver has won from in Formula One – and Lauda finished second from 23rd despite suffering from a worsening leg cramp. During the 1983 season, McLaren worked with Techniques d'Avant Garde and Porsche to develop a turbocharged V6 engine and the MP4/1D was the test mule; and then later in the season at the Dutch Grand Prix at Zandvoort the Cosworth-powered MP4/1C was replaced by the TAG-powered MP4/1E, which was essentially also a test mule that competed in only 4 races; it was competitive but did not win any races. In total, the MP4/1 brought McLaren 6 wins, 11 other podium finishes and a total of 131 points.
BBC commentator Murray Walker drove the MP4/1C at Silverstone in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="5935992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935992" title="Nagima Eskalieva">
Nagima Eskalieva

Nagima Eskalieva () (born February 3, 1954 in Fabrichnyy, Zhambyl, Almaty) is a Kazakhstani singer and awarded national artist of the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic.
Early life.
Eskalieva was born in an industrial area to Habdul Eskaliev and his wife Visilia, who were both workers in the region. She was the oldest of five children and grew up under basic conditions. She has three sisters and one brother.
Career.
After graduating in the Republican School of Variety and Circus Arts (the vocal class of L.Kesoglu) and Alma-Ata Musical School (Department of Choral Conducting, Eskalieva became an ensemble member of the famous "Gulder" (Гүлдер) formation. She first rose to popularity when she participated on the soviet Singing Competition "With Song through Life" (С песней по жизни) in 1979, which she won. After that she went on to become one of the most well-known singers of Kazakhstan and was touring through the entire Soviet Union. She eventually moved to Moscow and from then on also went on tour in Algeria, Cuba, Czechoslovakia, Denmark and the German Democratic Republic. In 1984, she went on winning the Golden Orpheus Festival in Sofia. Eskalievas range goes from Kazakh Folk Songs to modern compositions. In 2008, she recorded a charity Single with the boygroup "Percy" to support children suffering of Cardiac disease. First planning on becoming an actress, she occasionally appeared in front of the film camera.<br>Throughout the years, Eskalieva has been supportive of aspiring singers in her home country. In 1996, she founded a Music Atelier aiming to find and support young singing talent in Kazakhstan. She was a jury member in "SuperStar KZ 3 & 4", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol" as well as on "X Factor", where she was the winning mentor in the second season held in 2012 with her contestant Andrey Tikhonov. Currently she is teaching at the "Academy of Vocal Arts Zhurgenev".
Personal life.
Eskalieva was married two times and has a son called Aleksander (born 1983), who auditioned when she was leading the jury of SuperStar KZ.

</doc>
<doc id="5935996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935996" title="Ugo Fantozzi">
Ugo Fantozzi

Ugo Fantozzi is a fictional character of Italian literature, created by Paolo Villaggio. His role is that of a hapless accountant who is fighting with the vices, the tortures and the changes in Italian society. What made the character famous is its extravagant exaggeration of customs and habits, in a manner so coarse and grotesque that immediately made Fantozzi the representative of Italy's lower middle class.
The character.
The character was born in 1968 in a television program in which Paolo Villaggio plays a funny and quirky little man who was a stereotypical unlucky Italian bungler. The novel "Fantozzi" was published in 1971 in Italy by the publishing house Rizzoli; when it proved popular among readers, it was also released in various other European countries. Shortly thereafter Paolo Villaggio created another character considered the '"alter-ego" Fantozzi: Giandomenico Fracchia, another unlucky man, but one very mild and gentle. Ugo Fantozzi has an ugly and slovenly wife named Pina who is never satisfied, particularly in bed. He also has a daughter named Mariangela who is so ugly that everyone, even Fantozzi himself, mistakes her for a monkey. However, to spare her feelings, whenever he is around her he pretends that she is the most beautiful in the world, even more so than Rita Hayworth. Since Fantozzi's family atmosphere is so sad, he attempts to escape by having fun with his colleagues and especially with the comely Miss Silvani at Megaditta, the large company where he works. Fantozzi on many occasions tries unsuccessfully to woo her, making the most ignoble sacrifices to win a morsel of her attention. But Silvani is cruel and only uses him, pretending to love him, while going out continually with the surveyor Calboni.
Calboni believes himself to be the best and favorite among his colleagues and also the most attractive man at the company, but he, too, in the world of Fantozzi, is shown to be a loser. He treats all of his colleagues in the claims department, where Fantozzi also works, as if they are nothing more than his "subjects," and exploits and humiliates them. This dynamic was perfectly understood by Paolo Villaggio, who performed a caricature that portrayed the reality of a typical Italian company and of the human condition generally. But while Fantozzi's colleagues sell out their dignity and compete with each other to allow themselves to be treated like floor mats, Fantozzi the unfortunate accountant always tries to maintain his honor. Only one other person in the office understands what is really going on and he is even more unfortunate and ill-treated than the others. This is the accountant Fracchia, who exists only in the first two books of Fantozzi but later morphed into Silvio Filini, the nearly blind little man with gigantic glasses and a teasing attitude, able to wreak havoc by organizing meetings, games and trips that always turn out to be fatal to colleagues. Not only does Filini slaughter his friends, but he is also believed to be one that understands every gadget in the world and how they work, which also creates many problems for his colleagues and especially for Fantozzi when the group embarks on the notorious trips abroad. In fact, no one knows how to speak a foreign language, let alone English, and so Filini tries to formulate sentences using his skimpy knowledge of the language, mixing of different phonemes in Italian dialects.
Fantozzi in the books and in the movies.
A few years after the release of the first two books of Paolo Villaggio Fantozzi, the director Luciano Salce will turn with the author two films, the most famous character in the series, titled" Fantozzi" (1975) and" Il secondo tragico Fantozzi" (1976). In 1980 the saga of films on the accountant will continue in the hands of director Neri Parenti, always with the interpretation of Paolo Villaggio, however, will not meet the first. Among the books and movies, there are some differences of Ugo Fantozzi. In fact, the stories and novels about the adventures of the character are the most disastrous and focused on the extreme misfortune of the accountant. Beyond that, the author exaggerates the canons of the protagonists in the stories by entering bestiality, homosexual priests and pedophiles, other humiliating scenes that touch the very bottom of shame for a human being and finally curses and blasphemies very elaborate. Paolo Villaggio achieved success just by taking various aspects typical of the Italian society of those times and deforming exaggerating and creating the book subspecies of monsters and ogres. In the movies instead directors and screenwriters, including Leo Benvenuti and Piero De Bernardi, tend to eliminate the most unsettling aspects of the book and gory, pies and playing a lot on the misadventures of the accountant with the family, with colleagues and during the trips organized by Filini. Also in films the great innovation that was made famous mispronunciation of the Italian subjunctive. In fact, if we pay attention conjugation of many Italian verbs in the subjunctive, especially for the imperfect or past tense, it is extremely difficult, and it can sometimes hurt combining the verb provoke the laughter of the interlocutors. Village played very well on this issue that was and is still present in Italian society, about the wrong use of the subjunctive. Speaking and higher Fantozzi we can say that these are very cruel in inflicting subjected to heavy work schedules while they do nothing and go on vacation with their families or worse with prostitutes who pay handsomely. Colleagues Fantozzi, since the attendants little maintenance control office, try to have fun too, being always in the company, playing table tennis or running out of time to put on makeup, as Miss Silvani, or even in the summer going to top floor of the company to take the sun on the deck made payment by other smart employees who pretend to be lifeguards. However Fantozzi always have to be on guard, in case pass the authorities of maintenance, and to fill the role of each employee pretending stamper, accountant, surveyor and clerk in waiting etc. Instead of thanking him, colleagues simply tease, also crippled his surname "Fantozzi" with the nicknames "Fantocci" (from puppet - fantoccio) or "Bambocci" (as a child cry-baby - bamboccio) or "Pupazzi" (pupazzo - puppet). This humiliation to inflict even Fantozzi the directors who, when the accountant attempts to fix, change name on purpose but never pronouncing his name correctly.
The soul of Fantozzi.
Fantozzi is not always submissive, and can sometimes react ruthlessly. For example, in the second film, when his superior (Professor Riccardelli) forces him to watch old films on the Russian neo-realism. The most famous shows that the director is "Battleship Potemkin" (but in the film is playfully titled "Battleship Kotiomkin" to emphasize the tremendous nuisance it causes in the audience). Fantozzi initially, without observing the behavior of his fellow pimps and sycophants towards the beauty of the film, says that the projection is boring. However, it is mocked by his friends and humiliated by Riccardelli that defines a great shit (merdaccia), forcing his wife to admit the same. But one day Fantozzi has the courage to rebel and assert his dignity and also that of his colleagues, declaring loudly that the film was a "crazy shit!!" For his act of courage Fantozzi be applauded for 92 minutes and then massacre the head of a barrel, burn the movie film and barricherà in cinema. But the powerful forces above his superiors, who always have the power and it has always been shown in the story, stop the plan revolutionary Fantozzi. In fact, Professor Riccardelli force for some time his subjects to interpret one of the most important sequences of Kotiomkin" Battleship", to demonstrate his power. Fantozzi try to rebel at one of his last films: "Fantozzi to the Rescue" ("Fantozzi alla riscossa" - 1990), in which he deciding finally to behave like a scoundrel as its directors to get more benefits so easy, is welcomed lovingly in the narrow and petty ranks of "powerful". In fact, up to that point Ugo Fantozzi, went for years in retirement, was summed up to be the object of ridicule and jokes always cruel on the part of new employees in the company where he worked. The directors held speeches in which young people urged them to be more cruel and cheats in life to get to the seats of government and higher power, and to show what happened to the honest and fools showed Fantozzi horrifying and depressing figure. So the accountant decides to change his life and groped the way of deception and theft, and soon became a great entrepreneur, manager, and finally even the Pope, with various positions.
Giandomenico Fracchia.
Giandomenico Fracchia is the second most famous character created by Paolo Villaggio after Ugo Fantozzi. The two characters have much in common, regarding their level of ineptitude and submissiveness to more powerful characters. They misuse subjunctive Italian; for example, telling someone "come" ("venga"), they say "venghi". Fantozzi and Fracchia respond in such situations: "You turn to me in an informal manner?" ("Lei mi ha dato del "tu"?").
Other films that have characters similar to that of Fantozzi.
During his film career, Paolo Villaggio played many other characters, but with the typical characteristics of Ugo Fantozzi and Giandomenico Fracchia.

</doc>
<doc id="5935999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5935999" title="Little Armalite">
Little Armalite

"Little Armalite", also known as "My Little Armalite" or "Me Little Armalite" is an Irish Republican song that praises Armalite rifles that were used by republican paramilitaries against British security forces in Northern Ireland during the Troubles.
Background.
The song dates from the early 1970s, when the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) secretly imported modern weaponry, most notably Armalite rifles, from the United States. The Armalite can refer to a version of the AR-15 (M16) rifle made specifically by the Armalite Corporation or to the Armalite AR-18, a slightly later, improved, 5.56mm rifle. Both weapons have been used by the IRA in its armed campaign, however, the song originally referred to the Armalite AR-180 semi-automatic rifle that was available to civilians in the United States at the time.
The song places the narrator at first in a disadvantaged position, he is beaten and insulted by a British soldier. However, when he obtains his rifle, he is able to fight back against the British Army and the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), even when they are equipped with Saracen, Saladin and Ferret armoured cars. Each chorus celebrates Provisional IRA ("Provos") actions and references different republican strongholds. Firstly the Falls Road and Kilwilkie in Lurgan,(Although in many versions this is swapped with a more well known republican area) then the Bogside area of Derry and Bellaghy in southern Derry and Crossmaglen in South Armagh.
External links.
Video with song and music: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGgD8TmI96o

</doc>
<doc id="5936007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936007" title="K200 KIFV">
K200 KIFV

The K200 KIFV (Korea Infantry Fighting Vehicle) is a South Korean infantry fighting vehicle, originally produced by Daewoo Heavy Industries (now part of Doosan Group), intended as a domestic replacement to older armored personnel carriers such as M113 that were in main line of service with the Republic of Korea Armed Forces at the time of K200's development. The K200 was supplemented by the K21 since 2009 in South Korea. a total of 2,383 K200 vehicles of all configurations were produced between 1985 and 2006, among which 111 K200A1 vehicles had been exported to Malaysia.
History.
The K200 project began in 1981 when the Republic of Korea Army issued a request for a new Korean Infantry Fighting Vehicle (KIFV) to meet future combat requirements. The "Agency for Defense Development" was in charge of its development, and Daewoo Heavy Industries (now part of Doosan Group) was the prime contractor for the production of this vehicle. The K200 was designed to be an amphibious personnel carrier that could cross shallow rivers, based on the chassis of the American Armored Infantry Fighting Vehicle. The AIFV itself was based on the M113 armored personnel carrier. The vehicle was developed to be more affordable than the AIFV, but not necessarily sacrificing capability, to gain an edge in cost-effectiveness. The eventual domestic development and production of the K200 achieved a price range of $1.32 million to $1.41 million as opposed to the $1.52 million to $2.83 million price range that a license-production or direct importation of the AIFV would have entailed.
Doosan incorporated the MAN D2848T engine into the K200 under a license-production deal and assimilated its technology using domestic components, a reverse-engineering experience that would prove instrumental in the development of its next IFV, the K21. S&T Dynamics was the licensee subcontractor for the Allison Transmission X200-5K gearbox. The vehicle entered production in 1985. Serial production was completed in 2006.
General Characteristics.
The K200 series of vehicles transport mechanized infantry platoon safe from the enemy’s light weapons. The hull of the KIFV is of all-welded aluminium armour with an additional layer of spaced laminate steel armour bolted to it. This composite armour provides a higher level of protection for less weight. It can protect against 12.7mm on the side and 7.62mm on the rear, and against anti-personnel mines. The engine compartment is located at the front right of the vehicle and is separated from the remainder of the vehicle by a bulkhead. The engine compartment is fitted with a fire extinguishing system that can be operated by the driver or from outside the vehicle. The air inlet, air outlet louvres and the exhaust pipe are located on the roof of the vehicle to allow amphibious operations.
The K200 has six electrically operated smoke grenade launchers mounted across the front of the hull as countermeasures against electro-optical and infrared targeting. If the KIFV variant features a turret, the smoke grenade launchers mount on the turret (three on each side).
K200 can provide infantry firepower support with 12.7mm and 7.62mm machine guns. Stronger anti-infantry and anti-material firepower can be brought to bear by equipping a 20mm Vulcan gun, or 82mm and 107mm mortars. Anti-tank capability can be added by equipping the Metis-M anti-tank missile system. The K200 is highly modular, and its variants provide additional combat supports such as air defense and vehicle recovery by outfitting many different equipments. The vehicles accommodate 12 people including one infantry squad, the driver, and gunners.

</doc>
<doc id="5936011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936011" title="Mogudu Pellam O Dongodu">
Mogudu Pellam O Dongodu

Mogudu Pellam O Dongodu () is a Telugu film directed by Venky. In the film, there are only 3 characters,i.e. Raja, Shriya and Brahmanandam, which makes it different from all the other films.
Plot.
Murthy (Raja) weds Satyabhama (Shriya) after falling in love. Murthy is an NRI and Satyabhama is a village belle. During their first night, Satyabhama enters the room at 10 pm and tells him that muhurat is at 12 midnight. A first-time thief (Brahmanandam) enters the room without the knowledge of the couple. The story of the film is about how they spend those two hours.

</doc>
<doc id="5936014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936014" title="Marshall Wace">
Marshall Wace

Marshall Wace LLP is a hedge fund in the City of London that was founded by Paul Marshall and Ian Wace. Marshall is chairman and chief investment officer, and Wace is chief executive officer. 
The firm operates from fund management offices in London, Greenwich, and Hong Kong. The head office in London is on the top floor of The Adelphi, close to the Strand. 
Marshall Wace manages a number of fundamental long/short equity funds. The investment process for each uses fundamental analysis that seeks to identify companies which are substantially mispriced on an absolute or relative basis. Managers have the ability to shift from value to growth, from small to medium to large capitalization stocks, and switch from a net long position to a net short position. Managers can also use futures and options to hedge. 
In addition to its fundamental long/short equity strategies, Marshall Wace runs a proprietary alpha capture system called TOPS (Trade Optimised Portfolio System), which polls the investment ideas of equity sell-side practitioners (generalists, sector specialists, strategists, and economists) around the world and uses algorithms to analyse and optimise this information into liquid equity portfolios.
Most of Marshall Wace's investors are major institutions. However, a number of its funds are UCITS-compliant vehicles. In addition to the funds Marshall Wace runs itself, a significant proportion of the money it manages for clients resides in separately managed accounts. 
Marshall Wace was a founder member of the Hedge Fund Standards Board (HFSB) and is a member of the Alternative Investment Management Association (AIMA).
Personnel.
Before starting the fund, Paul Marshall was Head of European Equities at Mercury Asset Management, and Ian Wace was Head of Equities Trading at Deutsche Bank. Marshall is one of the biggest backers of the Liberal Democrats party in the City of London and chairs the CentreForum think tank. 
Wace is chairman of the charity Absolute Return for Kids and Marshall is also a supporter. Absolute Return for Kids supports deprived children in Britain, South Africa, and Eastern Europe. Every year the Ark dinner brings A-list celebrity and hedge fund money together. It raised £11m in 2007.
Further reading.
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-10-29/hedge-fund-marshall-wace-invests-in-peer-to-peer-lender.html
http://www.valuewalk.com/2013/08/marshall-wace-japan-shorts/

</doc>
<doc id="5936016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936016" title="Paceco">
Paceco

Paceco (Sicilian: Paceca) is a town and "comune" in Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani, located nearby the Trapani city area, a distance of . It has 11,429 inhabitants as of 12/31/2010. 
Paceco is a small rural centre: among its agricultural products there are melons, cereals, olives, grapes, and cheese dairy products. In Paceco are also present some sheep-breedings. 
The centre was founded in 1607 by the marquis Placido Fardella. The town is however named after his wife, Teresa Paceco of Vigliena. Conceived in conformity with a meditated urban scheme, Paceco's installation is a mesh perfectly orthogonal with some rectangular isolated (ippodomea plan), very recurrent in the inhabited places of the 17th century. 
Local monuments include the Cathedral Church, consecrated to the SS. Crucifix, built in 1623 and placed in the main "piazza" of the centre. Recently the Church has been entirely restored in order to make it regain the original beauty. In addition, there are the churches of Porto Salvo, Santo Padre, and Santa Lucia.
The city is connected via bus services from the neighbouring city of Trapani.

</doc>
<doc id="5936017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936017" title="The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters (TV series)">
The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters (TV series)

The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters is an American western television series based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel of the same name by Robert Lewis Taylor. The show aired on ABC in the 1963-1964 television season and was produced by MGM Television.
Synopsis.
"The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters" was aimed for teenaged boys and young families. The series is remembered for breakthrough performances from the then 12-year-old Kurt Russell in the title role and Charles Bronson, cast as Linc Murdock, the second wagon master, in the last thirteen episodes. Bronson began his role in the episode "The Day of the Toll Takers" (January 5, 1964). Each episode begins with the title "The Day of ..."
Although it started out with an ensemble cast, which included Dan O'Herlihy in the role of Jaimie's father, Sardius "Doc" McPheeters, who often yields to alcohol and gambling, by the end of the run it had largely been reduced to the characters of Jaimie and Linc. The character actress Donna Anderson played Jenny, a young pioneer woman who befriends Jaimie during the perilous journey westward. 
Mark Allen was cast in nineteen episodes as Matt Kissel, with Meg Wyllie in eighteen segments as Mrs. Kissel. In nine episodes, four of the The Osmonds were cast as the singing sons of the Kissel family, all with given names of books of the Old Testament, Alan Osmond as Micah Kissel, Merrill Osmond as Deuteronomy Kissel, Jay Osmond as Lamentations Kissel, and Wayne Osmond as Leviticus Kissel.
Michael Witney in fourteen episodes portrayed the first wagon master, Buck Coulter, with his last appearance in "The Day of the Pawnees, Part 2" (December 29, 1963). Witney was replaced by Bronson in the next episode. Hedley Mattingly was cast eight times as Coe, and James Westerfield appeared seven times as John Murrel. Other recurring roles were filled by Sandy Kenyon in five episodes as Shep Baggott, stuntman Paul Baxley four times as Tracey, and Mike DeAnda in five assorted roles. Vernett Allen, III, was cast as Othello in nine episodes.
Reception.
The program faced stiff competition on CBS at 7:30 Eastern on Sundays from "My Favorite Martian" and the first half of "The Ed Sullivan Show". NBC aired "Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color" in the same time slot.
Film.
After the series was canceled, Kurt Russell and Charles Bronson reprised their roles of Jaimie McPheeters and Linc Murdock in the 1964 theatrical movie called "Guns of Diablo", an expanded color version of the series' final episode, "The Day of the Reckoning" (March 15, 1964). Russ Conway appeared in the film as "Doc" McPheeters, replacing Dan O'Herlihy in new sequences.

</doc>
<doc id="5936023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936023" title="1947 Tour de France">
1947 Tour de France

The 1947 Tour de France was the 34th Tour de France, taking place from 25 June to 20 July 1947. The total race distance was 21 stages over 4,640 km, ridden at an average speed of 31.412 km/h. It was the first Tour since 1939, having been cancelled during World War II, although some Tour de France-like races had been held during WWII.
Because the previous races had been canceled, there was no real favourite for the final victory. When René Vietto, the runner-up of 1939, captured the yellow jersey after his victory on the second stage, many thought he could remain first until the last day. Vietto, a climber, was less optimistic and lost his first place to Italian Pierre Brambilla after the time trial in stage 19. With only two stages to go, many now believed that Brambilla would win the race. On the very last stage, there was an unexpected attack, and little-known French cyclist Jean Robic captured the lead. Robic had won the Tour de France without ever wearing the yellow jersey during the race, the first time that happened. (In 1953 Robic would lead the race for one more day.)
Tour de France during the Second World War.
After the 1939 Tour de France, the Second World War had made it impossible to organise a big cycling event in France, although some attempts had been taken. The rights on the Tour de France, previously owned by l'Auto, had been transferred to the French government. There were two newspapers interested in taking over these rights, so they both organized cycling events. The event organized by l'Équipe, "La Course du Tour de France", was more successful, and l'Équipe was given the right to organize the 1947 Tour de France.
Participants.
The national teams format, which had been in use before the Second World War, was used again in 1947. The German team was not invited, and the Italian team was made up out of Franco-Italians living in France, as the peace treaty between France and Italy was not yet official, so the countries were technically still in war.
The Tour organisers invited ten teams of ten cyclists each. Besides the Italian team, there was also a French team and a Belgian team, and a combined Swiss/Luxembourgian team. The plan was to have a joint Dutch-British team, but the Dutch cyclists protested because the British cyclists were too inexperienced, and the British cyclists were replaced by "French strangers".
There were also five French regional teams: Ile de France, West France, North East France, Center/South West France and South East France.
There were 58 French cyclists, 13 Italian, 11 Belgian, 6 Dutch, 6 Swiss, 4 Luxembourg, 1 Polish and 1 Algerian cyclist. Of the 100 cyclists, 53 finished the race.
Race details.
After Ferdi Kübler had won the first stage, René Vietto took the lead by winning the second stage. After the third stage only Aldo Ronconi was within 90 seconds of Vietto, and the third man in the general classification was already more than eight minutes behind.
In the seventh stage, when the Alps mountains were climbed, Ronconi took over the lead, but two stages later Vietto took back the lead.
In the fourteenth stage, Albert Bourlon escaped directly after the start. He stayed away until the end of the stage, later. This is the longest escape in the Tour de France after the second World War.
In the fifteenth stage, Jean Robic escaped in the Pyrénees, and beat the other by more than ten minutes. Because of the time bonuses for reaching the mountain tops first, he even won back more than fifteen minutes. In the general classification, Robic rose to fifth place.
With only three stages to go in the Tour, Vietto was still in the lead, 94 seconds ahead of Pierre Brambilla. The eighteenth stage was an individual time trial, the longest in Tour history. In that stage, Vietto lost considerable time, and Brambilla took over the lead in the general classification. Vietto performed worse than expected; there was speculation about why he performed so badly, and some said it was because of the motorcycle accident of a friend, while others said it was because he drank a bottle of cider during the time trial.
Before the last stage, the top five in the general classification was as follows:
The last stage was flat, which makes it hard for escapers to win time. In the last stage, there was a hilltop prime, where money could be won by the first cyclist that passed. Although a group had already passed that hill, Robic was not aware of this, and sprinted for this prime. When he reached the top, Brambilla had been dropped. Robic and Fachleitner, fifth in the general classification, started to work together, and left Brambilla and Ronconi minutes behind. Around 140 km before the finish, they were three minutes ahead of Brambilla, which made Robic the virtual leader of the race. At that point Robic told Fachleitner:
When they reached Paris, they had won 13 minutes on them, enough to make Robic the winner of the Tour de France.
Results.
The cyclist to reach the finish in the least time was the winner of the stage. The time that each cyclist required to finish the stage was recorded. For the general classification, these times were added together. If a cyclist had received a time bonus, it was subtracted from this total; all time penalties were added to this total. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the race leader, identified by the yellow jersey.
Additionally, there was the mountains classification, which did not have a jersey associated with it in 1947. 
The team classification was calculated by adding up the times in the general classification of the three highest ranking cyclists per team; the team with the least time was the winner.
General classification.
With his victory, Robic won 500.000 francs. Additionally, future exhibitions and endorsements due to the Tour victory would give him another 3 to 4 million francs.
Mountains classification.
For the mountains classification, 16 mountains were selected by the Tour organisation, divided in two classes.
In the first-class mountains, the ten first cyclists received points, with 10 points for the first, 9 for the second, and so forth, to 1 point for the tenth. In the second-class mountains, only the first five cyclists received points, 5 for the first one to 1 for the fifth one.
The mountains classification was won by Pierre Brambilla.
Team classification.
The team classification was calculated in 1947 by adding up the times of the best three cyclists of a team; the team with the least time was the winner.
Aftermath.
Robic never wore the yellow jersey as leader in the general classification, because he only became leader in the final stage. Only Jan Janssen has repeated that, in the 1968 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="5936030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936030" title="Project Mersh">
Project Mersh

Project: Mersh is the penultimate release (final extended play, or EP release) from the American punk rock trio Minutemen before D. Boon's death later that year in an auto accident.
The cover art is a painting by D. Boon depicting a meeting of three exhausted record label executives in which one of them says "I got it! We'll have them write hit songs!" Project: Mersh was a sarcastic and ironic attempt at a commercial (or "mersh") recording rather than their "econo" method. Though, as bassist Mike Watt pointed out in a 1985 Bard College interview, "It's only mersh because we said it was mersh, it only sold about half as much as our art record "Double Nickels on the Dime"." All six songs surpass the two-minute mark ("More Spiel" is nearly six minutes long) and incorporate verses, choruses, and hooks, and fade outs in contrast to nearly all the band's previous recordings. Crane who provided backing vocals and played the trumpet on "Buzz or Howl Under the Influence of Heat" returned to lend his voice and instrumentals to the album. The album even utilizes a synthesizer which was played by Ethan James who produced their previous album "Double Nickels on the Dime".
The album also features a cover of Steppenwolf's "Hey Lawdy Mama."

</doc>
<doc id="5936032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936032" title="Ludmila Kim">
Ludmila Kim

Ludmila Kim () is a Kazakhstani singer, VJ. She has been a member of pop-band "Duet L" in 1990s and was a jury member in "SuperStar KZ 3", the Kazakh version of "Pop Idol" in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5936036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936036" title="Makem and Clancy">
Makem and Clancy

Makem and Clancy was a Irish folk duo popular in the 1970s and 1980s. The group consisted of Tommy Makem and Liam Clancy, who had originally achieved fame as a part of the trailblazing folk group The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem in the 1960s. Makem and Clancy sang a combination of traditional Irish music, folks songs from a variety of countries, and newly written pieces, including compositions that Tommy Makem himself wrote. One reporter described their music as "more polished and varied than that used by the Clancy Brothers." 
Although best known for their albums, concerts, and television programs, Makem and Clancy had three top ten singles in Ireland, including the number one hit, "And the Band Played Waltzing Matilda." Upon Liam Clancy's death in 2009, Irish broadcaster and writer Shay Healy noted about the group: "America had Elvis, Britain had The Beatles—Ireland had Makem and Clancy." 
Background.
After initially achieving fame with The Clancy Brothers, Tommy Makem began a solo career in 1969. Liam Clancy also left The Clancy Brothers group by the mid-1970s. Suffering financial setbacks because of unreported taxes, Clancy filed for bankruptcy and moved his family to live with his in-laws in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. His solo gigs in Calgary caught the attention of a television producer, who signed him for thirteen episodes of his own music and talk show. The show was a hit and Liam was signed for twenty-six more episodes. At the same time, Makem was also achieving success in concerts and television appearances, including a Canadian television series of his own. 
Makem and Clancy both performed as solo acts at the Cleveland Irish Festival in July 1975. According to interviews, the two of them had to keep meeting with each other to make sure the other did not sing the same songs at each other's separate gigs. They decided to team up for a one-time performance together at the festival. Their pairing was successful, and they received an enthusiastic standing ovation from the audience. Soon after, Clancy invited Makem onto his Canadian television series, "The Liam Clancy Show." On the final show of the season, Makem appeared as a guest. This hit episode, which won a Canadian Emmy Award for 'best half hour entertainment in a variety show,' led to the two of them being signed together for twenty-six additional episodes on television. Their show was called "The Makem & Clancy Show."
Recordings and appearances.
On the last episode of their television show, Scottish folk singer Archie Fisher appeared as a guest performer. Fisher told Makem and Clancy he wanted to produce a record with them. Fisher produced their debut self-titled album, "Tommy Makem & Liam Clancy" in 1976. The album included all new songs they had not recorded before, including Makem's own compositions "Windmills" and Gordon Bok's "Hills of Isle Au Haut." The last minute addition of the anti-war song, "And the Band Played Waltzing Matilda," added to the album's success. The song quickly became Clancy's signature piece and reached the number one spot on the Irish music charts. With Maurice Cassidy as their international manager and Tommy's wife Mary Makem as their manager in the United States, the duo began their first tour in February 1976. 
Makem and Clancy followed their debut studio album with a live record recorded at the Gaiety Theater in Dublin in July 1977, the double LP "The Makem & Clancy Concert". They continued performing successfully in Ireland, England, Australia, Canada and the United States with several television specials and successful follow-up albums. They brought their old show from Canada to PBS in America and filmed thirteen new episodes for New Hampshire PBS. 
In 1978, they hired a total of ten backup musicians to help record their next effort, a studio album called "Two for the Early Dew". The album featured mostly calmer ballads such as the now classic "Red is the Rose," "Dawning of the Day," "Grey October Clouds," another Gordon Bok number "Clear Away in the Morning," and "Journey's End." The latter became their standard closing song. Fast, up-tempo songs included the Irish language "Cruiscan Lan," previously recorded by the Clancy Brothers mostly in English. The opening song "Day of the Clipper" came from the group Schooner Fare, whom Makem and Clancy had recently seen in concert. When Schooner Fare saw Makem and Clancy in the audience they immediately changed their entire repertoire into Clancy songs, except for one song, "Day of the Clipper." After the show, Tommy and Liam told the fledging group they were a bit disappointed they sang stuff they knew, but they asked, "What was that other song?" They loved it so much, it was used as their opening number. 
Two songs from the album, "Red is the Rose" and "Morning Glory," became top ten hits in Ireland in 1979. The former song, for which Clancy sang the lead, rose to the third spot on the singles chart. Later in the year, "Morning Glory" reached the seventh position on the same chart. The title of the album was taken from a line in this song: "One for the morning glory, two for the early dew, three for the man who will stand his ground, and four for the love of you."
During the rest of the 1970s and early 1980s, they recorded several singles, some of which made it onto their compilation album, "Makem & Clancy Collection" in 1980. TV specials such as an on location show called "The Music Makers" followed.
In 1983, Makem and Clancy recorded their fifth album, "Makem & Clancy Live At the National Concert Hall". The album was recorded on 6 February 1983 at Dublin's National Concert Hall and included an acclaimed rendition of Tommy's Four Green Fields. The concert was also filmed for Irish television and PBS in America and included several songs not included on the album, such as Pete Seeger's Rainbow Race. "Little Beggarman" from this album features a wooden dancing marionette man manipulated by Liam to dance to the beat of the song. This version of the song reportedly received lots of airtime on radio and has become a favorite of many fans.
Break-up.
After a hiatus when they rejoined The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem for a reunion tour in 1984-1985, Makem and Clancy returned to the recording studio in 1986 to produce their final album together, "We've Come a Long Way". Not wishing to overstay their welcome or to let their material begin to go stale, the duo amicably broke up after thirteen years in 1988. Makem noted at the time that this was a "mutual decision" and that the two men remained friends. Both Clancy and Makem resumed the solo careers they had begun before reuniting in 1975.
Tommy Makem passed away in 2007. Liam Clancy died two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="5936038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936038" title="Perspectives in Biology and Medicine">
Perspectives in Biology and Medicine

Perspectives in Biology and Medicine is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1957. It publishes essays that explore biology and medicine in relation to their place in society. Authors write informally, presenting their "perspectives" as the title suggests. Topics covered are sometimes explicitly scientific, but might also extend into areas of philosophy, history, pedagogy, and medical practice. The journal is published quarterly by the Johns Hopkins University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="5936053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936053" title="Navigli">
Navigli

The navigli () were a system of navigable and interconnected canals around Milan, Italy.
The system consisted of five canals: Naviglio Grande, Naviglio Pavese, Naviglio Martesana, Naviglio di Paderno, Naviglio di Bereguardo. The first three were connected through Milan via the "Fossa Interna", also known as the Inner Ring. The urban section of the Naviglio Martesana was covered over at the beginning of the 1930s, together with the entire Inner Ring, thus sounding the death knell for the north-eastern canals. Commercial carrying continued on the Naviglio Grande, but the decline was steady and by the 1960s it was over for good.
Today, the canals are mostly derelict, unnavigable, or used for irrigation. However, plans are afoot to restore the Naviglio Grande and the Naviglio Pavese.

</doc>
<doc id="5936055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936055" title="Washington Crown Center">
Washington Crown Center

Washington Crown Center (formerly Franklin Mall) is a regional enclosed shopping mall in North Franklin Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania, just outside the city of Washington and south of Pittsburgh. The mall is anchored by Sears, Macy's, The Bon-Ton, Gander Mountain and Marshalls and Ross Dress for Less (opening in 2014).
History.
The mall opened in 1969 as Franklin Mall, with Troutman's, Sears and Grant City (which became Hills in 1976) as its anchors. Troutman's closed in 1984 and was sold to Pomeroy's, which in turn converted to The Bon-Ton in 1987. A 1985 expansion to the mall added Hess's and a new Hills, while converting the original Hills location to a food court and additional retail space.
In 1999, the mall was renamed Washington Crown Center and underwent a renovation. Among the changes were the addition of a movie theater on the site of the former Hess's, which closed four years prior; the conversion of Hills to Ames, and the addition of Kaufmann's as a fourth anchor. The Ames store closed in 2002 and became Gander Mountain in 2003, while Kaufmann's was converted to Macy's in 2006. In 2013 Marshalls replaced Old Navy. In 2014, Ross Dress for Less is set to take 25,000 square feet of former specialty retail shop space.

</doc>
<doc id="5936063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936063" title="Cathleen Schine">
Cathleen Schine

Cathleen Schine (born 1953) is an American author of several novels, including "Rameau's Niece" (1993). 
Her first book was "Alice in Bed" (1983), which was followed by "To The Birdhouse" (1990), "The Love Letter" (1995) and "The Evolution of Jane" (1998). "The Love Letter" was filmed in 1999. "Rameau's Niece" was filmed as "The Misadventures of Margaret" starring Parker Posey. "She Is Me" was released in November 2005 and her work "The New Yorkers: a novel" reached publication early 2007. Her novel "The Three Weissmanns of Westport," published in February 2010, was dubbed "compulsively readable" by "Publishers Weekly". "Fin & Lady" will be published in 2013.
Schine also wrote a Sunday Serial for "The New York Times Sunday Magazine", "The Dead and the Naked", which ran beginning September 9, 2007. One character, Miss Skattergoods, also appears in "The Love Letter". Schine is also a distinguished essayist and literary critic whose work appears frequently in "The New York Review of Books", "The New Yorker" and other publications. Her essay "Dog Trouble", which was originally published in The New Yorker, was included in The Best American Essays of 2005. 
Reviewer Leah Rozen in "People" magazine dubbed her "a modern-day Jewish Jane Austen."
Her ex-husband is the "New Yorker" film critic David Denby.

</doc>
<doc id="5936070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936070" title="Islam in Belgium">
Islam in Belgium

Islam is the largest minority religion in Belgium, practiced by an estimated 6% of the total population.The practise of Islam in Belgium is relatively new, and is mostly observed in the Belgian immigrant communities.
Population.
An 2011 estimation by Belgian academic Jan Hertogen shows that more than 900,000 people have a foreign background from Islamic countries.
An 2008 estimation shows that 6% of the Belgian population, about 628,751, is Muslim, either Sunni, Shia, Alevi, and a small population of Ahmadi. 
Muslims cover 25.5% of the population of Brussels, 4.0% of Wallonia and 3.9% of Flanders.
The majority of Belgian Muslims live in the major cities, such as Antwerp, Brussels and Charleroi.
According to estimates released in 2007 by sociologist Jan Hertogen, the largest group of immigrants in Belgium, numbering 264,974, are Moroccans. The Turks are the third-largest group, and the second-largest Muslim ethnic group, numbering 159,336. These estimates are criticized by the General Direction of Statistics and Economical Information (former National Institute for Statistics) because he simply added the global number of naturalized people without taking into account those who died or remigrated afterwards Other nationalities represented are mostly Arabs, Pakistanis and West Africans. No accurate numbers can be given as religious or ethnic censuses are forbidden in Belgium, and most people with roots in Islamic countries (including Christian Assyrian refugees from Turkey) took the Belgian nationality, their children born in Belgium are more and more born as Belgian citizens and thence do not appear in any statistics.
Moroccan and Turkish immigrants began coming in large numbers to Belgium starting in the 1960s as guest workers. Though the guest-worker program was abolished in 1974, many immigrants stayed and brought their families using family reunification laws. Today the Muslim community continues to grow through marriage migration. More than 60% of Moroccan and Turkish youth marry partners from their home countries.
Since 2009, Mohamed is the most popular given name in Brussels and Antwerp, Belgium's two largest cities.
Religious infrastructure.
In 1974 Islam was recognized as one of the subsidized religions in Belgium and the Muslim Executive of Belgium was founded in 1996. In 2006, the government gave €6.1 million (US$7.7 million) to Islamic groups. 
According to a 2005 Université Libre de Bruxelles study, about 10% of the Muslim population are "practicing Muslims."
There are an estimated 328 - 380
Issues.
According to a 2006 opinion poll, 61% of the Belgian population thought tensions between Muslims and other communities would increase in the future. 
Headscarf.
In December 2004, the Belgian government said it was considering a ban on the wearing of any conspicuous religious symbols for civil servants.
In June 2005 the Antwerp Court of Appeal ruled that it was outside the jurisdiction of the state to determine whether Islam requires women to wear a headscarf and that girls in public schools have the right to do so. However, the school board also has the authority to restrict that right for organizational reasons, or for the good functioning of the school, though it must justify any such restrictions.
At the end of 2005, approximately twenty municipalities had issued a ban on walking the streets completely veiled. In a few cases women were fined €150 (US$190) for ignoring the ban. Under a 1993 executive order, persons in the streets must be identifiable. A veil which does not completely cover the body is however allowed.
Terrorism.
Several terror plots in the early 2000's involved muslims.
On 30 September 2003, a Belgian court convicted 18 men for involvement in a terror cell. Nizar Trabelsi was sentenced to 10 years for plotting a suicide attack against the NATO air base at Kleine Brogel. Tarek Maaroufi, of the Tunisian Combat Group, was sentenced to six years in prison for his role in a Brussels-based fake passport ring that supplied fake Belgian passports to the men who assassinated former Afghan Northern Alliance commander Ahmed Shah Massoud two days before the September 11 attacks.
In October 2004, a Belgian court sentenced eight Islamic militants to prison terms of up to 5 years for plotting attacks and for links to Al Qaeda. According to prosecutors, Saber Mohammed received three phone calls from senior Al Qaeda figure Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, which he was believed to be forwarding for colleagues. Also convicted was Tarek Maaroufi.
On November 9, 2005, Muriel Degauque, a Belgian convert to Islam, committed a suicide car bomb attack against a U.S. military convoy south of Baghdad.

</doc>
<doc id="5936082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936082" title="Partanna">
Partanna

Partanna is a town and "comune" in South-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani. It has 11,427 inhabitants as of 2004. It is south-west of Trapani.

</doc>
<doc id="5936104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936104" title="WSSS-LP">
WSSS-LP

WSSS-LP is a low-power television station in Steubenville, Ohio, broadcasting locally on channel 29 as an affiliate of MTV2. The station is owned by Benjamin Perez and licensed to Abacus Television.
History.
The station began transmission as a low-power class station in May 1998 on channel 25 as The Box, an automated music video channel. Like most over-the-air station airing The Box WSSS-LP became an affiliate of MTV2 after The Box was acquired by Viacom in 2001. 
Due to nearby KDKA-TV commencing digital broadcasts on channel 25 WSSS-LP was temporarily forced off the air. The station returned to the air in July 2001 on channel 29 as a Class-A station.
Call Sign.
This station is not related to the former WSSS-FM in Charlotte, North Carolina, WKQC-FM (owned by CBS Radio).

</doc>
<doc id="5936105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936105" title="Hagfish (band)">
Hagfish (band)

Hagfish were an American rock band originated in Sherman, TX who rose to notoriety via performances in the Deep Ellum district of Dallas, Texas, drawing influences from both punk rock and alternative rock. The lineup included lead vocalist George Stroud Reagan III, guitarist Zach Blair, bassist Doni Blair and drummer Tony Barsotti for the majority of the bands career, including nearly all of their recorded work. Formed by the Blair brothers in 1991, Hagfish emerged with contemporaries Tripping Daisy and Toadies as part of the 1990s Dallas/Fort Worth alternative rock scene and were also heavily influenced by the Descendents/All, whose members recorded and produced two of the bands studio albums. After officially disbanding in 2001, Hagfish have reunited occasionally for live performances.
History.
Formation, early years and "Buick Men" (1991–1994).
Hagfish was formed in Dallas, Texas when brothers, guitarist Zach Blair and bassist Doni Blair met drummer Banning Lyon after his band Conniption Fit broke up in the early 1990s. Their collective chemistry lead the trio to pursue frontman James Newhouse, formerly of the band Terminal Rot, who would fill the position. During this time period, Hagfish began performing locally, opening for such bands as All, Swervedriver and Poster Children. A demo tape was released following the contrasting sensibility of punk band the Descendents, with tracks like "Tallman", about the middle finger and "Maybe", a love song composed by Lyon.
Tensions between Lyon and the Blair brothers culminated in Lyon leaving the band and John Frum took over on drums, bringing with him guitarist Mike Brown to fill out the sound. This lineup pushed the quintet into new territory, and although popular with fans, the band was collapsing due to internal conflict. Newhouse was fired from the group and later died in a car accident in October 1994. The Blair brothers severed ties with Frum and Brown after an attempted recording project, bringing with them the Hagfish moniker. The pair briefly reunited with Lyon and began searching for a singer, finding George Stroud Reagan III during a rehearsal at Musician's Exchange in Dallas.
After Lyon departed for the second time, drummer Scott Carter joined Hagfish in 1993, who along with the Blair brothers and Reagan, began work on "Buick Men", the group's debut studio album. During the recording sessions Carter was replaced with drummer Tony Barsotti, the last lineup change to occur within the band for what would prove to be a near decade run together. The album was released later that year on Dragon Street Records, who had issued the debut album by local companions Tripping Daisy, the previous year. "Buick Men" was followed up with a four song 7" vinyl EP on BYO Records in 1994.
"Rocks Your Lame Ass" and touring (1995–1997).
With a permanent lineup in place, Hagfish signed to London Records and entered The Blasting Room in Fort Collins, Colorado to record their next album with producers Bill Stevenson and Stephen Egerton (members of the Descendents and All), who also engineered and mixed the sessions. In addition to six brand new tracks, many songs from "Buick Men" were re-recorded with much sleeker production to create the album "Rocks Your Lame Ass", released June 27, 1995. 
To promote the release, Hagfish embarked on their first major tour with Bad Brains. Immediately following the release of "Rocks Your Lame Ass", a long year of constant touring ensued supporting the likes of Everclear, Save Ferris, NOFX, The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, The Offspring, Face to Face, Die Toten Hosen, The Reverend Horton Heat and the Supersuckers. The band made an infamous appearance on KROQ's "Loveline" on August 16, 1995, after the suggestion of host Riki Rachtman, which revolved heavily around flatulence and the cult porn film "Let My Puppets Come". "Rocks Your Lame Ass" would go on to become the most successful Hagfish release, with singles for "Stamp" and "Happiness" both issued along with accompanying music videos that appeared on MTV's "120 Minutes". In 1996, Hagfish was voted best Alternative Rock/Pop act by the Dallas Observer. 
However, the momentum never translated into album sales and after numerous arguments with the bands label, the follow-up album was rejected by London Records, who subsequently dropped the group. "Unidentified" would be the only song from these sessions to transpire when it was made available as a free download on the bands official website. The album would eventually be reworked, re-recorded and released independently. In 1997, Hagfish issued their second 7" vinyl EP, this time on Go-Kart Records.
"Hagfish", Coldfront releases and breakup (1998–2001).
Following a long delay with their former record label, Hagfish returned to The Blasting Room with Stevenson and Egerton, who reprised their roles as producers to record the band's third album. This recording attempt proved successful and the self-titled "Hagfish" saw release on March 24, 1998. The album was issued through Honest Don's Records, a subsidiary label of Fat Wreck Chords. Two songs featured on "Hagfish" previously appeared as b-sides to the "Happiness" single, which included an early version of "18 Days" (originally titled "New Year's Song") and a live version of "Twisting", a They Might Be Giants cover. The band again toured in support of the release.
Hagfish released the live album "Caught Live" on March 2, 1999, produced by the Blair brothers and the first of three releases for Coldfront Records. The performance was captured in October 1998 at Trees in Dallas and included material from both "Rocks Your Lame Ass" and "Hagfish", as well as the non-album tracks "Grin Doggy" and "Moaner". In 2000, the band released a limited edition interview disc with their "Loveline" appearance from 1995, originally available as the final track of the "Happiness" single. The compilation album, "That Was Then, This Is Then" saw release in 2001, including b-sides, previously unreleased material and compilation tracks. That same year the bands touring stopped and several breakups soon followed.
Reunions and post breakup.
Since the official breakup in 2001, the band members would go on to other projects, as well as participating together in sporadic reunions. On April 18, 2003, Hagfish reunited and performed at the Gypsy Tea Room in their hometown of Dallas. With the inclusion of three new songs in the set, the group announced plans to release a fourth studio album in late 2003 or early 2004. The following month they toured with Lagwagon and continued to play locally throughout the year, making an appearance at the Buzz-Oven Festival. However, the official website last updated on March 7, 2004, would fall dormant and to date, no new Hagfish album has surfaced. On June 18, 2006, the band reunited for another performance at the Gypsy Tea Room.
Following the groups initial split, the Blair brothers continued working in various bands together over the next several years. They formed Armstrong and released "Dick, the Lion-Hearted" in 2002, featuring Gwar drummer Brad Roberts. Four songs from the album were originally co-written by Zach Blair and George Reagan, intended for release on the rejected Hagfish album. The Blair brothers joined Only Crime in 2003 with longtime friend and Hagfish producer Bill Stevenson (of the Descendents, All and Black Flag), along with founding members Russ Rankin (of Good Riddance) and Aaron Dalbec (of Bane). This lineup released two albums, "To the Nines" and "Virulence", before the Blair brothers would move on to other projects. In 2006, the Blair brothers and Stevenson appeared with instrumental band The Mag Seven on the album "The Future Is Ours, If You Can Count".
After the breakup of Hagfish, Reagan went on to homegrown hip hop group The Brothers, but mainly moved his focus to his two children, while Tony Barsotti started his own furniture design company. Prior to Hagfish disbanding, Zach Blair played with Gwar as Flattus Maximus from 1999–2002, appearing on the live album "You're All Worthless and Weak", in addition to the bands eighth studio album, "Violence Has Arrived". Zach Blair would later become lead guitarist for Rise Against in 2007, touring with the group before making his debut on the album "Appeal to Reason" the following year. In 2011, the band released "Endgame", their most successful album to date, peaking at No. 2 on the US "Billboard 200". That year, Reagan created "Hagfish is Dead", a blog that covers topics ranging from band recommendations to notable music videos. Doni Blair joined the Toadies following their reformation and release of "No Deliverance" in 2008, touring behind the album and its follow-up, "Feeler". He will make his first recorded appearance with the group on "Play.Rock.Music", released on July 31, 2012.
Discography.
Extended plays.
Note that like the bands final studio album, both EPs are self-titled.

</doc>
<doc id="5936110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936110" title="Ohio State Route 86">
Ohio State Route 86

State Route 86 (SR 86) is an east–west state highway in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. Running more southeast-northwest, its western terminus is at US 20 in Painesville, and its eastern terminus is at SR 534 near Windsor.
A significant section of SR 86 was rerouted south of Painesville 2007-2008 in a project proposed since the early 1980s. The southern portion of this section, just north of I-90, was rerouted during the 2007 construction season, and the northern, bypassing a section with a history of slope sliding, in 2008, with the road opening in full on October 31. The SR 84/86 overlap was subsequently extended approximately a half-mile.
Prior to August 17, 2007, SR 86 overlapped with SR 534 from their intersection to US 322 in Windsor. That overlap has since been removed, with that stretch of road becoming solely SR 534.

</doc>
<doc id="5936117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936117" title="Cayuga duck">
Cayuga duck

A Cayuga Duck is a medium-class domesticated duck breed that has been a popular variety in the USA since the mid-19th century. They are used for egg and meat production, as well as an ornamental bird.
History.
The Cayuga name is taken from Cayuga Lake, one of the lakes in the Finger Lakes region of New York State, where the breed was popularized.
Writers on the derivation of the Cayuga Duck have, over time, made more or less the same assertions regarding its origin; these are: it is descended from either pure American Black Ducks ("Anas rubripes"; syn. "A. obscura"), or is the result of hybrids between that species and the Mallard or some domesticated variety, and it was first held in a captive state by a miller in Dutchess County around 1809. There is evidence to support one portion of this theory, but, mostly, it is an inaccurate assumption; as will be explained.
John James Audubon, the naturalist and artist, mentions early domestication of the Dusky Duck ("Anas obscura", of Audubon) as related to him prior to 1843. The text freely interchanges the name "Dusky" and "Black"; the relevant passage is given here, in part:
 "My friend, the Reverend Dr. JOHN BACHMAN, assures me that this bird, which some years ago was rather scarce in South Carolina, is now becoming quite abundant in that state ... After feeding a few weeks on the seeds it becomes fat, juicy, and tender. ... He also informs me that he has known hybrid broods produced by a male of this species and the common domestic Duck; and that he had three of these hybrid females, the eggs of all of which were productive. The young birds were larger than either of their parents, but although they laid eggs in the course of the following spring, not one of these proved impregnated. He further states that he procured three nests of the Dusky Duck in the State of New York.
 "The young of this species, in the early part of autumn, afford delicious eating, and, in my estimation, are much superior in this respect to the more celebrated Canvass-back Duck. That the species should not before now have been brought into a state of perfect domestication, only indicates our reluctance unnecessarily to augment the comforts which have been so bountifully accorded by Nature to the inhabitants of our happy country."
Although no date is assigned to it, the above text is a perfectly acceptable account of early hybridisation between the Dusky/Black Duck and a variety of domestic duck, as known to Dr. Bachman. However, this evidence has never been included by any writers on the history of the Cayuga Duck.
Writing in 1848, Richard L. Allen, recommends the "common black duck" as being the most profitable for domestic use, as they laid between forty to fifty eggs and sometimes even more, if kept from sitting.
An article that appears to be the first public announcement of the Cayuga Duck – it does not name its subject and is under the title "Variety of Ducks" – is found in "The Cultivator", 1851. This article states the birds bore a striking resemblance to the wild Black Duck and had been bred distinct from any other variety for at least twenty years. Some birds had been obtained in Orange County around the year 1840 by Mr. John S. Clarke and taken to his farm at Throopsville, Cayuga County. Mr. Clarke says of the birds:
 "The characteristics of this variety are, nearly a uniform color (a little darker than the wild black-duck), good size, attaining the weight of eight pounds, dressed, at four months old, very quiet and very prolific, one duck laying from 150 to 200 eggs in a season with proper care. There are some in this vicinity which have lately acquired a top-knot, equal to any fowl." 
Luther Tucker, the editor of "The Cultivator", concludes:
 "We have lately received from Mr. Clarke a pair of these ducks which fully answer the above description. The drake has a top-knot in perfection."
The large size of Mr. Clarke’s ducks and the high number of eggs produced by one of them suggests they were not of pure Black Duck lineage, which weigh 2½ to 3 lbs each and produce an average clutch of 10 eggs. The reference to a recently acquired “top-knot,” indicates there had been either an infusion of Crested Duck blood, or Mr. Clarke's dark-coloured birds were possibly derived from Crested Ducks; in American poultry literature of 1843, the domestic Crested Duck is stated to produce in excess of one hundred eggs in a year, indicating it had been known in America prior that date.
The first mention of the name "Cayuga Black Duck", that the writer has found, is in 1853, when T. B. Miner wrote he obtained birds from Dr. Eban Wight. How Dr. Wight came by his birds is not stated; he says: "This variety of duck has been bred by Mr. J. S. Clarke, of Cayuga County, N.Y., for near twenty years does not exactly correspond with John S. Clarke’s account., and is undoubtedly a cross between some wild variety, and the domestic duck." Dr. Wight states the breed had been exhibited at the Birmingham (USA) Poultry Show. There was a breed class for “Black Cayuga Ducks” at the Maryland State Agricultural Society Show held at Baltimore in 1853.
In Britain, in 1855, attention was drawn to the Cayuga Duck with the reproduction of Miner’s article (1853) in "The Poultry Chronicle"; in which the contributor refers to the cross mentioned above: “This Black Duck I suspect to be the same as the large variety of the so-called Buenos Ayrean Ducks, and the cross spoken of to refer to the Brazilian Musk Duck.”
Little has been found written about the Cayuga Duck over the following eight years. The editors of "The Cultivator" received "a pair of plump black Cayuga Ducks" from D. L. Halsey, Esq., of Victory, Cayuga County, in 1858.
In 1860, Mr. John R. Page of Cayuga County, N.Y., exhibited some "Cayuga Black Ducks", at the New York State Fair, each weighing 9 lbs. at six months old. An article, taken from the "Boston Cultivator", mentioning Mr. Page and giving the weights of an assortment of his Cayuga Black Ducks, but no specific account of their origin, appears in the English press in 1862.
The Report to the US Secretary of Agriculture (1863) contains:
 "The State of New York at its later agricultural shows has awarded premiums to a dark-colored strain of ducks called the Black Cayuga. It is claimed that this is a hybrid variety resulting from the pairing of a wild black duck and a common one."
However, the article most often reported as evidence of the Cayuga Duck’s origin is that written by Caleb N. Bement (farmer, agricultural and poultry writer, and promoter of the name "African Goose"), which appeared simultaneously on both sides of the Atlantic in October 1863. Bement's article, the "Cayuga Black Duck—Its History, Origin, &c.," dated August 17, 1863, states that little was known about this variety's origin and assigns the "Wild Duck (Anas obscuria )" as the breed’s sole progenitor. Bement claims the species had been domesticated in several locations some fifty years previously and endorses this by giving:
"In the year 1812", says Dr. Bachman, in a note addressed to Mr. Audubon, "I saw in Duchess county in the State of New York, at the house of a miller, a fine flock of Ducks, to the number of at least thirty, which from their peculiar appearance struck me as different from any I had before seen among the different varieties of the tame Duck. On inquiry, I was informed that three years before a pair of these Ducks had been captured in the mill-pond. ... One joint of the wing was taken off to prevent their flying away. ... The family of the miller used them occasionally as food. They considered them equal in flavour to the common Duck, and were easily reared. The old males were more beautiful than any I have examined since, and as yet domestication has produced no variety in their plumage." 
To this, Bement adds an account received from Mr. Page, in which the perfect Cayuga Black Duck is described as being "black with a white collar or white flecks in neck and breast—rarely black without white." 
Mr. Page also supplied the first, known, illustration of the breed (Fig. 2.) clearly showing "ex-curls"; whereas the male Dusky/Black Duck ("Anas rubripes") does not exhibit "sex-curls" as found in the plumage of the male Mallard ("Anas platyrhynchos") and the Mallard’s domesticated descendants.
Foot-note: Audubon/Bachman gives Dutchess county; whereas in Bement’s transcription Duchess county is given. 
The ducks mentioned in this Bachman/Audubon communication are not named; they are reported to be different from any variety of tame or domestic duck; they are not described as to colour and in plumage they had not deviated from their original form. However, these statements do not refer to the Dusky/Black Duck ("Anas rubripes"; syn. "obscura"). 
Where Bement could have taken the Bachman/Audubon account of the Dusky/Black Duck’s domestication, he used another Bachman/Audubon letter that refers to the Gadwall Duck ("Anas strepera").
Bement rectified his error when he wrote an article on ducks in 1867, by omitting the Bachman letter in the text on the Cayuga and placing it in its correct context – in the text on the “Gadwell ,” - and relating only Mr. Page’s account of the Cayuga Black Duck. (Curiously, the Cayuga Duck is not mentioned in any edition of Bement’s book ).
Conclusion:
Bement's "evidence", in the form of the Bachman/Audubon letter referring to the Gadwall Duck must be disallowed in the history of the Cayuga Black Duck; and the long propounded assumption that the Cayuga Duck originated from pure "Anas rubripes" stock held in captivity from 1809 by a miller in Dutchess County is immediately discredited.
From the available written accounts the earliest approximate date that can be ascribed to the emergence of the Cayuga Black Duck is 1830; and probably from hybrids, as witnessed by Dr. Bachman.
The American Poultry Society published its standard for the Cayuga Duck in 1867. Lewis Wright states that Cayuga Ducks were sent to him in Britain, from America, in 1871; and the breed first appears in the British Poultry Club Standards in 1874.
This breed of duck is listed as threatened by the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy.
Characteristics.
The Cayuga breed is in the "medium class" and has been a recognized breed of the American Poultry Association since 1874. the standard weight for adult males is 8 pounds and females 7 pounds. The Cayuga are characterized by a black bill and black plumage, which is an iridescent beetle green in the correct light. In breeding, an emphasis is put on correct coloration, carriage, and a large breast. The Cayuga Duck has dark brown eyes, black shanks, and toes, except in old drakes where some orange shading may appear. Ducklings have black plumage. For exhibition presence of white color in the outer plumage is a disqualification. It is also well liked by many as a great yard pet as they tend to stay close to home.
For those who wish to keep ducks, but live close to others that would make keeping the Pekin breed impractical because of the loud quack, the Cayuga Duck may be an alternative. Its quack is not as loud except the females are quite vocal while often the male is mute. The temperament of the Cayuga is docile, and adult Cayuga Ducks enjoy eating snails, slugs, and most other insects.
The Cayuga Duck will more often sit on and hatch her eggs than other domestic breeds of duck. Incubation for the eggs is 28 days. When using an incubator the temperature should be 99.5 °F at 86% humidity for days 1–25, and 98.5 °F at 94% humidity for days 26–28.

</doc>
<doc id="5936131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936131" title="Chakri (music director)">
Chakri (music director)

Chakradhar (Known as Chakri Gilla ) (born 15 June 1974) is an Indian music composer and singer. He works for Tollywood.
Early life.
Chakri was born in Mahabubabad, Warangal district, Andhra Pradesh. He has one brother and three sisters.
Career.
Chakri composed music for around 85 movies so far. He started his career as music director with the Movie Bachi directed by Puri Jagannadh. As a composer he introduced many new talents (Singers and Lyricist). He won best singer award for movie Sathyam in tollywood filmfare awards and Nandi award for movie Simha.
He is generally considered to have hits in the month of January, which is considered to be Sankranthi (a Telugu festival) season in Andhra Pradesh. This is due to hits such as "Devadasu" (2006), "Desamuduru" (2007), "Krishna" (2008) and "Maska" (2009) in straight years during Sankranthi.
Personal life.
Chakri is married to sravani from Godavarikhani.

</doc>
<doc id="5936136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936136" title="Representation of the People Act 1985">
Representation of the People Act 1985

The Representation of the People Act 1985 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning British electoral law. 
The Act allows British citizens who are resident outside the United Kingdom to qualify as "overseas electors" in the constituency for which they were last registered for a period of five years after they have left (this was subsequently changed to 20 years and is now 15 years). Expatriate electors were able to register as overseas electors at British consular posts, starting in the summer of 1986. When registered, expatriate voters were eligible to vote by proxy at any Parliamentary or European Parliament elections which were held after the 1987 register came into force on 16 February, 1987. It was estimated that half-a-million British expatriates were enfranchised by the Act.
The Act also made British people abroad on holiday eligible to vote by postal ballot or by proxy, as well as those who were not reasonably expected to be able to by being physically present at the polling station.
The Act modified the rules concerning deposits in Parliamentary elections. Previously the deposit had been £150 and was under this Act raised to £500. The percentage of votes needed to retain the deposit was lowered from 12½% to 5%. The deposit for election to the European Parliament were raised from £600 to £700.

</doc>
<doc id="5936137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936137" title="The Final Kiss">
The Final Kiss

The Final Kiss, also known as "Blood on the Guitar", is a 2005 drama film that was directed by Scott Shaw.
Plot.
This film follows the exploits of two rock stars "Nick Cross" and "Christian", who are played by "Scott Shaw" and Kenneth H. Kim respectively. The Christian character recruits "Nick Cross" to reenter the world of Rock n' Roll but he is far too lost in his use of heroin to move forward with the project. This leads to the ongoing degeneration of the primary characters and their individual girlfriends until several members of the cast either die from the use of drugs or the gunplay generated by the "Nick Cross" character due to his anger at these deaths.
Style.
As is the case with virtually all of the film work of "Scott Shaw" this film follows a non-linear storyline, interrupted by music video style soundtrack and edits. It also references Blacksploitation Cinema. The nemesis in this film is played by Kevin Thompson. His characters name is "Priest". 
This feature was filmed in the Haight Ashbury section of San Francisco and in Hollywood, California.
This film is considered a "Zen Film" in that it was created in the distinct style of filmmaking formulated by Scott Shaw known as Zen Filmmaking. In this style of filmmaking no scripts are used.

</doc>
<doc id="5936139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936139" title="Thinking Clearly">
Thinking Clearly

Thinking Clearly is the third album by Mannafest, before the band changed their name to Edison and later to Edison Glass.

</doc>
<doc id="5936144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936144" title="Freeduc-cd">
Freeduc-cd

Freeduc is a French Linux live CD using Xfce, realized with the help of UNESCO.
See also.
Freeduc website

</doc>
<doc id="5936152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936152" title="Josef Jadassohn">
Josef Jadassohn

Joseph (Josef) Jadassohn (September 10, 1863, Liegnitz – March 24, 1936, Zurich) was a German dermatologist.
Biography.
He was an assistant to Albert Neisser at the Allerheiligen Hospital in Breslau until 1892, the director of the university skin clinic in Bern (1896-1917), and later a professor of dermatology at Breslau University (1917-1932).
Jadassohn was among the first to take an immunological approach in research of dermatological disorders, and contributed to the understanding of the immunopathology of tuberculosis and trichophytosis. He was a pioneer in the field of allergology, and is credited for introducing patch testing for diagnosis of contact dermatitis. In 1901 he described a rare childhood dermatological disorder known as "granulosis rubra nasi".
Conditions.
Two dermatological disorders that are named after him are: "Jadassohn's disease I" (a skin disorder originating at the elbow) and "Jadassohn's disease II" (a natal skin disorder affecting the face and scalp). Together with his assistants, Walter Dössekker (1868-1962), Max Tièche (1878-1938) and Felix Lewandowsky (1879-1921), he shares the following eponymous medical conditions:
Literary works.
Jadassohn published a revision of Edmund Lesser’s "Lehrbuch der Haut- und Geschlechtskrankheiten" (14th edition, 1927-30), and from 1927 published the multi-volume "Handbuch für Haut- und Geschlechtskrankheiten". Other noted written works of his include:

</doc>
<doc id="5936157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936157" title="Hugh I, Count of Empúries">
Hugh I, Count of Empúries

Hugh I ("Hugo" or "Hug") (c. 965 – 1040), Count of Empúries from 991, was the son of Gausfred I and his first wife, Ava, daughter of Raymond II of Rouergue.
By the testament of his father, dated 969, Hugh was to receive the county of Ampurias while his brother Giselbert received that of Roussillon. The division took place on the death of Gausfred, but on the death of Giselbert in 1014, Hugh tried to reunify the counties and invaded the county of his nephew, Gausfred II. Gausfred obtained the help of Bernard I of Besalú and the Abbot Oliva and the two relations arrived a peace in 1020.
Hugh made a career of harassing his neighbours. Ermesinda of Carcassonne, the widow of Ramon Borrell, Count of Barcelona, reclaimed the allod of Ullastrell, which had been sold by Borrell and subsequently invaded by Hugh. In 1019, a judicial synod in Girona, presided over by Oliva and Bernard, devolved the allod to Ermesinda. At about this time, Hugh made enemies of the church by seizing the monastery of San Salvador de Verdera.

</doc>
<doc id="5936159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936159" title="Brothers Cider">
Brothers Cider

Brothers Cider is a brand of pear cider originating in Somerset in South West England, available at music festivals, pubs, bars and stores across the United Kingdom. It is now available internationally in countries such as Turkey, Singapore and Australia.
History.
Brothers Drinks Co. Limited was started in 1992 by four Showering brothers, whose parents enjoyed great success with Babycham from the 1950s. It is based in Shepton Mallet, Somerset and employs 110 people. Brothers' Cider is fermented and bottled on the former site of the Anglo-Bavarian Brewery, which was also the first place in the UK to brew lager-style beer.
In 1995, Michael Eavis offered the Brothers space for a bar at the Glastonbury Festival, near the Jazz World Stage, but with sales restricted to Perry-based drinks. When the offer of “Perry” was met with little understanding the Brothers would describe it as “like cider but made from pears” and after repeating this tens of thousands of times the shorthand “Pear Cider” was introduced and understood. For the next ten years the Brothers' Bar became increasingly popular so that in 2005, due to the level of requests for the product from festival goers, Brothers was packaged and launched into pubs and the retail trade.
In 2009, Brothers Cider won a Cool Brand award at The Drum Marketing Awards.
In 2013 a new range of premium packaging was launched, for the company with a turnover of £46 million per annum.
Festivals.
Brothers has expanded from their one site at the Glastonbury Festival to attend a number of live music events and festivals each year. These include events such as Big Beach Boutique, Creamfields and the Glade Festival. Brothers can also be found at international festivals such Peats Ridge in Australia.
Current flavours.
Brothers Cider is available in a number of flavours:

</doc>
<doc id="5936173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936173" title="John Carter Vincent">
John Carter Vincent

John Carter Vincent (August 19, 1900 – December 3, 1972) was an American diplomat, Foreign Service Officer, and China Hand. Born in Seneca, Kansas,Vincent graduated from Mercer University in 1923 and was appointed Foreign Service Officer in the same year. He then served in Changsha, Hankow, Swatow, Peking, Mukden, Nanking, and Dairen, before becoming Counsellor to the American Embassy in Chongqing in 1942. He became Director of the Bureau of Far Eastern Affairs in 1945, then Envoy to Switzerland, 1947-51. He was diplomatic agent in Tangier 1951-52, before being forced to resign from the Foreign Service in 1952. He retired to Cambridge, Massachusetts and died there in 1972.
Wartime Activities.
Vincent was among the China Hands who wanted to gather intelligence from and provide material to the Communist armies, then part of the Allied coalition in the war against Japan and ostensibly under Chiang's command. When Vincent and other China Hands, including John Service accompanied Vice-President Henry Wallace on a state visit to the Soviet Union and Chongqing in June, 1944, he helped to persuade the Generalissimo to finally grant permission for the Dixie Mission, which opened contact with the Communist base areas. According to the New York Times: The China experts, traveling through the areas controlled by various warlords, reported that Chiang's Nationalist Party, the Kuomintang, was dragging its feet, reserving its American-supplied arms for an eventual showdown with the Communists. The old China hands predicted that in such a fight, the Communists would win. They called instead for American pressure on Chiang to reform his Government and direct his forces against the Japanese, in cooperation with the Communists. "Selfish and corrupt, incapable and obstructive," were a few of the words Mr. Service used to describe the Chiang Government in a 1944 memo to General Stilwell. Vincent and the China Hands also argued that the Chinese Communists had their own genuine domestic roots that might trump any ideological loyalty to the USSR, as was occurring at the time with Tito's Yugoslavia. The defenders of the China Hands argued that it was exactly this perspective in China policy that Nixon and Kissinger began to implement in 1972.
End of career.
In 1951 Vincent was attacked by Senator Joseph McCarthy and accused of having been a member of the Communist Party by former Party activist Louis F. Budenz. Budenz testified in the summer of 1951 that Vincent had been a member of the Communist Party. Budenz, however, indicated he had no personal knowledge of this, basing his opinion on what he claimed had overheard other party leaders say when discussing the anti-communism of Ambassador Patrick Hurley, whom they disliked and hoped Vincent would replace.
Similar accusations were made against all the China Hands, based on their allegations of ineptitude and corruption of Chiang Kai Shek's regime. After having been cleared by numerous administrative security panels of any disloyalty, in December 1952 the Civil Service Loyalty Review Board by a one vote margin found reasonable doubt regarding Vincent's loyalty and in 1953 Secretary Dulles requested Vincent's resignation. Dean Acheson, Truman's Secretary of State, as he had with Alger Hiss, steadfastly defended Vincent. Acheson felt that Vincent, like the China Hands generally, was being unfairly and demagogically maligned for honestly conveying inconvenient facts and tried to intervene with Dulles to save Vincent's career.
He died on December 3, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="5936174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936174" title="Washington Mall">
Washington Mall

Washington Mall is a mostly defunct enclosed shopping mall located in South Strabane Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania, just outside the city of Washington, formerly managed by J J Gumberg Co. and now by Oxford Development Company. It is owned by Falconi, a local developer which also owns a number of properties throughout Washington County. Its anchor, JCPenney, closed in February 2007 and relocated to the defunct Foundry shopping center less than a mile away in March 2007; however, due to ground settling problems at the aforementioned retail complex and financial difficulties with the property owner, JCPenney moved back to the Washington Mall in mid-September 2008. As of January 15, 2014, it was announced that the JCPenney location at the mall will be closing in May along with 32 other Penney stores that are considered underperforming.
As of October 2008, the remaining tenants include Staples, Toys R Us, JoAnn Fabrics, and The Home Depot. Only JoAnn Fabrics have an entrance from inside the mall. Pavlov's Place, a boarding and training facility for dogs, opened in 2006.
The mall was at one time the preeminent place for shopping in Washington. Up until the 1990s, it was indeed faring its own. However, as the crosstown rival Franklin Mall (now Washington Crown Center) was expanded and completely remodeled, Washington Mall was severely affected by this. There have been plans to demolish and rebuild the mall as a strip shopping center, although nothing has materialized.

</doc>
<doc id="5936193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936193" title="Salaparuta">
Salaparuta

Salaparuta is a town and "comune" in South-Western Sicily, Italy, in the valley of the Belice river, administratively part of the province of Trapani. It had 1,781 inhabitants as of 2007.
In 1968 the original site of the town was near epicentre of the Belice Valley earthquake. As a result, Salaparuta was completely destroyed and rebuilt not far from the original location. The current Salaparuta is still home to many of the citizens of the old town. 
Salaparuta is popularly known for its Salaparuta DOC wine production, also the main income source for the town.

</doc>
<doc id="5936199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936199" title="SS Drottningholm">
SS Drottningholm

RMS "Virginian" was a steam turbine powered transatlantic ocean liner, launched in 1904 for the Allan Line. She operated from 1920 to 1948 for the Swedish American Line as SS "Drottningholm".
Career.
Built in 1905 by Alexander Stephen and Sons in Glasgow for the Allan Line of Canada. Commissioned as SS "Virginian", she served the Allan Line, as a sistership to from 1905 until 1920. In 1912, she was one of several ships in wireless radio communication with , giving iceberg warnings, and at one point erroneous wireless messages had "Virginian" towing "Titanic" to Halifax, Nova Scotia and that all on board "Titanic" were safe. Such a report appeared in the "Daily Mirror" on 16 April 1912. During World War I she served as a troop transport ship for Canada. On 21 August 1917 she was damaged by the German submarine "U-102".
In 1920, she was sold to the Swedish American Line and renamed SS "Drottningholm", serving Sweden until 1948.
From 1948–1955 she sailed for the Home Lines of Italy, first as SS "Brasil" and from 1951 as SS "Homeland".

</doc>
<doc id="5936215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936215" title="Yellow Head, Maine">
Yellow Head, Maine

Yellow Head is a small coastal village in the Lincoln County, in the US state of Maine. It is located on Pemaquid peninsula, 1.1 nm south of New Harbor, Maine and north of Pemaquid Lighthouse.

</doc>
<doc id="5936217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936217" title="Alicia Mastandrea">
Alicia Mastandrea

Alicia Ester Mastandrea is an Argentine Radical Civic Union (UCR) politician, formerly representing Chaco Province in the Argentine Senate, now a provincial deputy in that Province. 
Mastandrea attended the National University of La Plata, where she was active in the students' union. She graduated in 1974 as an architect. She became director of planning for the municipality of Resistencia, Chaco in 1980 and also began to teach in her field at the Universidad Nacional del Nordeste in Resistencia. In 1992 she became a junior minister in the government of Resistencia, and in 1996 she moved to the government of Chaco Province.
Over the same period, Mastandrea became involved in the UCR, holding leading positions in the province. She was elected a senator in 2001 and represented the province on the UCR national committee 2003-5. She chaired the Senate committee on Industry and Trade. 
Mastandrea left the Senate in 2007 and was elected a provincial deputy for the Front for Everyone in Chaco. She was sworn in as President of the Provincial Chamber of Deputies.

</doc>
<doc id="5936220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936220" title="Helen Andelin">
Helen Andelin

Helen Berry Andelin (May 22, 1920 – June 7, 2009) was the founder of the Fascinating Womanhood Movement, beginning with the women's marriage classes she taught in the early 1960s. Controversial among feminists for its advice toward women's fulfilling traditional marriage roles, her writings are still supported and re-discovered as recently as 2012, with classes still being taught on-line and in seminars.
Biography.
Early life.
The year 1920 saw the birth of daughter Helen to Dr. Herbert and Mrs. Anna May Berry of Mesa, Arizona. Helen was the youngest of seven children in this Latter-day Saint (LDS) household. In her teens, Helen worked in a malt shop and at her parents' hotel. She graduated from Phoenix Union High School and attended Brigham Young University, where she majored in Home Economics.
Love and marriage.
At Brigham Young University, she met and married Aubrey Passey Andelin, son of Aubrey Olof and Gladys Passey Andelin. Aubrey graduated from the University of Southern California School of Dentistry and practiced dentistry in Central California for many years. Dr. and Mrs. Andelin became the parents of eight children, four sons and four daughters. One of her sons is well known marble sculptor John Andelin
"Fascinating Womanhood".
Helen Berry Andelin authored the book "Fascinating Womanhood" in 1963 to correspond with marriage enrichment classes that she taught in Central California. Mrs. Andelin sold 400,000 copies from her garage through a publishing firm she and her husband founded, Pacific Press. She based the classes and her book on a set of pamphlets that were published in the 1920s and 1930s, "The Secrets of Fascinating Womanhood." The classes started with an enrollment of eight women and grew to the point that many hundreds of women taught Fascinating Womanhood classes.
"Fascinating Womanhood" spawned a grassroots movement. Going against the "second wave" feminist tide of the 1960s and beyond, the classes and book focused on women being traditional wives and mothers. The classes continue to this day, being held in several countries, including the United States, Japan, Australia, Mexico, and the Philippines.
The first online Fascinating Womanhood class was held in 2000-2001 by a woman from Kansas, Mrs. Franky. Additional online teachers have served over the years. Discussion groups exist on the Internet and in live venues.
Eventually being reissued in several editions, "Fascinating Womanhood" (also known as 'The Book the Feminists Love to Hate') has sold over two million copies and has been translated into Spanish, French, Indonesian, Japanese and Russian. Random House issued the latest edition of the book in February 2007. Mrs. Andelin hosted a website where she gave advice on marriage and motherhood.
Other books by Mrs. Andelin include "The Fascinating Girl", a book addressed to single women, which was originally published in 1969 and remains in print in 2007, and "All About Raising Children", published in 1980. Mrs. Andelin also designed "The Domestic Goddess Planning Notebook" to help women keep their busy lives organized.
Mrs. Andelin made many media appearances over the years. She has been interviewed by Michael Douglas, Larry King, Phil Donahue, Hugh Downs, and Barbara Walters. She appeared in the March 10, 1975, issue of "Time" magazine, in an article called "Total Fascination".
Controversy.
Although many women perceive that "Fascinating Womanhood" helped their lives, the book's teachings remain controversial. The book emphasizes traditional femininity and a wife's conditional obedience to her husband. In addition, the book teaches women to embrace girlish appearance and mannerisms, which some feel is strange behavior for an adult woman. Certain conservative Christian groups reject the book's teachings based on disagreement with Mrs. Andelin's devout observance of her faith as a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Other conservative Christians who generally support Mrs. Andelin's teachings disagree with her ideas concerning sexuality in marriage and the behavior of wives. Finally, more than one author has indicated that Mrs. Andelin wrote her book in response to Betty Friedan's "The Feminine Mystique".
Later life.
Mrs. Andelin entered the World Wide Web in 1998. Her website has now received over a quarter of a million visits. It appeared that the death of her husband in 1999 took a significant emotional toll on her, causing a conspicuous absence from interaction with the public. However, Mrs. Andelin returned to the world of Fascinating Womanhood about a year later, convinced of the necessity of her message.
In the early 2000s, Mrs. Andelin worked with research historian Julie Neuffer, who chose the Fascinating Womanhood Movement as the subject of her Ph.D. dissertation. In 2006, the Helen B. Andelin Papers were donated to the University of Utah, where they remain housed in the Marriott Library Special Collections.
Mrs. Andelin died at her daughter Virginia Leavitt's home on June 7, 2009, in Pierce City, Missouri. She was survived by 8 children.

</doc>
<doc id="5936232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936232" title="Everette Stephens">
Everette Stephens

Everette Louis Stephens (born October 21, 1966) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2nd round (31st overall) of the 1988 NBA Draft. A 6'2" guard from Purdue University, Stephens played in two NBA seasons for the Indiana Pacers and Milwaukee Bucks. In his NBA career, Stephens played in 38 games and scored a total of 71 points.
Stephens' son Kendall played basketball at St. Charles East High School in suburban Chicago and committed to Purdue University. Stephens served as an assistant coach for his son's team.

</doc>
<doc id="5936237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936237" title="Bob Bailor">
Bob Bailor

Robert Michael Bailor (born July 10, 1951) is a former Major League Baseball player best known for being the first player selected by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 1976 Major League Baseball expansion draft.
Early years.
Bailor was born in Connellsville, Pennsylvania, the first of Robert and Agnes Bailor's four children. His family name was Bialkowski when they first arrived in the United States of America from Poland. Robert was an engineer for the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad, hauling coal, iron ore and limestone, and Agnes was a stay-at-home mom. 
In August 1963, Connellsville won the Pennsylvania state Little League title. He did not play high school ball, as neither Connellsville High School nor Geibel Catholic High School (the school he attended) had a baseball team. He did, however, play basketball in high school, and set the team record for most points in a game. 
Bailor played baseball with the Connellsville American Legion team. Among his teammates were future Seattle Mariners pitcher Bob Galasso and first baseman Jim Braxton, who went on to have an eight-year career in the National Football League with the Buffalo Bills. It was through the American Legion that Bailor caught the eye of Baltimore Orioles scout Jocko Collins. 
Baltimore Orioles.
Bailor signed with the Orioles upon graduation from Geibel Catholic in . He was immediately a utility player, playing the outfield, second base, third base, shortstop and even pitching for one game in his first professional season with the Bluefield Orioles. In with the Aberdeen Pheasants, Bailor led the Class A Northern League with a .340 batting average. In , he led the Class A California League with 63 stolen bases. Eventually, he began playing more and more shortstop by the time he debuted with the Baltimore Orioles in September .
He started both games of a September 28 doubleheader with the New York Yankees, one at short and the other at second, and collected his first major league hit off Larry Gura in the second game. He returned to the triple A Rochester Red Wings in , and again received a call up to the majors that September. In total, Bailor batted .288 with twelve home runs and 201 runs batted in over seven seasons in the Orioles' farm system. He was three-for-thirteen with no home runs or RBIs at the major league level.
Toronto Blue Jays.
After the Seattle Mariners selected Ruppert Jones from the Kansas City Royals with the first overall pick in the expansion draft, the Toronto Blue Jays made Bailor the second overall pick. Despite the fact that he did not have an everyday position, Bailor appeared in 122 games, and logged 523 plate appearances his rookie season in Toronto. He led the team in hits, (154) stolen bases (15), runs scored (62), and his .310 batting average set an expansion team record. He had ten assists from the outfield in just 537 innings, and was named to the Topps Rookie All-Star team at shortstop despite the fact that he only appeared in 53 games at short. On April 20, the New York Yankees' Sparky Lyle struck Bailor out for the first time in his major league career. Bailor had batted a record 51 times before striking out for the first time.
In & , Bailor emerged as the Jays' regular right fielder, though he still played many different positions. In 1978, he drove in a career high 52 runs while striking out only 21 times in 621 at-bats. He was named the Blue Jays Player of the Year for the first two years of the franchise's existence.
Bailor's production declined in 1979, as he batted only .229 with 1 HR and 38 RBI in 130 games, however, his fifteen assists from right field tied Dwight Evans for the most in the American League. In , Bailor lost his job in right field to Lloyd Moseby, and was used as a fourth outfielder. He also appeared in three games as a relief pitcher, allowing two earned runs in 2.1 innings pitched. On December 12, the Blue Jays traded Bailor to the New York Mets for pitcher Roy Lee Jackson.
New York Mets.
Bailor spent a month on the disabled list with a rib cage injury, and was used sparingly his first season in New York, appearing in 51 games and logging just 81 at-bats. He went into Spring training competing for either of the two middle infield positions, and began the season competing with Wally Backman and Tom Veryzer for playing time at second base. With both Bailor and Backman batting over .300 at the end of May, Bailor began seeing more playing time at short and third. He ended the season with 404 plate appearances, his most since 1979. He also stole a career high 20 bases, and led the National League with an 87% stolen base percentage.
He began the season as the Mets' starting shortstop, and hit the only home run of his Mets career on April 13 against the Philadelphia Phillies' Sid Monge. A sore left rib cage muscle landed Bailor on the disabled list at the start of May, and opened the door for Jose Oquendo to take over at shortstop. When Bailor returned later in the month, he was used more as a back-up infielder. For the season, he appeared in 118 games, his highest total since 1979. On December 8, Bailor was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers in a deal that was very unpopular with Mets fans at the time. He and pitcher Carlos Diaz were shipped to the Dodgers for Sid Fernandez and Ross Jones.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
Bailor's first season in Los Angeles started late and ended early due to injuries. He dislocated his left shoulder during Spring training, causing him to miss the first month of the season. He then tore the cartilage in his right knee during batting practice on August 12 requiring arthroscopic surgery that pretty much ended his season. He ended the season hitting .275 with 0 HR and 8 RBI in just 65 games. In 1985, Bailor hit .246 with 0 HR and 7 RBI in 74 games with Los Angeles, helping the team reach the post-season. In the 1985 NLCS against the St. Louis Cardinals, Bailor got into two games, going hitless in one at-bat, as the Dodgers lost to the Cardinals. On April 2, 1986, the Dodgers released Bailor.
Bailor's .310 batting average with the expansion Toronto Blue Jays broke Rusty Staub's record set in 1969 with the Montreal Expos (.302). The two were teammates on the New York Mets from 1981 to 1983. Bailor wore number 4 with the Mets, Staub's number during his first tenure with the club (1972-1975). Though he proved to be one of the great utility players of his era, Bailor never liked the term. "It sounds like a guy who changes light bulbs."
Management.
Shortly after his release from the Dodgers, Bailor was offered a player-coach position with Toronto's triple A affiliate, the Syracuse Chiefs. He turned the position down in order to spend time with his newborn child, Robert Michael, Jr. A year later, he accepted a position with the organization managing the Florida State League's Dunedin Blue Jays. Bailor later went on to manage Syracuse from to , and was named International League Manager of the Year as he led the Chiefs to a first-place finish. From until , Bailor served as a coach with the Toronto Blue Jays.
Personal life.
Bailor and his wife, Jamie, live in Palm Harbor, Florida, near Tampa. Bailor has been a hunting and fishing enthusiast his whole life, and still owns a home in Connellsville.
References.
, or The Baseball Page, or Ultimate Mets Database

</doc>
<doc id="5936240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936240" title="James B. Goetz">
James B. Goetz

James Burton Goetz (born May 28, 1936) was a radio broadcaster and Minnesota Republican politician. He served as the 38th Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota from January 2, 1967 to January 4, 1971.
He owned the KAGE radio station in Winona, Minnesota. He was born in Freeport, Illinois and is married to Ruth Elbert.

</doc>
<doc id="5936241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936241" title="United States Congressional Serial Set">
United States Congressional Serial Set

The United States Congressional Serial Set began in 1817 as the official collection of reports and documents of the United States Congress. The collection was published in a "serial" fashion, hence its name.
Overview.
The Serial Set does not normally include the text of congressional debates, bills, resolutions, hearings, committee prints, and publications from congressional support agencies such as the Government Accountability Office and the Congressional Budget Office. Proceedings of the Congress are published in the Congressional Record, while committee hearings and prints in most cases are published separately through the Government Printing Office (GPO). However, by special order some 300 selected committee hearings were included, especially in the 19th and early 20th centuries." Coverage for the period 1789 to 1817 is via the separate compilation American State Papers, which consists of 38 volumes. The two series overlap, as "American State Papers" covers through 1838.
It is common for a volume of the Serial Set to be composed of a combination of documents and reports. Some of these reports may be one to two pages in length, while others can be hundreds of pages long. Although congressional in name, there are thousands of executive branch publications (e.g., the "Annual Report of the Secretary of War" and "Official Records of the American Civil War") included within its pages. It is this rich combination of legislative and executive publications that account for its tremendous value as a primary source for American history.
Although its more than 14,000 bound volumes are an invaluable historical resource, it has often been neglected by researchers due to weak indexing and limited distribution. Volumes of the Serial Set have been sent to federal depository libraries over the years by the GPO, but many such depositories hold only a partial collection of the set for a variety of reasons (e.g., age of the depository). Also House Report 104-657 directed beginning with volumes covering the 105th Congress (commencing with v.14388) distribution has been limited to regional depositories plus certain others designated by Congress. An exception are Serial Set volumes judged to be key Congressional publications by GPO and that thus receive distribution to all depository libraries. 
Virginia Saunders, the longest serving employee at the Government Printing Office, dedicated most of her 64 years of federal employment to binding and proofreading the Congressional Serial Set. Saunders died June 19, 2009. 
Technical detail on non-print format availability.
In the late 1980s the Congressional Information Service issued the Serial Set, along with its predecessor "American State Papers", through 1969 (v.1-12880) on microfiche; the entire set constituted about 117,000 fiches. CIS also issued a 56-volume hardcover comprehensive index to both series covering 1789-1969, for the first time providing access to their contents via multiple points (subject, name, bill number, etc.) including the many maps they contain. LexisNexis and Readex have both undertaken digitization efforts to convert the text of "American State Papers" and the "Serial Set" to electronic format. Neither of these subscription services are generally available and it is best to consult with a local university librarian to determine where specific volumes can be located.
LexisNexis completed their efforts in late 2006 (covering 1789-1969) and has undertaken a digitization project for congressional hearings. LexisNexis is also rescanning the maps in the set via a partnership with the University of Maryland, College Park, acknowledging the initial scans done from the CIS microfiche while adequate for text are inferior when it comes to maps versus scanning the originals. On November 30, 2010 Reed Elsevier the parent company of LexisNexis, completed the sale of the CIS and UPA product lines (which includes the digital Serial Set) to ProQuest.
Readex, a division of NewsBank, is using original Serial Set volumes from Baker-Berry Library at Dartmouth College to create fine new digital images of every publication through 1994, including approximately 56,000 maps. Additional Serial Set materials not available from Dartmouth are being provided by the United States Senate Library, Middlebury College, the Vermont State Library and the University of Vermont. The Readex digital edition contains nearly 14,000 high-resolution color maps from the Library of Congress and more than 8,000 high-resolution color illustrations. To ensure the best search results, Readex has created all-new indexing of subject terms, executive agencies and bill numbers as well as of personal, committee and geographic names. The Readex edition contains active links from terms in bibliographic records that enable retrieval of related publications, an integrated subject thesaurus, map-level indexing and OpenURLs for each publication.
In 2007, Google Books began to scan the Serial Set.
Numbering.
Research has confirmed in some cases volume numbers were assigned to particular titles that were never published or appeared in later volumes. GPO has issued a list of "Assigned Serial Numbers Not Used".
Citation.
A bibliographic citation such as "35th Congress, 2nd Session, House Miscellaneous Document #43 Claims of citizens of Territory of Kansas" (or the equivalent shorthand version "35th-2nd H.misdoc 43") will be found in the Serial Set.

</doc>
<doc id="5936242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936242" title="SQLJ">
SQLJ

SQLJ is an outdated working title for efforts to combine Java and SQL. It was a common effort started around 1997 by engineers from IBM, Oracle, Compaq, Informix, Sybase, Cloudscape and Sun Microsystems.
It consists of the three parts: 0, 1 and 2. Part 0 describes the embedding of SQL statements into Java programs. SQLJ part 0 is the basis for part 10 of the standard, aka SQL Object Language Bindings (SQL/OLB). SQLJ parts 1 and 2 describes the converse possibility to use Java classes (routines and types) from SQL statements. Parts 1 and 2 are the basis for part 13 of the SQL standard, SQL Routines and Types Using the Java Programming Language (SQL/JRT).
"SQLJ" is commonly used to refer to just SQLJ part 0, usually when it is contrasted with other means of embedding SQL in Java, like JDBC.
ANSI and ISO standards.
Part 0 was updated for JDBC 2.0 compatibility and ratified by ISO in 2000. The last two parts were combined when submitted to ISO. Part 2 was substantially rewritten for the ISO submission because the ANSI version was not formal enough for a specification, being closer to the style of a user manual. The combined version was ratified in 2002.
SQLJ part 0.
The SQLJ part 0 specification largely originated from Oracle, who also provided the first reference implementation.
In the following SQLJ is a synonym for SQLJ part 0.
Whereas JDBC provides an API, SQLJ consists of a language extension. Thus programs containing SQLJ must be run through a preprocessor (the SQLJ translator) before they can be compiled.
Advantages and disadvantages.
Some advantages of SQLJ over JDBC include:
Disadvantages include:
Examples.
The following examples compare SQLJ syntax with JDBC usage.

</doc>
<doc id="5936255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936255" title="The Solution (Mannafest album)">
The Solution (Mannafest album)

The Solution is the second album by Mannafest, before they changed their name to Edison and later to Edison Glass. It was released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="5936257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936257" title="Washington Channel">
Washington Channel

The Washington Channel is a channel that parallels the Potomac River in Washington, D.C. It is located between the Southwest Waterfront on the east side and East Potomac Park on the west side. The channel is two miles long, receives outflow from the Tidal Basin at its north end, and empties into the Anacostia River at Hains Point at its south end. The channel's depth ranges from to .
The Washington Channel's east bank is lined with restaurants, inns, and marinas including Washington Marina, Gangplank Marina (the only liveaboard marina in the District of Columbia), and Capital Yacht Club. The Maine Avenue Fish Market is situated at the north end of the channel, south of the 14th Street Bridge complex. The Women's Titanic Memorial, Fort Lesley J. McNair, the National Defense University, and James Creek Marina are located near the south end of the channel. As of August 2010, the USS "Sequoia"—a former United States presidential yacht—is docked at a pier in the Washington Channel.
Transfer of responsibility.
On June 16, 2010, District of Columbia Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton introduced a bill () in the House of Representatives that would, if signed into law, transfer responsibility for part of the Washington Channel from the Army Corps of Engineers to the District. The bill was passed by the House on July 20, 2010, and was received by the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works the following day. Norton's bill is part of a larger plan to redevelop the Southwest Waterfront, some goals of which are "to extend docks and increase maritime activity just a short eyeshot from the U.S. Capitol building." The Coast Guard, the Navy, and the Army Corps of Engineers have agreed that this transfer "will not affect navigation interests or adversely affect navigation
safety." The area under consideration extends from the north end of the Channel to just south of the police pier, totaling of water surface.

</doc>
<doc id="5936265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936265" title="Michael Zinzun">
Michael Zinzun

Michael Zinzun (February 14, 1949 – July 9, 2006) was an American ex-Black Panther and anti-police brutality activist of African American and Apache descent.
Early life.
Zinzun was born in Chicago and lived in the Cabrini–Green housing projects during the early part of his childhood. His father died when he was eight at which point his mother sent him to live with an aunt in Pasadena, California. He graduated from high school in Pasadena and made it his home for much of his life. After graduation he became an automobile mechanic and ran a repair shop in Altadena. When the land housing his garage was purchased by an oil company Zinzun was evicted and his business forced to close.
Activism, political organizing, and lawsuits.
In 1970 he joined the Black Panther Party.In the mid 1970s he joined Los Angeles-area anti-police brutality activists B. Kwaku Duren and Anthony Thigpenn to form the Coalition Against Police Abuse (CAPA). The organization investigates allegations of abuse, provides support for victims and families, and agitates for justice in street demonstrations and courtrooms. CAPA acknowledges a direct descent from the Black Panther Party, with many former BPP members, but is a distinct organization many of whose members critique what they see as the intensely hierarchical and patriarchal tendencies of the now defunct BPP.
Almost from the moment of CAPA's inception the LAPD infiltrated and placed it under surveillance. The techniques used by the LAPD in spying on and undermining the organization closely resembled those used by the FBI COINTELPRO program. CAPA joined with other similarly victimized organizations to sue the department and won a monetary settlement and assurances that similar practices would not be reimplemented. Nonetheless it is the belief of many CAPA members that they are still targeted by the LAPD and other government agencies for domestic espionage, infiltration, and sabotage. As a result of the lawsuit the LAPD disbanded the Public Disorder Intelligence division responsible for the original infiltration.
After the 1979 police shooting death of Eula Love in South Central Los Angeles CAPA proposed a civilian police review board, modeled on similar boards in other cities, that would have had the power to fire and otherwise discipline abusive police officers and change police policies. A petition in favor of the review board did not garner enough signatures to place it on the ballot. Nonetheless, the effort was successful in helping the organization become better known in South Central.
In 1982, Zinzun was arrested for allegedly threatening police officers who were attempting to arrest two men in Pasadena. Charges against him were later dropped. In 1986 Zinzun, hearing the commotion of a violent arrest, rushed to the scene where he became involved in a scuffle with police. The Pasadena police department accused him of striking an officer (Zinzun was never charged with such a crime) while Zinzun claimed that he was wrongfully forced to the ground, sprayed with mace, and beaten with a flashlight. As a result of the incident Zinzun was permanently blinded in one eye. Following the incident he is quoted as saying "I'd rather lose an eye fighting against injustice than live as a quiet slave". He won a $1.2 million settlement from the department as a result of the events that night.
In 1989 he ran for a seat on the Pasadena City Council. During his campaign the City of Los Angeles and an assistant chief of the LAPD disseminated information that falsely claimed that Zinzun was the subject of investigation by the department's anti-terrorism division. Zinzun sued for defamation and was awarded $3.8 million. This award was overturned on procedural grounds in a 1991 ruling. On further appeal Zinzun won $512, 500.
Later career.
After the 1992 Los Angeles riots, Zinzun and CAPA became much more successful in getting the attention of elected officials due to concerns about police brutality as the stimulus for social unrest. By the 1990s Zinzun was a familiar guest on local television news and debate programs. Unlike most guests he wore clothes with a Black Power aesthetic (a hair net, bright t-shirts with radical slogans, etc.) and spoke in a confrontational and direct manner, invariably signing off by raising his fist and proclaiming "Forward ever. Backwards never. All power to the people!"
Zinzun had a press pass, issued in Los Angeles, and for approximately ten years, he hosted and co-produced, with community activist and artist Nancy Buchanan, approximately 100 episodes of an hour-long monthly television show, "Message To The Grassroots." The program dealt with issues related to urban communities, and played on Pasadena Community Network's Channel 56 and at other access television stations in the U.S. Topics of shows included wounds inflicted by the Los Angeles Police Department K-9 corps, the Iran-Contra Affair and CIA connection to cocaine shipments into U.S. communities, apartheid in South Africa, the founding of Namibia, the political atmosphere in Haiti with guest commentator Ossie Davis, conflicts between black people and Latinos, and black-against-black gang issues. Zinzun was an outspoken advocate of a gang truce between rival Los Angeles gangs, and organized one of the first ever, face-to-face truce meetings on his television show between members of the Bloods and Crips. He presented a series of shows during the trial of the police officers accused of beating Rodney King, which included frame-by frame analyses of video tape of the incident by George Holliday, which led to alternative explanations of the police officers' behaviors. Zinzun discovered that a second camera had captured King immediately after the beating and he debuted that footage to the world. During the 1992 Los Angeles riots following the Rodney King decision, Zinzun was down among the burning buildings, on the streets, at the center of the event capturing rare video footage of rioters looting stores. He took cameras to Brazil and Namibia for episodes of the show. Zinzun took cameras into the center of controversial housing projects in South Central Los Angeles, like Nickerson Gardens and Imperial Courts in Watts, Los Angeles to talk directly with residents about their communities.
Zinzun remained active in community issues as he worked with at-risk youth. In the last years of his life, he explored an interest in the culinary arts at Le Cordon Bleu school in Pasadena. He died in his sleep in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="5936267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936267" title="Ross M. Lence">
Ross M. Lence

Ross Marlo Anthony Lence, Ph.D. Indiana University (1970), B.A. University of Chicago (1966), was a professor of Political Science at the University of Houston from 1971-2006, where he was John and Rebecca Moores Scholar and held the Ross M. Lence Distinguished Teaching Chair. He taught Political Philosophy, American Political Thought, and American Government as a member of the Political Science and Honors College faculties. His edited volume of the works of John C. Calhoun, "Union and Liberty: The Political Philosophy of John C. Calhoun," is one of the foremost references on the statesman.
Lence was the recipient of an unprecedented number of Teaching Excellence Awards from the University of Houston and the State of Texas. In January 2007, in memory of Lence, the College of Liberal Arts and Social Sciences at the University of Houston renamed its teaching excellence awards the Ross M. Lence Awards for Teaching Excellence in the College of Liberal Arts and Social Sciences.
Biography.
Lence was born in Whitefish, Montana on December 19, 1943. His father, Marlo, was a foreman on the Great Northern Railway; his mother, Nickie stayed home to raise Ross and his brother, John, before taking a job to run a photography studio. Ross graduated from Whitefish High School with a 4.0 GPA and was valedictorian of his class. After completing his Bachelor's Degree at the University of Chicago, Ross studied at Georgetown University, then at Indiana University under Charles S. Hyneman, who took Ross on a 15,000 mile, 5-year trip across America to give Ross first-hand experience of the country. In 1970, Ross researched at The British Museum. He began teaching at the University of Houston in 1971, where he also served as Director of Undergraduate Studies in the Department of Political Science for 23 years. Throughout his career, Lence was a perennial participant, leader, and director at Liberty Fund Colloquia. He died on July 11, 2006 in Houston, TX after a bout with pancreatic cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="5936277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936277" title="Lehesten">
Lehesten

Lehesten is a town in the Thuringian Forest, 20 km southeast of Saalfeld.
World War II V-2 facility.
After an August 1944 [http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&sl=de&u=http://www.schlier.at/linked/hannes%2520koch%2520-%2520schlier%2520kz%2520redl-zipf%252016-09-08.pdf&ei=v9YKSt-oJoWeM9Kr0NAL&sa=X&oi=translate&resnum=2&ct=result&prev=/search%3Fq%3Dredl-zipf%2Bexplosion%26hl%3Den] explosion at the Redl-Zipf V-2 liquid oxygen plant at Schlier stopped production, the third V-2 liquid oxygen plant (5000 tons/month) was built at a slate quarry at Lehesten at the Thuringia-Bavarian border near Nordhausen (acceptance testing of combustion chamber was also performed at the Lehesten plant). Dr Martin Schilling (the head of testing at Peenemünde) located the Lehesten site, and 400 engineers were moved from Peenemünde to Lehesten, which eventually had 16 liquid oxygen production plants.

</doc>
<doc id="5936286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936286" title="Downpour (album)">
Downpour (album)

Downpour is the debut album of Mannafest, before the band changed its name to Edison and later to Edison Glass.

</doc>
<doc id="5936289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936289" title="07th Expansion">
07th Expansion

07th Expansion is a Japanese dōjin circle that specializes in the creation of visual novels known as sound novels. They started out drawing for the trading card game Leaf Fight, but they are known for creating the dōjin game series "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni" and "". They were also involved in the additional console editions of "Higurashi" produced by Alchemist, "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Matsuri" for the PlayStation 2 and the "Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kizuna" series for the Nintendo DS. Their most recent work is "Rose Guns Days".
Works.
Sound novels.
Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Rei (fan disc) — December 31, 2006 (Comiket 71)
Fighting games.
Ōgon Musōkyoku — December 31, 2010 (Comiket 79)<br>
Ōgon Musōkyoku Cross — December 31, 2011 (Comiket 81)
Card games.
Leaf Fight<br>
Tagai o Otoko no Musume Meido ni Chōkyōshi Au Game — November 18, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="5936291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936291" title="Ghadr-110">
Ghadr-110

The Ghadr-110 (Persian: قدر-110, meaning "intensity") is a medium-range ballistic missile designed and developed by Iran. The missile has a range of 1,800 km to 2,000 km. The Iranian Armed Forces first displayed the missile to the public at an annual military parade to mark the Iran-Iraq war.
The Ghadr-110 is an improved version of the Shahab-3A, also known as the Ghadr-101. It is believed to have a liquid-fuel first stage and a solid-fuel second stage, which allows it to have a range of . 
The Ghadr-110 has a higher maneuverability and a shorter set-up time than the Shahab-3; its set-up time is 30 minutes while the older Shahab-3 has a set-up time of several hours. The missile has been manufactured entirely in Iran at the top-secret Hemmat Missile Industries Complex.

</doc>
<doc id="5936292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936292" title="Nyjah Huston">
Nyjah Huston

Nyjah Imani Huston (born November 30, 1994) is an American professional street skateboarder and in August 2012 was the overall champion at the Street League Skateboarding (SLS) competition series. As of May 19, 2013, Huston has won more prize money than any other skateboarder in history. In 2014, Huston ranked #5 on Fox Weekly's 'Top 15 Most Influential Skateboarders of All-Time'.
Early life.
Huston was born in Davis, California, United States (U.S.). He was raised in San Lorenzo,Puerto Rico. Huston started skating when he was approximately four years of age and is "goofy"-footed (right foot is placed at the nose of the board).
Huston revealed in a 2006 interview that he had been raised by his father as a strict vegan from birth up until the time of the interview. In a 2012 interview, Huston stated that he had tried meat and dairy for the first time. As part of his strict Rastafarian upbringing, Huston was only permitted to listen to reggae music and was unable to cut his dreadlocks.
Professional skateboarding.
Huston first garnered attention when he signed a sponsorship deal with the Element company and joined the skateboard team. During his debut era with the company, Huston appeared in numerous Element video productions, such as both volumes of the "Elementality" series, and competed in high-profile contests, such as the Dew tour and the Vans Downtown Showdown. However, Huston eventually launched his own skateboard deck company "I&I" in 2009 after he parted ways with Element in 2008; Huston was an amateur skateboarder at the time of his departure and always skating with Arif Shafiq.
I&I was a short-lived company and operated for approximately two years with a team that consisted of Huston, Richard Jefferson, and Anthony Williams. During the period of the company's existence, a number of magazine advertisements were published and an online promotional video that featured the three team members was released. The primary aesthetic influence of the brand was Rastafarinism and the I&I logo incorporated the pan-African colors of red, yellow, and green.
Following the closure of I&I, Huston returned to Element and released a solo video production entitled "Rise & Shine" in 2011—the video was available for purchase on the iTunes website and later received the "Best Video Part" award from the "Transworld SKATEboarding" magazine. During this stage of Huston's career, the skateboarder also joined the DC Shoes company as a team rider, following a significant period of time without a shoe sponsor—an unusual occurrence for a professional skateboarder with the degree of exposure that Huston had attracted. In response to the DC Shoes announcement, Huston explained that "I think it was all a build up of things over the past year. DC has always been my top choice for a shoe sponsor but I think it took this past year for them to see what I've accomplished and how I did in the contests and my video part and all that for it to finally come through."
Following Huston's decision to skateboard for DC Shoes, other DC team riders expressed their perspectives in online promotional material produced by the shoe company. Long-term DC team rider Josh Kalis stated in the introductory video for Huston (also featuring Mike Mo Capaldi), "And then there's this other dude out there, literally buying shoes from a skate shop. He could get shoes from anybody that he wanted, but he was buying DCs." Capaldi expressed his opinion on Huston in the same video, stating his belief that Huston is "probably the best skateboarder that I've ever seen—he does everything in like two tries."
After Huston's gold medal victory at the 2013 X Games Street League contest in Barcelona, Spain in mid-May, "Transworld SKATEboarding" magazine announced that no other skateboarder has won a greater amount of prize money. On the final night of May 2013, the DC Shoes Co. held a launch event for the first signature model skate shoe of Huston's career at the Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles, California, U.S., with Pete Rock in the role of DJ. The model is named the "Nyjah Huston Signature Shoe" and the promotional advertisement features Huston executing a trick at set of stairs at Hollywood High School in Los Angeles, U.S.
An announcement on June 25, 2013 revealed that due to a rib injury, Huston was unable to compete in the Street League contest at the Munich X Games in late June 2013. Huston’s mother Kelle Huston reported that her son "bruised and scraped the right side of his torso" in a skateboarding accident, but an article from the Street League website stated that Huston would be fit to compete in the next contest round in July 2013 in Portland, Oregon, U.S.
Huston was added to the competition lineup for the 2013 Kimberley Diamond Cup in South Africa, held from September 28 to 29. During practice, Huston was filmed performing a 270-degree "kickflip lipslide" on a rail, a trick that had never been filmed in the history of skateboarding prior to that occasion. Huston won the Kimberley Diamond Cup and the one million rand cash prize.
Sponsorship.
As of July 2013, Huston is sponsored by Element, Silver, FKD, Diamond Supply Co., Ricta, MOB, DC Shoes, Monster Energy, Stance, Beats by Dr. Dre, SLS, Asphalt Yacht Club (AYC) and CCS.
Awards.
Huston won the inaugural "Kentucky Unbridled Spirit Award for Action Sports" in 2006.
At "Transworld SKATEboarding" magazine's 2012 awards event, Huston's performance was given the headline "Nyjah Huston Cleans Up at Annual Transworld Skate Awards" by the "Yahoo! Sports" website. Huston won three awards at the event: "Best Video Part" (for Huston's "Rise & Shine" video release), "New Era Readers' Choice" (the only award chosen solely by the readers of the magazine and "Transworld" website), and "Best Street".
Alongside other professional skateboarders such as Ishod Wair and Brandon Westgate, Huston was nominated for "Thrasher Magazine"'s 2013 "Skater Of The Year" (SOTY) award in December 2013. The publication summarized Huston's 2013 performance in the following manner: "If his stellar contest record, killer interviews and flood of NBDs wasn't enough, Nyjah went and dump-trucked one of the heaviest video parts of all time on us - "Fade to Black"."
Video game appearances.
Huston is a featured character in the video games "Tony Hawk's Project 8", "Tony Hawk's Proving Ground", "", and "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater HD".
Let It Flow.
Together with his mother Kelle Huston, Huston founded the charity organization "Let It Flow" in 2008 with the aim of providing clean, safe, and accessible water to communities in need. Following their personal experiences in Puerto Rico, the pair started by selling reusable water bottles at a local farmers market and, as of December 2012, the organization build clean-water wells, fixes wells that are inoperable, and builds sanitation stations for people in urgent need of clean water. Let It Flow built its first sanitation station in Ethiopia.
Personal life.
Following his return to Element, Huston revealed that his father's controlling behavior had led to estrangement, further explaining that his father refused to return video footage of Huston's skateboarding following the separation. Huston lived with his father in Puerto Rico for a period of time and, as of 2011, owns a property in the territory. As of July 2013, Huston resides in a home in Huntington Beach, California, U.S., no longer adheres to a strict Rastafarian lifestyle, and has identified hip hop as his favorite musical style to listen to.
In a July 2013 interview, Huston stated that due to his interest in cars and jewelry he is not yet the owner of a home; however, he also confirmed an intention to purchase a home. Huston published photographs of a newly purchased home on his Instagram profile in September 2013.According to CBS2 News (on June 12, 2014), he is now living in a home valued at 2.3 million dollars in San Juan Capistrano, CA (which is in southern Orange County).

</doc>
<doc id="5936296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936296" title="Open Studio">
Open Studio

A studio or workroom which is made accessible to allcomers, where artistic or creative work can be viewed and created collaboratively. An Open Studio is intended to foster creativity and encourage experimentation in an atmosphere of cultural exchange, conversation, encouragement, and freedom of expression.
History of Open Studios.
In the modern era, Open Studios originated in the salons of 17th Century Paris, such as the Hôtel de Rambouillet and the gatherings of intellectuals and artists hosted by Madame de Scudéry. Much later, during the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s, the concept of the Open Studio took the form of public poetry exchanges (most notably those of the Beat poets, events that were the forerunners of modern poetry slams), the ‘happenings’ of Andy Warhol’s The Factory (culminating in the multimedia open-floor parties known as the Exploding Plastic Inevitable), and the experimental jamborees of the French literary group OuLiPo.
In the 21st Century, the Open Studio (often taking the form of a virtual or internet location) focuses on the creative act of making and sharing, in a flexible space equipped with a range of contemporary media and multimedia. Artists and non-artists come together in a social act of collaboration, the only entry requirements being an inquisitive nature, a curiosity about new and traditional media, and a lack of inhibition about creating in a semi-public space.
Modern Day Open Studios.
A modern-day Open Studio blurs the boundaries between theory and practice, sparking insights and enabling the discovery of new kinds of meaning. It allows for greater freedom of thought and expression. Its ultimate aim is to pioneer fresh modes of communication and sharing, and produce innovative forms of public engagement.
An internationally recognised event, there a number of countries running its own version of Open Studios. These include UK, such as Helfa gelf in North Wales, Cyprus, Holland, Germany and America, to name but a few.
Open Studios Communications.
Open Studios Communications is a network and communications platform set up to promote the open studio style events in the UK and Internationally, and to facilitate the exchange of ideas and information with the rest of the world. The website offers multiple search options on date, location, type of event and organisation.
Open Studios Cyprus.
There has been a number of events in Cyprus under the Open Studios banner, including the event in Nicosia and Paphos. Both have run independently of one another, with different organisation and structure.
"Nicosia Open Studios".
First run in November 2006 inside the city wall of Nicosia, Open Studios presented the opportunity for visitors to visit and see artists work from both sides of the divide. This event typically runs once every two years.
Events were also run in 2008 and 2011.
"Paphos & Limassol Open Studios".
This event originally started as Paphos Open Studios in 2006, and primarily consisted of UK Artists living in Cyprus. However it expanded to include the Limassol region and so becoming a truly international affair with artist participating from a variety of countries and cultures. It is an annual event. The purpose of this event is to present the opportunity to the general public to meet and discuss the work of the artist in an informal and relaxed environment. 
Taking place during selected weekends in October, the event is launched with an Opening Art Exhibition in Paphos, presenting the opportunity for visitors to view the artists work and to meet some of the artists. Information about the participating artists, their discipline, location and opening weekends can be found in the Artist Information Guide or on-line. This information helps the visitor plan and manage their itinerary for the event, and is typical of most Open Studio Events. 
Open Studios is endorsed by the Cyprus Department of Education & Culture, Cultural Services, the Cyprus Tourist Organization and UNWTO
In 2011, the organisers of Paphos & Limassol Open Studios announced that this event would no longer exist in its current form and would go into hibernation. However, this was not to say that this event would not run in future years. 2011 Participating Artists were,
References.
The Artists Web Wiki

</doc>
<doc id="5936297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936297" title="Saptashrungi">
Saptashrungi

Saptashrungi or Saptashringi (, ) is a site of Hindu pilgrimage situated from Nashik. According to Hindu traditions, the goddess Saptashrungi Nivasini dwells within the seven mountain peaks. ("Sapta" means seven and "shrung" means peaks.) It is located in Nanduri, Kalwan taluka, a small village near Nashik in India. Devotees visit this place in large numbers every day. The temple is also known popularly as one of the "three and half Shakti Peethas" of Maharashtra. The temple is also one among the 51 Shakti Peethas located on the Indian subcontinent and is a location where one of Sati's (first wife of Lord Shiva) limbs, her right arm is reported to have fallen.
Geography.
Saptashrungi is a hill range consisting of seven hills locally called "Ghads" and form part of the Sahyadri Range of hills in Western Ghats. Sahyadri Range is also known as Ajanta Satmala Range and the average height of the peaks is . The Dhodap, in the center of this mountain range, is the highest peak with an elevation of , and Saptasrungi is towards its west.There are 108 water bodies (ponds) located in the watershed of these hills, which are called "Kundas." Nanduri and Vani are the villages nearest to the temple, which are situated at the foot of the hills. There are many approaches to reach the top of the temple location. The route from Nashik and Vani via Dindori is and via Pimpalgaon Baswant is . The route via Nadurgaon village is the easiest and is from Vani. It is at a distance of from Nashik, the district headquarters. The State Highway 17 (Maharashtra) (SH-17) connected with the National Highway 3 (NH 3) links Nashik with the temple site near the villages of Vani and Nanduri. Bus facilities by state transportation are available to reach the temple precincts. The forests in the hills are reported to have medicinal herbs. There is a circumlocutory path used by pilgrims to do parikrama around the temple. This path is in an elevation range between and , and is stated to be in steep rock topography. The hills are covered with verdant forests.
Background.
Three and a half Shakti Peethas (prominent seats of the Hindu Goddess) are reported in Maharashtra. These four Goddess temples are Mahalakshmi Temple at Kolhapur, Tulja Bhavani Temple at Tuljapur, Renuka Temple at Mahur (Matripur) and the Sapatashrungi Temple of Vani. These four temples are also interpreted to represent the four parts of holy AUM, A "kara", U "kara", Ma "kara" and Mmm "kara" ("Ardha matra"). Though which of these is a "ardha-peetha" (a half Shakti Peetha, considered lower in importance to a complete Shakti Peetha) is disputed, Saptashrungi is generally regarded to be a half Shakti Peetha. However, the official site of the temple declares it as a complete Shakti Peetha. The three presiding deities of the Goddess-oriented scripture "Devi Mahatmya" in the Saptashrungi are considered a combined manifestation of the three goddesses which are equated with Mahalakshmi of Kolhapur, Mahasaraswati of Tuljapur and Mahakali of Mahur.
The "Devi Bhagavata Purana" mentions Saptashringa hills as a Shakti Peetha. However, no other major religious scriptures accord the Saptashrungi temple this status.
The presiding goddess of the temple is also known by other names as: Sapatashrungi ("(goddess) of seven hills"), Saptashrunga-nivasini ("one who resides on Saptashrunga – the seven hills"), Saptashrunga-mata ("the mother-(goddess) of Saptashrunga"). The suffix Devi (goddess) may be added to the first two names. She is also known as Brahmasvarupini ("one who has form of Brahma"). The goddess is reported to have appeared from the kamandalu (water-pot) of the creator-god Brahma.
The Goddess had taken the form of Durga (the Mahalakshmi of "Devi Mahatmaya") and slew the buffalo-demon Mahishasura, who troubled the universe. After that the Goddess is believed to be settled here. As the Goddess took form here and resided at Saptashrungi, it is considered the original location of the Goddess.
The Saptashrungi Temple as a Shakti Peeth.
Saptashrungi shrine, the abode of the goddess of seven hills is believed to be a Shakti Peeth. "The mythology of Daksha yaga and Sati's self immolation" is said to be the story of origin behind the Shakti Peethas, the divine shrine or chair of Parashakti. The mythology says Shakti Peethas were formed due to the falling of body parts of the corpse of Sati Devi, when Lord Shiva carried it and wandered around the world in deep sorrow. It is believed that Sati Devi's two chin had fell here. There is a Kalabhairava and Shakti shrines associated with each Shakti Peethas. The Kalabhairava of Saptashrungi Temple is Vikritaksh and Shakti addressed as Bhramari.
Legends.
This temple is one among the 51 Shakti peethas located on the Indian subcontinent and is a location where one of Sati's limbs, her right arm is considered to have fallen when grief-stricken and agitated Shiva was carrying her dead body round the world on his shoulders, and Vishnu had cut her body into pieces with his Sudarshana Chakra. The story behind this event is that King Prajapati Daksha, father of Sati (the first wife of Lord Shiva), was performing a yagna ("yagna" is defined as a Hindu fire ritual sacrifice when deities of the Vedic times like Agni, the fire god, and others were invoked by offering oblations such as ghee (clarified butter), milk, grains and so forth) called as Brihaspatirao. Sati (also called Shakti) who was Lord Shiva's wife, attended the function without invitation. Daksha who was not fond of his son-in-law, as he considered him a mendicant, purposely did not invite him for the yagna, while he invited all other gods. Sati felt deeply insulted by the slight shown by her father towards her husband whom she had married out of deep love. Even then she decided to attend the yagna uninvited by her own father. When she went there, her father compounded the insult by totally ignoring her presence and vilifying Shiva. Sati felt deeply humiliated and hurt, and then in frustration she jumped into the yagna fire and committed suicide. When this news was conveyed to Shiva, first he sent his assistant to the site to enquire and take revenge. Shiva also came to the yagna site and created a furor. In a state of grief and anger he put Sati's dead body on his shoulders and started wandering round the universe. Looking at this grave situation, Brahma and Vishnu decided to intervene and bring back Shiva to his normal self. It was then decided that Vishnu will follow behind Shiva, and with his Sudarsha Chakra cut Sati's dead body into pieces. Thus Vishnu cut her into 51 pieces (108 pieces are also mentioned in many Puranic texts) as Shiva traveled around the world and these fifty one body parts of Sati fell at different locations in the subcontinent, and all these places came to be known as Shakthi Peethas (abode of goddess Shakthi or Durga). Her right arm fell on the Saptashrungi hills and the place became holy, and a Shakthi Peeth came to be established here.
It is also said that when the demon king Mahishasura was creating havoc in the forests, the devatas and people urged Durga to kill the demon. Then the 18 armed Saptashrungi Devi took the form of Durga and slayed Mahishasura, and since then she is also known as Mahishasura Mardhini. Mahishasura was in the form of a buffalo. At the foot of the hill, from where one starts climbing the steps, there is the head of a buffalo, made in stone, which is believed to be of demon Mahishasura.
In the epic Ramayana war, when Lakshmana was lying unconscious in the war field, Hanuman came to Saptashrungi hills in search of medicinal herbs to restore his life.
Saptashrung mountain was a part of the forest called Dandakaranya mentioned in the "Ramayana." It is mentioned that Lord Rama, along with Seeta, and Lakshmana had come to these hills to pray to the goddess and seek her blessings.
In the hill of Markandeye, named after Sage Markandeya, there is a cave which is said to have been the abode of the sage. This hill is located to the east of Saptashringi and a deep ravine divides the two hills. While staying in this cave, Markandeya is believed to have recited puranas (Hindu scriptures) to entertain the Devi.
Another local myth is that a tiger resides in the garbagriaha (sanctum sanctorum) every night and a keeps a watch on the temple but goes away before sunrise.
Yet another myth is that when a person was trying to destroy a beehive, the Devi appeared before him to prevent the act.
There are many other recent narratives extolling the divinity of the goddess, which are also linked to Shirdi Sai Baba and his devotees. In one such narration, a priest of Vani village known as Kakaji Vaidya who was working in the Saptashrungi Temple was quite disturbed by the miseries of life around him and he, therefore, appealed to the goddess to give him peace of mind and relieve him from all worries. Pleased with the priest's devotion to her, the goddess appeared to him in a dream and told him to go to the Baba to set his mind at rest and in peace. As the priest was then not aware of which Baba she meant, he thought it was the Shiva at Trimabakeshwar temple and so he went there and offered worship to Shiva and stayed there for a few days. In the process, he still did not get the feeling of peace and his restless mood continued. He came back to Vani village disheartened. Then, every day after taking bath in the morning he offered prayers to Shiva Linga by reciting Rudra mantra from the Yajurveda, for many days. He still did not get peace of mind. He then went back to the Mata temple and appealed to her to give relief to his restless mind. That night she appeared in his dream and told that the Baba she meant was Sai Samarth of Shirdi and that he should go there. The priest did not know the whereabouts of Sai Baba. Sai Baba through his divine psychic perception realised the need of the priest and so he sent his most loving devotee Madhavarao to meet the priest and bring him to his presence. Coincidentally, Madhavrao had also gone there at the advice of Baba to also offer two silver breasts to the goddess as his mother had forgotten to fulfill her vow of gifting the silver breasts to the goddess. When Madhavarao went to Vani village the priest met him and came to know that he had come from Shirdi to offer silver breast to the goddess. The priest was very pleased, and also for the first time felt peace of mind. He then took Madhavarao to the temple where the silver breasts were placed at the feet of the goddess in the sanctum as a fulfilment of his mother's vow. The priest then came to Shirdi with Madhavarao and had darshan of the Sai Baba and stayed there for 12 days and felt very peaceful. He then returned to Vani.
Features.
Saptashrungi Temple is two storied shrine with the Devi enshrined in the top floor. The Devi image is carved in a cave at the base of a sheer scarp rock face.
The Devi is said to be swayambhu (self-manifested) on a rock on the sheer face of a mountain. She is surrounded by seven ("sapta" in Sanskrit) peaks ("shrunga"in Sanskrit), hence the name: Sapta Shrungi Mata (mother of the seven peaks).
The iconography of the Saptashrungi goddess is that of the Mahalakshmi of the "Devi Mahatmya". The goddess is eighteen-armed ("ashta-dasha bhuja"), inaccurately sometimes described as "ashta-bhuja" (eight-armed). The image is about tall and appears saffron in colour, as it is covered with sindoor. As described in the "Devi-Mahatmya" legend, the goddess was gifted various weapons to slay Mahishasura. She holds these in her arms: the trishula (trident) of Shiva, the sudarshana chakra of Vishnu, the shankha (conch) of Varuna, the flames of the fire-god Agni, the bow and arrow of Vayu, the vajra (thunderbolt) and ghanta (bell) of Indra, Danda (cudgel) of Yama, akshamala (string of beads) of Daksha, kamandalu (water-pot) of Brahma, the rays of the sun-god Surya, the sword and shield of Kali, the parashu (axe) of Vishvakarma, the wine-cup of Kubera, gada (mace), lotus, lance and pasha (noose).
The Devi is decorated with high crown (like a papal tiara), and a silver nose-ring and necklaces which are the ornaments used every day. Her attire is in the form of a robe with a blouse, which are changed with new dresses every day. Before she is dressed for worship she is religiously given a formal "abhisheka" or bath; warm water is reported to be used for two days in a week. The courtyard in front of the temple has a trident or Trishula decorated with bells and lamps. There are other precious ornaments of the goddess which are normally kept at Vani in safe custody but are used to decorate the deity on special festival days. The Devi's image is painted bright red with ochre called sindoor, which is considered auspicious in this region; however, the eyes are not touched by the colour but are made of white porcelain, which shine very brightly.
A portico like structure, an addition made to the main shrine of the goddess are attributed to the Satara Commander-in-Chief and the plain structure at the beginning of the last century. Subsequent additions were made by the Chief of Vinchur.
The temple has undergone renovations recently also with creations of many facilities. The facilities created at the shrine consist of about 500 steps (474 is also mentioned) cut into the rock slopes of the hill, from above the road point, leading to the temple entrance, a community hall, a gallery for devotees to form queues and have orderly "darshan" of the goddess. The steps were built by Umabai Dabhade in 1710 AD. The steps are also seen with figures of Rama, Hanuman, Radha and Krishna, Dattatreya, and of tortoise at a few places on many temples dedicated to Durga or Mata.
It is believed that the "Devi Mahatmya", a sacred book which extols the greatness of Devi and her exploits, was composed at this place by the sage Markandeya. He performed rigorous penance on a hill opposite the one where the Devi resides; it is now named after him.
It is said that there is one flag which is said to be hoisted at the top of the mountain where Saptashrungi Devi's temple is situated. It is said that the headman of the village of Burigaon climbs up the hill on Full Moon day in the month of April. On that day, at sunrise in the morning he hoists a flag. The path which he used to climb up and down is kept a secret. It is also said that any person who tries to know this route will lose his eye sight.
During the descent from the temple complex there is a cave on the Mahonidri Mountain, which according to the local myth is from where the goddess Saptashhringi, after defeating the demons, disappeared.
Worship.
The most important festival of the Saptashrungi temple is Chaitrotsav, "the Chaitra festival". The festival starts on Rama Navami (the ninth lunar day in the bright fortnight of the Hindu month of Chaitra) and culminates on Chaitra Poornima (full moon day), the biggest day of the festival. The festival is also attended specifically by childless women making vows seeking blessings of goddess for children. About 250,000 attend the festival on the final day and as many as 1 million gather on the last three days of the nine-day festival. The devotees come from states of Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan. Many devotees also walk all the way from Nashik (), Dhule () and other towns. Devotees often circumambulate (see "pradakshina") the whole hill. Hindus generally circumbulate the deity or the sanctum, however since the goddess's icon is carved on the hill side, the whole hill has to be circumbulated. The goddess is bathed (see "abhisheka") with panchamruta ("panch" meaning five and "amruta" meaning nectar of immortality), a mixture of usually honey, sugar, milk, yogurt, and ghee, every day during the festival. On the penultimate day (the fourteenth lunar day), the goddess' banner is worshiped and then paraded through the village in attendance of the village head-man ("gavali-patil") of Daregaon village and finally hoisted on the hill peak at midnight. On the last day, devotees visit the hill top to take darshan (pay respects to) of the holy flag. This ceremony is reported to be held at least since the 15th century. Devotees who used a navas (vow) fulfill it during the festival.
On this occasion grain, flowers, coconuts, money or ornaments are the offerings made to the deity. After the daily service of abhishek (ritual bath) to the deity with water brought from the Surya "kund", offerings of "kheer" made by boiling rice, milk and sugar is made to the goddess. Cakes made of flour and butter known as "turis" are also offered. All the offerings, except the ornaments, are then taken away by the Bhopas, who are the hereditary guardians of the temple.
In Ashwin (Hindu calendar month) Shukla Paksha Dashami a big "utsav" (festival) is held at this place. Dussera and Navaratri are major festivals in the temple when, for nine days, the temple is flocked by thousands of devotees. According to the Hindu Lunar Calendar followed by the temple, Tuesday and Friday and eighth, ninth and fourteenth days are particularly special days for offering pujas (worship) to the goddess. Other festivals celebrated are the Gudi Padwa, Gokulashtami, Navratrotsav, Kojagiri, Laxmipujan, HariHar Bhet and many more, which are attended by a large number of devotees.
The rituals followed by the devotees are in the form of offering coconuts and silk cloth and also Sari and "Choli" (blouse) to the goddess. Other traditional offerings made to the deity are eyes made of silver, and making a circle of Kumkum in appropriate design around the inner ambulatory passage of the Goddess during Navratra. The "Saptashati", which is the biography of goddess, with seven hundred verses, is also recited by many devotees.
The Kathar or Kutadi community of Maharashtra while observing the Pachvi ceremony, after delivery of a child in the family, offer worship to their family deity Saptashrungi and also offer a sacrifice of a goat following this they hold the naming ceremony of the child on the 12th day.
Gondhal, an ancient folk dance-drama is presented before the deity by devotees belonging to Gondali, Bhutye, Aaradhi and Naik communities. Gondhalis who perform the Gondhal dances are also invited to perform the Gondhal during weddings and many major family festivities. The Gondhali performance, usually held at night, is accompanied by singing with accompaniment of cymbals, small drum, Sambal and Tuntune or a single string instrument.
Protection and facilities.
The seven hills are in the geological formation of the Deccan Trap comprising hard and amygdaloidal basalts, bole beds (red bole) and lateritic soils. The hill temple has been subjected to frequent damage from rockfalls in the last many years. Many pilgrims have also been injured during these rock falls; some injuries also turning fatal. The circumlocutory path around the hill has steep rock slopes and the instability of the rock formations is attributed to the fractured and columnar joints in basaltic rocks. Hence, this issue has been a subject of study by geologists to provide a solution to prevent damages to the temple and causing injuries to the pilgrims.
The route climbing up the hill is also tricky and has seen a few accidents resulting in fatalities. In 2008, a private bus fell into the valley while navigating along a U-turn resulting in deaths of 43 people. Post this incident, a few measures have been taken to prevent such accidents, like erection of barricades and warning signs. Toll collection has also started at the foot of the hill to financially provide for these measures. The measures taken were still reported to be insufficient in a news report by "Sakal" in 2010. Being a site of mass gathering on various occasions, the temple is also listed on the hit-list of terrorists. Mock drills of emergency situations are conducted by State police.
Providing various facilities for the pilgrims and taking corrective measures of security has been handled by the Shree Saptashrung Niwasini Devi Trust. This Trust was formed in 1975 and since then has brought in various developments. Extra buses are provided by the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation during festivals, especially in Chaitrotsav. In 2010, MSRTC reported an income of 8.6 million from extra buses provided during the eight days of festival. The facilities for overnight stays are also provided at the Bhakta Niwas and meals are available for all visitors at reasonable rates. Various plans have been chalked out by the State Government and the trust for development that include creating the location into a recreational spot along with the current pilgrimage site. Lack of space has been put forth as the major reason for underdevelopment. Vast areas of land space around the site are under the purview of Forest department.

</doc>
<doc id="5936301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936301" title="Hangard Airlines">
Hangard Airlines

Hangard Airlines was a Mongolian airline based in the capital, Ulan Bator. It operated charter flights inside Mongolia from its main base at Chinggis Khaan International Airport (ULN). It was privately owned.
History.
The airline was established in 1992 by Hangard Travel Agency and started operations on 1 January 1993 using the Antonov 24. The airline ceased all operations in 2001.
Destinations.
Hangard operated the following services (at February 2000):
Fleet.
The Hangard fleet consisted of 1 antonov 24 aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="5936303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936303" title="Leipheim">
Leipheim

Leipheim is a town in the district of Günzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the Danube, west of Günzburg, and northeast of Ulm. The village Riedheim and the hamlet Weissingen are districts of Leipheim. Since 1993, Leipheim has been twinned with the Hungarian town Fonyód.
History.
Between 1270 and 1373, Leipheim was owned by the family of Güß von Güssenberg who arranged for it to be granted market privileges in 1327 and town privileges in 1330 through Louis IV (Ludwig the Bavarian). In 1343, ownership was transferred to the Count of Württemberg. In 1453, the Free Imperial City of Ulm purchased the town from Count Ulrich V, Count of Württemberg for 23,000 Gulden. When Ulm converted to Protestantism in 1531, Leipheim officially turned Protestant as well.
During the German Peasants' War in 1525, roughly 5,000 peasants called the "Leipheimer Haufen" (literally: the Leipheim Bunch) gathered near Leipheim to rise against the city of Ulm and were subsequently defeated by the army of the Swabian League. During the German Mediatisation in 1803, the town was integrated into Bavaria. Leipheim was one of the few possessions of the Free Imperial City of Ulm to remain Bavarian after 1810 when Bavaria was forced to transfer certain borderland back to Württemberg. In the course of the administrative reform of Bavaria in 1818 under King Maximilian I Joseph of Bavaria, the community emerged in its current form.
In 1816/17, following the Napoleonic Wars and long periods of rain and cold, the people of Leipheim suffered famine and hardship. During this time, the city made a promise to celebrate the end of the famine, and in 1818 after a good harvest, they made good on this promise by creating the "Kinderfest" (literal: festival of children). Up to this day, the festival is held every year on the second weekend of July, incorporating traditional elements commemorating the end of the famine through song and dance, as well as a modern fairground and beer garden atmosphere.
With the construction of the railroad section Ulm-Augsburg in 1853, Leipheim gained further economic significance. In 1937, construction of the autobahn A8 and the motorway bridge crossing the Danube was completed. The air base, which saw the mass production of the cargo glider Messerschmitt Me 321 and the first strategic transport aircraft Messerschmitt Me 323, was built the same year. The first flight of the prototype of the Messerschmitt Me 262 "Schwalbe" (Swallow), the world's first operational turbojet fighter aircraft took place in Leipheim on July 18, 1942. From 1944, the aircraft was mass-produced (around 800 units).
After the end of World War II in 1945, a displaced persons camp for Jewish survivors was established on the premises of the former air base. This camp, which sheltered up to 3,150 people, was disbanded in June 1950. After 1957 the area was used for military air traffic again until 1993.
The city's coat of arms (a blue shield with a golden diagonal bar and three six-pointed stars in red) has been in use since the 14th century and has first been sourced in 1404. The colors are the ones of the family of Güß von Güssenberg. The coat of arms in its current form first emerged the early 19th century. Recently, Leipheim has adopted a modern logo, the city's signature followed by a red circle with a black exclamation mark inside, which is now being used on all official publications to evoke a corporate identity.
Economy.
Leipheim is home to three of the four Germany-based production areas of Wanzl, a large manufacturer of shopping carts operating worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="5936308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936308" title="Ugra-Karma">
Ugra-Karma

Ugra-Karma is the second full-length album by Finnish black metal band Impaled Nazarene. It was originally released on December 1, 1993 via Osmose Productions, and re-released in 1998 with two bonus tracks (taken from the "Satanic Masowhore" EP) and a different cover art, because the original one was taken without permission from a work by Madame Koslovsky; Osmose was sued because of that.
"Ugra-Karma" is a term in Sanskrit that denotes a bad, harmful action.

</doc>
<doc id="5936314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936314" title="Classical guitar accessories">
Classical guitar accessories

Guitar support.
A guitar support is an ergonomic alternative to the more commonly used foot-stool. The guitar support lifts the guitar from the player's knee while he or she keeps both feet firmly on the ground. This it is argued improves overall posture by reducing the twisting of the body normally associated with the use of a foot-rest. Flamenco guitarists and acoustic players also benefit from this modern alternative.
Armrest.
Some guitar makers, like Greg Smallman propose an armrest integrated to the guitar. An armrest provides three primary benefits: it lessens damping of the top caused by the right forearm; it is potentially more comfortable for the player; and it absorbs the wear to the finish that would otherwise happen on the top, the binding, and the side. These benefits are of particular importance for ultra-thin-topped instruments, such as Smallman’s, but will subtly improve any guitar, including double-tops. The Rasgueo-Rest armrest additionally helps large and tall players avoid hunching-over the Guitar, since the Guitar's surface area is in effect, "expanded" using the arm-rest, giving the arm-height support needed for good playing posture.
Capo.
A capo for a classical - or a flamenco - guitar differs from that used on a steel strung guitar in that it is designed to fit the flat profile of the guitar's neck.
See Capo and Shubb Deluxe for nylon strings.
Slide.
Porcelain and ceramic slides are better for nylon strings.
See Dunlop Manufacturing and Slide guitar.
Strap Lock.
A strap lock system is an easy and secure way to keep the strap on the guitar. Can be used for acoustic and electric guitars and bass.
Bibliography.
The Guitarist's Guide to Fingernails by Rico Stover. Mel Bay Publications inc. ISBN 0-7866-7395-8
Amps.
Selection of the some classical guitar amplifiers:

</doc>
<doc id="5936327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936327" title="Nikos Gatsos">
Nikos Gatsos

Nikos Gatsos (; 8 December 1911 – 12 May 1992) was a Greek poet, translator and lyricist.
Biography.
Nikos Gatsos was born in 1911 in Asea in Arcadia, a district of the Peloponnese, where he finished primary school ("dimotiko"). He attended high school ("gymnasio") in Tripoli, where he became acquainted with literature and foreign languages. Afterwards, he moved to Athens, where he studied literature, philosophy, and history at the University of Athens for two years only. His knowledge of English and French was quite good and he was already familiar with Kostis Palamas, Dionysios Solomos, Greek folk songs, and recent trends in European poetry. In Athens, he came in contact with the literary circles of the day becoming one of the lifelong friends of fellow poet Odysseus Elytis and published his poems, small in extent and in a classic style, in the magazines "Nea Estia" (1931–32) and "Rythmos" (1933). During that period he also published criticism in "Makedonikes Imeres" (Μακεδονικές Ημέρες), "Rythmos" (Ρυθμός), and "Nea Grammata" (Νέα Γράμματα) (for Kostis Bastias, Myrtiotissa, and Thrasos Kastanakis, respectively).
In 1935 he lived in France, in Paris and the South of France.
In 1936 he met Odysseus Elytis, his "brother" in poetry.
In 1943, Aetos published his long poem "Amorgos", a major contribution to contemporary Greek poetry notable especially for its combination of surrealism with traditional Greek folk poetry motifs. He subsequently published three more poems: "Elegeio" (1946) in "Filologika Chronika", "The Knight and Death" (Ο ιππότης κι ο θάνατος) (1947), and "Song of Old Times" (Τραγούδι του παλιού καιρού) (1963), dedicated to Yorgos Seferis, in "Tachydromos" magazine.
After World War II, he worked with the "Greek-British Review" as a translator and with Ellinikí Radiofonía as a radio director. During that period he also began writing lyrics for the music of Manos Hadjidakis, opening a brilliant career in modern Greek songwriting. In due course he also collaborated with Mikis Theodorakis and other notable composers.
His work as a whole combines universal poetic themes such as the problems of evil, injustice, sacrifice, and the pains of love, with more specifically Greek concerns such as the sorrows of exile.
His capability to handle language with accuracy led the "Art Theatre", the "National Theatre" and the "Popular Theatre" of Greece to entrust him with translations of various plays -translations that became "legendary"- first and foremost being "Blood Wedding" by Federico Garcia Lorca.
He had a special relationship with Manos Hadjidakis and Nana Mouskouri. His British friends were Philip Sherrard, Peter Levi and Peter Jay, and his Irish friend, Desmond O'Grady.
He died in Athens on 12 May 1992.
Translation.
Nikos Gatsos devoted considerable time to translating plays from various languages in Greek, mainly for the Greek National Theatre, the Greek Theatre of Art, and the Greek Popular Theatre. In 1944, he translated (for "Filologika Chronika") the poem "Night song" by Federico García Lorca. He also translated the following plays:
All of the plays he translated were staged at the Greek National Theatre and the Greek Theatre of Art. He also associated with the magazines "Nea Estia", "Tram", "Makedonikes Imeres", "Mikro Tetradio", "Nea Grammata", "Filologika Chronika", and "Kallitechnika Nea". In addition, he directed plays during his association with Greek radio.
Lyrics.
Nikos Gatsos played a great role, as a poet, in Greek song. He wrote lyrics for major Greek composers, including Manos Hadjidakis, Mikis Theodorakis, Stavros Xarchakos, Demos Moutsis, Loukianos Kelaidonis, Christodoulos Chalaris and Eleni Karaindrou. He wrote lyrics for several films and for the Elia Kazan's "America-America". His lyrics are known over the world because of Nana Mouskouri.
His lyrics are collected in the book "Ola ta tragoudia" (Patakis, 1999).
Select bibliography.
The following bibliography includes Gatsos' major publications in Greek and books consisting of or including a substantial number of English translations of Gatsos' writings. The Greek text of "Amorgos," Gatsos' most famous work, is not given an individual entry since it went through a number of editions in Greek, most of which are now out of print.
Nikos Gatsos. "Theatro kai poiēsē: Phederiko Gkarthia Lorka." Hellēnikē apodosē. Ikaros 1990.
Nikos Gatsos. "Physa aeraki, physa me mē chamēlōneis isame." prometōpida Odyssea Elytē; partitoura Manou Chatzidaki. Ikaros Ekdotikē Hetairia 1992.
Nikos Gatsos. "Amorgos." translated by Sally Purcell. (1980; repr. 1986; repr. London, Anvil Press Poetry, 1998.
M. Byron Raizis. "Greek Poetry Translations." Athens, Efstathiadis, 1981.
Peter Bien, Peter Constantine, Edmund Keeley, Karen Van Dyck. "A century of Greek poetry:1900-2000," Bilingual ed. River Vale, NJ, Cosmos Pub., 2004.
"The Charioteer: An Annual Review of Modern Greek Culture" number 36 1995-1996 (Special double issue Nikos Gatsos)
Kimon Friar. "Modern Greek Poetry." Athens, Edstathiadis, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="5936330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936330" title="Enabling clause">
Enabling clause

In 1979, as part of the Tokyo Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), the enabling clause was adopted in order to permit trading preferences targeted at developing and least developed countries which would otherwise violate Article I of the GATT. Paragraph 2(a) provides a legal basis for extending the Generalized System of Preferences (GSP) beyond the original 10 years. In practice it gave a permanent validity to the GSP. The enabling clause permits developed countries to discriminate between different categories of trading partners (in particular, between developed, developing and least developed countries) which would otherwise violate Article I of the GATT which stipulates that no GATT contracting party must be treated worse than any other (this is known as most favoured nation treatment). In effect, this allows developed countries to give preferential treatment to poorer countries, particularly to least developed countries. Paragraph 2(c) permits developing countries to enter into preferential trade agreements which do not meet the strict criteria laid out in GATT Article XXIV for regional free-trade agreements. It allows developing countries to enter into agreements which may be non-reciprocal, or cover a very limited range of products (which would otherwise contravene the GATT).
External links.
s

</doc>
<doc id="5936337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936337" title="Jadassohn">
Jadassohn

Jadassohn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5936350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936350" title="Count of Girona">
Count of Girona

The Counts of Girona (, ) ruled over the County of Girona, the earliest-established of the Catalan Counties which formed the "Marca Hispanica". They were:

</doc>
<doc id="5936353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936353" title="Leon Wood">
Leon Wood

Osie Leon Wood III (born March 25, 1962), is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 1st round (10th overall) of the 1984 NBA Draft. A 6'3" shooting guard from Saint Monica Catholic High School and California State University-Fullerton, Wood played in six NBA seasons for six different teams. He played for the 76ers, Washington Bullets, New Jersey Nets, San Antonio Spurs, Atlanta Hawks and Sacramento Kings. He also had a short stint in Germany for MTV 1846 Giessen, where he was signed for the playoffs and appeared in three games, scoring a total of 77 points. He also played for CAI Zaragoza (ACB League) in the 1988-1989 season.
In his NBA career, Wood played in 274 games and scored a total of 1,742 points (6.4 points per game). He also won a gold medal as a member of the 1984 U.S. Olympic basketball team coached by Bobby Knight.
Wood is currently an NBA official.

</doc>
<doc id="5936365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936365" title="Sport in North Korea">
Sport in North Korea

North Korea participates in both traditional and western sports.
Arirang.
A popular sporting event in North Korea is the annual Arirang Festival, held at Rungnado May Day Stadium in Pyongyang on April 15 of every year, in celebration of the birthdate of Kim il-Sung. The main attraction of Arirang is the mass gymnastics display, a vast performance featuring tens of thousands of performers, including card-turning mosaic performers who occupy seats in the stands directly across from spectators for the "backdrop" display. Often, performers (including card-turners) outnumber the spectators during these displays.
Football.
1966 World Cup.
In 1966, the national football team advanced to the FIFA World Cup held in England. After sixteen teams withdrew from qualifying in the Asian/African Zone, the North Korean team had a two-game series against Australia in Phnom Penh, Cambodia. The North Koreans won both games and qualified for the World Cup.
After losing 3-0 to the Soviet Union, and drawing with Chile, the North Koreans defeated Italy 1-0.
In the quarterfinal round, the North Koreans faced the Portugal national football team. The North Koreans scored three unanswered goals in the first 24 minutes. Portugal needed a four-goal effort by Eusébio to pull out a 5-3 victory.
2010 World Cup.
The "Chollima" did not qualify for any further World Cup finals until they advanced to the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Both Koreas qualified for the 2010 finals, but they were in different first-round groups. The second-round knockout stage of the tournament was set up so the two Korean sides could not meet till the semifinals. The North Korea team failed to get past the group stages, finishing bottom of the group and losing all three matches.
Domestic Football.
North Korea has domestic leagues for both men and women, and all games take place at Kim Il-sung Stadium in Pyongyang. Traditionally major teams in the men's league include "April 25", "Pyongyang Municipal", and "Rimyongsu".
In September 2010, the first official friendly match between a domestic football team and a foreign club took place in the Kim Il-Sung Stadium. In these two matches Singapore-based "German All Stars" (GAS) played two matches against the 2nd and 3rd team of Pyongyang. The matches ended 1-0 respectively 4-2 for the Korean side. GAS Midfielder Matthias Bertl became the first German footballer to ever score a goal in the DPRK and also the first ever to score two goals. Further first-time records were set by Rene Schieber with the first ever shot on goal by a German footballer and Hendrik Bohne being the first footballer to nutmeg a DPRK player during an official match. As part of the team Simone Magnani become the first ever Italian to play a friendly in the DPRK. The Team was led by Florian Schmidt as the Captain for the opening match and consisted further of Steffen Schacher, Ingo Hartmann, Joerg Buenzel, Dr. Hermann Bergmann, Denis Mecklenburg, Philipp von Pein, Helge Muenkel and Thomas Berner in addition to previous mentioned players.
Domestic Football for Women.
Since 1993, the women's football team has seen more success on the national stage than the men's side, qualifying for the 1999, 2003 and 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup. In 1999, the team defeated Denmark during the group stage, and in 2003 defeated African champion Nigeria. The women's team has established itself as one of the strongest in Asia, winning the 2001 and 2003 AFC Women's Asian Cups after finishing as the runner-up in 1993 and 1997.
In September 2010, the Middlesbrough Ladies football team toured the country for a series of friendlies. They played two matches, unaware that they would be playing professional sides. They played 4.25 Sports Group, losing 6-2, and Kalmaegi, losing 5-0. The visit gave Middlesbrough their largest ever attendance, with both matches attracting 6,000 people each, beating the previous record of 1,000 when they played Arsenal Ladies.
Ice hockey.
North Korea has a men’s team that is ranked 45th out of 49 in the IIHF and will compete in Division II in 2011. A domestic hockey league began operations in 1955, the same year the Ice Hockey Association of the DPR Korea was founded. Clubs are based in such cities as Pyongyang, Kaesong, Kanggye and Nampho.
The women’s team is ranked 26 out of 34 and competes in Division II.
Golf.
North Korea currently has one golf course in use; the Pyongyang Golf Complex. The course is 18 holes and situated 20 miles from Pyongyang. In 2011 the first ever DPRK Amateur Golf Open took place and is now an annual event, open to nationalities from all around the world.
Basketball.
North Korea is also active in basketball, with a national team that represents the nation in international competitions. In December 2013, former American basketball professional Dennis Rodman visited North Korea to help train the national team after he developed a friendship with President Kim Jong-un during his first visit to the country in February 2013.
North Korea in the Olympics.
North Korea's first Summer Olympics appearance on its own was in the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany, taking home five medals, including one gold. Four years later, in Montreal, the nation took one gold and one silver in boxing, and took five medals in boxing, freestyle wrestling, and weightlifting in Moscow. In 1984, the nation joined the Eastern bloc boycott of the Los Angeles Games, and four years later, boycotted the Games held in Seoul due to the South's unwillingness to co-host the event with the North. Despite a mostly unified Communist boycott in 1984, Cuba, Ethiopia, Madagascar, Nicaragua, and Seychelles joined the North Korean boycott in 1988.
The nation returned to Olympic competition in 1992 at the Barcelona Games, winning an unprecedented nine medals in Spain, four of them gold.
At the Athens Games in 2004, the North and South marched together in the opening and closing ceremonies under the Unification Flag, but competed separately. North Korea has medaled in every Summer Olympics they have participated in.
North Korean athletes have competed in several Winter Olympics competitions as well, first competing at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck. Han Pil-Hwa took silver medal in the women's 3000 meters of speed skating at the game. Another North Korean Winter Olympic medal was a bronze in 1992 at the Albertville Games when Hwang Ok-Sil took third place in the women's 500 meters of short-track speed skating. The North and South again marched under the Unification Flag at the Turin Games in 2006.
Professional wrestling.
In 1995, a crew from defunct national professional wrestling promotion World Championship Wrestling, led by company Executive Producer Eric Bischoff and former World Champion Ric Flair among others, flew to Pyongyang via China to participate in an "International Peace Festival" co-organised by North Korea and Japanese politician Antonio Inoki, himself a former professional wrestling icon. Over the course of two days, WCW played to an audience of 340,000, at Pyongyang May Day stadium, the largest ever audience for a professional wrestling show, with a main event on the final night of Inoki vs. Flair, with a guest appearance by boxing icon Muhammad Ali.
Matches from the two shows, as well as footage from inside Pyongyang and a mass gymnastic display, were released on pay-per-view and VHS some 17 months after the event, entitled Collision in Korea, and though the PPV performed dismally, pulling a 0.15, the VHS release has become something of a cult hit among longtime wrestling fans and North Korean culture enthusiasts, the atmosphere of the show being so radically different from American wrestling's usual bombast and pageantry.
Sport in North Korean cinema.
Two English language documentaries have been created by British filmmaker Daniel Gordon involving North Korean sport.
The 2002 film "The Game of Their Lives" details the seven surviving members of the 1966 World Cup team.
The 2004 film "A State of Mind" follows two child gymnasts and their families as they prepare for the 2003 Arirang Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="5936366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936366" title="Lengefeld">
Lengefeld

Lengefeld is a town and a former municipality in the district Erzgebirgskreis, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated in the Ore Mountains, 23 km southeast of Chemnitz. On 1 January 2014 it was merged with the municipality Pockau to form the town Pockau-Lengefeld. 

</doc>
<doc id="5936371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936371" title="Midžor">
Midžor

Midžor (, , ) is a peak in the Balkan Mountains, situated on the border between Bulgaria and Serbia. At , it is the highest peak of the Western Balkan Mountains, as well as the highest of Serbia outside Kosovo.</ref> Midžor is the 12th highest peak in the Balkan Mountains.
Bulgaria.
Since the early 1990s, Midžor has been accessible to tourists from both sides; previously, access was forbidden due to the peak being in the border area. Due to those restrictions, the nature around the peak has been preserved untouched. On the Bulgarian side, the peak is reachable from the villages of Chuprene and Gorni Lom in Vidin Province.
Chuprene.
From Chuprene there are two possibilities for climbing. There is a 17 km dirt road following the river Chprenska to the Gorski Ray refuge (1,450 m) or a 9 km foot track following the river Manastirska.
From the refuge there is a marked track which passes through the Chuprene biosphere reserve and leads to the main summit on a saddle between the peaks Replyanska Tsarkva (1,969 m) and Ostra Chuka (1967 m). To the south east through the peaks Ostra Chuka and Oba (2,033 m) the track reaches a saddle from where the Lom River and the Timok flow out at border stone 336. From there Midžor can be climbed from the north-western slope.
Gorni Lom.
At 7 km from the village of Gorni Lom is located the Gorni Lom refuge (840 m). There is also another refuge upstream called Midžor. There are steep tracks from there leading to the saddle between Oba and Midžor at border stone 336 from where the both tracks from the two villages merge.
Economy.
The source of the Lom River is at the foot of the peak. A cascade of small hydroelectric power plants is in operation on the river near Midžor and four more are under construction. Chuprene biosphere reserve which is under the protection of UNESCO is situated to the west of the peak. It is one of the last sanctuaries in Bulgaria where the Capercaillie nests.
A special permission from border police Sofia is required in order to ascend to the peak.
Serbia.
The extreme peak of the western mountain is north of the village of Topli Dol, located in the centre of Serbian Stara Planina, between Tri Čuke (1936 m) on the SE side and Babin Zub (1758 m) on the SW side. The massif of the Midžor peak is substantial. Its western, eastern, and southern slopes are grassy and not so steep, while its northern side is rocky and very steep. This side is also the most attractive and very popular among rock climbers.
It is the highest peak in Serbia outside of Kosovo, and the 24th highest in the whole of Serbia if Kosovo is included.
There is a hotel called "Babin Zub" on the slopes. There are no fees or permits needed to enter the Serbian Stara Planina.

</doc>
<doc id="5936390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936390" title="Alan Ashby">
Alan Ashby

Alan Dean Ashby (born July 8, 1951) is an American former professional baseball player and current radio and television sports commentator. He played as a catcher in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Indians, Toronto Blue Jays, and Houston Astros.
Playing career.
Cleveland Indians (1973–1976).
Born in Long Beach, California, Ashby attended San Pedro High School in Los Angeles where he was selected by the Cleveland Indians in the third round of the 1969 Major League Baseball Draft. After spending four seasons in the minor leagues, he made his major league debut with the Indians on July 3, 1973 at the age of 21. In his first game, Ashby was a defensive replacement in the ninth inning, as he caught Jerry Johnson to a scoreless inning as the Indians lost the game 5-4 against the Detroit Tigers. The next day, on July 4, Ashby was in the starting line-up, going 1 for 4 with an RBI in Cleveland's 5-2 win over the Tigers. Ashby collected his first career hit off of Tigers pitcher Mike Strahler in his first career at-bat. On September 29, Ashby hit his first career home run, hitting a two-run home run off of Baltimore Orioles pitcher Mike Cuellar. Ashby finished the 1973 season appearing in 11 games with Cleveland, batting .172 with 1 HR and 2 RBI.
Ashby would play in only 10 games with the Indians in 1974, hitting .143 with no home runs or RBI, however, in 1975, Ashby would share the Indians catching duties with John Ellis, appearing in 90 games, hitting .224 with 5 HR and 32 RBI. In 1976, Ashby shared playing time with Ray Fosse, and in 89 games, he improved his batting average to .239, as Ashby hit 4 HR and 32 RBI. On November 5, 1976, the Indians traded Ashby and Doug Howard to the Toronto Blue Jays in exchange for Al Fitzmorris. Ashby and Howard became the first players acquired via trade for the newly estasblished Blue Jays.
Toronto Blue Jays (1977–1978).
Ashby saw the majority of time catching the Toronto Blue Jays during the 1977 season, as he appeared in 124 games, batting .210 with 2 HR and 29 RBI. Ashby was second in the American League, catching 59 base stealers, and his caught stealing percentage of 48% ranked fourth in the league.
Despite seeing his playing time dip to 81 games in 1978, Ashby improved his offensive numbers, hitting .261 with 9 HR and 29 RBI, as Ashby shared the Blue Jays catching duties with Rick Cerone. On November 27, the Blue Jays traded Ashby to the Houston Astros for J.J. Cannon, Pedro Hernandez, and Mark Lemongello.
Houston Astros (1979–1989).
Ashby joined the Houston Astros for the 1979 season, and in his second game with the team on April 7, Ashby caught his first career no-hitter, as Astros pitcher Ken Forsch held the Atlanta Braves to no hits in a 6-0 Astros victory. In his first season with the team, Ashby appeared in 108 games, hitting .202 with 2 home runs and 35 RBI.
In 1980, Ashby saw his offensive numbers improve, as he batted .256 with 3 HR and 48 RBI in 116 games. He appeared in his first playoff series, as Ashby played in two games in the 1980 National League Championship Series, hitting .125 with 0 home runs and 1 RBI, as Houston lost to the Philadelphia Phillies.
During the 1981 season, Ashby caught his second career no-hitter, as Nolan Ryan kept the Los Angeles Dodgers hitless on September 26, pitching the fifth no-hitter of his career. Ashby continued to see his offensive numbers improve, as in 83 games, Ashby hit .271 with 4 HR and 33 RBI. In the post-season, Ashby appeared in three games, hitting .111 with 1 HR and 2 RBI as the Astros lost to the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 1981 National League Division Series.
In 1982, Ashby became the first Astros player to hit two home runs in a game from both sides of the plate in the same game, as he accomplished this feat on September 27, hitting the home runs against John Montefusco and Chris Welsh in a 7-3 victory over the San Diego Padres. Ashby played in 100 games during the season, hitting .257 with 12 home runs and 49 RBI. His 12 home runs were the second highest total on the team, one fewer than Phil Garner.
During the 1983 season, Ashby saw his batting average dip to .229, while hitting 8 HR and 34 RBI in 87 games. In 1984, Ashby became the Astros back-up catcher, as Mark Bailey played the majority of the games for Houston. In 66 games, Ashby hit .262 with 4 HR and 27 RBI. In 1985, Ashby played in only 65 games, his lowest total since 1974, however, he played well in his limited playing time, batting .280 with 8 home runs and 25 RBI.
Ashby recaptured the Astros starting catching job in 1986, and helped guide the team's pitching staff to lead the National League in strikeouts and finish the season with the league's second best team earned run average. On September 25, he tied a National League record when he caught his third career no-hitter, as Mike Scott pitched a no-hitter against the San Francisco Giants to clinch the National League West division title for Houston. In the 1986 National League Championship Series, Ashby hit .130 with 1 HR and 2 RBI as the Astros lost to the New York Mets in a six-game series.
Ashby had the best season of his career in 1987, as he appeared in a career high 125 games, batting .288 with 14 HR and 63 RBI, all the best totals of his career, in a season when he turned 36 years old. He also led the league's catchers with a .993 fielding percentage.
Ashby saw his production, and playing time, decrease in 1988, as in 73 games, Ashby hit .238 with 7 HR and 33 RBI. The trend continued into the 1989 season, as Ashby appeared in 22 games, hitting .164 with 0 HR and 3 RBI. He played in his final major league game on May 9, 1989 at the age of 37. On May 11, 1989, the Astros released Ashby.
Career statistics.
In a seventeen-year career, Ashby played in 1,370 games, accumulating 1,010 hits in 4,123 at bats for a .245 career batting average along with 90 home runs, 513 runs batted in and a .320 on-base percentage. He ended his career with a .986 fielding percentage. Ashby led National League catchers three times in range factor, and once in fielding percentage. He caught 107 shutouts in his career, ranking him 24th all-time among major league catchers.
Broadcasting and managing career.
Following his playing career, he moved into broadcasting as he telecast HSE Southwestern Conference Baseball in 1990 and served as Sports Director and Anchor for KHTV Channel 39 Houston from 1990 to 1992. He was the host of the Houston Rockets Show and the Houston Cougars Football's John Jenkins Show. He then served as the co-host of Inside Houston, a televised business magazine in 1994 & 1995.
Along with his broadcasting career he returned to baseball as a Minor League Manager for the Rio Grande Valley WhiteWings in the Texas-Louisiana League in 1994 and 1995. He served as Manager of the Houston Astros' Florida State League (A) affiliate, the Kissimmee Cobras in 1996. He went on to join the Major League coaching staff for the Astros in 1997 as Bullpen Coach. In 1998 began working as the color commentator for Astros' radio broadcasts. He served in that capacity until the 2006 season when the Astros let him go. Speculation suggests that his forthright broadcasting style may have found disfavor with ownership. He was inducted into the Texas Sports Hall of Fame in 2000.
In 2007, Ashby signed a three-year contract to become the color commentator and secondary play-by-play man on the Toronto Blue Jays radio broadcasts, and subsequently signed for another five-year term. He was teamed up with incumbent play-by-play man Jerry Howarth. From 2011, Ashby also served on occasion as the Blue Jays' play-by-play and color commentator on their Sportsnet telecasts.
During the Houston Astros 50th Anniversary season in 2012, Ashby was selected as the starting catcher on the Astros All-Time 25-Man Roster. Also in 2012, Ashby was voted through to Round 2 of the 2013 Ford C. Frick Award ballot, becoming one of the top 41 candidates for the Baseball Hall of Fame baseball broadcaster award. Ashby is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
On January 4, 2013, Ashby resigned from his position at Sportsnet The Fan-590 to join Houston's television broadcast team alongside Bill Brown in the Houston Astros' TV broadcasting department, replacing Jim Deshaies. Astros games began to be televised this same year on CSN Houston, the team's new regional sports network partnership with the NBA's Houston Rockets.

</doc>
<doc id="5936395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936395" title="Ryukishi07">
Ryukishi07

Career.
Ryukishi07, who was interested in video games, anime, and manga, studied at a vocational school that specialized in art. During that time, he wrote doujinshi. During his time in college, he tried to write manga and novels, but he came to realize that "No matter your passion for something, without skill, you can never make it as a professional." One day, he met with a colleague from a theatre troupe, and he was inspired to write a play called which he submitted to a contest that he later lost.
After graduating from the vocational school, he dreamed of becoming a video game developer, so he focused on finding a job at a video game manufacturer. However, none of his attempts at this were successful. Reluctantly, he took up a position at a menswear store, but after a few months, he tentatively took up an offer for a civil service position based on the civil service test that he had taken during the job search.
Reactions to worldwide spread of his works.
In a 2012 interview with Damien Bandrac for the Journal du Japon, Ryukishi07 said that: "Initially, my audience was otaku who attend Comiket, which are a very small fraction of Japanese otaku, themselves a small part of Japanese people in general! I never thought for one second that I could be read, published, edited at the other end of the planet, in France... As for Higurashi, I never thought that people outside Japan might be interested. Umineko in particular is a text that even Japanese people can have difficulty reading. So, to imagine that foreigners have made the effort to read it, understand it, and translate it, is an indescribable happiness to me."
Writing process.
Ryukishi07's writing has been described as alternating between "macabre scenes and schoolboy humor". He has said that, "a story should be like a roller coaster. That is to say before writing a really cruel scene, I have to lift the people's spirits, for example, with a fun scene... Before writing a scene of pure despair, we must go through scenes of hope. And indeed, when I write, all of this amuses me very much."
He has cited Agatha Christie's "And Then There Were None" as one of his major influences.

</doc>
<doc id="5936399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936399" title="Halau">
Halau

A hālau is Hawaiian word meaning a school, academy, or group. Literally, the word means "a branch from which many leaves grow." Today a hālau usually describes a hula school (hālau hula).
The teacher at the hālau is the kumu hula, where kumu means source of knowledge, or literally just teacher. Often you will find that there is a hierarchy in hula schools - starting with the kumu (teacher), alaka'i (leader), kokua (helpers), and then the 'olapa (dancers) or haumana (students). 
The word was also used for the long open-air houses, often constructed at the shores, where the instruction took place.
An example has been reconstructed at the Kaloko-Honokōhau National Historical Park.
A common Hawaiian adage is "Aohe pau ka ike i kāu hālau," which means "Don't think that all wisdom resides in your hālau."

</doc>
<doc id="5936405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936405" title="Philosophy and Literature">
Philosophy and Literature

Philosophy and Literature is an academic journal founded in 1977. It explores the connections between literary and philosophical studies by presenting ideas on the aesthetics of literature, critical theory, and the philosophical interpretation of literature. The journal, which has been characterized as "culturally conservative," aims to challenge "the cant and pretensions of academic priesthoods by publishing an assortment of lively, wide-ranging essays, notes, and reviews that are written in clear, jargon-free prose." 
The journal is published twice a year in April and October by the Johns Hopkins University Press. Circulation is 823 and the average length of an issue is 224 pages. The current editors are Denis Dutton of the University of Canterbury and Garry Hagberg of Bard College.

</doc>
<doc id="5936423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936423" title="John Sawatsky">
John Sawatsky

Ferdinand John Sawatzky (born 1948) is a Canadian author, journalist and expert on interviewing techniques.
Early career.
Born in Winkler, Manitoba, he graduated from Mennonite Educational Institute in Abbotsford and attended Simon Fraser University in the late 1960s. Graduating in political science, he started his career as an investigative reporter. In the 1970s, while working as the Ottawa correspondent for the "Vancouver Sun", he published a series of articles on misdeeds of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
He quit daily journalism in 1979 and wrote a number of books, including a biography of Canadian prime minister Brian Mulroney published 1991.
He received the 1976 Michener Award for his articles about the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) and he later wrote a number of books on the RCMP and Canadian espionage.
Academic career.
In 1982, Sawatsky began teaching classes in investigative journalism at various Canadian universities and has been an adjunct professor of journalism at Carleton University's School of Journalism since 1991. Sawatsky also works as a consultant in the practice of interviewing and has been involved in interview training for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation since 1991. He has taught interviewing techniques to television anchors, reporters and print journalists in many parts of the world, including Singapore, The United States, Sweden, Norway, and Denmark.
He currently teaches an interview-technique seminar for sports reporters for ESPN. The seminar focuses on remedying the sloppy and ineffective interviewing techniques often employed by many of today's major television and cable news interviewers. In 2004, he was hired full time by ESPN as senior director of talent development.
Awards and distinctions.
Sawatsky was awarded the Michener Award in 1976 for his series of pieces on the RCMP. He also received an SFU Outstanding Alumni Awards from his alma mater in 1985, the Ottawa 1992 non-fiction book award for his biography of Brian Mulroney and the "Ottawa Citizen" book of the year award for "Insiders".

</doc>
<doc id="5936429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936429" title="Lengenfeld">
Lengenfeld

Lengenfeld is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. During World War II, a subcamp of Flossenbürg concentration camp was located here. The town is situated 19 km southwest of Zwickau, and 18 km northeast of Plauen.

</doc>
<doc id="5936432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936432" title="2 Bit Pie">
2 Bit Pie

2 Bit Pie are an English electronic music group formed in 2005 as a collaboration between Fluke and many other musicians, some of whom had previously worked with Fluke, and others who already have vast experience within the music industry, such as Andy Gray.
The band's first release was "Nobody Never" which was released on 12" Vinyl in 2005. This was followed by a period of inactivity before the announcement via the band's label, One Little Indian, that the band's debut album, "2Pie Island" was released on 4 September 2006.
History and lineup.
2 Bit Pie is the direct descendant of Fluke, the group including both of the current Fluke members, Mike Bryant and Jon Fugler. Both Bryant and Fugler have a writing credit each for every song on "2Pie Island" with Andy Gray listed as an additional credit on "Fly" and "Nobody Never". Gray had previously worked with Korn and Paul Oakenfold and is a firmly established figure in the music production industry. The group's vocals are provided by Jon Fugler, who was also the vocalist for Fluke, with additional singing provided by Yukiko Ishii, formerly of Tokyo based trip-hop band She Shell, Dilshani Weerasinghe, of the Royal Opera, Louise Marshall, Margo Buchannon and Marli Buck.

</doc>
<doc id="5936445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936445" title="EVO Smart Console">
EVO Smart Console

EVO Smart Console (originally called Evo: Phase One) was a Media PC and game console marketed in the seventh generation era, and produced by Envizions. The beta, called "EVO: Phase One", was released on October 20, 2006, and the final product was released on November 20, 2008.
The system uses Linux software, which is built using the "Fedora" operating system. The system came bundled with three games; SuperTux, Kobo Deluxe, and Kid Destiny. The console also features high definition (HD), Internet access, and allows running Windows games. It also has a built-in 120 GB hard drive and 2 GB RAM.
Final version.
The final name of the system was "EVO Smart Console", and was released to developers on November 20, 2008 and it cost $250. The latest version had Amiga-based games, an Akimbo-based video on demand service. It also had a larger, 250 GB hard drive, 1080p resolution, and its own Fedora-based Linux operating system, "Mirrors Evolution". There are open source codes for developers to make Linux games.
Successors.
EVO 2 DX.
, Envizions said it was developing the "EVO 2 DX", a gaming PC running both Windows and Android operating systems. It was rumored to have the ability to play Android games using motion gesturing, and have a version which would play Blu-ray Discs.
As of the cancellation of the EVO 2, it is unknown what the situation with the EVO 2 DX is.
EVO 2.
The EVO 2 is a cancelled game console project first mentioned on an Envizions press release in January 9, 2011 under the name "GameBox", it was unveiled on May 25, 2011, with specs, images, and a new name. The sources stated it was supposed to be released in fall 2011. Their website had previously stated that the console would ship in 2012.
On November 28, 2012, Envizions CEO Derrick Samuels announced a new Android console, "Oton", from his new startup called 'EnGeniux', effectively ending EVO 2's development.

</doc>
<doc id="5936450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936450" title="Mary Magdalene (1910 play)">
Mary Magdalene (1910 play)

Mary Magdalene is a 1910 play by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck. It inspired a symphonic work by Kosaku Yamada.

</doc>
<doc id="5936469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936469" title="Verrado">
Verrado

Verrado is a master-planned community located in the Town of Buckeye, Arizona, approximately west of downtown Phoenix. The development, at the base of the White Tank Mountains, is the largest suburban community in Metropolitan Phoenix in which the concept of New Urbanism was utilized. It is planned to contain over 14,000 dwelling units at full build out. Verrado is a DMB Associates, Inc. development.
Main Street District.
The development features an "old-town America" inspired Main Street with several merchants, including:
Located on the second and third floors above the retail district are the Main Street Lofts, operated by PB Bell Company.
Neighborhoods.
Verrado's townhouses and single-family residences radiate from the Main Street District. The design of these neighborhoods was based on that of American neighborhoods of the early twentieth century, including those of nearby Phoenix's historic districts. Some homes feature garages that are accessed from a rear alley rather than from the street to provide for a more traditional street-scape.
Education.
Verrado is situated within 3 school districts: Litchfield Elementary School District #79, Agua Fria Union High School District #216 and Saddle Mountain Unified School District #90. The community currently contains three schools, in addition to the Goddard School for Early Childhood Development (ages 6 months-6 years).

</doc>
<doc id="5936474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936474" title="Healey, Ossett">
Healey, Ossett

Healey is a small village and industrial district on the east bank of the River Calder in the southwestern outskirts of Ossett, near Wakefield in West Yorkshire, England. It developed during the industrial revolution when three cloth and fulling mills were built.
The railway sidings at Healey Mills are located to the east of the village, south of Ossett and west of Horbury between Wakefield Kirkgate railway station and Mirfield railway station on the former Manchester and Leeds Railway. The sidings were redeveloped as part of the British Rail Modernisation Plan as a hump marshalling yard.
History.
There is evidence of human activity around Healey from prehistoric and historic times including Bronze Age burials, agriculture during the Roman period, quarrying but no agriculture during the medieval period, and ridge and furrow agriculture from the post medieval period. The River Calder was forded west of Healey by the Romans, and a ferry operated near to Healey New Mill.
The Calder and Hebble Navigation was built during latter half of the 18th century, and connected to the River Calder nearby by a lock. "Healey Mill" was established by 1791, "Healey Low Mill" by 1817. and "Healey New Mill" by 1827.
The Manchester and Leeds Railway was built and passed through by 1840. As part of the construction a new cut was made in the Calder bypassing a sharp bend in the river, which in the course of the work severed the road to the mill . This resulted in a legal complaint from the owners of Healey New Mill which lay on the part of the Calder that would be bypassed. The courts found in the railway company's favour. A five arch bridge was built to carry the line over the new cut. Due to the delay in construction because of the court case, when the railway was opened, the Calder was crossed by a temporary wooden bridge. In 1851 the railway's owners announced that they planned to divert the river down the new cut, but the plan was never realised and a three span bridge was built replacing the wooden bridge.
By 1854 there were three separate mills and "The Millers Arms Inn" in the close area. The new cut was unconnected to the Calder River, the part north of the five span bridge was partially filled andused for the construction of a dyework (later becoming "Calder Vale Mill"), the southern part was used as a mill pond.
On Healey Road Osset Gas works was built in 1855, and a Sewage Works constructed to the south of it in the 1870s after the passing of the Local Government Board Act 1871. The original houses in Healey and on Healey Road were built in the late Victorian era.
In the 1960s the conversion of the sidings east of Healey into a modernised railway shunting yard brought several major changes. The route of the river Calder east of Healey was altered, being moved south to create more space for the new marshalling yard, the 1800s mill pond formed by the attempted re-routing of the Calder for the original Manchester and Leeds rail link was filled in, "Healey Low Mill" was demolished, the Healey Road sewage works removed, and three additional rail bridges built to carry the tracks across the Calder.
Healey Mills sidings.
By 1920 extensive railway sidings had been developed on the railway line eastsoutheast of Healey, named Healey Mill Sidings. In the 1960s, as part of a modernisation plan, the sidings were re-designed for more efficient wagon load handling.
Construction included cutting a new channel over 1,000 yards long for the River Calder south of the original, levelling of the site with over 1 million cubic yards of infill, the re-construction and extension of a road bridge at the east end of the site near Horbury Bridge, the construction of three railway bridges over the River Calder, and diversion of gas and electricity mains.
The new yard was built as a hump shunting (gravity) yard capable of handling 4,000 wagons a day. The reception sidings were built west of the River Calder, the main yard was built on the extended site of the former sidings. The main control tower was located south of the main line and the "Calder Vale Dye Works" near to the river. The yard opened in 1963 at a cost of £3.5 million. The diesel motive power depot at Healey Mills (Healey Mills Diesel Depot or Healey Mills TMD) opened in 1967.
After the marshalling yard closed in 1987, the site was used for storage of trains and locomotives. After the privatisation of British Rail the site was operated by EWS; an assessment was made of a future requirement of six long doubled ended sidings and further short single ended sidings.
After 2010 the site's use was limited to crew changes; the driver depot at Healey Mills closed in 2012, being relocated to portacabins at Wakefield Kirkgate station after 4 February 2012.
Today.
"Healey New Mill" is extant and used as industrial units. The mill and chimney are grade II listed buildings. The 1872 inn, "The Millers Arms", exists as "The Brewer's Pride".
In 2011. Healey's only public transport service is the 102 bus operated by Arriva on behalf of the West Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive which links to Wakefield via Ossett.[http://www.wymetro.com/BusTravel/BusTimetables/100.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="5936480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936480" title="Ian Bell (disambiguation)">
Ian Bell (disambiguation)

Ian Bell (born 1982) is an English cricketer.
Ian Bell may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5936484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936484" title="Cristóbal de Tapia">
Cristóbal de Tapia

Cristóbal de Tapia was an inspector sent to New Spain in 1521 to investigate the conduct of the conquistador Hernán Cortés, and if he deemed it necessary, to arrest him and bring him to trial. Because his authority derived from the king and superseded that of Cortés, his name appears on some lists of Spanish colonial rulers of New Spain, although he exercised this authority very briefly.
In 1521 the bishop of Burgos, Juan Rodríguez de Fonseca, was president of the Council of the Indies, the body exercising direct royal control over the overseas empire of Spain. He was the dominant voice on the Council, and he was no friend of Cortés. In the spring of 1521, the Council passed a series of ordinances intended to reign in Cortés and strengthen Spanish control over the lands he had conquered. These ordinances directed that Pánfilo de Narváez, held a prisoner in Veracruz by Cortés, should be released, and that an inspector should be sent to New Spain to investigate the conduct of the conqueror, and to render justice to the governor of Cuba, Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar, whose orders Cortés had refused to obey.
At this time Emperor Charles V was attending to affairs in Germany. Spain was being governed by a regency headed by Adrian of Utrecht (later Pope Adrian VI). The ordinances were signed by Adrian at Burgos on April 11, 1521 and countersigned by Bishop Fonseca.
As William H. Prescott narrates:
The individual selected for the delicate task of apprehending Cortes, and bringing him to trial, on the theatre of his own discoveries and in the heart of his own camp, was named Christoval de Tapia, veedor, or inspector of the gold foundries in St. Domingo. He was a feeble, vacillating man, as little competent to cope with Cortes's in civil matters, as Narvaez had shown himself to be in military.
Tapia arrived from Santo Domingo with two ships in December 1521. On December 24, 1521, he presented his papers to officers of Cortés in Veracruz, including Cristóbal de Olid and Gonzalo de Sandoval. He started for Mexico City to speak directly to Cortés, but made it only as far as Cempoal. Here there was a conference, and Tapia realized that the conquistadors would not recognize his authority. On December 30, 1521, Sandoval persuaded him to relinquish the authority and return to Santo Domingo.
Prescott again:
The commissioner, clothed in his brief authority, landed in December, at Villa Rica. But he was coldly received by the magistrates of the city. His credentials were disputed, on the ground of some technical informality. It was objected, moreover, that his commission was founded on obvious misrepresentations to the government; and, notwithstanding a most courteous and complimentary epistle which he received from Cortes, congratulating him, as old friend, on his arrival, the veedor soon found that he was neither to be permitted to penetrate far into the country, nor to exercise any control there. He loved money, and, as Cortes knew the weak side of his "old friend," he proposed to purchase his horses, slaves, and equipage, at a tempting price. The dreams of disappointed ambition were gradually succeeded by those of avarice; and the discomfited commissioner consented to re-embark for Cuba, well freighted with gold if not with glory.[http://xroads.virginia.edu/~HYPER/PRESCOTT/bk07_ch01.html]

</doc>
<doc id="5936490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936490" title="Leutenberg">
Leutenberg

Leutenberg is a town in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated in the Thuringian Forest, 18 km southeast of Saalfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="5936503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936503" title="The Sins of Mankind">
The Sins of Mankind

The Sins of Mankind is the third album by British death metal band Cancer. It was released in 1994 by Vinyl Solution. The cover painting is "Armageddon" by Joseph Paul Pettit.

</doc>
<doc id="5936505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936505" title="To the Gory End">
To the Gory End

To the Gory End is the first album by British death metal band Cancer. The cover artwork was censored in some countries, with only the band's name and album title left on a black background. The image is a painting based on a still from Dawn of the Dead.

</doc>
<doc id="5936511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936511" title="Tim McCormick">
Tim McCormick

Timothy (Tim) Daniel McCormick (born March 10, 1962, in Detroit, Michigan) is a retired American professional basketball player. A 6'11" center from the University of Michigan, McCormick played eight seasons (1984–1992) in the NBA as a member of the Seattle SuperSonics, Philadelphia 76ers, New Jersey Nets, Houston Rockets, Atlanta Hawks, and New York Knicks. He averaged 8.3 points per game and 4.9 rebounds per game. McCormick later became a basketball analyst for ESPN.

</doc>
<doc id="5936517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936517" title="Stonehenge, Avebury and Associated Sites">
Stonehenge, Avebury and Associated Sites

Stonehenge, Avebury and Associated Sites is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located in Wiltshire, England. The WHS covers two large areas of land separated by nearly , rather than a specific monument or building. The sites were inscribed as co-listings in 1986.
Stonehenge and Associated Monuments.
The Stonehenge area of the WHS is located in south Wiltshire. It covers an area of 26 square km and is centred on the prehistoric monument of Stonehenge.
Avebury and Associated Monuments.
The Avebury area of the WHS is located in northern Wiltshire. It covers an area of 22.5 square km and is centred on the prehistoric Avebury Henge.
Museum and Archive collections.
The main museums are the Alexander Keiler Museum, Salisbury Museum and Wiltshire Museum in Devizes
Other Museums with material from Stonehenge and Avebury includes the British Museum, National Museum of Wales, Cambridge University Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology and the Ashmolean Museum. Other Archives include the English Heritage Archive in Swindon, the Wiltshire and Swindon History Centre and the Bodleian Library.

</doc>
<doc id="5936518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936518" title="Leutershausen">
Leutershausen

Leutershausen is a municipality in the district of Ansbach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Altmühl, 12 km west of Ansbach.
History.
Leutershausen was probably founded by Frankish settlers around 800. For the first time it is referred to in a privilege of Emperor Otto III. as "Liuthereshusunin" in 1000.
Sport.
Leutershausen has a sportsclub, called TV 1862 Leutershausen. As said in the name it was founded in 1862 and has since organised sport events at the local stadium and provides training in seven different disciplines, the biggest being football and athletics. Furthermore there are table tennis, tennis, gymnastics, triathlon and ball game departments. 
In June 2012 there was a big celebration weekend due to the 150th anniversary of the TV Leutershausen including the traditional "Maikränzchen" athletics competition and Public Viewing of the 2012 Euros. 
International relations.
Since 2000 Leutershausen is twinned with the Hungarian town of Szendrö.

</doc>
<doc id="5936523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936523" title="TAN Books">
TAN Books

TAN Books & Publishers is a Traditional Catholic book distributor and publisher, now in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was founded in 1967, in Rockford, Illinois, by Thomas A. Nelson, the "TAN" standing as a monogram for Mr. Nelson's initials. Following financial problems which led to bankruptcy, TAN was acquired by Saint Benedict Press (LLC) in 2008.
Since its acquisition, "TAN Books and Publishers" was renamed "TAN Books", as a division of Saint Benedict Press, and the "TAN" has been reformulated to (presently) stand for "Tuum Adoremus Nomen" (Latin for "Let us Adore Thy Name"). The company has aimed to improve the quality of its products by commissioning new book covers and employing more durable book construction. New titles, post-acquisition by St. Benedict Press, include a range of Douay-Rheims Bibles (including a leather-bound version), putting the company in direct competition with other traditional Catholic publishers with similar products, including Refuge of Sinners Publishing, Angelus Press, Sophia Publications, Baronius Press and Loreto Publications.

</doc>
<doc id="5936529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936529" title="Kalevala (project)">
Kalevala (project)

Kalevala is a 3 CD progressive rock epic based upon the Finnish national epic of the same name. It tells the story in 30 parts, each part played by a different band.
The Kalevala.
The Kalevala is considered the national epic of Finland, it was compiled and edited by Elias Lönnrot while he was a district health officer in (then under the governance of Russia) eastern Finland. The poem consists of 50 "runos" or cantos and 22,795 lines of poetry. The poem tells the story of a people, from the very beginning of the world to the introduction of Christianity.
The Kalevala has been translated into about 48 languages and has been an important cultural inspiration for the Finnish people for many years.
Concept.
Colossus (the magazine of the Finnish Progressive Music Association) invited the 30 bands to write, compose, perform and produce their own songs for the project, they were asked to perform in their native language or if they wished they could perform an instrumental piece.
The bands were pretty much free to do as they pleased, there was really only one restriction, and that was that the bands had to use vintage equipment, for the genuine 70's sound and feeling and were to use no programmed drums. If the track was sung in their own language they were also required to provide an English translation of their lyrics and of course a small piece of information about the band for the liner notes.
The project was coordinated by Marco Bernard, the editor of Colossus magazine.
Bands from the following countries participated:
Packaging.
The 3 CDs are packaged in a standard wide CD jewel case along with a fairly comprehensive booklet containing introductory information about the Kalevala and a complete listing of tracks with lyrics (where appropriate) a synopsis of each track and pictures of the bands and general artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="5936532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936532" title="Albert E. Rice">
Albert E. Rice

Albert E. Rice (September 24, 1845 – September 11, 1921) was a banker, newspaperman, legislator, University of Minnesota regent, politician, and the tenth Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota from Willmar, Minnesota. He served as a Republican from January 4, 1887 to January 5, 1891 under Governors Andrew Ryan McGill and William Rush Merriam.
Albert E. Rice is the namesake of Rice Memorial Hospital in Willmar, a Level 3 trauma center and the largest municipally-owned hospital in the state of Minnesota. 
The Rice Mansion, Rice's former home, is located on the northern shore of Green Lake in Spicer, Minnesota and is a local landmark. 

</doc>
<doc id="5936550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936550" title="Life Work">
Life Work

Life Work is an EP by Coercion.

</doc>
<doc id="5936551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936551" title="Forever Dead">
Forever Dead

Forever Dead is the debut album by Coercion

</doc>
<doc id="5936561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936561" title="Delete (album)">
Delete (album)

Delete is the second album by Coercion.

</doc>
<doc id="5936580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936580" title="Dragon Magazine">
Dragon Magazine

Dragon Magazine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5936582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936582" title="Pop Life (Bananarama album)">
Pop Life (Bananarama album)

Pop Life is the fifth studio album released by British girl group Bananarama in 1991 and is the only album released which features Jacquie O'Sullivan, who replaced Siobhan Fahey in Bananarama upon her departure in 1988. This album marks the end of the group's association with the Stock Aitken Waterman production team (they produced only two songs) as most of "Pop Life" was produced by Youth (real name Martin Glover). UK singer Zoë provided backing vocals on "Long Train Running". This would be the last album by Bananarama as a trio.
Upon its release "Pop Life" earned positive reviews from critics but was a commercial failure, peaking at number forty-two in the UK. Four mid-charting singles were issued from the album, and following the release of "Tripping on Your Love", O'Sullivan left the group, leaving members Sara Dallin and Keren Woodward to continue as a duo.
The album was a departure from their previous albums as it incorporates a much more diverse range of musical genres, including flamenco guitar (a cover of the Doobie Brothers song "Long Train Running" featuring Alma de Noche, a pseudonym for the Gipsy Kings), retro-rock ("Only Your Love", "Outta Sight"), acid house ("Tripping on Your Love"), reggae ("What Colour R the Skies Where U Live?"), experimental club ("Megalomaniac"), and their hallmark Euro disco sound ("Preacher Man", "Ain't No Cure").
The track "Ain't No Cure" was covered by Stock Aitken Waterman produced girl group Delage in 1991.
On 19 March 2007, Bananarama's first six studio albums were re-issued by Rhino Records. All re-issues are remastered and each includes several bonus tracks, consisting of B-sides and remixes.
Track listing.
CD version
Cassette version
2007 CD re-issue plus bonus tracks
Unreleased songs and demos
Personnel.
Bananarama
Musicians
Additional Personnel

</doc>
<doc id="5936586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936586" title="Two Cent Bridge">
Two Cent Bridge

The Ticonic Footbridge, usually called the Two Cent Bridge, is a suspension bridge that traverses the Kennebec River between the city of Waterville and the town of Winslow in Maine. It is one of the oldest surviving wire-cable steel suspension bridges and also is considered to be the last known extant toll footbridge in the United States.
History.
The original footbridge was constructed in 1901. It was intended to give workers coming from Temple Street in Waterville easy access to the Hollingsworth & Whitney Company (later, the Scott Paper Company), factories located directly just across the Kennebec in Winslow. The original toll was one cent, which was collected at a booth on the Waterville side of the river. However, less than a year after its opening, on December 15, 1901, the bridge was washed away by high water levels. 
The bridge was rebuilt in 1903. The second incarnation of the Ticonic proved to be sturdier, and continued to serve the local population for many years. The toll crossing rose from a penny to two cents — whence the bridge procured its most popular name. In 1960 the toll was abolished altogether, when the owners of the bridge gave it to the city of Waterville as a gift.
Preservation and restoration.
The Two Cent Bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. While considerable efforts have been undertaken to maintain the bridge, it has been closed at various points over the years when conditions have made foot crossings unsafe.
On July 4, 1989, the Two Cent Bridge suffered severe structural damage when hundreds of people attending a nearby concert converged on the footpath, straining the bridge's weight and tension limits. The bridge was immediately closed and stabilized; complete restoration took several years. The historic tollbooth was removed but was later restored and replaced at the bridge. 
Currently, many civic organizations in the Waterville–Winslow area, including the local Rotary Club, dedicate funds to the bridge's upkeep.

</doc>
<doc id="5936613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936613" title="The Well-Tempered Critic">
The Well-Tempered Critic

The Well-Tempered Critic can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5936615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936615" title="Isaac Adamson">
Isaac Adamson

Isaac Adamson, born in Fort Collins, Colorado in 1971, is the American author of a series of mystery novels set in Japan and featuring journalist and amateur detective Billy Chaka. Adamson currently lives in Portland, Illinois. He is married to Chee-Soo Kim.
After graduating from Rocky Mountain High School in Fort Collins, Adamson attended UCLA briefly before graduating from the University of Colorado at Boulder with a degree in Film Studies.
All four of his Billy Chaka novels were published by HarperCollins. They are currently out of print. His novel Complication was published by Counterpoint Press.
Adamson's first novel, Tokyo Suckerpunch, was to be made into a film by Sony Pictures Entertainment, starring Tobey Maguire in the role of Billy Chaka, according to the blog 12 Questions.
Complication, a thriller set in Prague, was a nominee for the Mystery Writers of America's 2013 Edgar Awards in the Best Paperback Original category.

</doc>
<doc id="5936617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936617" title="Franz Stadion, Count von Warthausen">
Franz Stadion, Count von Warthausen

Franz Stadion, Graf von Warthausen (July 27, 1806 – June 8, 1853), son of the Austrian diplomat Johann Philipp von Stadion. Born in Vienna, he was a statesman who served the Austrian Empire during the 1840s. From 1841 he was Governor of the Austrian Littoral (with its capital at Trieste), from 1847 to 1848 Governor of Galicia (where he freed the peasants from labor duties), and from 1848 to 1849 he was Interior Minister and Minister of Education. He advocated constitutional government, decreed the Imposed March Constitution in March 1849 which was never enacted, and in 1849 promulgated the "Gemeinde" (municipality) legislation that granted governmental autonomy to all municipalities in the Austrian empire. Lewis Namier, in "1848: The Revolution of the Intellectuals" (p. 18), calls him "one of the most enlightened and efficient Austrian administrators."

</doc>
<doc id="5936630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936630" title="Peninj Mandible">
Peninj Mandible

The Peninj Mandible is the fossilized lower jaw and teeth of the species "Paranthropus boisei". It was discovered in Peninj, Tanzania by Richard Leakey in 1964.
It is estimated to be 1.5 million years old.
Its characteristics are a heavy build with large molars and small incisors.

</doc>
<doc id="5936631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936631" title="Dutschke">
Dutschke

Dutschke is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="5936643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936643" title="80th Infantry (Reserve) Division (United Kingdom)">
80th Infantry (Reserve) Division (United Kingdom)

The 80th Infantry (Reserve) Division was a British Army division formed during the Second World War. It was formed from the 38th (Welsh) Infantry Division. For a time it was a real division, if a low status one, but in the buildup to Operation Overlord it was converted to a deception formation as part of the Operation Fortitude South deception plan. The plan called for the notional British Fourth Army to threaten an Allied invasion of the Pas de Calais, and was successful, drawing large numbers of German troops away from the D-Day invasion area.

</doc>
<doc id="5936645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936645" title="The Well-Tempered Critic (Frye)">
The Well-Tempered Critic (Frye)

The Well-Tempered Critic is a collection of essays by a Canadian literary critic Northrop Frye. The collection was originally published in Bloomington, Indiana by the Indiana University Press in 1963.
The collection presents lectures delivered by Frye at the University of Virginia in March 1961 for the Page-Barbour Foundation, with a certain amount of expansion and some revisions.

</doc>
<doc id="5936646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936646" title="Silver roughy">
Silver roughy

The silver roughy, "Hoplostethus mediterraneus trunovi", is a small deep-sea fish subspecies belonging to the slimehead family (Trachichthyidae) found in cold (3–9 °C), deep (800–900 m) waters of the western Indian Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="5936650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936650" title="Tris's Book">
Tris's Book

"Tris's Book", a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce, tells the story of four young mages as they battle pirates and become closer than ever.
Plot introduction.
Lady Sandrilene fa Toren, Trisana Chandler, Daja Kisubo, and Briar Moss have been living in Discipline Cottage at Winding Circle a Temple in Emelan for some time now. They have survived an earthquake and are now having to defend their only true home from pirates using their magic and the help of their teachers.
Plot summary.
As the book begins and progresses, Tris hears voices on the wind telling her seemingly useless bits of information. In an effort to cool herself off in the summer's cruel heat, she and her three "mates"- Sandry, Daja, and Briar- head up to the wall that encloses Winding Circle. On the wall, Tris hears more voices and then suddenly a lighthouse nearby blows up. As Tris and her teacher Niklaren Goldeye examine the ruins, they realize that the tower was blown up by a new substance they have never heard of. In the ruins, Tris finds a baby starling, which she decides to take care of.
While repairing a magical net protecting Winding Circle with Dedicate Frostpine and his apprentice Kirel, Daja sees a magically hidden boat out of the corner of her eye. While eating a turnover from Dedicate Gorse's kitchen's, Briar smells the unmistakable scent of cinnamon and poppy, a sure sign of someone invisible. A forgetful novice realizes that there are a lack of bandages, so Dedicate Lark and Sandry are forced to make some more. The Temple is short on medicine, so Dedicate Rosethorn and Briar are forced to make more. All the signs lead to trouble. When Daja finally tells Frostpine about the ship, he immediately tells Dedicate Superior Moonstream, who sends word to Duke Vedris IV, Sandry's uncle and the ruler of Emelan. Pirates are afoot.
Tris's cousin Aymery Glassfire comes to bring Niko a letter, and is recognized by her. He tries to get Tris to go home, saying her father is ill, but she refuses, saying that if he wanted her, he would send for her. While everyone is talking, a novice comes and tells Niko that every mirror, crystal, and vision bowl has been broken. That leaves Winding Circle blind to the future. Early the next morning, when jumping into a wind magically, Tris realizes that there is a huge invisible magic box coming slowly toward Winding Circle. Later in the morning, Frostpine takes Daja to repair two chains that protect Winding Circle. During the repairs, the pirates begin their attack.
As the attack goes on, the four start to help. Tris takes one of the pirate's "boomstones"—a hard sphere containing gunpowder—with her winds and sends it away. Briar and Rosethorn take seeds of thorny plants and grow them quickly and thickly along the cove to capture and kill the pirates. When all the adults leave to help defend Winding Circle, Tris practices zapping targets with her lightning and the help of Sandry, Daja, and Tris. Tris tests herself when a boomstone begins a descent on Discipline and blows it up.
When looking through Aymery's belongings, Briar finds that even though he claims he's staying for several weeks, Aymery has only brought a very small wardrobe. In a locked trunk, Briar finds cinnamon oil and poppy, used for invisibility. He also finds a mirror, when all of the mirrors in Winding Circle had broken the night before. When following Aymery out of Discipline at midnight, Tris and Briar confront him, whereupon he reveals that he had been working for Enahar, the pirates' chief mage, for some time. Then Aymery lets in the pirates through a side gate. Sandry, Daja, Lark, and Niko come and deal with the pirates, and Tris takes the dying Aymery's earring that links him to Enahar.
Maddened by helplessness, Tris goes up on the south wall to deal with the pirates herself and get them away from the one place she can call home and Sandry, Daja, and Briar join her and help. They bash through the pirates' barrier by pulling their strength together. Daja finds all the metal in the pirates' fleet like nails and weapons, pulls it out, and drops it in the water. Tris uses her lightning to blast ships. The four start destroying the fleet when they are all caught in mage traps on the ships. They appear to be lost when Niko returns their string of combined magic. With the extra power of the string and their arrived teachers, they destroy the rest of the fleet. Enahar attempts to capture Tris using his link with Aymery's earring, but Sandry, Daja, and Briar realize this and use stray lightning on Tris's hair to destroy the small piece of jewellery.
Because she killed and injured many of the helpless slaves on the pirate ships, Tris decides to help with the wounded pirates and slaves. She gets little thanks. All she cares about is trying to make up for some of the harm she did to so many people with her lightning.

</doc>
<doc id="5936654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936654" title="Liebenau, Hesse">
Liebenau, Hesse

Liebenau is a town in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated on the river Diemel, 25 km northwest of Kassel.

</doc>
<doc id="5936658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936658" title="Pride Critical Countdown 2005">
Pride Critical Countdown 2005

Pride Critical Countdown 2005 was a mixed martial arts event held by the Pride Fighting Championships. It took place at the Saitama Super Arena in Saitama, Japan, on June 26, 2005.
Background.
This event held the second round of the 2005 Middleweight Grand Prix, with the winner becoming a top contender for the Pride Middleweight Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="5936676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936676" title="Migration of the eight clans">
Migration of the eight clans

The migration of the eight clans is the movement from Northern to Southern China, of eight powerful families, in order to avoid living under the control of invaders. During the reign of the Jin dynasty, many tribes overran parts of China. The "eight clans" moved to the South after the invasion.
Invasion.
During the Jin dynasty (265 to 420 AD) five non-Han Chinese, semi-nomadic tribes destroyed and overran Northern China. They were the Turkic Xiongnu, the Jie the Xianbei, the Di and the Qiang.
Migration.
Unwilling to live under the rule of these foreign tribes, many big and powerful families, as well as the upper classes, followed the Jin Court and moved to the South. The eight clans recorded as part of this migration were the Lin (林), Huang (黄), Chen (陈), Zheng (郑), Zhan (詹), Qiu (邱), He (何), and Hu (胡).
According to the "Jin Shu", or the historical records of the Jin dynasty, it was recorded that:
"When Luojing day Luoyang(洛阳) in Henan（河南） was overrun, 60 to 70 percent of the government officials in the Zhong Zhou found safety near the Yangtze River."
According to the book called the "Jin Book", written by Wang Dau:
"Some of these the exodus moved to Qunyang, Wuhu（芜湖）, and Jingyi (in present-day Southern Anhui province), and others to the regions of present-day Southern provinces of Jiangsu, Jiangxi, and Zhejiang. Administrations were installed by the Jin Court The Eastern Jin dynasty was not established until March 317 in Jiankang, in present-day Jiangning county, Jiangsu province to care for these new settlers, who were called "liu wang ke ren" ['refugee guests'], in several regions. . . The refugees settled down in these regions permanently."

</doc>
<doc id="5936681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936681" title="In the Name of Love (Yasmien Kurdi album)">
In the Name of Love (Yasmien Kurdi album)

In The Name of Love is the first album of "StarStruck" finalist Yasmien Kurdi. It was released on GMA Records.

</doc>
<doc id="5936693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936693" title="Liebenwalde">
Liebenwalde

Liebenwalde is a town in the Oberhavel district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 16 km northeast of Oranienburg, and 39 km north of Berlin (centre).
In 2003, the administrative boundaries were expanded to include Freienhagen, Hammer, Kreuzbruch, Liebenthal and Neuholland.
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5936699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936699" title="Kermit Smith, Jr.">
Kermit Smith, Jr.

Kermit Smith, Jr. (June 7, 1957 – January 24, 1995) was executed by the state of North Carolina for the kidnap, rape, and murder of a 20-year-old college cheerleader. He is one of only a few white criminals since 1976 to have been executed for murdering a black victim.

</doc>
<doc id="5936706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936706" title="Benevolent suicide">
Benevolent suicide

Benevolent suicide, also referred to as agathusia ("gr. agathos + thusia, ἀγαθὸς + θυσία, noble sacrifice)" refers to the self sacrifice of one's own life for sake of the greater good. Such sacrifice may be for sake of executing a particular action, or for sake of keeping a natural balance in the society. It is a theme or concept of a custom of sacrifice typically found within certain types of science fiction stories. However, real examples of these customs have been recorded to exist among some indigenous people, such as certain Inuit tribes. This was seen by Émile Durkheim in his study "Suicide" as the product of over-integration with society.
In contrast a "sacrifice" committed by force of a state is instead referred to as eugenics or mass murder, but may be otherwise referred to as "enforced population limits" or "population control". In literature, examples may promote the concept as a means for ending enduring types of social conflict, or else deride the concept as an example of a dystopian future society.

</doc>
<doc id="5936708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936708" title="Vivien Goldman">
Vivien Goldman

Vivien Goldman (born 25 August 1954) is a British journalist, writer and musician.
Early life and education.
She was born in London, the child of two German-Jewish refugees from National-Socialist Germany. She studied English and American literature at the University of Warwick.
Career.
She began her career as a PR officer for Island Records.
Musical career.
Goldman lived in Paris for a year and a half, where she was a member of new wave duo Chantage, which gained modest fame in France. She released the "Dirty Washing EP" in 1981, with tracks produced by John Lydon and Adrian Sherwood. The EP appeared first on Ed Bahlman's iconic 99 Records imprint on June 3, 1981.
In August 1981, two of the tracks from the EP, "Launderette" and "Private Armies," were issued as a 7" single in the UK. Later the song "Launderette" was included on Gomma Records' "Anti NY" compilation and the Chicks On Speed-produced Girl Monster collection. In that year she also contributed vocals (on the track "Private Armies," which is actually "Private Armies Dub," or "P.A. Dub," from the EP) to the New Age Steppers' self-titled debut.
Goldman wrote for the music magazines "NME", "Sounds" and "Melody Maker" about reggae, punk and post-punk. She was a member of The Flying Lizards, shared a flat with fellow "NME" journalist and The Pretenders singer Chrissie Hynde.
Goldman wrote songs for artists such as Massive Attack. Goldman launched the video career of Flavor Flav. Goldman penned the first biography of Bob Marley.
Academic career.
Goldman is also an accomplished documentarian and adjunct professor of punk and reggae at New York University's (NYU) Clive Davis Department of Recorded Music. She is also an adjunct professor of musical cultures and industry at Rutgers University's School of Communication and Information (Rutgers University).
In January 2007, BBC America began a regular "Ask the Punk Professor" feature on their website with Goldman answering questions and commenting on current events. The feature ran through 2008.
Goldman is set to appear as an interview in an upcoming documentary about British reggae group, Steel Pulse.

</doc>
<doc id="5936709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936709" title="Břevnov Monastery">
Břevnov Monastery

Břevnov Monastery (, ) is a Benedictine archabbey in the Břevnov district of Prague, Czech Republic. It was founded by Saint Adalbert, the second Bishop of Prague, in 993 AD with the support of Duke Boleslav II of Bohemia. Hence the first Benedictine male monastery in Bohemia, it also has the oldest tradition of beer brewing in the Czech Republic, up to today, the "Břevnovský Benedict" beer is brewed here.
History.
The first monks descended form Niederaltaich Abbey in Bavaria, filial monasteries were established at Broumov and Police in northern Bohemia.
During the Hussite Wars in the 1420s, abbot and convent fled to Broumov and the entire monastery including brewery were nearly destroyed. After the Thirty Years' War, the construction of a Baroque monastery complex has been realized under Abbot Othmar Daniel Zinke in 1708–1740 according to plans designed by Christoph Dientzenhofer. The interior of the buildings, including St Margaret's church, the conventual buildings and prelate's house was designed by his son Kilian Ignaz Dientzenhofer, with altarpieces by Petr Brandl, a ceiling fresco by Cosmas Damian Asam and stucco works by his brother Egid Quirin Asam. At the same time the annual production of beer reached up to 5,000 hl. 
After the German occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1938, the monastery was seized by Wehrmacht forces during World War II and finally expropriated by the Communist Czechoslovak government in 1950. Abbot Anastáz Opasek (1913-1999) was condemned for high treason and espionage in a show trial, the monastery was dissolved and the remaining monks were deported, if they had not fled to Bavarian Braunau in Rohr Abbey re-established by their Broumov brothers in 1946. 
The complex was used until 1990 by the StB, after the Velvet Revolution, was thoroughly repaired from 1991 until its 1000-years-jubilee in 1993. In 1997 it was visited by Pope John Paul II and was elevated to the rank of an Archabbey.
The monastery served as the basis for the Red Rose Mansion (2005) in Naoki Urasawa's noted anime/manga series "Monster".

</doc>
<doc id="5936721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936721" title="Lieberose">
Lieberose

Lieberose is a town in the Dahme-Spreewald district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 25 km north of Cottbus.
History.
During World War II, a subcamp of Sachsenhausen concentration camp was located here.
The subcamp, KL Lieberose, was a labour camp for the support point of SS- Division "Kurmark". The SS- Division "Kurmark" located in Lieberose and surrounding area. In long-range planning it should accruing the biggest military training area for the Waffen- SS in Europe.
After World War II was the camp a prison camp for the soviet secret service (NKGB).
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="5936742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936742" title="Liebstadt">
Liebstadt

Liebstadt is a town in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 12 km southwest of Pirna, and 23 km southeast of Dresden (centre).

</doc>
<doc id="5936750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936750" title="Noiret">
Noiret

Noiret is a hybrid grape variety for use in red wine production. It was developed and named by Cornell University researchers working at the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station, and was officially released on July 7, 2006.
Description.
Noiret is the result of a cross between the earlier hybrids NY65.0467.08 and Steuben in 1973; the predominant ancestors for these hybrids are "Vitis labrusca" varieties native to the northeastern region of North America and "Vitis vinifera" varieties, which are the classic European wine grapes. Noiret ripens mid-season, and according to Professor Bruce Reisch of Cornell, its wines "are free of the hybrid aromas typical of many other red hybrid grapes. The distinctive red wine is richly colored and has notes of green and black pepper, with raspberry and mint aromas, and a fine tannin structure."

</doc>
<doc id="5936757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936757" title="WSKG">
WSKG

WSKG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5936759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936759" title="Acanthostachys">
Acanthostachys

Acanthostachys is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae. The genus name is from the Greek “acanthos” (thorny, spiny) and “stachys” (a flower spike).

</doc>
<doc id="5936776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936776" title="Corot noir">
Corot noir

Corot noir is a Hybrid grape variety for use in red wine production. It was developed by grape breeder Bruce Reisch at the Cornell University New York State Agricultural Experiment Station and released on July 7, 2006. 
Corot noir is the result of a cross between hybrids Seyve Villard 18-307 and Steuben in 1970. It ripens mid-season to late-season, and according to Reisch, its wines "are free of the hybrid aromas typical of many other red hybrid grapes, and can be used for varietal wine production or for blending. The distinctive red wine has a deep red color and attractive berry and cherry fruit aromas".

</doc>
<doc id="5936777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936777" title="Sylvanus Wade House">
Sylvanus Wade House

The Sylvanus Wade House is a former stagecoach inn located in Greenbush, Wisconsin, United States. It provided lodging and meals to travelers in the early statehood era in Wisconsin. 
Early years.
In 1844, Sylvanus Wade moved his family to the Greenbush area, where he purchased several hundred acres of land with the intent of building a town. The first dwelling they built was a log home that was repeatedly enlarged as the family grew and the number of visitors increased.
A three-story wooden Greek Revival house was built between 1848 and 1851. It quickly gained attention for its large size and stylish appearance. Wade began advertising his "Half Way House" in Sheboygan in 1849. This, coupled with the inn's location halfway between the larger cities of Fond du Lac and Sheboygan, Wisconsin on the Fond du Lac-Sheboygan Plank Road, made it a popular stopover for travelers during the 1850s and 1860s. However, when travel by horse and stagecoach became obsolete and the railroad between Sheboygan and Fond du Lac went through Glenbeulah to the north, the house's full time use as an inn was discontinued. Ironically, a railroad directors election meeting was held at the house in 1854.
Post-railroad era.
The family continued to host personal guests at the house in the following decades, and hosted events such as business meetings, socials, wedding anniversaries, and showers. By 1917 the house was being referred to as the historic old "Wade House".
The house was owned by Hollis Wade until his death in 1921, at which time ownership passed to his son William. A domestic argument at the house in 1927 ended with William accidentally shooting his son-in-law, Fred Limberg, in the leg.
In 1939 an effort was made to turn the Wade House into a going business, with advertising noting its availability for private events and dinners.
Ownership of the house passed out of the family in 1941 when it was sold to Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Dorst of Freeport, Illinois, with the new owners announcing their intent to restore it to 1850's condition. Martin Dorst was a native of nearby Plymouth. and Mary Dorst was a friend of the Wades from childhood. William Wade died in 1943 at the age of 71.
Frequent mention of the house in the society columns in the Sheboygan press throughout the 1940s indicates that it continued to be a popular destination. Even as late as June 1950 rooms were being rented out. The Methodist church of Greenbush used the Wade House for church services for a two-year period from 1944 to 1946.
Attempts to operate a business were made in 1949 when Mrs. Martin Dorst's son, Clare Dorst, announced that he would be operating a restaurant in the house.
Restoration.
The first mention of selling the property to the State Historical Society of Wisconsin was in April 1948 when Mrs. Martin Dorst offered it to the society. In December 1949 she announced that she was putting the house up for sale to any buyer because of the large expense that would be required to meet modern health codes for restaurants. In February 1950, the state conservation commission proposed purchasing the house to use as an office and visitors' center for the Kettle Moraine State Forest.
The sale of the house did not occur until July 1950 when it was purchased, along with all furnishings, by the Kohler Foundation in 1950 for $17,000 with the intention of donating it to the historical society after the restoration work was completed.
From 1950 to 1953, the Wade House was restored to its Civil War–era appearance by the Kohler Foundation with the effort spearhead by Ruth Miriam DeYoung-Kohler, wife of Herbert Kohler. Mrs. Kohler intended the restoration as a memorial to her husband's sister, Marie Christine Kohler, who had become interested it the Wade house before her death in 1943. Ruth Kohler died on March 7, 1953 at the age of 46 and was not able to witness the turning over of the house to the state three months later.
The historic building was deeded to the State Historical Society of Wisconsin (now Wisconsin Historical Society) in 1953 in a ceremony that featured poet and Lincoln biographer Carl Sandburg.
Modern historic site.
Today the inn, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is part of the Wade House Historic Site, a historical museum operated by the Wisconsin Historical Society. The site includes two other buildings on the National Register, the Charles Robinson House and the Robinson-Herrling Sawmill. The historical society also operates the Wesley Jung Carriage Museum at the site, exhibiting a large collection of 19th-century American horse-drawn vehicles.
The house was located on the main line Wisconsin Highway 23 until the highway was rerouted to bypass north of Greenbush in the mid-1980s. The Wade house was formerly a part of the Wisconsin state park system as the Old Wade House State Park, before coming under the direct purview of the Wisconsin Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="5936778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936778" title="Anton Weissenbacher">
Anton Weissenbacher

Anton Weissenbacher (born 20 January 1965 in Baia Mare) is a former Romanian football right back, he was part of Steaua Bucureşti squad, which won the European Cup in 1986, he also played the Intercontinental Cup final in the same year. When he left Romania, during the 90s he went to play in Germany, in an amateur league and finished there his career. Nowadays he still lives in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="5936779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936779" title="Scott Flinders">
Scott Flinders

Scott Liam Flinders (born 12 June 1986) is an English footballer who plays for Hartlepool United as a goalkeeper. He has also played for the England Under-20 team.
Club career.
Barnsley.
Born in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, Flinders started out at Barnsley, making his league debut in 2005, when he replaced the injured Ross Turnbull in the Barnsley goal. He made an instant impression, and played eleven games in the next three months, which led to a call-up to the England U-20 side.
In the 2005–06 season, he was picked to play for a "Football League XI", in a match against their Italian counterparts. He also went back to being second choice at Barnsley, this time to Nick Colgan and was an unused substitute in Barnsley's play-off final win against Swansea City. Because of this, he only made a few more league and cup appearances in which he again impressed, leading to trials at Chelsea and Wigan Athletic. Flinders moved to Crystal Palace as part of a deal that took Sam Togwell to Barnsley in the summer of 2006.
Crystal Palace.
Flinders' transfer fee from Barnsley to Palace was believed to be for £250,000 but with a potential to rise to £1 million depending on appearances.
Flinders made his competitive debut for Palace in a Football League Cup tie with Notts County, playing the full game as Palace were beaten 2–1. This would be his last appearance before going on loan to League One club Gillingham, where he made his debut in a 2–1 away win against Doncaster Rovers on 9 September 2006. His loan with Gillingham was extended for a second month,
For the next game, a trip to Sheffield Wednesday, Flinders made his league debut with The Eagles, while Hungarian international Gábor Király was dropped to the bench for a game which ended in a 3–2 defeat. This was quickly followed by a game at Loftus Road, against Queens Park Rangers, which ended in a 4–2 loss, after which he was dropped, not returning until late December.
On 20 February 2007, Flinders was sent out on loan again. He signed for Palace's rivals, Brighton & Hove Albion, after their first choice goalkeeper Michel Kuipers was injured. He made his Seagulls debut at his previous club Gillingham, a game which his new team won 1–0.
Flinders was sent out on loan again in February 2008, this time to Yeovil Town, after their first choice goalkeeper Steve Mildenhall was injured. However, despite Yeovil signing him for further month loan period, on 27 March, Championship club Blackpool signed him on loan until the end of the season as competition for first-choice keeper, Paul Rachubka. With Blackpool's next match being an away game at Crystal Palace he was not allowed to make his debut for the club until after that match. However, his loan period finished without him making an appearance for Blackpool.
During August 2008, Flinders signed for Scottish Premier League side Falkirk on loan until January 2009, and he returned to Palace at the end of this spell.
Flinders was released by Crystal Palace on 6 May 2009.
Hartlepool United.
On 26 June 2009, Flinders signed for North-East League One side Hartlepool United. He played every minute of the 2009–10 for Hartlepool in both league and cup, the next season he was limited to 26 league appearances due to an injury in mid-September which ruled him out until February which saw Pools boss Mick Wadsworth draft in Blackburn goalkeeper Jake Kean on loan to cover for Flinders.
Flinders became the first ever goalkeeper to score a goal from open play for Pools when his 94th minute header against AFC Bournemouth on 30 April 2011 gained a point for his employers on the last home game of the season. He nearly scored in consecutive home games his for the club when against Walsall on 13 August 2011, when his 5th minute clearance from 70 yards bounced over Saddlers' keeper Jimmy Walker only for striker Colin Nish to tap in on the line for Nish's first Hartlepool goal.
Scott signed a new contract with the club in 2011.
Flinders was nominated for League 1's Player of the Month for September 2011, along with Hartlepool manager Mick Wadsworth being nominated for Manager of the Month, after conceding only 2 goals in 4 games which saw his side win all 4 games. However, he was unsuccessful as Preston North End's striker Neil Mellor won the accolade.
In January 2013, Hartlepool manager John Hughes revealed to the Hartlepool Mail that sides in the higher divisions were looking to sign Flinders with Hughes saying "I know there are a lot of clubs looking at big Scotty. It’s no surprise others are looking at him and we’re just grateful and thankful that he’s in goal for Hartlepool. The way he conducts himself in his training and preparation and his values are first class."
On April 2013, prior to Hartlepool's final home game of the season, Flinders was voted Player's Player, Supporter's Player and Away Player of the Year for the 2012–13 campaign. Twelve days later, it was announced that Flinders had won the Hartlepool Mail SportsMail Player of the Year Award.
After a 0-0 draw against Portsmouth in December 2013, Flinders broke a club record for the most clean sheets in the league for Hartlepool.
Flinders became the first ever Hartlepool goalkeeper to make 200 Football League appearances for the club after a 4-0 win against Bristol Rovers in March 2014.
International career.
Flinders was called up to play for the England Under 20 team in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="5936786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936786" title="Familiar stranger">
Familiar stranger

A familiar stranger is an individual who is recognized from regular activities, but with whom one does not interact. First identified by Stanley Milgram in the 1972 paper " The Familiar Stranger: An Aspect of Urban Anonymity", it has become an increasingly popular concept in research about social networks.
Somebody who is seen daily, but with whom one does not otherwise communicate, is an example of a familiar stranger. If such individuals meet in an unfamiliar setting, for example while travelling, they are more likely to introduce themselves than would perfect strangers, as they have a background of shared experiences.
The 1972 paper was based on two independent research projects conducted in 1971, one at City University of New York and the other at a train station. "Psychology Today" published a second paper on the subject by Milgram, "Frozen World of the Familiar Stranger", in 1974.
Paulos and Goodman adopted the concept as part of a research program titled "Familiar Stranger Project".

</doc>
<doc id="5936789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936789" title="Halo Manash">
Halo Manash

Halo Manash is a project of Anti Ittna Haapapuro originating from Finland. It is dark ambient / experimental combining electronics, percussions, e-bowed guitars, bone flute and various other sounds. The creation process of Halo Manash began originally around 1998 as a nameless project (containing only Anti Ittna H.). 
Halo Manash is part of the Helixes musical collective.
The first Halo Manash album, entitled 'Se Its En', was released via Blue Sector in which Anti also involved. However, due to various reasons, he felt a need to establish a label of his own.
Interviews.
industrial.org interview

</doc>
<doc id="5936792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936792" title="War Machine (disambiguation)">
War Machine (disambiguation)

War Machine (James Rupert "Rhodey" Rhodes) is a Marvel comic book superhero.
War Machine(s) may also refer to:
In books and television:
In music:
In sports:
In gaming:
In philosophy:

</doc>
<doc id="5936796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936796" title="Familiar stranger (disambiguation)">
Familiar stranger (disambiguation)

Familiar stranger may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5936805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936805" title="Leo Prieto">
Leo Prieto

Leopoldo "Leo" L. Prieto (May 19, 1920 – April 7, 2009) was a Filipino sports executive who served as the first commissioner of the Philippine Basketball Association. Acknowledged by some as "the father of the PBA", Prieto was named commissioner of the PBA upon its founding in 1975, and served in that capacity until his resignation in 1983. 
During Prieto's tenure as commissioner of the PBA, the league prominently featured the rivalry between the Crispa Redmanizers and the Toyota Super Corollas. Prieto was lauded for his integrity and his ability to manage egos. Prieto himself described the requirements expected of a PBA commissioner as one "must have a good grasp of the game" and one who "who the Board of Governors can trust and respect."
Before becoming commissioner of the PBA, Prieto coached the Philippines men's national basketball team in the 1956 Melbourne Olympics, leading them to a seventh-place finish. He also coached the YCO Painters to several championships in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association. Prieto also was a president of the Manila Jockey Club, and an avid supporter of football in the Philippines.
Prieto died on April 7, 2009, two weeks after suffering a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="5936808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936808" title="Wakaleo vanderleuri">
Wakaleo vanderleuri

Wakaleo vanderleuri is a species of "marsupial lion" that lived in Australia during the Miocene (about 16 to 10 million years ago). It is not closely related to true cats, as being a marsupial, its closest living relatives are wombats and the koala. This diprotodont is hypothesized to have been an omnivore, eating significant amounts of meat, perhaps more like a bear in diet and habit than like an actual lion. It lacked large canine-like fangs, producing some controversy regarding just how much it actually preyed on living animals. The meat-eating hypothesis is based largely upon the morphology of its molar teeth. The species is believed to have been able to hunt by leaping from trees onto its prey.
The type species fossils were originally found in the Bollock Creek area.

</doc>
<doc id="5936812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936812" title="If Only It Were True">
If Only It Were True

If Only It Were True (original title: "Si seulement c'était vrai...") is French author Marc Levy's first novel, released in 1999. It was translated into English in 2000 and was adapted into the American film "Just Like Heaven" in 2005. A 2006 Bollywood movie named "I See You" is also an adaptation of this book. A Malayalam film "Vismayathumbathu" with a similar theme was released in 2004. The inspiration of which may be this novel.
Introduction.
"If Only it Were True" is a story set against the backdrop of San Francisco and tells the story of Lauren Kline, a young, pretty, medical resident, and Arthur, the man who rented her old apartment. The story revolves around these two central characters.
This book actually starts with the following opening sentence: "Le petit réveil posé sur la table de nuit en bois clair venait de sonner" (The small alarm clock resting on the light wooden night table began to ring). Reference: Marc Lévy, "Et si c'était vrai...", Edition Robert Laffont, S.A., Paris 2000.
Plot summary.
Lauren Kline is a pretty, young, medical resident, completely devoted to her work in the Emergency Room of San Francisco Memorial Hospital. She worked round the clock dealing with patients until she got into a serious auto accident. As a result of the accident, Lauren went into a coma. She "woke" to awareness outside of her still comatose body, and was frustrated that she could not communicate with anyone. After a while, she chose to spend most of her time at her old apartment, where she is discovered by Arthur, the man who took over renting the place. Only he can see, hear or touch her. After some initial disbelief on his part, they fall in love.
Meaning.
The novel is about the importance of the human soul. At a certain point of his life, Arthur thought his soul was lost. The moment that he is able to feel love again, he also finds the power to face his past (which isn't pretty).
After the body was returned to the hospital, Arthur and Lauren realized that their time together is ending. This is when they grasp the concept of "carpe diem". They spent every possible second together, making the most out of every shared moment.
In 2005, the sequel to "If Only It Were True" was published, entitled "Vous revoir". No official English translation has been published yet.

</doc>
<doc id="5936815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936815" title="Biswajit Chatterjee">
Biswajit Chatterjee

Biswajit (full name Biswajit Deb Chatterjee, Hindi: बिस्वजित चॅटर्जी, Bengali: বিশ্বজিৎ চ্যাটার্জী) is a Bengali/Hindi actor. He was born in Calcutta, West Bengal on Monday,14th Dec 1936 and later went to Bombay to do some Hindi films.
Early career.
After a couple of films in Calcutta such as "Mayamrigo" (1960) and "Dui Bhai" (1961), Biswajit relocated to Bombay. In 1962, he performed in the film "Bees Saal Baad", which was followed by "Kohraa", "Bin Badal Barsat", "Majboor", "Kaise Kahoon" and "Paisa Ya Pyaar".
List of his filmography includes "Mere Sanam" (1965), "Shehnai", "Aasra"(1964), "Night in London", "Yeh Raat Phir Naa Ayegi" (1966), "April Fool" (1964), "Kismat" (1968),"Do Kaliyan" (1968), "Ishq Par Zor Nahin" and "Sharaarat" (1972). He was mostly paired with notable actresses such as Asha Parekh, Waheeda Rehmaan, Mumtaz, Mala Sinha and Rajshree.
Biswajit appeared in Rekha's debut film "Anjana Safar" (1969) (later re-titled "Do Shikaari"). Though "Anjana Safar" was blocked by the censors and not released until 10 years later, a scene from the film which shows him kissing Rekha appeared on the pages of the Asian edition of "Life" magazine.
In between acting in Bollywood movies, Biswajit kept going back to Calcutta to act in Bengali films as well. Notable ones among them are "Chowringhee" (1968) and "Garh Nasimpur" with Uttam Kumar and " Kuheli " and much later, "Srimaan Prithviraj" (1973) , " Jai Baba Taraknath "(1977)and " Amar Geeti " (1983). 
Apart from being a popular actor in his times, Biswajeet is also an accomplished singer and still performs in concerts. In the 1970s, he cut a disc of two Bengali modern numbers [" Tomar chokher kajole..." and " Jay jay din..."], composed by none other than Salil Choudhury; of these, the former was a super-hit.
Later career.
In 1975, Biswajit produced and directed his own film, "Kahte Hai Mujhko Raja". He also acted in the film with stars such as Dharmendra, Hema Malini, Shatrughan Sinha, and Rekha (reteaming with her after "Anjana Safar"). R.D. Burman did the music. Later he went back to acting.
Political career.
In the 2014 general elections, he contested from the New Delhi as a Trinamool Congress candidate. He finished a dismal 7th, securing a paltry 909 votes.
Personal life.
Biswajit has been married twice and has three children. He has a son and a daughter by his first wife, Ratna Chatterjee, whom he abandoned for his second wife when his children were very young. His son Prasenjit is an actor in the Bengali film industry. His elder daughter, Pallabi Chatterjee, is a film and television actress. Neither of them have any personal contact with their father and have not appeared in any movie together after "Chhotto Jigyasa" in which Prasenjit enacted the real life son of Biswajeet as a five year old.
Biswajit lives in Bombay with his second wife and their daughter Shambhavi.

</doc>
<doc id="5936822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936822" title="Ori (Hebrew)">
Ori (Hebrew)

Ori (also, Orri—both pronounced "Oree") is a popular name in the Hebrew language. The name means "my light". It is normally given as a male name.
A common female Hebrew name with similar meaning and sound is Orli (pronounced Orlee - meaning "light to me").

</doc>
<doc id="5936826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936826" title="Philosophy, Psychiatry, &amp; Psychology">
Philosophy, Psychiatry, &amp; Psychology

Philosophy, Psychiatry, & Psychology is an academic journal founded in 1993 and the official publication of the Association for the Advancement of Philosophy and Psychiatry (AAPP) which fosters close associations with the American Psychiatric Association.. The journal focuses on the overlap of philosophy, psychiatry, and abnormal psychology. It aims to make clinical material accessible to philosophers while advancing philosophical inquiry into the area of psychology. It includes book reviews, original works, and a variety of special columns. 
The founding editor is Bill (K. W. M.) Fulford of the University of Warwick and the co-editor is John Z. Sadler of the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center. The journal is published quarterly in March, June, September, and December by the Johns Hopkins University Press. Circulation is 127 and the average length of an issue is 92 pages.
Mission.
The journal is an aspect and element of a broader research activity reflecting the moulding and development of a new specialized system of knowledge, viz., the philosophy of psychiatry which arose in the middle of the nineties as an addition to both analytic philosophy and to the interpretation of mental health care. The new philosophy of psychiatry aims at a better understanding of psychiatry through an analysis of some of its fundamental concepts. Along with the journal "Philosophy, Psychiatry, and Psychology", this new discipline has an international network with regular conferences, numerous books, institutions and the masters programme based on the "Oxford Textbook of Philosophy and Psychiatry".

</doc>
<doc id="5936830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936830" title="Andrea (genus)">
Andrea (genus)

Andrea is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="5936839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936839" title="Valvin muscat">
Valvin muscat

Valvin muscat is a hybrid grape variety for use in white wine production. It was developed by grape breeder Bruce Reisch at the Cornell University New York State Agricultural Experiment Station and released on July 7, 2006. 
Valvin muscat is the result of a cross between Muscat Ottonel (vitis vinifera) and hybrid Muscat du Moulin (Couderc 299-35). It has distinct muscat grape characteristics.

</doc>
<doc id="5936840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936840" title="Listen to the Rain on the Roof">
Listen to the Rain on the Roof

"Listen to the Rain on the Roof" is the third season premiere episode of the American comedy-drama series "Desperate Housewives", and the 48th episode overall. The episode premiered on ABC (American Broadcasting Company) on September 24, 2006. It was written by series creator Marc Cherry and series writer Jeff Greenstein, and was directed by Larry Shaw. 
The episode takes place six months after the events in the second season. In the episode, Bree (Marcia Cross) becomes engaged to Orson Hodge (Kyle MacLachlan), who is accused of murdering his missing wife by his former neighbor, Carolyn Bigsby (Laurie Metcalf). Meanwhile, Gabrielle (Eva Longoria) deals with the ramifications of her impending divorce and Lynette (Felicity Huffman) copes with her husband's illegitimate daughter and the girl's mother. Also, Susan (Teri Hatcher) meets a new man, Ian Hainsworth (Dougray Scott), while waiting for Mike (James Denton) to awaken from his coma.
According to Nielsen ratings, the episode drew just over 24 million viewers, indicating a 4 million viewer decrease from the previous season premiere a year earlier. The episode received mostly positive reviews. Critics complimented the six-month time jump and generally agreed that the episode showed improvement over the quality of the second season.
Plot.
Background.
"Desperate Housewives" focuses on the lives of several residents living on Wisteria Lane in the town of Fairview. In previous episodes, Bree Van de Kamp (Marcia Cross) begins dating Orson Hodge (Kyle MacLachlan), a local dentist. Mike Delfino (James Denton) plans to propose to Susan Mayer (Teri Hatcher); however, Orson intentionally runs over Mike with his car and then flees the scene. Gabrielle (Eva Longoria) and Carlos Solis (Ricardo Antonio Chavira) elect their maid, Xiao-Mei (Gwendoline Yeo), as their surrogate. Afterwards, Gabrielle discovers that Carlos and Xiao-Mei are having an affair. Lynette Scavo (Felicity Huffman) learns that her husband, Tom (Doug Savant), fathered a child out of wedlock prior to their meeting. The girl, 11-year-old Kayla (Rachel Fox), and her mother, Nora (Kiersten Warren), move from Atlantic City to Fairview. 
Episode.
"Listen to the Rain on the Roof" takes place six months after the aforementioned events. Orson and Bree become engaged and, although they initially planned to wait until they were married to have sex, they are unable to overcome temptation. Bree visits the doctor immediately after, fearing that she may have suffered a stroke; her doctor informs her that Bree had just experienced her first orgasm. Later at the couple's engagement party, Orson's former neighbor, Carolyn Bigsby (Laurie Metcalf), arrives uninvited and accuses Orson of having killed his missing wife, Alma (Valerie Mahaffey). Despite a sense of doubt, Bree believes Orson when he denies Carolyn's claims. Later, the rain washes away mud at a construction site and uncovers a buried body.
Mike has been comatose since the hit-and-run. Dr. Lee Craig (Terry Bozeman) warns Susan that Mike will most likely not awaken from his coma, but she remains optimistic. She meets Ian Hainsworth (Dougray Scott), a British man whose wife, Jane (Cecily Gambrell), has been in a coma for several years. Ian asks Susan on a date, which forces her to face the unlikeliness of Mike recovering.
Gabrielle and Carlos are in the middle of a prolonged divorce. Carlos has moved into an apartment across town and Gabrielle is forced to care for Xiao-Mei, who is over eight months pregnant and on bed rest. During an argument, Gabrielle threatens to send Xiao-Mei back to China after she has the baby. Later, Gabrielle discovers that Xiao-Mei has run away and enlists Carlos' help to find her. The two bicker before acknowledging the challenges they will face while trying to raise a child as a divorced couple. Edie Britt (Nicollette Sheridan) finds Xiao-Mei in a house that she has been trying to sell and notifies the Solises.
Lynette is frustrated with Nora inviting herself to family events. To ensure that Nora does not show up to Parker's (Zane Huett) birthday party, Tom and Lynette tell her that they are having Kayla over for a quiet afternoon. Nora becomes suspicious and arrives at the party unannounced. She is furious over their deception and threatens to take Kayla home, but Tom tries to calm her by inviting Nora to stay. Lynette accuses Tom of putting Nora and Kayla ahead of the rest of the family, which encourages Tom to ask Nora to leave and pick up Kayla later. Eventually, Nora obliges.
Production.
"Listen to the Rain on the Roof" was written by series creator Marc Cherry and series writer Jeff Greenstein and directed by Larry Shaw. Cherry's decision to advance the storylines by six months for the third season premiere came as a response to the series' problematic second season. Cherry stated that he regretted most of the second season, as scheduling problems made it difficult to plan the season's storylines. "One of the problems I had with Season 2 was that I had to keep going with the previous year's stuff," he explained. "I learned you have to go back to square one to build up the tension again." The cast also expressed disappointment in the second season; James Denton considered leaving the show and Marcia Cross confessed: "I've been at Marc's door plenty of times script complaints going, 'You've got to be kidding.'" Cherry stated that the six-month time jump would help the storylines develop quicker, as the second season's storylines lagged. He added: "And I'm going to work much harder to criss-cross all the women's stories so that their lives bump up against each other." 
To help refresh the show, several new writers were hired, including Greenstein, Joe Keenan, who also served as an executive producer, and Bob Daily, who was also a producer. Daily commented, "When we came on in season three, the mandate was to bring the show back to its roots. That meant having plotlines spring from relatable experiences, no matter how operatic or convoluted." For the season's main mystery, Cherry and the writers wanted to incorporate more of the series' regular characters rather than bringing in various new ones, like they had done in the second season with Betty Applewhite (Alfre Woodard) and her family. They developed the Orson plot line around the "idea that one of our women marries a guy who has dark secrets and possibly a violent streak." Cherry opined: "I thought there was something exciting about that, but real and relatable." Greenstein commented that the writers worked backwards from the second season's cliffhangers to develop the Orson storyline, forsaking the original material that had been developed earlier. The cast responded positively to the new material for the season. 
The episode is the first to feature Kyle MacLachlan as a series regular. He originally appeared as Orson Hodge in a string of episodes at the end of the second season. The Orson character was originally planned as a romantic interest for Susan, according to executive producer Tom Spezialy, until Cherry decided to pair Orson with Bree. Additionally, when Orson was introduced toward the end of the second season, he was originally to be a con artist. A character portrayed by Julie White appeared in the second season finale and would have been Orson's accomplice, but the entire storyline was discarded in favor of the mysterious disappearance of Orson's wife and White's character was not seen or mentioned again. MacLachlan commented that his character is "desperate to make this relationship with Bree work. Anything that tries to knock that apart becomes a threat." Cherry called Orson Bree's perfect match, but added that their similarities "will ultimately prove to be the downfall of the relationship." 
Kiersten Warren also returned to the series as Nora Huntington after being introduced at the end of the second season. On her storyline, Warren commented, "There's a lot of families who are going through this. Not quite the surprise ooh, boo, child, but children from other marriages and trying to meld these families. I think a lot of people have to deal with it. I think it's fantastic that they’re doing this on the show." Dougray Scott made his debut in this episode as Ian Hainsworth, Susan's romantic interest. Cherry opined that the character "can legitimately rival Mike for affections." Daily commented on the storyline, saying: "Talk about dark comedy — we're trying to find the humor in these two people bonding over the fact that they each have a partner in a coma." Scott called his character "bumbling at times," adding, "He kind of blossoms after he rediscovers his romantic juices with Susan."
Reception.
Ratings.
According to ABC, "Listen to the Rain on the Roof" was watched by 24.09 million viewers, placing it as the second-most watched program of the week on all networks, behind ABC's "Grey's Anatomy". According to Nielsen ratings, the episode received a 14.6 rating/21 share. The episode was watched by four million less viewers than the second season premiere a year earlier but managed to outperform the second season finale in May.
Critical reception.
David Kronke of the "Los Angeles Daily News" wrote that the show "returns to its wicked wit, dialing back but certainly not eradicating the melodrama." He complimented the four main actresses for their comedic relief and concluded: "Rarely does a show unjump the shark this well; it's back in fine form, calibrating its humor and its menace just right." "New York Daily News" writer David Bianculli compared the premiere to the show's second season, noting that the episode showed "an assurance and a knowing playfulness that was missing most of last year." He complimented Cherry and Greenstein's script and approved the storylines for each character. Bianculli opined that the episode returned the quality of the show's first season and concluded: "Pass the word: If you've given up on 'Desperate Housewives,' it's time to return to the neighborhood." "Entertainment Weekly" Lindsay Soll identified Eva Longoria as the episode's strongest performer, declaring that she "definitely looks like the one to watch this season." Soll was glad to see that the Susan character was "a little more toned down and less accident-prone than usual," and called the scenes with Susan and Mike touching. Additionally, she opined that Laurie Metcalf "did a brilliant job of playing the classic TV nosy neighbor," but expressed her confusion over the Orson storyline.
Dave Anderson of "TV Guide" called the episode first-rate, while praising the comedic Bree storyline and declaring the set-up for the Orson mystery storyline ingenious. He commended Marcia Cross' performance but opined that Longoria provided the best comedic relief. He also complimented Teri Hatcher's acting, commenting that she "was awesome in the poignant scene where she asks the comatose Mike permission to go on the (almost) date with Ian." Anderson identified the Scavo storyline as "the weakest link" in the episode and hoped that the Nora and Kayla characters would not remain on the show for too long. "TV Guide" writer Matt Roush shared similar sentiments regarding the Scavo storyline, stating that while the premiere overall was good, "Lynette is trapped in a story line so desperately unamusing, one that makes her and everyone around her act so idiotic, that you have to pray that we'll soon see the last of the obnoxious Nora, mother of Tom's surprise daughter." He described the storyline as "painfully unpleasant and unfunny." However, Roush praised the performances of Metcalf and Valerie Mahaffey, while concluding that "Desperate Housewives" "shows encouraging signs of getting its act together." In a separate review, Roush unfavorably compared the Orson character to Bree's former love interest, George Williams (Roger Bart), while also admitting to being "a bit weary" of the Gabrielle storyline.
"USA Today" Robert Bianco acknowledged that the episode managed to avoid repeating many of the second season's mistakes noting that the four main characters spend more time together and the annual mystery "is hot-wired into the housewives themselves." Bianco remarked that Cross successfully maintained her position as the series' most prominent lead and was pleased with Susan's storyline, calling it "a conflict that gives Teri Hatcher a genuinely funny, rather than forced, sight gag." He approved of the writers' decision to distance the characters from their second season storylines, but opined: "The harder mistake to overcome is the damage the show did to its main characters — allowing them to behave in ways that made them seem weak, selfish, stupid and, at times, despicable." Bianco concluded: "It will take more than one good episode to win us back after all that. But it's certainly a good place to start." Jen Creer of TV Squad was mixed in her review. She criticized the lack of originality in the storylines, writing that the episode was similar to "Sex and the City". Nevertheless, Creer complimented the main actresses, concluding, "I'll be tuning in next week – for all of its camp and unoriginality, the show does continue to have that certain something, those little twists of genius that make it worth watching." Andy Dehnart of MSNBC was slightly more positive in his review, acknowledging that while "most of the housewives are stuck in their second-season ruts," the show's overall quality has improved, citing the Orson storyline as a welcomed change from the slow-moving Applewhite mystery arc. Overall, Dehnart approved of the episode and felt that the show "may be on track to finally pleasuring its audience in new, albeit familiar ways."

</doc>
<doc id="5936844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936844" title="Metel (disambiguation)">
Metel (disambiguation)

Metel was a Soviet ship. Metel can also mean:

</doc>
<doc id="5936856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936856" title="Androlepis">
Androlepis

Androlepis is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae. The genus name is from the Greek “andros” (man) and “lepis” (scale).

</doc>
<doc id="5936862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936862" title="Alex White Plume">
Alex White Plume

Alex White Plume (born 1952) is the former Vice-President and Tribal President of the Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine Ridge Reservation, located in South Dakota of the United States. He served as president from June 30, 2006-November 2006, after Cecilia Fire Thunder was impeached. 
From 2000 to 2002, he earned unwanted publicity when United States federal drug agents raided his farm and destroyed his crop of industrial hemp before he could harvest it for seed as intended. They got a court order prohibiting him to grow the crop. Although the Oglala Sioux have sovereignty on their land and hemp does not have psychoactive properties, the agents operated under a 1968 federal anti-drug law prohibiting the cultivation of "Cannabis"-related crops. By contrast, the sale of hemp products is allowed in the United States. Issues of tribal sovereignty on this issue are still at play, although the 8th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the DEA action. They acknowledged that the DEA registration process could be a burden for farmers like White Plume.
Early life and education.
Alex White Plume was born on the Pine Ridge Reservation. He grew up strongly connected to traditional Lakota culture. He joined the US Army and was stationed in Berlin, Germany, where he left the US Army in 1978. After returning to Pine Ridge, he lived in the Manderson Housing project with his German wife R. M. His daughter Jessica White Plume stems from this marriage. At that time, he joined the Tribal Police Force as an officer. White Plume's interest in socio-political issues developed later in life.
Career.
White Plume has pursued a life of farming but had difficulty succeeding with crops on the limited agricultural lands of the reservation, where physical conditions are harsh and challenging. He and his extended family, or "tiospaye," tried alfalfa, barley and corn; they also tried to raise raised horse and bison, which are being raised by ranchers in growing herds on the Great Plains. All yielded little more than subsistence under the harsh conditions.
After considerable research, in 1998 the Oglala Sioux Tribe passed an ordinance to allow the cultivation of low-THC hemp on the reservation. The market for the crop was high around the world, and it is a sustainable product with a short growing season. During World War II, the US government encouraged hemp's cultivation for its qualities of "hardiness, utility and low cost." 
In April 2000 White Plume and his family planted industrial hemp on their farm on the Pine Ridge Reservation. He is reportedly the only farmer to date to openly plant, cultivate, and produce cannabis-related crops within the borders of the United States since they were prohibited by federal anti-drug laws in 1968. While hemp products can be sold in the United States, its cultivation is prohibited, a law implemented by the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). Although related to cannabis, hemp does not have psychoactive properties and is in demand worldwide for a variety of uses, including processing as a cloth and as food. 
In addition, White Plume thought that the tribe's sovereignty on its land would enable him to grow the crop. Federal DEA agents made a surprise raid on his field that August and destroyed his crops. In August 2002, he was served with eight civil charges by the US District Attorney related to the hemp cultivation, and a court order prohibiting continued growing of the crop. Although he has appealed, the 8th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the DEA, while acknowledging that its registration process could be a burden and that hemp might be a good crop for the Pine Ridge Reservation.
Political career.
Described as a traditionalist Lakota, White Plume was elected as Vice-President for Oglala Sioux Tribe in November 2004, serving until June 29, 2006. After the tribal council impeached Cecilia Fire Thunder, the tribal president, and removed her from her duties, White Plume acted as president until the next election in November 2006. 
He was succeeded by John Yellowbird Steele, who had served as president before Fire Thunder was elected. 
In 2009 White Plume criticized the two deaths and 19 people hospitalized resulting from James Arthur Ray's crowding 64 people into a sweat lodge. Ray, a non-Native, multimillionaire, self-help guru, had for years been running sweat lodges and retreats for "Spiritual Warriors" - customers who paid a high fee. White Plume said the Lakota were working with other tribes to try to prevent their sacred ceremonies being stolen and abused by such outsiders.

</doc>
<doc id="5936872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936872" title="Löffingen">
Löffingen

Löffingen is a town in the district Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 14 km southwest of Donaueschingen, and 40 km southeast of Freiburg.

</doc>
<doc id="5936873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936873" title="Cats (film)">
Cats (film)

Cats is a 1998 direct-to-video musical film of the long-running West End production of "Cats", Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical based on "Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats" by T. S. Eliot. Lloyd Webber himself personally oversaw orchestration for the film and called on Gillian Lynne, the original show's choreographer, to personally train the cast for the film. Trevor Nunn, the original director, did not serve as the director of this production. Andrew Lloyd Webber and others on the production team for the film wanted to keep the feeling that viewers watching the film could still get the sense of seeing the show live, by having all views be facing the stage, therefore, getting multiple views of the set, but still feel like the viewer is part of a live audience, with several close-ups. Initially released to VHS and subsequently DVD and Blu-ray, the film has since been shown on television channels including PBS, the BBC, and Ovation TV. It was filmed at the Adelphi Theatre in London.
Plot.
The musical centres on the "Jellicle Tribe", a tribe of cats who meet once a year at the Jellicle Ball, where they rejoice with their leader, Old Deuteronomy. During the Jellicle Ball, only one of the cats will be selected by Old Deuteronomy to go to the Heaviside Layer, be reborn and come back to a different life, which is known as a "Jellicle Life", just before dawn. The cats who may be considered for this honour, introduce themselves.
Act 1 The musical starts out with an overture. During that, lots of eyes of what they're known as "Jellicle Cats", which are known as "Jellicle Eyes" glow at the audience in an empty junkyard, from one to many. The cats now shut their eyes off and a few start to gather on stage and ask to the audience about what they can and do as a Jellicle Cat, on purpose, by singing "Jellicle Songs for Jellicle Cats", as the rest joins in. The cats then see and hear a man from the audience asking to them, "What's a Jellicle Cat?", which they questioned it back, being annoyed by that. To answer that, in unison, they explain to him, and the rest of the audience, about different cats' names, by reciting the "Naming of Cats" poem, quietly, but fiercely.
Munkustrap appears and introduces the first cat: Jennyanydots ("The Old Gumbie Cat"). She "sits and sits and sits" all day and rules over the mice and teaches various activities to them. Jennyanydots finishes, greets the other cats, but is interrupted.
The music instantly changes and The Rum Tum Tugger makes an extravagant entrance ("The Rum Tum Tugger"). The Rum Tum Tugger is a tom with a wild mane and leopard spots on his chest. He is very fickle and unappeasable, "for he will do as he do do and there's no doing anything about it". He flirts with various queens in the tribe until his music is cut short at the end of his song.
An old grey cat stumbles out and looks around. It is Grizabella. All the cats back away and glare at her with resentment. The cats sing of her saddened, unfortunate state ("Grizabella: The Glamour Cat"), with Demeter elaborating.
Grizabella leaves and the music becomes upbeat. Bustopher Jones, a fat cat in "a coat of fastidious black", appears ("Bustopher Jones: The Cat About Town"). Bustopher Jones is among the elite of the cats, belonging to many clubs and making many speeches at various events.
There is a loud crash, and Macavity, the most wanted criminal cat, is thought to have appeared. However, two black and orange calico cats sneak out. They are Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer, two petty thieves, who are very mischievous, and enjoy causing trouble for their human family ("Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer").
Soon, the Jellicle Patriarch, Old Deuteronomy, appears ("Old Deuteronomy"). He is a large old cat that “has lived many lives” and “buried nine wives”. He is the one who will choose which Jellicle cat will go to the Heaviside Layer.
Munkustrap and the cats proceed to entertain Old Deuteronomy with the story of two dog tribes clashing in the streets, but were scared away by a superhero-like cat called the Great Rumpus Cat. ("The Awful Battle of the Pekes and the Pollicles").
Another loud crash is heard, and the cats again suspect Macavity is around. He appears lurking in the shadows, but withdraws. And the cats come out again ("The Song of the Jellicles"). Munkustrap once again states why the cats are there and the celebration begins ("The Jellicle Ball").
Grizabella shows up once again refusing to be left out of the festivities. Once again, she is shunned by the other cats, but that does not stop her from singing ("Memory").
Grizabella leaves and the cats sing of "what happiness is" ("The Moments of Happiness").
Gus shuffles forward ("Gus: The Theatre Cat"). He is the cat that once was a famous actor but now he is old and “suffers from palsy that makes his paws shake”. He is accompanied by Jellylorum, who sings of his exploits in the theatre.
Skimbleshanks is sleeping in the corner ("Skimbleshanks: The Railway Cat"). He is unofficially in charge of the railway train. He is very clever and very important because if he is gone “the train can’t start”.
Another crash and an evil laugh is heard. It is indeed Macavity. He kidnapps Old Deuteronomy with his henchcats, and Demeter and Bombalurina sing of his crimes (Macavity: The Mystery Cat). Suddenly, Old Deuteronomy comes back again, led by a few henchcats, but Demeter realises "Old Deuteronomy" is an imposter and exposes him to the rest of the tribe. It is Macavity in disguise. Macavity battles against Munkustrap and Alonzo after trying to kidnap Demeter, eventually escaping.
The Rum Tum Tugger suggests they find Mr. Mistoffelees to help them look for Old Deuteronomy ("Mr. Mistoffelees: The Conjuring Cat"). Mr. Mistoffelees is black and small and can perform many feats of magic that no other cat can do (including producing "Seven Kittens, right out of a hat" ), and succeeds in bringing back Old Deuteronomy. He is praised by all the cats.
The Jellicle choice can now be made. Old Deuteronomy sits down and Grizabella appears for the final time. Old Deuteronomy allows her to have a chance to address the cats. Her faded appearance and lonely disposition have little effect on her song (""Memory"").
The appeal succeeds and she is chosen to be the one ("Journey to the Heaviside Layer"). A large tire rises up with Old Deuteronomy and Grizabella. Once at the top Grizabella finishes the journey herself. Old Deuteronomy gives his last speech to the cats ("The Ad-dressing of Cats") and the show ends.
Differences.
The video is slightly different from the stage production of "Cats". Primarily it is shorter, the dances having been cut down during the Gumbie Cat, Magical Mr. Mistoffelees, Macavity: The Mystery Cat, and in Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer. The entirety of "Growltiger's Last Stand" was cut because filming overran. The production is primarily based on the London production, but includes some non-London character names such as Tumblebrutus and Pouncival for the London characters Bill Bailey and Carbucketty.

</doc>
<doc id="5936878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936878" title="Ray Culp">
Ray Culp

Raymond Leonard Culp (born August 6, 1941 in Elgin, Texas) is a retired baseball pitcher who pitched for Major League Baseball's Philadelphia Phillies (1963–66), Chicago Cubs (1967), and Boston Red Sox (1968–73).
In 11 seasons he had a 122-101 Win-Loss record, 322 Games, 268 Games Started, 80 Complete Games, 22 Shutouts, 21 Games Finished, 1 Save, 1,898 ⅓ Innings Pitched, 1,677 Hits Allowed, 863 Runs Allowed, 755 Earned Runs Allowed, 188 Home Runs Allowed, 752 Walks Allowed, 1,411 Strikeouts, 70 Hit Batsmen, 73 Wild Pitches, 8,066 Batters Faced, 58 Intentional Walks, 3 Balks and a 3.58 ERA.

</doc>
<doc id="5936882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936882" title="Trinil 2">
Trinil 2

Trinil 2 is a fossilized upper cranium of the species "Homo erectus". It was discovered in Trinil, Indonesia by Eugène Dubois in 1891.
Dubois initially classified it as "Pithecanthropus erectus" but it was reclassified in the 1950s by Ernst Mayr when he combined "Pithecanthropus" ("Java Man") and "Sinanthropus" ("Peking Man") into "Homo erectus". This specimen has also been known as Pithecanthropus 1.
Its characteristics are a long cranium with a sagittal keel and heavy browridge.

</doc>
<doc id="5936901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936901" title="Blacksun Festival">
Blacksun Festival

The Blacksun Festival was an annual 3-day goth and industrial music international festival held in New Haven, Connecticut spread out between several different venues. The festival started in 2005. The festival billed itself as more than just a weekend long concert, but also as a social event designed to pull people together from different parts of the world who share an interest in goth and industrial music. In addition to live performances, the festival included a gothic fashion show, variety shows, a trivia contest, dance afterparties featuring various international goth and industrial DJs, and various music and fashion vendors.
Since many larger goth and industrial festivals are held in Europe, the Blacksun Festival provided a closer opportunity for North American bands to get a chance to perform in a festival setting alongside with better established European bands.
The final Blacksun was in August of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="5936903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936903" title="Speedrive">
Speedrive

"Speedrive" is Misono's 3rd single as a solo artist. It debuted at #13 on the Oricon Daily Charts, making it be the lowest debut number for any of Misono's singles. This is also her first single she performed live on television.
Overview.
"Speedrive" was the theme song for the movie "Love Com". The lyrics for "Speedrive", as well as the lyrics for "Ari to Girigirsu: 10 Years Later", were written by Misono herself. Also, arrangement was done by Takahiro Izutani.
Music video.
The PV for "Speedrive" is roughly based on "The Ugly Duckling". In the video, Misono is walking around the streets of a city in an ugly duckling costume and then at the end she finally becomes a swan. A special "Lovely Complex version" PV was aired to promote both the single and the movie, which included scenes from the movie. The DVD includes the original version of the PV.

</doc>
<doc id="5936910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936910" title="St Colum's Primary School">
St Colum's Primary School

St. Colum's Primary School is situated in the town of Portstewart, Northern Ireland. It caters for children aged between 4 and 11 years. The school is located in Lever Road close to the centre of Portstewart and is one of two primary schools in the town, the other being Portstewart Primary School. St Colum's is a feeder school to many local grammar schools including Dominican College, Portstewart, St. Joseph's Grammar School, Coleraine and Loretto College, Coleraine.
The principal of the primary school is Mrs. McCullagh, a former teacher at the school. The school nursery is placed right beside the main school, giving young children the chance to settle in well before progressing to the main school. The school was created in the 1950s and has always had a reasonable number of pupils.
They also take part in a joint carol service every year with Portstewart Primary School.

</doc>
<doc id="5936915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936915" title="Loitz">
Loitz

Loitz () is a town in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the river Peene, 10 km northeast of Demmin, and 22 km southwest of Greifswald.

</doc>
<doc id="5936925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936925" title="Cliff Brewery">
Cliff Brewery

The Cliff Brewery is a Grade II listed former English brewery. 
Location.
The building is located on Cliff Lane, near the Ipswich wet dock. 
History.
The business that became "Cliff Brewery" was started in 1723 ( in Kings Quay Street, Harwich) by Thomas Cobbold and is believed to be the second oldest independent brewery in England. It stood above the quays of the River Orwell at Ipswich, since 1746.
Cobbold merged with local rival, Tollemache Breweries in 1957 to form Tolly Cobbold. The brewery ceased operations in 2002, when the Tolly Cobbold company merged with Ridley's brewery.

</doc>
<doc id="5936933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936933" title="Argentine anchoita">
Argentine anchoita

The Argentine anchoita, "Engraulis anchoita", is an anchovy of the genus Engraulis, found in and around waters of Argentina. The species, that at present may be considered almost unexploited (Sánchez & Ciechomski, 1995), plays a key role in the pelagic ecosystem of the Argentine waters. 
By biomass, it is the largest fish resource of the southwest Atlantic Ocean (Ciechomski & Sánchez, 1988). 
The species constitutes the main component of the diet of several important commercial species such as hake, squid and mackerel (Angelescu, 1982). 
South of 34°S at least two populations of E. anchoita occur separately at approximately 41°S: the northern and the Patagonian or southern stock (Hansen et al., 1984). 
Northern stock undergoes annual migrations: during winter it is found in the northern part of its distribution area, whereas in spring massive spawning occurs in coastal sectors off the Buenos Aires Province, mostly in waters shallower than 50 m (Sánchez & Ciechomski, 1995; Pájaro, 1998). Then, the reproductive schools disperse into outer shelf waters during summer to feed, returning again to northern waters in winter (Angelescu, 1982; Hansen & Madirolas, 1996; Cousseau and Perrotta, 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="5936939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936939" title="The White Diamond">
The White Diamond

The White Diamond is a 2004 documentary film by Werner Herzog. It illustrates the history of aviation and depicts the struggles and triumphs of Graham Dorrington, an aeronautical engineer, who has designed and built a teardrop-shaped airship which he plans to fly over the forest canopies of Guyana. It features music composed by Ernst Reijseger, which was re-used in Herzog's 2005 film "The Wild Blue Yonder".
Most of the film focuses on Dorrington's flights near Kaieteur Falls, in Guyana. Dorrington discusses the mechanics of his flight, as well as his own struggles with uncertainty and the "heaviness" he feels after the death of the cinematographer Dieter Plage. The film also explores the Kaieteur Falls themselves, a local man named Marc Anthony Yhap, a local diamond miner, and the white-tipped swifts ("Aeronautes montivagus") which roost in an inaccessible cave behind the falls.
The film holds ratings of 83% (based on 12 reviews) on the film review aggregator websites Metacritic and 94% (based on 18 reviews) on Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="5936941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936941" title="Two-lane expressway">
Two-lane expressway

A two-lane expressway is an expressway with only one lane in each direction, and usually no median barrier. It may be built that way because of constraints, or may be intended for expansion once traffic volumes rise. The term super two is often used by roadgeeks for this type of road, but traffic engineers use that term for a high-quality surface road. Most of these roads are not tolled.
A somewhat related concept is a four-lane undivided expressway. This is much rarer; an example is some sections of U.S. Route 101 in northern California.
Justification.
Two-lane freeways are usually built as a temporary solution due to lack of funds, as an environmental compromise or as a way to overcome problems constrained from highway reconstruction when there are four lanes or more. If the road is widened, the existing road is typically allocated to traffic going in one direction, and the lanes for the other direction are built as a whole new roadbed adjacent to the existing one. When upgraded in this manner, the road becomes a typical freeway. Many two-lane freeways are built so that when the road is upgraded to a proper divided freeway, the existing overpasses and ramps do not need reconstruction.
A super-2 expressway is a high-speed surface road with at-grade intersections, depending on the common usage of the term expressway in the area. By this definition, Super-2s can be considered the first stage of project which is expected to become a full freeway, with the transportation authority owning the land necessary for the future adjacent carriageway. At-grade intersections exist but there is sufficient land to replace them with interchanges. In some US states, a super-2 expressway is simply referred to as a super-2, regardless of whether it is fully controlled-access or not. Highway 410 in Ontario was originally a super-2 before being upgraded to a full freeway. Similarly, most of Highway 102 in Nova Scotia was a super-2 for three decades before being upgraded. Many super-2 expressways are simply just short transitional segments between surface street and 4-lane divided freeways.
A super-4 expressway is a multi-lane divided highway with at-grade intersections, although the highway will become a full controlled-access freeway if the intersections are replaced with interchanges. A super-4 may have formerly been a super-2 that has been twinned, although such instances of super-4 intermediaries are rare as super-2s are often upgraded right away to full freeways. Highway 40 in Ontario is a super-4 expressway between Highway 402 and Wellington St., and from Indian Rd to Courtright. The remaining sections of Highway 40 are super-2 expressways. Other super-4 expressways include the Hanlon Parkway in Guelph and the Black Creek Drive in Toronto, both which have sufficient right of way to allow for interchanges and overpasses to replace the at-grade crossings.
When a super-2 expressway is converted to a 4-lane divided freeway, conversion artifacts such as double yellow lines, or broken yellow lines in passing zones are usually cleanly bestowed in favor of more consistent road marking for 4-lane divided expressways.
List of two-lane freeways.
South Africa.
Some sections of two lane freeway can be found on the N1 and the N2 highways.
South Korea.
The 88 Olympic Expressway, Route 12, is a two-lane limited access tollway for 144 of its 183 kilometers, between exits 14 (Damyang) and 26 (East Goryeong). It is fully integrated into South Korea's ticketed tollway system. This section is to be widened to four lanes by 2015.
in 2nd Gyeongin Expressway, Hakik Junction to Oknyeon IC (3 km) is two Lane.
Japan.
While most expressways in Japan are 4-lane divided expressways with median barriers, some expressways in rural areas are 2-lane expressways, such as some sections of the Hokkaidō Expressway. The 2-lane expressways in Japan are built in the same manner as the ordinary 4-lane expressways with grade-separated interchanges and full access control, allowing future conversions to full 4-lane divided expressways.
Malaysia.
The two-lane expressway is not a new concept in Malaysia, as the Kuala Lumpur – Karak Expressway was initially a two-lane toll expressway before being upgraded to a full expressway in 1997. While the full four-lane divided toll expressways are more favored in recent years due to their higher traffic capacity, a few two-lane expressways do exist, such as the Kempas Highway and the North Klang Straits Bypass. These expressways, however, only have partial access control with at-grade intersections commonly available like most other federal and state roads. Nevertheless, these two-lane highways are still classified as "two-lane expressways" as they are maintained by highway concessionaires, namely PLUS Expressways Berhad (Kempas Highway) and Shapadu (North Klang Straits Bypass).
Meanwhile the South Klang Valley Expressway at Teluk Panglima Garang is a two-lane carriageway making it the first true two-lane expressway in Klang Valley and the second in Malaysia.
The first true two-lane expressway with full access control is the section of the Senai-Desaru Expressway between Cahaya Baru and Penawar.
As a stop-gap measure.
Sometimes, two-lane expressways are built as a stop-gap measure prior to an upgrade as a four-lane expressway or full freeway. In these cases, constrained funding is leveraged for short-term construction, and in other cases, traffic volumes do not warrant passing lanes in these scenarios.

</doc>
<doc id="5936953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936953" title="Peter Kyle">
Peter Kyle

Peter Kyle (September 1880 – 1961) was a Scottish footballer.
Born in Rutherglen, Glasgow, Kyle played at centre-forward, first for junior clubs Larkhill and Royal Albert before joining Clyde. Reportedly rejected by Clyde due to his fierce temper, he moved south of the border to join Liverpool in 1899, and figured for Liverpool in their first four games of the 1899-00 season, but lost his place to John Walker and only played one more match that season. Unhappy with reserve-team football, he left in summer 1900 and went on to play for a range of Southern League clubs, including Leicester City (1900–01), West Ham United (1901–02), Kettering Town (1902–05) and Tottenham Hotspur (1905–06). At Tottenham, he was reportedly involved in a fracas with team-mate Chris Carrick and suspended by the club.
In April 1906 he joined Woolwich Arsenal and made his debut on the first day of the 1906-07, in Arsenal's First Division win over Manchester City on September 1, 1906. That season, he was prolific in front of goal, scoring thirteen goals in 29 league appearances (although Charlie Satterthwaite was Arsenal's top scorer that season) as Arsenal finished seventh. The following season, Kyle was the Reds' top scorer with nine goals (eight in the league and one in the FA Cup), although Arsenal's form was much poorer and they only finished 14th.
With the club strapped for cash, Kyle was sold to keep the club's finances viable, to Aston Villa in March 1908. In all he scored 23 goals in 60 appearances for Woolwich Arsenal. Kyle was not as big a success at Villa as he had been with Arsenal, and after less than a year he had moved on to Sheffield United, (with Robert Evans for a combined fee of £1100). He finished his career back in the Southern League with Watford.

</doc>
<doc id="5936963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936963" title="The Genesis of Shannara">
The Genesis of Shannara

The Genesis of Shannara is the title of a series of novels written by Terry Brooks. The first book, "Armageddon's Children", was released by Del Rey Books on August 29, 2006 in the United States and by Orbit Books on September 7, 2006 in the United Kingdom.
These novels bridge the "Word & Void series" with the "Legends of Shannara" series, two other of Brooks' productions. They cover events during The Great Wars, which are alluded to often in the "Shannara" series. 
The books.
"Armageddon's Children (2006)".
The first novel in the "Genesis" trilogy details the quest of two Knights of the Word in protecting two powerful magics in a post-apocalyptic Earth.
"The Elves of Cintra (2007)".
This book deals mostly with the Elves first mentioned in "Armageddon's Children". It continues the storyline of the two Knights of the Word of the previous book. It was released August 28th of 2007.
"The Gypsy Morph (2008)".
The conclusion to the trilogy deals with the titular Gypsy Morph finding the safe haven from the coming cataclysm to protect those that will populate the new world. It was released on August 26th, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="5936972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936972" title="St. Kabir Public School">
St. Kabir Public School

__NOTOC__
History.
St. Kabir Public School was established in 1974 in Sector 8 Chandigarh, India. Its motto is "Labor Omnia Vincit". In 1991, it shifted to its current facility in Sector 26 Chandigarh. It is a school which teaches the students to deal with the world efficiently, and with confidence. It was rated as the seventh best school in Chandigarh after St. Stephens, Vivek High School, Govt Model Sector 10 & 16, St. John's and St Anne's.
Founder.
Mr J. P. Singh was the founder. Some quotes from him are:
Facilities.
It has biology, chemistry and physics laboratories and a library with internet facilities.
Academics.
The school is affiliated with CBSE board . The school students will be giving the board exam of CBSE for the first time in the year 2013. This is a new chapter for the institution.
Annual Shows.
Every year the school celebrates its annual show function. It includes musicals, ground shows, project displays and much more. Recently the musical " Oliver!" had taken place in the school.Now in the year 2012 a ground show will be held. In the year 2013 a project display was held for classes 1-7 and class 9 performed a play ' My Fair Lady'. 
Achievements.
The school actively participates in various inter school competitions, and even organizes inter house competitions. Recently 2 students from the school attended the Summer Studies Program organized by Duke Universities, the TIP program in the well known Infosys Mysore Campus.The children even excel in various national and international Olympiads .
Campus facilities.
The school has an attractive campus. The gardens are well laid out and are maintained properly. The classes are spacious and well ventilated. The computer laboratory is provided with air conditioner facility.The school is active in TERI activities and every year an ambassador is chosen from the school.

</doc>
<doc id="5936978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936978" title="Super two">
Super two

A super two, super two-lane highway or wide two lane is a two-lane surface road built to highway standards, typically including partial control of access, occasional passing lanes and hard shoulders. It is often built for eventual conversion to freeway or at least divided highway status once traffic volumes rise. It has also been used in cases where environmental concerns are prevalent, such as where Interstate 93 becomes a super two in Franconia Notch, New Hampshire. 
Wide two-lane.
In Ireland, the term wide two-lane is used by the National Roads Authority in the planning of routes using such a road type. In policy documents, the designation WS2 is used. 
Wide two-lane roads are common on national roads; both on less important but medium-capacity routes, and on more important routes not yet upgraded to dual carriageway or motorway. Wide two-lane roads in the Republic generally have hard shoulders and are undivided single carriageway. Grade separation of junctions has been used on some schemes—for example the N20 bypassing Croom. Most wide two lane roads are wide enough that one can overtake without crossing the center line, if a vehicle in front pulls into the hard shoulder (the carriageway including hard shoulders is 15–17 metres wide ). 
Many future national road schemes in the Republic will use 2+1 roads or 2+2 roads, as opposed to wide two lane which is considered to better suit lower capacities than that catered for by 2+1. Wide two lane, if finished to particularly high quality, with grade separated interchanges, has been shown to lead to a false sense of security (from the apparently high speed road) and more dangerous driving (due to the carriageways not being separated).
WS2 is also the term used in the UK for a wide single carriageway.

</doc>
<doc id="5936983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936983" title="Ohio State Route 87">
Ohio State Route 87

State Route 87 (SR 87) is an east–west highway in northeastern Ohio, a U.S. state. Its western terminus is in Cuyahoga County at US 6, US 42, SR 3 (among other routes) at Public Square in downtown Cleveland and ends at an intersection with SR 5 and SR 7 near Kinsman.
Route description.
SR 87 begins at Public Square in Cleveland, at an intersection with US 6 / US 42 / SR 3. It is concurrent with US 422 and SR 8 for just over (as well as SR 14 and SR 43 for a short segment), and then leaves the concurrency to occupy a section of Woodland Avenue. The route heads eastward and becomes Buckeye Road, and then Shaker Boulevard, which is a divided boulevard with RTA commuter rail tracks (the "Rapid") between the east- and westbound lanes as it travels through Shaker Heights.
At Richmond Road in Beachwood, SR 87 joins SR 175 from the north and heads south approximately to Chagrin Boulevard, where the route leaves SR 175 and joins US 422 east. A short distance later, at the I-271 interchange, US 422 leaves the concurrency southward, and SR 87 continues east on Chagrin Boulevard through Woodmere Village and Pepper Pike, and then on Pinetree Road and South Woodland Road, intersects SR 91 (SOM Center Road) and enters Moreland Hills. 
SR 87 enters Geauga County and becomes Kinsman Road for most of its remaining length, and intersects SR 306 (Chillicothe Road), passes by Punderson State Park, and intersects SR 44 (Ravenna Road) at Newbury.
The route then enters Burton, where it temporarily becomes Center Street and intersects SR 168 (Cheshire Street); then through Ohio's second largest Amish community in Middlefield as High Street, the route intersects SR 608 (State Street).
Just east of Middlefield, the route resumes its Kinsman Road name, and intersects with SR 528 (Madison Road), before entering Trumbull County.
In Trumbull County, SR 87 intersects SR 534 at Mesopotamia, and then SR 45 at North Bloomfield. Next, it crosses SR 46, followed by its interchange with SR 11. Finally, it intersects SR 193 and reaches its terminus at the SR 5 / SR 7 concurrency north of Kinsman.

</doc>
<doc id="5936984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936984" title="Anthony Lloyd">
Anthony Lloyd

Anthony Francis Lloyd (born 14 March 1984) is an English footballer who plays for North Ferriby United as a defender. He played over 60 games in the Football League for Huddersfield Town and Torquay United as well over 40 games for York City in the Conference Premier.
Career.
Born in Taunton, Somerset, Lloyd began his career as a trainee with the Huddersfield Town youth system, signing a professional contract on 22 August 2003. Lloyd made his league debut on 27 September 2003 after starting in a 3–0 win at home to Leyton Orient. He was a member of the 2004 promotion side, playing in the play-off Final at the Millennium Stadium, Cardiff as Huddersfield beat Mansfield Town in a penalty shoot-out after a 0–0 draw after extra time. He finished the 2003–04 season, his first in the first team, with 36 appearances and three goals. and this was extended for a second month later in November. He signed for Torquay permanently on 5 January 2006 on a contract until the end of the 2005–06 season. He played against Birmingham City during with Torquay.
He joined Conference National club York City on 20 July 2006, after turning down a new contract with Torquay. He played in both legs of York's 2–1 defeat on aggregate Morecambe in the play-off semi-finals. He finished the 2006–07 season after making 35 appearances for York and the club announced on 16 May 2007 that he would be released when his contract expired on 30 June.
Following his release by York, Lloyd went on trial with Farsley Celtic and signed for the newly promoted Conference Premier side on 31 July. He was employed by the club on a short-term, part-time basis and worked in a warehouse. He rejoined York on 27 September after leaving Farsley. He scored his first goal for York in the FA Trophy first round away to Altrincham, in a 3–1 victory. He was released by York for a second time following the end of the 2007–08 season.
Lloyd joined Guiseley in July 2008. He joined Bradford Park Avenue on loan on 29 December 2010. After being released by Guiseley he signed for Northern Premier League Premier Division side Stocksbridge Park Steels on 28 July 2011. He signed for Northern Premier League Premier Division rivals North Ferriby United in December.

</doc>
<doc id="5936999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5936999" title="No Mercy (No Mercy album)">
No Mercy (No Mercy album)

No Mercy is the 1996 debut album for the band of the same name. It was the group's most successful album and contains all four of their Billboard Hot 100 hits.
The album was released in the same year in Europe, retitled "My Promise" and with a different tracklisting.

</doc>
<doc id="5937027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937027" title="Texas State Highway 103">
Texas State Highway 103

State Highway 103, or SH 103, is a state highway that runs through east Texas from an intersection with SH 7 near the Neches River through Lufkin to an intersection with SH 21 near the Louisiana state border. The route was originally designated in 1926.
Route description.
SH 103 begins at an intersection with SH 7 just east of the Neches River. It then travels generally eastward to the western outskirts of Lufkin. The route then briefly travels northeast along State Loop 278 and US Route 69 before entering Lufkin coinciding with the business route of US 69. At Atkinson Drive, it turns east and proceeds out of town. It crosses two arms of Lake Sam Rayburn before reaching its eastern terminus at SH 21 just west of Milam, and 10 miles from the Louisiana border. The entire route covers 63.05 miles.
History.
SH 103 was originally designated in 1926 from Centerville east through Crockett to Lufkin, replacing a section of SH 7, which was truncated further to the north. By 1933, the route has only been built between Crockett and Ratcliff, and was only an improved earth road. By 1940, sections around Lufkin were completed, but did not connect to earthen roads to the west. In 1941 the western end from Centerville to Radcliff was reassigned to SH 7, which was shifted to the south. The entire routing was completed by the late 1940s, which the duplication from Radcliff east to the Neches River was removed in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="5937030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937030" title="Bispham-Wilson Historic District">
Bispham-Wilson Historic District

The Bispham-Wilson Historic District (also known as the Jackson F. Bispham House) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on September 14, 2002) located in Sarasota, Florida. The district is at 4613 South Tamiami Trail. It contains 3 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5937031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937031" title="Eric Shansby">
Eric Shansby

Eric Shansby, commonly known as Shansby, is a cartoonist and illustrator for various American periodicals, including the Washington Post. His cartoons appear weekly next to humorist Gene Weingarten's "Below The Beltway" column. Shansby is from Silver Spring, Maryland. He studied philosophy at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, graduating in 2007. Shansby attended the Communication Arts Program at Montgomery Blair High School. Shansby's cartoons have been featured in the book Best Editorial Cartoons of the Year since 2004. In 2006 Shansby was featured in the Yale Daily News's list of "Mover and Shakers" on campus. Shansby has won numerous awards for his editorial cartoons, including an American Society of Newspaper Editors award in 2003 and a Maryland State Teachers Association award for media coverage of public education. In 2003 he swept the Columbia Scholastic Press Association's Gold Circle awards, taking first place in all three cartooning categories. In 2002, Shansby won the national Amazing Kids Comic Contest, resulting in a yearlong apprenticeship with Nancy creator Guy Gilchrist. In 2001 Shansby became the youngest journalist ever to receive a professional award from the Maryland-Delaware-DC Press Association.

</doc>
<doc id="5937034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937034" title="Ekaltadeta">
Ekaltadeta

Ekaltadeta is an extinct genus of giant marsupials related to modern rat-kangaroos.
They are hypothesized to have been either predatory, or omnivorous with a fondness for meat, based on their chewing teeth. This conclusion is based mainly on the size and shape of a large buzz-saw-shaped cheek-tooth, the adult third premolar, which is common to all "Ekaltadeta". A few species actually did also have long predatory "fangs".
Fossils of the animals include two near complete skulls, and numerous upper and lower jaws.

</doc>
<doc id="5937047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937047" title="Seven Hills School (Cincinnati, Ohio)">
Seven Hills School (Cincinnati, Ohio)

The Seven Hills School is a private, non-denominational school in Cincinnati, Ohio. It consists of Doherty (PK-5) and Lotspeich (PK-5), Seven Hills Middle School (6-8) and Seven Hills Upper School (9-12). The Seven Hills School is the largest independent, non-church-affiliated school in Ohio. The Seven Hills School is accredited by the Independent Schools Association of the Central States and is a member of the National Association of Independent Schools. Along with four other local schools, Seven Hills was recognized in 2009 by Cincinnati Magazine for Outstanding Achievement in the category of General Excellence.
History.
The Seven Hills School was formed in 1974 from the combination of three Cincinnati institutions — the College Preparatory School, the Hillsdale School and the Lotspeich School. The Doherty School was founded by Miss Doherty. It was called Miss Doherty's College Preparatory School for Young Girls from its founding in 1906 until 1974. Meanwhile, Lotspeich, the middle school, and the high school were known as Hillsdale-Lotspeich. Both schools were originally only open to women until around the 1960s/early 1970s.
Values.
Seven Hills is named after the "Seven Hills of Cincinnati", where it is located. The school promotes seven values that are represented by each hill. Those values are:
Campuses.
The Seven Hills School is divided into two campuses: Hillsdale and Doherty.
Hillsdale.
Hillsdale is the main campus of the school. It includes the Upper School, the Middle School, and Lotspeich, one of Seven Hills' two elementary schools. It is also home to most of the athletic fields and gymnasiums as well as the school's main administrative office.
Doherty.
Doherty is another campus of the school. It is home to an elementary school of the same name.
At Doherty, grade 1 is also known as Unit 1, grades 2 and 3 are grouped together into Unit 2, and grades 4 and 5 are grouped into Unit 3. Grades in the same unit are grouped together for some classes, assemblies, and other purposes.
Curriculum.
Seven Hills offers courses on English, Fine and Performing Arts, Foreign Language, History, Mathematics, Physical Education and Health, Science, and Technology and Computer Science. To graduate from the Upper School, students are required to complete four years of English and three years of mathematics, science, history, and a foreign language. Additionally, each student is required to complete their Personal Challenge. A Personal Challenge is worked on throughout each students time in the Upper School. Personal Challenges must stretch a student's personal limitations (without being dangerous), take thirty or more hours to complete, and be shared with the community.
Sister Schools.
Seven Hills maintains sister school relationships with Lycée Paul Melizan in La Valentine, a suburb of Marseille, France, and Liuzhou High School in Liuzhou, China. Seven Hills has also previously partnered with Colegio La Salle Burgos in Burgos, Castilla y Leon, but will partner with a school in Bilbao, Pais Vasco beginning in the 2013-2014 school year. Foreign exchanges are maintained with each school--students in Spanish and French 3 or higher are eligible for exchanges to the respective country in alternating years, while exchange to Liuzhou is offered to any rising senior each year. Students travel to Marseille and Paris in March of odd years, with foreign students arriving in April of the same year; in even years, students travel to Madrid and Bilbao in March, with foreign students arriving in the previous October. Students travel to China in July, with foreign students arriving in January of the following year.
Clubs and activities.
Seven Hills has a variety of clubs and other activities open to students.
Upper clubs.
Thirty-five clubs and organizations currently meet in the upper school, the majority of which meet at lunch time on a weekly basis.
Latin Club.
Seven Hills' Latin Club functions as a local chapter of both the Ohio Junior Classical League and National Junior Classical League. In the 2009–10 OJCL convention, Seven Hills' Latin club earned second place in the Points per Capita Sweepstakes.
Paper Noise.
"Paper Noise" is the biannual literary magazine published by members of the Upper School, featuring writing pieces from all grade levels of Seven Hills. The group also holds an annual open mike lunch where students can read poetry or literature, whether it is written by themselves or someone else.
Middle clubs.
Roots & Shoots.
Since 2005, members of the middle school have run a member group of the organization Roots & Shoots. The group coordinates projects that raise money for charitable causes or that help the environment. Some of their projects include adding a fountain in the middle school for reusable water bottles to discourage the use of disposable water bottles and arranging for the school cafeteria to have reusable silverware instead of disposable plasticware.
Doherty clubs.
At Doherty, Stamp Club, Good Apples, and Student Council meet weekly at lunch time.
Stamp Club.
Stamp Club, run by the librarians, is open to students in fourth or fifth grade. Usually, the students collect, organize, and trade stamps or play a stamp-related form of bingo.
Good Apples.
Fourth and fifth grade students at Doherty and fifth graders at Lotspeich can join Good Apples. At the beginning of the year, those students are assigned to a teacher. Each week, they'll help the teacher with whatever task that teacher might need help with.
Athletics.
The Seven Hills Stingers are a member of the Miami Valley Conference, which is part of the Ohio High School Athletic Association. Seven Hills has a combined total of ninety-seven teams playing soccer, basketball, baseball, softball, track and field, volleyball, tennis, cross country running, golf, gymnastics, cheerleading, lacrosse, and swimming. The school has also received the OHSAA Harold A. Meyer Sportsmanship Award for the past three years, and was also awarded the Charlie Selzer Sportsmanship Award in 2005. Additionally, the middle and upper schools both offer various intramural sports which take place throughout the year during lunch time.
Golf.
In 2009, the school's varsity golf team earned sixth place in the OHSAA Boys Division III State Golf Championship.
Soccer.
In 2009, the Seven Hills varsity boys soccer team, coached by Terry Nicholl, won the league, sectional, district, and regional tournaments, losing only in the state semifinal match against Worthington Christian School. They completed their season with a record of 19-2-1. In 2010, the middle school boys team had 19-0 for their season, with 76 goals, 4 goals against and 15 shutouts.

</doc>
<doc id="5937072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937072" title="Please Yourself">
Please Yourself

Please Yourself is the sixth studio album by British girl group Bananarama. It was released in 1993 by London Records, the last release the group had on this label. It is also the first album from Bananarama as a duo – with original members Sara Dallin and Keren Woodward continuing after the departure of Jacquie O'Sullivan the previous year and the last to feature both Sara Dallin and Keren Woodward to play bass guitar on some tracks on the album. "Please Yourself" also reunites Bananarama with two-thirds of the Stock Aitken Waterman production team (Stock and Waterman). Musician Gary Miller was brought in to do keyboards and guitar and would be Bananarama's next collaborator on their next album "Ultra Violet".
"Please Yourself" features songs in a Europop style. It is the first Bananarama album not to get a release in the United States, and upon its release in the UK, it was panned by critics and charted at a low number forty-six. There was a limited double CD edition featuring 12" remix of former hit singles. Dallin and Woodward have later admitted in interviews that they are not fond of this album.
On 19 March 2007 Bananarama's first six studio albums were re-issued by Rhino Records. All re-issues are remastered and each includes several bonus tracks, consisting of B-sides and remixes.
Track listing.
CD and cassette versions
Limited 2-CD edition with Classic 12" Collection
Japanese CD version
2007 CD re-issue plus bonus tracks
Unreleased songs and demos
Personnel.
Bananarama
Musicians
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="5937082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937082" title="Vicky Morales">
Vicky Morales

Victoria "Vicky" Morales-Reyno (born July 13, 1969) is a popular television newscaster in the Philippines. She currently co-anchors GMA Network's late-night newscast "Saksi" with Arnold Clavio and hosts the Saturday afternoon documentary-drama show "Wish Ko Lang". The 1999-2004 edition of Saksi featured her former partner, "Imbestigador" host Mike Enriquez, who was the co-anchor with Vicky in the 1998-1999 Filipino language edition of "GMA Network News".
On March 19, 2008, Morales gave birth to twin boys Leon Alfonso and Filippo Luis, via caesarian operation.

</doc>
<doc id="5937085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937085" title="Caples'-Ringlings' Estates Historic District">
Caples'-Ringlings' Estates Historic District

The Caples'-Ringlings' Estates Historic District (also known as the John Ringling Estate, the Charles Ringling Estate, and the Ralph Caples Estate) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on December 15, 1982) located in Sarasota, Florida. The district is bounded by the Sarasota Bay, US 41, Parkview and North Shore Avenue. It contains 18 historic buildings and 5 structures.

</doc>
<doc id="5937102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937102" title="Super 530">
Super 530

The Matra Super 530 is a French short to medium-range air-to-air missile. The Super 530 series is an improved type of the Matra R530 missile.
The Super 530 is being replaced by the MBDA MICA.
The Super 530D retains the same general aerodynamic features and internal layout as its Super 530F predecessor, with cruciform low aspect ratio wings and cruciform aft controls. However, the stainless steel body is longer to accommodate a new radome & seeker assembly and a new and more powerful dual-thrust solid propellant motor. The missile is 3.80 metres long, has a body diameter of 263 mm, a wing span of 0.62 metres and with the same warhead as the Super 530F missile, weighing 270 kg.
Guidance is by the mono-pulse AD26 CW Doppler semi-active seeker, which has improved ECCM capability, and improved capability against low-flying targets. The missile's guidance unit is also fitted with digital micro-processing, which enables the seeker to be reprogrammed against new threats. The missile has a claimed maximum interception altitude of 80,000 feet (24,400 metres), with a snap-up capability of 40,000 feet (12,200 metres), and a snap-down capability to targets at 200 feet (60 metres). The missile has a range of 40 km and a maximum speed of Mach 5.

</doc>
<doc id="5937107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937107" title="Eagle Point Historic District">
Eagle Point Historic District

The Eagle Point Historic District (also known as Eagle Point Camp) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on October 3, 1991) located in Venice, Florida. The district is at 759 North Tamiami Trail. It contains 19 historic buildings and 1 structure.

</doc>
<doc id="5937115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937115" title="Overtown Historic District">
Overtown Historic District

The Overtown Historic District (also known as Blackbottom) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on July 19, 2002) located in Sarasota, Florida. The district runs roughly along Central and Cohen Avenues, between 9th and 4th Streets. It contains 25 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5937123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937123" title="Peter Drury">
Peter Drury

Peter Drury (born 1968) is a football commentator, formerly with ITV Sport as their number two football commentator, a role he had held since joining the network in 1998.
A politics graduate from Hull University, Peter began his career as a journalist with Hayters sports agency before joining BBC Radio Leeds in 1990 as a football and cricket commentator, presenter and reporter. 
Three years later, he moved to BBC Network Radio Sport. There, he worked for BBC Radio Five Live on a variety of sports, including golf (three Open Championships and two Ryder Cups), tennis, swimming and the University Boat Race. However it was Drury's work on football that made his name. He initially began as one of Five Live's team of reporters on their Saturday "Sport On Five" programme. 
However, following the departure of Rob Hawthorne to Sky Sports, Drury stepped up to the roster, and over the next three seasons was a highly regarded member of Five Live's commentary team, a team which included Alan Green, Mike Ingham, and his future ITV colleague Jon Champion.
During this time, Drury was highly prolific, commentating on many matches both domestically, and abroad. 
Among his credits was the 1996 Champions League Final, the Division One Play-Off Finals of 1996 and 1997, and Euro 96.
In the middle of season 1997-1998, Drury joined ITV Sport. His first match for the network was a dramatic FA Cup Quarter Final replay at Bramall Lane between Sheffield Utd and Coventry, a match Utd won on penalties. Since then, Drury has held down a high-profile position as ITV's number two commentator to Clive Tyldesley. 
He has commentated at five FIFA World Cup Tournaments in 1998, 2002, 2006, 2010 and 2014, plus four European Championships in 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012. 
In addition Drury has covered scores of matches, many of them 'live', ranging from the Premiership, UEFA Champions League and FA Cup, to the League Cup and the Football League. He has regularly covered the Championship Play-Off Final for ITV, and has also commentated on League Cup Finals, and more recently, the UEFA Cup Final. 
Drury commentated on his first major international final for ITV Sport at Euro 2008, although this was only for a highlights programme as only the BBC showed the match live.
Drury has also contributed to ITV's coverage of snooker and darts, and since 2005 has been the commentator on ITV's coverage of The Boat Race. He has also written for The Independent newspaper and several sporting publications, as well as being the voice of the Sony PlayStation game 'This is Football'. 
Drury can also be heard commentating on live Premier League games for TWI around the world in places like Australia, every weekend, as well as Champions League games on ITV.
Peter lives in Hertfordshire with his wife and their three children, playing cricket regularly for Berkhamsted CC; notably their 4th team.
He used to commentate on ESPN UK before the channel was merged with BT Sport, where he maintains working; usually providing on both the coverage of Serie A.

</doc>
<doc id="5937131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937131" title="Lincolnville Historic District">
Lincolnville Historic District

The Lincolnville Historic District, covering the southwest peninsula of the "nation's oldest city," St. Augustine, Florida, is a U.S. Historic District (designated as such on November 29, 1991). The district is bounded by Cedar, Riberia, Cerro and Washington streets and DeSoto Place. It contained 548 historic buildings at the time of its National Register listing, but the city of St. Augustine engaged in extensive demolitions in Lincolnville in the 1990s so the number of surviving buildings has decreased markedly. The city is seeking more demolitions in the 21st century to allow redevelopment.
History.
The community was established after the American Civil War in 1866 by freed slaves, when Peter Sanks, Matilda Papy, Harriet Weedman, Miles Hancock, Israel McKenzie, Aaron DuPont and Tom Solana leased land for $1.00 a year on what was then the west bank of Maria Sanchez Creek, across from the developed part of St. Augustine. The rest of the peninsula consisted of orange grove plantations: the Dumas plantation ""Yalaha"" (Seminole word for orange) at the northern end and ""Buena Esperanza"" (Spanish for "Good Hope") plantation at the south.
The freedmen originally called their settlement Africa, or Little Africa. After streets were laid out in 1878, it came to be known as Lincolnville (the northwest corner of modern Lincolnville was a orange grove owned in the 1860s by Abraham Lincoln's private secretary, John Hay—later Secretary of State under Theodore Roosevelt). Over the decades the settlement expanded from the northeast corner, around present-day Washington, Oneida, Dumas, St. Francis, St. Benedict and DeHaven streets (noted for narrow streets, small lots, and houses built close to the street line, in lineal descent from colonial St. Augustine style and land-use pattern) to embrace the entire peninsula.
When Standard Oil magnate Henry Flagler came to St. Augustine in the 1880s and redeveloped the city as a "Winter Newport," his changes affected Lincolnville. He filled in the northern reaches of Maria Sanchez Creek to create high ground for development (landfill included dirt with archeological remains excavated from the site of Fort Mose). His Standard Oil partner William Warden dredged the southern part of the creek to create what is now Maria Sanchez Lake. This expanded the eastern boundary of Lincolnville to the Ponce de Leon Barracks at 172-180 Cordova Street, now considered one of the historic district's major buildings. It was used for housing for servants and other workers at Flagler's hotels.
Some of the black waiters from the hotels formed America's first professional black baseball team. When they played here, they were known as the Ponce de Leon Giants, and when they played in the North, they were known as the Cuban Giants. One member of the team, Frank Grant, was later elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame. Jacksonville native James Weldon Johnson wrote about the baseball team in his 1933 autobiography "Along This Way".
In the 1940s the Flagler estate had the Barracks converted to the Lakeside Apartments (restricted under segregation for whites only). In the 21st century, it was redeveloped as a condominium, with no mention of its interesting history.
During the mid-20th century Civil Rights era, Lincolnville was the base of activists who struggled for the end of segregation in schools and public facilities. Subject to rising Ku Klux Klan violence, local activists appealed for help to the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in 1964, and Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. and activists from other parts of the country came to join local activists in non-violent protests. Hundreds were arrested and filled the jails; their struggle brought national attention to the issues and aided Congressional passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
See also.
St. Benedict the Moor School

</doc>
<doc id="5937136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937136" title="Warsong">
Warsong

Warsong, known as in Japan, is a tactical role-playing game developed by Nippon Computer Systems (NCS). The first in the "Langrisser" series, it blended tactical warfare with RPG elements, similar to the "Fire Emblem" series. It was initially released for the Mega Drive/Genesis console and the PC-Engine Super CD-ROM add-on, the former version being published by Treco in America and the only game in the franchise released outside Japan. The PC-Engine version was released under the title, "Langrisser: The Descendants of Light". It was later re-released along "Der Langrisser" (its sequel's remake) in a compilation for the Sega Saturn and PlayStation. That compilation was released for the PlayStation Network in 2009.
Gameplay.
The player controls a group of heroes or commanders to accomplish some goals each phase. They are joined with non-controlled allies to battle with enemies commanders. Before each phase, the player can purchase up to eight army units from a single type for every one of its heroes. The type of the available army depends on the hero class (e.g. Griffons can only be purchased by Dragon Knights) and have different prices. At the end of each phase, any survivor army provides some amount of cash for the player to use next time.
After each battle, the winning commander gains experience that allows him to upgrade to a more powerful class. If a hero dies, he is lost forever.
During the game, you slowly acquire ally leaders, each of whom can hire up to 8 troops (each troop representing 10 soldiers) to fight in stages called Scenarios. Each scenario starts you out in a defensive position with enemies nearby and a goal to accomplish. Typical goals are, "Protect this person", "Destroy all the enemies", "Destroy the enemy leader (other enemies optional)" and several other types. You chose where to place your troops in the beginning, and the formations you want to fight in.
Along the way, you also acquire special items that can increase the power of your commanders.As your commanders gain experience, they can be promoted to different "classes" with new spells, and new abilities.
Characters.
Note:. These characters and its information are from the Mega Drive/Genesis version
Classes in bold shows the initial class for that character
Plot.
Story.
The storyline follows the armies of Prince Garett of Baltia as they battle the Dalsis Empire and the monsters they unwittingly awaken, framed as a battle between the forces of good and an ancient evil that threatens to overrun the world.
The story begins with an assault on the Nation of Baltia by the forces of the Dalsis Empire. King Alfador sees the castle will not be able to stand and urges his son Prince Garett to flee to the town of Sulras, both for his own safety and to gather reinforcements from Duke Carleon. He assigns the sword master Baldarov to go with Garett and protect him on the journey.
Together they escape from the siege and journey to Sulras, meeting the cleric Mina on the way. The three of them help defend the town from a bandit raid in the night, and are granted some reinforcements by Duke Carleon. Before they can start the journey back, Sabra, one of Baltia's commanders, arrives to tell them that the Castle has already fallen to Dalsis and many of the other commanders have been taken prisoner. As he returns to the castle he is set upon by monsters in the woods, but he perseveres and eventually arrives at the castle. He leads a campaign to retake the Castle, freeing the prisoners. However, Dalsis has already taken the treasure Baltia was protecting, the magic sword "Warsong".
Garett then rushes to the aid of Anzel, one of Baltia's fortresses, which is also under siege. He rescues the fortress' commander Bayard, and begins his march through the Dalsis Empire towards Emperor Pythion's palace. Duke Carleon himself commits to the cause, joining the fight by Garett's side. The monsters that are encountered as they travel into Dalsis continue to become more vicious, numerous, and powerful as time goes by, and Garett realizes they are attacking the Dalsis forces as well as his own. He arrives at the palace and defeats Emperor Pythion, and the emperor explains that he awakened the ancient evil with Warsong.
Garett retakes Warsong and begins his campaign against the evil, fighting ever more powerful monsters along the way and eventually tracking their source to the dark land of Seneferia. He finally gains access to a citadel in Seneferia that is the home of the ancient evil, and deep within the citadel he fights the embodiment of that evil, Chaos.
After slaying Chaos, the defeated being admonishes Garett by explaining that Order and Chaos were created by the world itself and Chaos was revived to help save the world from destruction by keeping it in balance. Chaos also says that it will return as long as humans continue to fight one another. The citadel then sinks into the ground as Garett and friends escape, and Garett wonders whether they have actually saved the world, or set it on the path to ruin.
Music.
The music in "Langrisser" was composed by Noriyuki Iwadare and Isao Mizoguchi.

</doc>
<doc id="5937143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937143" title="Downtown DeLand Historic District">
Downtown DeLand Historic District

The Downtown DeLand Historic District (also known as downtown DeLand) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on December 23, 1987) located in DeLand, Florida. The district is bounded by Florida & Rich Avenues, Woodland Boulevard, & Howry Avenue. It contains 68 historic buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="5937147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937147" title="Melanie Pullen">
Melanie Pullen

Melanie Pullen (born in New York City, September 10, 1975) is a photographer who currently lives and works in Los Angeles, California
Pullen's work has been exhibited internationally, including solo-shows at Ace Gallery, Los Angeles and Ace Gallery, Beverly Hills; White Wall Gallery, Seoul; MiCamera, Milan. Her work has also been included in various museum exhibitions and has been broadly published 
Photographic art.
Pullen is most noted for "High Fashion Crime Scenes" which consists of over one-hundred photographs based on NYPD and LAPD crime scene files.
To create "High Fashion Crime Scenes" (1995–2005), Pullen employed the services of up to 80 crew members and models per picture, with each image taking up to a month to create, and the series using over $13 million worth of clothing and accessories.
Her photo shoots often resemble movie sets. "High Fashion Crime Scenes" in particular was directly inspired by cinema and photojournalism.
During her research into crime-scene photography, Pullen became haunted by war imagery. Pullen states, 
"As I grew desensitized to domestic crime and violence, I became more sensitized to images of war. It was a strange phenomenon that I've explored and philosophized. I don’t like violence, I have never been a dark person. I see stories and different layers to violent imagery. I'm curious about the response people have to violent images.” 
Early photography.
It is interesting to note that although there is strong theoretical connotation to her work, alongside masterful lighting and color theory, Pullen has never gone to school for photography, or taken a single lesson. She has learned her craft through trial and error, a process that has proved greatly beneficial to her work.
Despite her love of “accidents”, she is in fact a perfectionist “to the point of driving insane.” Pullen is inspired by geometry, and she loves lines and symmetry.
Shortly after acquiring, her first camera in her teens she began shooting for several publications, magazines, catalogs, and record labels.
She worked in 2004 with Beck for his album Guero and The Information. In addition to Beck, she's shot many other musicians, such as: Devendra Banhart, Joanna Newsom, Rock Kills Kid and The Black Keys.
Pullen did a small series of portraits of famed photographer Julius Shulman that have never been seen.
Printing and methods.
Pullen's photographs are some of the largest images in the world. Her images range in size from four-foot up to ten-foot seamless photographs. Some are face-mounted prints and others are large-format positives backlit in massive light-boxes.
She primarily works in film and shoots with a range of cameras, including: Hasselblad 503cw; Hasselblad H2; Linhof Technika; Canon EOS 3.
Pullen prints and retouches all of her own work with very little help, if any. She does her own high resolution scanning and she still employs traditional spotting techniques due to the size of her prints. She personally hand spots each print.
Childhood and Early Inspiration.
Pullen was raised in New York City's West Village. As a child her family consisted of writers, publishers, poets and painters. Her childhood home was frequented in the 70s and 80s by the likes of Andy Warhol, Allen Ginsberg, Emily Glen and Shel Silverstein. Pullen at the age of six would sometimes perform in Washington Square Park with Phillippe Petit (Man on Wire) in his neighborhood shows.
Pullen has noted that one of her inspirations was grandmother Ann Guilfoyle, the photo editor at Audubon Magazine and founder of "The Guilfoyle Report"
. Pullen's grandfather George Hornby started Domesday Press and worked as a freelancer or staff member with Knopf, Crown, Random House, Crowell-Collier, Rowman & Littlefield, and Farrar Straus & Young. He designed "Mr. President," a biographical study of Harry S. Truman in 1951 with whom he worked. Kathleen Guilfoyle, Pullen's mother, is a painter and supported her family through painting murals in Manhattan's Greenwich Village and through peddling her works on the streets of New York. Pullen's father, Wayne Pullen, has played professional pool for many years and is considered one of the most skilled one-pocket players in the US. He won first place in the USPPA Pro Am Classic in 2003 in Reno, Nevada.
Publications.
Pullen’s monograph "High Fashion Crime Scenes" (74 plates) is published by Nazraeli Press and has received international critical acclaim by magazines such as Spin, Variety, Vanity Fair, Elle and Vogue Magazine. Pullen’s book includes an introduction by Luke Crisell and essays by both Robert Enright and Colin Westerbech.
Pullen's photographic series have also been featured in numerous publications and broadcasts including: San Francisco Chronicle, New York Times Magazine, LA Times, ArtReview, The London Independent on Sunday Review, Vogue, Elle, Fortune, W, GQ, RollingStone, Nylon, Photo, Art Forum, National Public Radio, CBS Radio and CBS News.
Photography Books.
"High Fashion Crime Scenes," Photographs by Melanie Pullen. Published by Nazraeli Press: 128 pages, ISBN 1-59005-136-X ISBN 978-1590051368
Exhibitions.
Solo Exhibitions
2011 
Project Atrium: Melanie Pullen, The Museum of Contemporary Art Jacksonville, Jacksonville FL http://www.mocajacksonville.org/current/project-atrium-melanie-pullen
2010
High Fashion Crime Scenes, Wignall Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles
2009
Violent Times, Stephen Wirtz Gallery, San Francisco
2008
Violent Times, Ace Gallery Los Angeles
2007
High Fashion Crime Scenes, Micamera, Milan, Italy
2006
High Fashion Crime Scenes, Stephen Wirtz Gallery, San Francisco, CA
2006
High Fashion Crime Scenes, White Wall Gallery, Seoul, Korea
2005
High Fashion Crime Scenes, Ace Gallery Beverly Hills
2004
High Fashion Crime Scenes, Presented by the Los Angeles County Museum of Art’s 10th Annual Muse Art Walk, Los Angeles, CA
2003
High Fashion Crime Scenes, The Silver Lake Society of Authentic Arts, Los Angeles, CA
Group Exhibitions
2008
Dreams of Promise And Peril, The Warehouse Gallery, Syracuse, NY
Photos and Phantasy: Selections from The Frederick R. Weisman Art Foundation, Carnegie Art Museum, Oxnard, CA
Art And Illusion: Selections From The Frederick R. Weisman Art Foundation, Roseville Arts! Blue Line Gallery, Roseville, CA
2007
Tell Me a Story: Narrative Photography Now, The Museum of Photographic Arts, San Diego, CA
2006
City Limits, University Art Museum, California State University Long Beach, Long Beach, CA
Photos And Phantasy: Selections From The Frederick R. Weisman Art Foundation, The Frederick R. Weisman Museum Of Art, Pepperdine University, Malibu, CA
2005
Berkus’ Beauties, Atkinson Gallery Santa Barbara City College
High Fashion Crime Scenes, Ace Gallery Beverly Hills
2004
Selected Work from Juliette Lewis Series, High Fashion Crime Scenes, Downtown Artwalk, Los Angeles, CA
2003
High Fashion Crime Scene Photographs, The Silver Lake Society Of Authentic Arts, Los Angeles, CA
High Fashion Crime Scene Photographs, The Los Angeles Tar Festival, Los Angeles, CA
References.
High Fashion Crime Scenes (official site)
Ace Gallery
Exhibition Stephen Wirtz Gallery
New York Times Interview, 2004 New York Times
http://www.beck.com/colorspace
Gallery Crawl http://www.kqed.org/arts/programs/gallerycrawl/episode.jsp?essid=24440
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pF9tKM1BRrA

</doc>
<doc id="5937163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937163" title="Southern Cassadaga Spiritualist Camp Historic District">
Southern Cassadaga Spiritualist Camp Historic District

The Southern Cassadaga Spiritualist Camp Historic District (also known as the town of Cassadaga) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on March 14, 1991) located in Cassadaga, Florida. The district is bounded by Cassadaga Road and Marion, Stevens, Lake and Chauncey Streets. It contains 65 historic buildings and 2 objects.

</doc>
<doc id="5937167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937167" title="Kings Highway Conservation District, Dallas">
Kings Highway Conservation District, Dallas

King's Highwayis located in the Oak Cliff area of Dallas, Texas (USA). The district is bounded by Stewart Drive on the north, Davis Street on the south, Tyler Street on the east and Mary Cliff Road on the west. It is in Dallas Council District 3.
The conservation district was established in 1988 by Dallas Ordinance 19910, and governs zoning, renovations and replacements, setbacks, etc. Replacement houses are required to meet standards making them similar to the surrounding houses and houses of the period, discouraging teardowns and preventing modern suburban-style architecture.
King's Highway was established as a conservation district in 1988 and was the first of its kind to be established in Dallas.
A quote from the conservation documents:

</doc>
<doc id="5937180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937180" title="AL 200-1">
AL 200-1

AL200-1 (Afar Locality) is the fossilized upper palate and teeth of the species "Australopithecus afarensis", estimated to be 3.0-3.2 million years old. Its characteristics are an ape-like arrangement of teeth including spatulate incisors and a gap between the canines and outside incisors.
It was discovered in the Afar Depression in Ethiopia by Ato Alemayehu Asfaw on 17 October 1974. Donald Johanson and Maurice Taieb announced the discovery and published the initial description of the fossil in 1976 (the first detailed description was published by Johanson and Yves Coppens the same year).

</doc>
<doc id="5937184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937184" title="Lübtheen">
Lübtheen

Lübtheen is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 28 km west of Ludwigslust, and 37 km southwest of Schwerin.

</doc>
<doc id="5937187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937187" title="Strawn Historic Citrus Packing House District">
Strawn Historic Citrus Packing House District

The Strawn Historic Citrus Packing House District (also known as the Bob White Historic Citrus Packing House District) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on September 13, 1993) located at 5707 Lake Winona Road in DeLeon Springs, Florida in Volusia County. It contains 12 historic buildings and 3 structures. The packing house is in a state of abandoned decay and has not been operation since 1983.
Description.
The 20 acre site is situated off of U.S. Route 17 between Lake Winona Road and Ridgewood Avenue. It is bordered by the CSX railroad line on the southwest. It consists of a packing house with a distinctive saw tooth roof. Behind this building stands a barn, blacksmith shop, machinery house, a steam and dynamo building and 10 other structures.
History.
Theodore Strawn, a native of Illinois, settled in West Volusia County and started an orange packing operation in 1882. In 1921, the original packing house burned and a metal structure with an iconic sawtooth roof was constructed to replace it. The walls were built from stamped copper alloy steel panels, and designed to be fireproof.
The packing house was closed down after a destructive freeze on Christmas 1983. That year, the orange trees were killed down to the stump, according to John Strawn, the grandson of Theodore Strawn, the site's founder.
The site was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993, along with a sawmill and some additional Strawn agricultural buildings about a mile away.
The site has been heavily vandalized and looted over the years since it closed, in spite of no trespassing signs and a fence around the facility. In 2008 a fire destroyed the machine shop. In 2010, a fire destroyed a 40 foot by 50 foot outbuilding and damaged two others.
The site, even it its dilapidated condition, is of significant historical importance, as it depicts the early development of the citrus industry in Florida. It has been on The Florida Trust for Historic Preservation's list of Florida's Eleven Most Endangered Historic Sites since 2007. It is listed as endangered by the Volusia County Historic Preservation Board.

</doc>
<doc id="5937190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937190" title="Home Sweet Home/Bittersweet Symphony">
Home Sweet Home/Bittersweet Symphony

"Home Sweet Home / Bittersweet Symphony", also known as "Bittersweet Home" is a song by American rock group Limp Bizkit. It was released in December 2005 as the only single from the compilation album "Greatest Hitz". The song is a medley of "Home Sweet Home" by Mötley Crüe and "Bitter Sweet Symphony" by The Verve. It is, along with the songs "Why" and "Lean On Me", the only new content on the "Greatest Hitz" compilation, and is the third cover song Limp Bizkit has released on an album (the others being The Who's "Behind Blue Eyes", and George Michael's "Faith").
Music video.
The music video (which is included as a CD-ROM video on the single) is a blend of all the previous Limp Bizkit videos, taking scenes from them, as well as various other footage, including concerts, and backstage footage. At the beginning, however, the video shows a view from space, as the camera moves across the Earth, through a satellite, and finally zooms into Jacksonville, Florida, where the rest of the footage is then shown.

</doc>
<doc id="5937199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937199" title="Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus (consul 54 BC)">
Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus (consul 54 BC)

Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus, consul 54 BC, was an enemy of Julius Caesar and a strong supporter of the aristocratic party in the late Roman Republic.
He is first mentioned in 70 BC by Cicero as a witness against Verres. In 61 BC he was curule aedile, when he exhibited a hundred Numidian lions, and continued the games so long that the people were obliged to leave the circus before the exhibition was over, in order to take food, which was the first time they had done so. This pause in the games was called "diludium". 
He married Porcia, the sister of Cato the Younger, and in his aedileship supported the latter in his proposals against bribery at elections, which were directed against Pompey, who was purchasing votes for Afranius. The political opinions of Ahenobarbus coincided with those of Cato; he was throughout his life one of the strongest supporters of the aristocratic party. He took an active part opposing the measures of Julius Caesar and Pompey, and in 59 BC was accused, at the instigation of Caesar, of being an accomplice to the pretended conspiracy against Pompey's life.
Ahenobarbus was praetor in 58 BC. He was candidate for the consulship of 55 BC, and threatened that he would in his consulship carry into execution the measures he had proposed in his praetorship, and deprive Caesar of his province. He was defeated, however, by Pompey and Crassus, who became candidates, and was driven from the Campus Martius on the day of election by force of arms. He became a candidate again in the following year, and Caesar and Pompey, whose power was firmly established, did not oppose him. He was accordingly elected consul for 54 BC with Appius Claudius Pulcher, a relation of Pompey's, but was not able to effect anything against Caesar and Pompey. Both men were involved in an election scandal that year. He did not go to a province at the expiration of his consulship; and as the friendship between Caesar and Pompey cooled, he became closely allied with the latter.
Ahenobarbus was the elected magistrate presiding over the trial against Titus Annius Milo in 52 BC for the murder of Publius Clodius, as related by Asconius' summary of Cicero's "Pro Milone". For the next two or three years during Cicero's absence in Cilicia, our information about Ahenobarbus is principally derived from the letters of his enemy Coelius to Cicero. In 50 BC he was a candidate for the place in the college of augurs, left vacant by the death of Quintus Hortensius, but was defeated by Mark Antony through the influence of Caesar.
The senate appointed him to succeed Caesar as governor of the province of further Gaul, and on the march of Caesar into Italy in 49 BC, he was the only one of the aristocratic party who showed any energy or courage. He threw himself into Corfinium with about twenty cohorts, expecting to be supported by Pompey; but as the latter did nothing to assist him, he was compelled by his own troops to surrender to Caesar. His soldiers were incorporated into Caesar's army, but Ahenobarbus was dismissed by Caesar uninjured—-an act of clemency which he did not expect, and which he would certainly not have shown, if he had been the conqueror. 
Despairing of life, he ordered his doctor to give to him poison, but the latter gave him only a sleeping draught. Ahenobarbus' feelings against Caesar remained unaltered, but he was too deeply offended by the conduct of Pompey to join him immediately. He retired for a short time to Cosa in Etruria, and afterwards sailed to Massilia, which he defended against Caesar. He prosecuted the war vigorously against Caesar; but the town was eventually taken, and Ahenobarbus escaped in a vessel, which was the only one that got off.
Ahenobarbus now went to Pompey in Thessaly, and proposed that after the war all senators should be brought to trial who had remained neutral in it. Cicero, whom he branded as a coward, was not a little afraid of him. He was killed just after the Battle of Pharsalus in 48 BC, in which he commanded the left wing against Publius Sulla. He was struck down trying to escape after the city had fallen. According to Cicero's assertion in the second Philippic, Mark Antony himself struck the blow that killed him. Ahenobarbus was a man of great energy of character; he remained firm to his political principles, but was unscrupulous in the means he employed to maintain them.
The poet Lucan makes Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus a significant character in book 7 of his "Pharsalia" (he is called "Domitius"). Domitius is significant in the poem because he is the only known senator who died supporting Pompey at Pharsalia, and thus is a symbol of the dying republic. Additionally, Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus is Nero's great-great-grandfather and shares Nero's birth name.
He was the son of Gn. Domitius Ahenobarbus (consul 96 BC), and the father of Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus (consul 32 BC).

</doc>
<doc id="5937200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937200" title="Charles van der Gucht">
Charles van der Gucht

Charles Graham van der Gucht (born 14 January 1980 in Hammersmith, London) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a left-arm slow bowler who played first-class and one-day cricket for Hampshire between 1999 and 2000.
Van der Gucht had originally played for Hampshire’s Second XI during the 1997 Second XI Championship and, two years later, in the Second XI Trophy, where in the first year of the competition he guided his team to the final, despite the team losing to Kent at the climax of the competition.
Van der Gucht played in the 1999 38-County Cup for Hampshire Cricket Board, and later in the season, in the first three rounds of the NatWest Trophy. Van der Gucht was a tailend batsman for the Second XI, whose persistence with the bat was not to show through on his first-class debut, though he impressed with the ball, taking three wickets in a four-day draw against a team of Zimbabweans touring the country during the year.
Van der Gucht was quickly out of the team, though he continued to play for a brief period in the Second XI. His final first-class appearance, for Durham UCCE, ended in a draw, in which van der Gucht batted soundly, though his form with the bat was not to be matched by his performance with the ball, taking one wicket at a heavy run-per-over rate.
Van der Gucht retired from all forms of cricket in 2003 having failed to fully recover from a serious Traffic collision| two years previously in which he broke both his legs. 
Van der Gucht’s grandfather, Paul van der Gucht, was a first-class cricketer between 1932 and 1947, who played for Gloucestershire and Bengal.

</doc>
<doc id="5937201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937201" title="Ingenta">
Ingenta

Founded in 1998, Ingenta provided technology and associated services to the publishing and information industries. Its software enables scholarly, financial and business publishers to make content available to online institutional and individual end users, under a variety of business models.
In 2007, Ingenta merged with VISTA, and Publishers Communication Group (PCG) to form a new company, Publishing Technology plc, which is listed on the London Stock Exchange's Alternative Investment Market.
Today, IngentaConnect is provided to over 13,500 publications and includes over 4.5 million articles.
History.
Ingenta was founded in May 1998, and acquired the Bath Information Data Services (BIDS), a British bibliographic service, later that year from the University of Bath. The company acquired US document delivery supplier UnCover in March 2000, and became publicly listed on the London Stock Exchange two months later, before going on to acquire Publishers Communication Group (in June) and Dynamic Diagrams (in September). Ingenta merged with CatchWord in January of the following year, and went on to acquire HERON in March 2002.
The company partnered with Google to enable indexing of its hosted full text in May 2004, and launched a new flagship website, IngentaConnect, that October. During 2005, the company's product line was streamlined and relaunched: new library services include IngentaConnect Complete; new publisher services include Ingenta"by"Design and Connect Collections. Further pioneering work with Google in 2006, along with groundbreaking research into RDF triplestores, saw Ingenta ranked 10th in the UK industry sector for the R&D Scoreboard published by the Department of Trade and Industry (United Kingdom)[http://www.innovation.gov.uk/rd_scoreboard/downloads/2006_rd_scoreboard_analysis.pdf]. 
To date, Ingenta has over 300 publisher customers, 25,000 institutional library customers and 2 million end users. IngentaConnect supports over 31 million user sessions and delivers over 1 million full text articles each month.
Technologies provided by Ingenta include:
Ingenta's marketing services, provided by its Publishers Communication Group (PCG)[http://www.pcgplus.com] subsidiary, help publishers maximise distribution of their content.

</doc>
<doc id="5937203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937203" title="Stephen Reed (footballer)">
Stephen Reed (footballer)

Stephen Leslie Reed (born 18 June 1985) is an English footballer who plays for Bideford A.F.C. as a midfielder.
Career.
Reed was born in Barnstaple, Devon and began his career as a trainee with Yeovil Town, turning professional in September 2002. He made his Conference debut in April 2003, as a substitute in a 4–0 away win against Dagenham & Redbridge, his only appearance as Yevoil won promotion to the Football League. His league debut came in November 2003, Reed was sent off late in the game as Yeovil lost 2–1 to Bury, Bury's winner coming just two minutes after Reed's dismissal.
In October 2004, Reed joined Forest Green Rovers on loan, spending two months with the Nailsworth side. Further loan spells followed the next season, in August 2005 with Woking and the following month with Aldershot Town. In March 2006 he joined Torquay United on loan, moving to Plainmoor on a free transfer at the end of the season.
Reed left Torquay by mutual consent on 16 February 2007, joining Tiverton Town the same day. He later joined Weston-super-Mare until the end of the season. On 17 May 2007, Reed signed for Conference National side Cambridge United.
In July 2008, he joined Weymouth. He left the club on 23 April 2009 due to an "internal club matter." but joined Macclesfield Town on 21 May 2009. He joined Conference National club, Grays Athletic on a one-month loan in November 2009. In December 2009, Reed joined his former club Weymouth on a one-month loan to get match fitness, a deal which was extended on 16 January 2010, until the end of the 2009–10 season.
He was released by the club, along with 10 other players at the end of the 2009–10 season.
In the Summer of 2013 he rejoined Tiverton Town. He then joined Bideford A.F.C. in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="5937204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937204" title="This Is Who We Are (Run Kid Run album)">
This Is Who We Are (Run Kid Run album)

This Is Who We Are is the debut album from Christian pop punk band Run Kid Run. It was released by Tooth & Nail Records on May 18, 2006. "We've Only Just Begun" was the first single from the album. The album was produced by James Paul Wisner (Dashboard Confessional, Further Seems Forever, New Found Glory).
""This Is Who We Are" is about finding your true sense of self, and then holding on to that with all you have," says guitarist Neil Endicott, "We want people to have something they can listen to that makes them feel better about whatever is going on in their life."

</doc>
<doc id="5937217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937217" title="Sitosterolemia">
Sitosterolemia

Sitosterolemia (also known as "Phytosterolemia") is a rare autosomal recessively inherited lipid metabolic disorder. It is characterized by hyperabsorption and decreased biliary excretion of dietary sterols leading to hypercholesterolemia, tendon and tuberous xanthomas, premature development of atherosclerosis, and abnormal hematologic and liver function test results.
Epidemiology.
Only 45 cases have been reported in the literature worldwide, hence this condition appears to be relatively rare. More than likely, sitosterolemia is significantly underdiagnosed and many patients are probably misdiagnosed with hyperlipidemia.
Signs and symptoms.
Sitosterolemia may share several clinical characteristics with the well-characterized familial hypercholesterolemia (FH), such as the development of tendon xanthomas in the first 10 years of life and the development of premature atherosclerosis . However, in contrast to FH patients, sitosterolemia patients usually have normal to moderately elevated total sterol levels and very high levels of plant sterols (sitosterol, campesterol, stigmasterol, avenosterol) and 5α-saturated stanols in their plasma. Plasma sitosterol levels in sitosterolemia patients are 10–25 times higher than in normal individuals (8–60 mg/dl). Not all patients with sitosterolemia have tendon xanthomas, thus absence of this should not be used to exclude this diagnosis. 
Xanthomas may appear at any age, even in childhood. These may be present as subcutaneous xanthomas on the buttocks in children or in usual locations (e.g., Achilles tendon, extensor tendons of the hand) in children and adults.Xanthelasma and corneal arcus are less common.Decreased range of motion with possible redness, swelling, and warmth of joints due to arthritis may be present.In addition, sitosterolemia patients may develop hemolytic episodes and splenomegaly. 
Untreated, the condition causes a significant increase in morbidity and mortality. Coronary heart disease and its inherent health consequences are the primary causes of illness and premature death in untreated patients
Pathogenesis.
Mammalian cells cannot use plant sterols. Normally, plant sterols are poorly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract; fewer than 5% of plant sterols are absorbed compared to approximately 40% of cholesterol absorbed. The liver preferentially excretes plant sterols over cholesterol. Dietary sterols have recently been shown to passively enter intestinal cells, and subsequently the vast majority are pumped back into the gut lumen by ATP-binding cassette transporter (ABC transporter) proteins.
Sitosterolemia is inherited as a rare autosomal recessive condition.It has been shown to result from mutations in either of two adjacent and oppositely oriented genes (ABCG5 and ABCG8) located in chromosome 2 in band 2p21 and encode for ABC transporter proteins named sterolin-1 and sterolin-2, respectively. Thus, the active pumping back into the intestine of passively absorbed plant sterols is disrupted, and hepatic secretion of the resultant accumulation of these sterols is decreased. 
The ability of the liver to preferentially excrete plant sterols into the bile is apparently impaired. While bile acid synthesis remains the same as in healthy people, the total excretion of sterols in the bile is reportedly less than 50% in subjects with sitosterolemia compared to control subjects. The mechanism for decreased hepatic secretion is unknown. 
Patients have markedly reduced whole-body cholesterol biosynthesis associated with suppressed hepatic, ileal, and mononuclear leukocyte hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase (HMG-CoA reductase), the rate-controlling enzyme in the cholesterol biosynthetic pathway. Whether or not the down-regulation is due to accumulated sitosterol is still debatable, but most recent data indicate that secondary effects of unknown regulators other than sitosterol can lead to reduced HMG-CoA reductase activity in the disease. This is coupled with significantly increased low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor expression.
Treatment.
The disorder is treated by strictly reducing the intake of foods rich in plant sterols (e.g., vegetable oils, olives and avocados). However, dietary therapy is never sufficient to control this disease since plant sterols are constituents of all plant-based foods. Statins have been used, and while these lower cholesterol levels and may ameliorate atherosclerotic disease, plant sterol levels are insufficiently lowered by their use alone.
If dietary treatment alone is insufficient, bile acid-binding resins (e.g., cholestyramine, colestipol) could be considered. In October 2002, a new cholesterol absorption inhibitor, ezetimibe, received US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for use in sitosterolemia. This drug is now the standard of care, as it blocks sterol entry and can be used in combination with bile-acid resins. 
Finally, ileal bypass has been performed in select cases to decrease the levels of plant sterols in the body, though this therapy was undertaken prior to the advent of ezetimibe.
See also.
Efficacy of treatment should be monitored by regular determinations of plant sterol measurements.

</doc>
<doc id="5937220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937220" title="Lübz">
Lübz

Lübz is a town in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the river Elde, 12 km northeast of Parchim.

</doc>
<doc id="5937222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937222" title="Jeannine Rainbolt College of Education">
Jeannine Rainbolt College of Education

The Jeannine Rainbolt College of Education is the education unit of the University of Oklahoma in Norman. As of fall 2005, the school had an enrollment of 908 undergraduates and 689 graduates.
The College of Education began in 1930 under then president William Bennett Bizzell. It was headed by its first dean, Dr. Ellsworth Collings. To this day, the College of Education main offices reside in Collings Hall. Dr. Joan Smith is the current dean.
In October 2008 it was announced that the College of Education had received a $8 million gift from H.E. (Gene) Rainbolt in honor of his late wife, Jeannine Rainbolt. Because of that contribution, the OU Board of Regents unanimously voted to rename the college in Rainbolt's honor. It is the only college at OU to be named for a female.
Part of Rainbolt's gift, with other gifts and university funding, was used to pay for a $9.5 million renovation to Collings Hall. Construction, which concluded in summer of 2010, reconstructed the building's facade and add an additional 15,000 feet of classroom space. It was the building's first major building project since 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="5937231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937231" title="AL 129-1">
AL 129-1

AL 129-1 is a fossilized knee joint of the species "Australopithecus afarensis". It was discovered in Hadar, Ethiopia by Donald Johanson in November 1973.</ref>
It is estimated to be 3.4 million years old. Its characteristics include an elliptical Lateral condyle and an oblique femoral shaft like that found in humans, indicating bipedalism.
Discovery.
French geologist Maurice Taieb discovered the Hadar Formation in 1972. He then formed the IARE, inviting notably Johanson, an American anthropologist now head of the Institute of Human Origins of Arizona State University, and Yves Coppens, a French born paleontologist now based at the Collège de France to co-direct the research. An expedition was formed with four American and seven French participants, and in the Fall of 1973 the team surveyed Hadar, Ethiopia for fossils and artifacts related to the origin of humans.
They found numerous fossils, but at first no hominids. Then, in November 1973, near the end of the first field season, Johanson kicked at what he thought was a hippopotamus rib. He found that it was actually a fossil of a proximal tibia, the upper end of a shinbone. From its small size, he thought it was a monkey, and decided to collect it. While he was writing it up, he noticed a few yards away a distal femur, the lower end of a thighbone. This was split, so that it had only one of the condyles, or lumps making the knee joint.
The other condyle lay next to it, and when he fitted them together and to the proximal tibia, the angle that the femur and tibia formed at the knee joint clearly showed that this was an upright walking hominid. This angular joint was in contrast to a monkey, which has the femur and tibia forming a straight line. Tom Gray walked up, and when shown the tibia on its own, thought it was a monkey, but when shown the angle formed with the tibia, agreed that this was from a hominid.
This was an immensely important find, as it would be the first showing upright walking hominids from 3 million years ago. On the day after finding the fossil Johanson was beginning to doubt his certainty, and there was an urgent need for confirmation as their agreement with the Ethiopian government required his team to describe the finds at a press conference before it left. He did not want to botch his first important fossil interpretation, but he would not be allowed to take the fossil away for study unless he gave a description. That second evening he remembered a nearby ruin of an Afar burial mound. Comparison of the fossil finds with modern bones exposed by the collapsed side of the mound showed that, except for size, the bones were indeed virtually identical.
The team returned for the second field season in the following year and found hominid jaws. Then, on the morning of November 30, 1974, Johanson and Gray were searching in a gully about two and a half kilometres from the site where the knee joint had been discovered, when Gray found the first fossil fragment of Lucy (Australopithecus).

</doc>
<doc id="5937233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937233" title="Dave Feitl">
Dave Feitl

Dave Scott Feitl (born ) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Houston Rockets in the 2nd round (43rd overall) of the 1986 NBA Draft. A 6'11" center from the University of Texas at El Paso, Feitl played in 5 NBA seasons for 4 teams. He played for the Rockets, Golden State Warriors, Washington Bullets and New Jersey Nets. 
In his NBA career, Feitl played in 275 games and scored a total of 1,192 points. His best year as a professional came during the 1987-88 season as a member of the Warriors, appearing in 70 games and averaging 6.5 ppg.

</doc>
<doc id="5937241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937241" title="Green Label">
Green Label

Green Label was an early US drum and bass record label based out of San Francisco. It debuted with DJ Abstract’s "Invisible Lines" in 1996, and went on to include releases by Jason Mouse, Calibre, UFO!, Sage, Juju, Echo and others.

</doc>
<doc id="5937272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937272" title="Walter M. Bortz III">
Walter M. Bortz III

Walter Michael Bortz III was an educator and higher education administrator. He served as the president of Hampden-Sydney College, located in Hampden Sydney, Virginia, from July 2000 until June 30, 2009.
Biography.
Education and degrees.
Bortz received his bachelor's degree in biology at Bethany College in Bethany, West Virginia. He earned his doctorate in policy studies at George Washington University in Washington, D.C.
Career.
Bortz held administrative positions at Bethany College, Texas Christian University, and East Carolina University. In 1985, he became the Vice President for Institutional Advancement at the University of Hartford in West Hartford, Connecticut. He was also Acting Vice President for Student Services and Executive Director of Admissions and Student Financial Assistance at Hartford. In 1989, he became the Vice President for Administrative and Information Services at George Washington University. In July 2000, Bortz was named President of Hampden-Sydney College. At Hampden-Sydney he spearheaded a significant building program that included the new Everett Stadium and the Bortz Library, which was named in his honor. He retired as President on June 30, 2009. 
After his retirement, Dr. Bortz and his wife moved to South Carolina. They have two adult children.
Honors and legacy.
Bethany College awarded him an honorary Doctor of Laws degree.
On May 10, 2009 at the college's commencement ceremony, Tom Allen, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Hampden-Sydney College, announced that the college library would be named the Walter M. Bortz III Library in honor of Dr. Bortz.

</doc>
<doc id="5937281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937281" title="Pune Airport">
Pune Airport

Pune Airport is located approximately north-east of Pune in the state of Maharashtra, India. The airport is a civil enclave operated by the Airports Authority of India at the eastern side of Lohegaon Air Base of the Indian Air Force. The airport handles both domestic and international flights.
Overview.
Pune Airport has a 2535 metre long runway oriented 10/28. A former secondary runway is now used as a taxiway by the Indian Air Force (IAF). A 2200m x 23m parallel taxiway has been constructed by AAI to facilitate civil operation on the southern side of Rwy 10/28. The Airfield is equipped with night landing facilities as well as navigational facilities like DVOR/DME and an NDB.
History.
The airfield was established in 1939 as RAF Poona to provide air security to the city of Bombay (now Mumbai). The base was home to World War II squadrons of de Havilland Mosquito and Vickers Wellington bombers and Supermarine Spitfire fighter aircraft. In May 1947, the Royal Indian Air Force took charge of the airfield. The Pune Airport was declared as a customs airport in January 1997 for the export of specified goods. With effect from 12 December 2005, Pune Airport was notified as an international airport for the clearance of passengers and baggage. International flights to Dubai and Singapore commenced by Indian in 2005. These flights however were cancelled later. In 2004–05, Pune Airport handled about 165 passengers a day, which works out to around 60,000 a year. It increased to 250 passengers a day in 2005–06. There was a sharp rise in 2006–07 when passengers reached 4,309 a day making it over 1,500,000 a year and more than 2.8 million passengers a year in 2010– 2011 (about 8,000 passengers a day).
A 1 billion airport modernisation plan was launched in August 2008 ahead of the Commonwealth Youth Games hosted by Pune. AAI constructed two new terminal buildings for international passenger departures and arrivals, measuring nearly 12,000 sq. mt. on either side of the 6,500 sq mt old main terminal building which was inadequate for the increase in passengers and flight operations. The new buildings have helped ease peak-time pressure of air passengers. Facilities developed on the air side include a new parallel taxi track and an apron expanded to accommodate eight Airbus A-320 or Boeing 737 aircraft. Two aerobridges were also commissioned in 2011. New conveyor belts and passenger facilities including a modern spa were also commissioned.
Ground transportation.
Pre-paid taxicab and auto rickshaw services to and from airport are available. Coach services to various key locations in Pune and private car rental services are also available. PMPML buses operating to Viman Nagar terminate at the airport. Parking charges at the airport are 67 per hour and 330 per day.
Air Force Station, Lohegaon.
Lohegaon Air Force Station at Pune is one of the oldest establishments in the Indian Air Force. An IAF Base Repair Depot and three SU-30 MKI squadrons – Lightning, Rhinos and Lions – are based at Lohegaon.
Future Upgrades.
The AAI will invest nearly 200 million in 2012 for various expansion projects at the airport, include a three-storey administrative complex located near the entrance of the airport terminal building, new hangars for small private aircraft and a canopy on the city side of the airport terminal building.
All the offices of the AAI and the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) will move to the new administrative block, creating more space in the terminal building. The building will also house a VIP lounge with independent access to the airport terminal building.The airport power sub-station near the entrance gate will also be shifted to the new building this freeing up more space for developing passenger amenities.
The runway is also under renovation and will be extended to 3,250 metres from the current length of 2,600 metres. After completion of the ongoing renovation work the airport will be able to handle larger aircraft than currently possible. The Lufthansa flight to Frankfurt is compelled to take a refuelling stop due to payload constraints at Pune, arising out of the short runway. It takes off from Pune Airport with partially filled fuel tanks and refuels again on the way.
An Instrument landing system (ILS) has also been proposed which would be operational shortly to ensure smooth takeoffs and landings even in deteriorated weather conditions.
The proposed Pune Metro Rail project will connect this airport to Vanaz via Deccan Gymkhana. This route is expected to start by 2015. There is also a proposed Pune BRTS corridor to this airport.
Proposed Cargo Terminal.
There is a proposal of starting cargo facility from this airport. International cargo facility is vital for Pune as many airlines want to start cargo flights to/from Pune. This project will enable foreign cargo operators to operate to Pune. Pune was declared as customs airport on 17 January 1997, primary for exporting perishable agricultural products, i.e. flowers, fruits, vegetable and processed food. This project will also help to attract of foreign airlines to operate to Pune. For instance, a low cost airline Silk Air a subsidiary of the Singapore Airlines wants to operate non-stop from Singapore to Pune. This 600 square metre terminal will be located adjacent to the new arrival terminal.
Proposal for new Pune International Airport.
Due to the limited expansion options available, the airport will not be able to cope with the growing demand for air traffic into Pune. Hence, a greenfield airport for the Pune metropolitan region has been proposed. The Government of Maharashtra has entrusted the responsibility to Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) for executing the Pune International Airport project. Probable sites for this project had earlier included areas around Talegaon Dabhade and Saswad near Pune. An area between Chakan and Rajgurunagar, around the villages of Chandus and Shiroli was under consideration. However, due to land acquisition issues, a new site further west of this site, around the villages of Askhed Budrukh, Koye, Kurunde and Piet was decided upon.
This airport will cover 1,800 hectares and will have two runways. MADC requested proposals from consultants to conduct techno-economic feasibility studies, assist in obtaining the required statutory approvals and provide project management services. Work on this airport was expected to have started by 2011. The State Government allocated Rs 2 billion in August 2012 to acquire 1,800 hectares of land for the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="5937289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937289" title="SMS Gneisenau (1879)">
SMS Gneisenau (1879)

SMS "Gneisenau" was a built for the German Imperial Navy ("Kaiserliche Marine") in the late 1870s. The ship was named after the Prussian Field Marshal August von Gneisenau.
"Gneisenau" served in the training of officer candidates, for which the ship undertook numerous voyages abroad. An incident of desertion by a crew member is alleged to have occurred in 1885 at Sydney. On 16 December 1900 the ship sank in a storm near the harbor of Málaga, Spain, after grounding at the harbor mole because a failure of the propulsion machinery. Forty crew members perished, including the captain and first officer.

</doc>
<doc id="5937299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937299" title="Pendulum (mathematics)">
Pendulum (mathematics)

The mathematics of pendulums are in general quite complicated. Simplifying assumptions can be made, which in the case of a simple pendulum allows the equations of motion to be solved analytically for small-angle oscillations.
Simple gravity pendulum.
A so-called "simple pendulum" is an idealization of a "real pendulum" but in an isolated system using the following assumptions:
The differential equation which represents the motion of a simple pendulum is
where formula_1 is acceleration due to gravity, formula_2 is the length of the pendulum, and formula_3 is the angular displacement.
which is known as Christiaan Huygens's law for the period. Note that under the small-angle approximation, the period is independent of the amplitude "θ"0; this is the property of isochronism that Galileo discovered.
Rule of thumb for pendulum length.
If SI units are used (i.e. measure in metres and seconds), and assuming the measurement is taking place on the Earth's surface, then formula_6 m/s2, and formula_7 (0.994 is the approximation to 3 decimal places).
Therefore a relatively reasonable approximation for the length and period are,
Arbitrary-amplitude period.
For amplitudes beyond the small angle approximation, one can compute the exact period by first inverting the equation for the angular velocity obtained from the energy method (),
and then integrating over one complete cycle,
or twice the half-cycle
or 4 times the quarter-cycle
which leads to
Note that this integral diverges as formula_15 approaches the vertical
so that a pendulum with just the right energy to go vertical will never actually get there. (Conversely, a pendulum close to its maximum can take an arbitrarily long time to fall down.)
This integral can be re-written in terms of elliptic integrals as
where formula_18 is the incomplete elliptic integral of the first kind defined by
Or more concisely by the substitution formula_20 expressing formula_3 in terms of formula_22,
where formula_23 is the complete elliptic integral of the first kind defined by
For comparison of the approximation to the full solution, consider the period of a pendulum of length 1 m on Earth ("g" = 9.80665 m/s2) at initial angle 10 degrees is formula_25. The linear approximation gives formula_26. The difference between the two values, less than 0.2%, is much less than that caused by the variation of g with geographical location.
From here there are many ways to proceed to calculate the elliptic integral:
Legendre polynomial solution for the elliptic integral.
Given and the Legendre polynomial solution for the elliptic integral:
where denotes the double factorial, an exact solution to the period of a pendulum is:
Figure 4 shows the relative errors using the power series. "T"0 is the linear approximation, and "T"2 to "T"10 include respectively the terms up to the 2nd to the 10th powers.
Power series solution for the elliptic integral.
Another formulation of the above solution can be found if the following Maclaurin series:
is used in the Legendre polynomial solution above.
The resulting power series is:
Arithmetic-geometric mean solution for elliptic integral.
Given and the Arithmetic-geometric mean solution of the elliptic integral:
where formula_32 is the arithmetic-geometric mean of formula_33 and formula_34.
This yields an alternative and faster-converging formula for the period:
Examples.
The animations below depict several different modes of oscillation given different initial conditions. The small graph above the pendulums are their phase portraits.
Compound pendulum.
A compound pendulum (or physical pendulum) is one where the rod is not massless, and may have extended size; that is, an arbitrarily shaped rigid body swinging by a pivot. In this case the pendulum's period depends on its moment of inertia "I" around the pivot point.
The equation of torque gives:
where:
The torque is generated by gravity so:
where:
Hence, under the small-angle approximation formula_40,
This is of the same form as the conventional simple pendulum and this gives a period of:
And a frequency of:
Physical interpretation of the imaginary period.
The Jacobian elliptic function that expresses the position of a pendulum as a function of time is a doubly periodic function with a real period and an imaginary period. The real period is of course the time it takes the pendulum to go through one full cycle. Paul Appell pointed out a physical interpretation of the imaginary period: if "θ"0 is the maximum angle of one pendulum and 180° − "θ"0 is the maximum angle of another, then the real period of each is the magnitude of the imaginary period of the other. This interpretation, involving dual forces in opposite directions, might be further clarified and generalized to other classical problems in mechanics with dual solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="5937309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937309" title="Amy Arbus">
Amy Arbus

Amy Arbus (born 1954) is a New York City-based photographer and is the daughter of actor Allan Arbus and photographer Diane Arbus and the sister of writer and journalist Doon Arbus.
Arbus teaches portraiture at the International Center of Photography, Anderson Ranch and the Fine Arts Work Center.
During the 1980s, she had a monthly page in the Village Voice's style section. Her work has also appeared in "The New Yorker", "Vanity Fair", "Rolling Stone", "Architectural Digest", and "The New York Times Magazine".
Arbus has published several books of photography: "No Place Like Home" (1986), "The Inconvenience of Being Born" (1999), and "On the Street 1980–1990" (2006). Arbus's most recent book, "The Fourth Wall" was published in April 2008. The "New Yorker" calls it her "masterpiece"
Her photographs are a part of the collection of the New York Public Library and the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
In a talk at UCLA's Hammer Museum, Arbus described her reluctance to become a photographer and her years studying at the Berklee College of Music and hanging out with The Cars (then still unknown), before studying at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. In an interview published in "The Guardian", she explains her initial reluctance to take up photography, saying, "I was holding myself back, afraid to compete with this legend...But I remember the minute the viewfinder came up to my eye, I was like, "Oh my God, I'm home.""

</doc>
<doc id="5937311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937311" title="Betty Snowball">
Betty Snowball

Elizabeth "Betty" Alexandra Snowball (9 July 1908 in Burnley, Lancashire – 13 December 1988 in Colwall) is best known as an English sportswoman. She played international cricket in the England women's cricket team, and also played international squash and lacrosse. She scored 189 runs against New Zealand in the fourth women's Test match in 1935, setting a world record for the highest individual innings in women's Test cricket which was not surpassed for over 50 years, until Sandhya Agarwal scored 190 in 1986. It remains the highest Test score by an Englishwoman.
She was born in Burnley, Lancashire, and became an opening batsman and wicketkeeper. She played in 10 Test matches from 1934 to 1949, including the first women's Test against Australia in Brisbane in 1934. She toured to Australia twice. She scored 613 runs at a batting average of 40.86. Behind the stumps, she took 13 catches and 8 stumpings.
After her cricketing career, she retired to Colwall in Herefordshire to teach cricket and mathematics at The Elms School, where Michael Singleton was headmaster. She died in Colwall.

</doc>
<doc id="5937364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937364" title="Wyville Thomson Ridge">
Wyville Thomson Ridge

The Wyville Thomson Ridge is a bathymetric feature of the North Atlantic ocean floor ca. 200 km in length, located between the Faroe Islands and Scotland. The ridge separates the Faroe–Shetland Channel to the north from the Rockall Trough to the south. Its significance lies in the fact that it forms part of the barrier between the colder bottom waters of the Arctic and the warmer waters of the North Atlantic.
The Wyville Thomson Ridge is named after Charles Wyville Thomson who pioneered the first exploration of the area.
Geology.
The Wyville Thomson Ridge, and the smaller but similar Ymir Ridge, form the northern boundary to the Rockall Basin, a mainly Mesozoic rift structure. The current form of the ridge is an anticline with up to 2 km of amplitude, formed by a period of shortening during the Eocene to Miocene period. This fold is interpreted to have formed by the reactivation of a pre-existing fault, and is, therefore, classified as an inversion structure.

</doc>
<doc id="5937367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937367" title="Lacuna model">
Lacuna model

The lacuna model is a tool for unlocking culture differences or missing "gaps" in text (in the further meaning). The lacuna model was established as a theory by Jurij Sorokin and Irina Markovina (Russia), further developed by Astrid Ertelt-Vieth and Hartmut Schröder (Germany) and practical research tested in ethnopsycholinguistics (Igor Panasiuk 2000 and 2005), Russian studies (Vladimir Zhelvis 2002; Astrid Ertelt-Vieth 1987; 2005), American studies (Iosif Sternin and Marina Sternina 2001), Arabic studies (Sherine Elsayed 2005), Germanics studies (Elena Denisova-Schmidt 2005), Finnish studies (Pirkko Muikku-Werner 2005), literature studies (Irina Markovina 2005), foreign language acquisition (Natalia Turunen 2005), film studies (Hannah Sard 2005), journalism (B. Dellinger 1995; Myles Ludwig and Erika Grodzki 2005), translation studies (Susanne Becker 2005), cultural studies (Gwenn Gundula Hiller 2005), advertising research (Erika Grodzki 2003), and human resource management (Mariola Kaplanek 2005). 
There are a few classifications of lacunas in existence. Astrid Ertelt-Vieth (2005) labels the first dimension (three major categories as: mental lacunas, activity lacunas and object lacunas) and the second dimension (axiological lacunas) of all lacunas.
All lacunas could be confrontative, contrastive, implicit, explicit, relative, profound, absolute, relational and structural.

</doc>
<doc id="5937384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937384" title="Kenneth Lay">
Kenneth Lay

Kenneth Lee "Ken" Lay (April 15, 1942 – July 5, 2006) was an American businessman. He played a leading role in the corruption scandal that led to the downfall of Enron Corporation. Lay and Enron became synonymous with corporate abuse and accounting fraud when the scandal broke in 2001. Lay was the CEO and chairman of Enron from 1985 until his resignation on January 23, 2002, except for a few months in 2000 when he was chairman and Jeffrey Skilling was chief executive officer (CEO). 
On July 7, 2004, Lay was indicted by a grand jury on 11 counts of securities fraud and related charges. On January 31, 2006, following four and a half years of preparation by government prosecutors, Lay's and Skilling's trial began in Houston. Lay was found guilty on May 25, 2006, of 10 counts against him; the judge dismissed the 11th. Because each count carried a maximum 5- to 10-year sentence, legal experts said Lay could have faced 20 to 30 years in prison. However, he died while vacationing in Snowmass, Colorado, on July 5, 2006, about three and a half months before his scheduled October 23 sentencing. Preliminary autopsy reports state that he died of a heart attack caused by coronary artery disease. As a result of his death, on October 17, 2006, the federal district court judge who presided over the case vacated Lay's conviction. There have been conspiracy theories surrounding his death.
Early life.
Lay was born in Tyrone, Texas County, Missouri, the son of Ruth (née Rees) and Omer Lay. His father was a Baptist preacher and some-time tractor salesman. When Lay was a child, he delivered newspapers and mowed lawns. Early on, he moved to Columbia, Missouri and attended David H. Hickman High School and the University of Missouri where he studied economics, receiving a B.A. in 1964 and an M.A. in 1965. He served as president of the Zeta Phi chapter of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity at the University of Missouri. He went on to earn his Ph.D. in economics from the University of Houston in 1970 and soon after went to work at Exxon Company, USA, the successor to Standard Oil of New Jersey, and a predecessor of ExxonMobil.
Career.
Lay worked in the early 1970s as a federal energy regulator. He then became undersecretary for the Department of the Interior before he returned to the business world as an executive at Florida Gas Transmission. By the time energy was deregulated in the 1980s, Lay was already an energy company executive and he took advantage of the new climate when Omaha-based Internorth bought his company Houston Natural Gas and changed the name to Enron in 1985. The much larger, better capitalized and more diversified Internorth was then used as an asset to propel his efforts at Enron. He also was a member of the board of directors of Eli Lilly and Company and was also a director of Texas Commerce Bank which later was taken over by JPMorgan Chase.
Lay was one of America's highest-paid CEOs, earning a $42.4 million compensation package in 1999. Lay dumped large amounts of his Enron stock in September and October 2001 as its price fell, while encouraging employees to buy more stock, telling them the company would rebound. Lay liquidated more than $300 million in Enron stock from 1998 to 2001, mostly in stock options. As the scandal unfolded, Lay insisted he wanted to "tell his story," but later reneged on a promise to testify to Congress, taking the Fifth instead. Condé Nast Portfolio ranked Lay as the 3rd worst American CEO of all time.
Lay had been married to his second wife and former secretary, Linda, for 22 years and had two children, three stepchildren, and twelve grandchildren.
Politics.
Ken Lay was a close friend of the Bush family. He first established a relationship with Vice President George H. W. Bush, making large campaign contributions to him and heading several critical committees in the Republican Party. Lay was co-chairman of Bush's 1992 re-election committee. At the request of George H. W. Bush, Mr. Lay helped to orchestrate the World Economic Summit in Houston. Lay was a prolific Republican Party contributor nicknamed "Kenny Boy" by President George W. Bush, he was also Houston's most influential power broker for a decade. Mr. Lay remained close friends with Mr. Bush, eventually establishing a close relationship with his son, then Texas Governor George W. Bush.
When Governor George W. Bush ran for president, Lay served as host at big fund-raisers and contributed plenty of his own money to the effort. After Bush won, the new President and his wife flew to Washington with Mr. Lay on an Enron corporate plane. In December 2000, Lay was mentioned as a possible candidate for President Bush's Treasury Secretary along with head Douglas A. Warner III of J.P. Morgan & Co., but Paul O'Neill was eventually selected.
Indictment and trial.
On July 7, 2004, Lay was indicted by a grand jury in Houston, Texas, for his role in Enron's collapse. Lay was charged, in a 65-page indictment, with 11 counts of securities fraud, wire fraud, and making false and misleading statements. The trial commenced on January 30, 2006, in Houston, despite repeated protests from defense attorneys calling for a change of venue on the grounds that "it was impossible to get a fair trial in Houston" — the epicenter of Enron's collapse. Enron's bankruptcy, the biggest in U.S. history when it was filed in December 2001. It cost 20,000 employees their jobs and many of them their life savings. Investors lost billions of dollars. Before Lay was put on trial he was estimated to have a gross wealth of approximately 40 million US dollars. It is believed that most of it was spent on his legal defense. 
During his trial, Lay claimed that in 2001 Enron stock made up about 90 percent of his wealth, and that his current net worth (in 2006) was in the negative by $250,000. He insisted that Enron's collapse was due to a conspiracy waged by short sellers, rogue executives, and the news media. It was reported that Lay's congenial reputation took a blow as he appeared confrontational and irritable at several points during his testimony. On May 25, 2006, Lay was found guilty on all six counts of conspiracy and fraud by the jury. In a separate bench trial, Judge Lake ruled Lay was also guilty of four counts of fraud and making false statements. Sentencing was scheduled to take place on 11 September 2006, but was later rescheduled for 23 October 2006.
A number of books have been written on Mr. Lay and Enron including "Conspiracy of Fools" (2005), "Icarus in the Boardroom", "The Tao of Enron: Spiritual Lessons from a Fortune 500 Fallout" (2002), "Enron: Anatomy of Greed" (2001), "The Smartest Guys in the Room" (2003), "24 Days", "Business Fairy Tales" and "Power Failure". "The Smartest Guys in the Room" was adapted into a documentary film titled "", released in 2005.
Death.
Lay died on July 5, 2006, while vacationing in Colorado. The Pitkin Sheriff's Department confirmed that officers were called to Lay's house in Old Snowmass, Colorado, near Aspen at 1:41 am MDT. Lay was taken to Aspen Valley Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 3:11 am MDT. The autopsy indicated that he died of a heart attack brought on by coronary artery disease, and found evidence that he had suffered a previous heart attack.
A private funeral with around 200 in attendance was held in Aspen four days after his death, his body cremated and the ashes buried in a secret location in the mountains. A memorial was held a week after his death at the First United Methodist Church in Houston, attended by nearly 1,200 guests including former President George H. W. Bush, who did not speak.
There have been numerous conspiracy theories concerning his death. Factors such as an error being on his death certificate, the fact Colin Powell attended the same hospital, and his close relationship with the Bush family, have all contributed to the idea that Kenneth Lay is still alive. 
Vacating of conviction.
On October 17, 2006, since Lay died prior to exhausting his appeals, his conviction was vacated. Precedent in the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, the federal appellate court governing the district where Lay was indicted, indicates that vacation of the conviction had to be automatically granted. When vacation occurs, the law views it as though he had never been indicted, tried and convicted. The government opposed Lay's attorneys' motion, and the Department of Justice issued a statement that it "remains committed to pursuing all available legal remedies and to reclaim for victims the proceeds of crimes committed by Ken Lay." Civil suits are expected to continue against Lay's estate. According to legal expert Joel Androphy, claimants may not recover punitive damages against a deceased defendant, although claimants may recover compensatory damages.
Works.
Articles by Ken Lay:

</doc>
<doc id="5937388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937388" title="Crude oil engine">
Crude oil engine

The crude oil engine is a type of internal combustion engine similar to the hot bulb engine. A crude oil engine could be driven by all sorts of oils such as engine waste oil and vegetable oils. Even peanut oil and butter could be used as fuel if necessary. Like hot bulb engines, crude oil engines were mostly used as stationary engines or in boats. They can run for a very long time; for instance, at the world fair in Milan in 1906, a FRAM engine was started and ran until the exhibition was over one month later. A crude oil engine is a low RPM engine dimensioned for constant running and can last for a very long time if maintained properly.
It was later replaced by the diesel engine.

</doc>
<doc id="5937399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937399" title="GEDS (Government Electronic Directory Services)">
GEDS (Government Electronic Directory Services)

The Government Electronic Directory Services (GEDS) provide a directory of the Public Service of Canada for all regions across Canada. It is managed by Public Works and Government Services Canada.
The Canadian government's Information Technology Services Branch developed GEDS to integrate two directory services that it manages (the Government of Canada telephone directories and the Email Address Exchange Service (EMAX)). 
Individual federal departments are responsible for maintaining information in GEDS (e.g. staff changes). However, there is often a considerable lag-time in updating information due to the significant number of employee changes in the federal public service.
Users can search for federal employees by surname, given name, telephone number, title, role, or organization. It is also a useful system to learn the hierarchical structure of organizations within the Canadian public service.

</doc>
<doc id="5937404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937404" title="Ludwigsstadt">
Ludwigsstadt

Ludwigsstadt is a town in the district of Kronach, in the Upper Franconian region of Bavaria, Germany. 
Geography.
It is situated in the valley of the Loquitz River, a tributary of the Saale, in the Thuringian-Franconian Highlands of the Thuringian Slate Mountains and the Franconian Forest mountain ranges. Located north of Kronach, the Bavarian border with the state of Thuringia runs about north of the town centre, with Thuringian Saalfeld in a distance of c. down the Loquitz. Ludwigsstadt is the only municipality of the State of Bavaria located north of the Rennsteig ridge.
History.
The settlement in the Landgraviate of Thuringia was first mentioned in a 1269 deed as "Ludwichsdorf", probably named after a local "Vogt" official of the Counts of Weimar-Orlamünde. In 1427 the area around historic Lauenstein Castle was acquired by the Hohenzollern Elector Frederick I of Brandenburg, who added it as a northern exclave to his Franconian Principality of Kulmbach. Ludwigsstadt received town privileges in 1490, which it again lost in 1525, as the citizens joined a rebellion against the landlords during the German Peasants' War.
In 1622 Margrave Christian of Brandenburg-Bayreuth, colonel of the Imperial Franconian Circle, finally purchased Ludwigsstadt. When his descendant Margrave Charles Alexander resigned in 1791, he sold his possessions to his Hohenzollern relatives in the Kingdom of Prussia. In the course of the German Mediatisation in 1803, Ludwigsstadt fell to the Electorate of Bavaria.
Transportation.
In 1885 Ludwigsstadt achieved access to the Franconian Forest Railway line, connecting the Bavarian Ludwig South-North Railway near Lichtenfels with the Thuringian Saal Railway at Saalfeld. It soon evolved to one of the most important north-south railway connections in Germany, linking the Prussian capital Berlin with Nuremberg and Munich.
Between 1945 and 1990 Ludwigsstadt station served as West German checkpoint for crossing the inner German border by rail with its counterpart at Probstzella station. The border crossing was open for trains travelling from West to East Germany or West Berlin. The traffic was subject to the interzonal traffic regulations, that regarding trains between West Germany and West Berlin followed the special regulations of the Transit Agreement (1972).
After German Reunification, the railway was restored and since 2000 is part of the Inter-City Express (ICE) network with hourly trains linking Berlin and Munich. As the winding line however does not allow fast travelling, it is to be replaced by the Nuremberg–Erfurt high-speed railway.

</doc>
<doc id="5937419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937419" title="Holmes and Rahe stress scale">
Holmes and Rahe stress scale

The Holmes and Rahe stress scale is a list of 43 stressful life events that can contribute to illness.
Development.
In 1967, psychiatrists Thomas Holmes and Richard Rahe examined the medical records of over 5,000 medical patients as a way to determine whether stressful events might cause illnesses. Patients were asked to tally a list of 43 life events based on a relative score. A positive correlation of 0.118 was found between their life events and their illnesses.
Their results were published as the Social Readjustment Rating Scale (SRRS), known more commonly as the Holmes and Rahe Stress Scale. Subsequent validation has supported the links between stress and illness.
Supporting research.
Rahe carried out a study in 1970 testing the reliability of the stress scale as a predictor of illness. The scale was given to 2,500 US sailors and they were asked to rate scores of 'life events' over the previous six months. Over the next six months, detailed records were kept of the sailors' health. There was a +0.118 correlation between stress scale scores and illness, which was sufficient to support the hypothesis of a link between life events and illness.
In conjunction with the Cornell medical index assessing, the stress scale correlated with visits to medical dispensaries, and the H&R stress scale's scores also correlated independently with individuals dropping out of stressful underwater demolitions training due to medical problems. The scale was also assessed against different populations within the United States (with African, Hispanic and White American groups). The scale was also tested cross-culturally, comparing Japanese and Malaysian groups with American populations.
Adults.
To measure stress according to the Holmes and Rahe Stress Scale, the number of "Life Change Units" that apply to events in the past year of an individual's life are added and the final score will give a rough estimate of how stress affects health.
Score of 300+: At risk of illness.
Score of 150-299: Risk of illness is moderate (reduced by 30% from the above risk).
Score <150: Only have a slight risk of illness.
Non-adults.
A modified scale has also been developed for non-adults. Similar to the adult scale, stress points for life events in the past year are added and compared to the rough estimate of how stress affects health.
Score of 300+: At risk of illness.
Score of 150-299: Risk of illness is moderate. (reduced by 30% from the above risk)
Score <150: Slight risk of illness.
See also.
Medical:

</doc>
<doc id="5937429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937429" title="Martha Gunn">
Martha Gunn

"To Brighton came he,<br>Came George III's son.<br>To be bathed in the sea,<br>By famed Martha Gunn."<br>(Old English rhyme, author unknown)
Martha Gunn (1726-1815) was possibly the most famous of the dippers, certainly the most famous in Brighton. She lived at 36 East Street, Brighton, in a house that still stands. She is buried in St Nicholas' churchyard in Brighton.
The Morning Herald described Martha Gunn as "The Venerable Priestess of the Bath"
Profession.
A dipper was the operator of a bathing machine used by women bathers. The dipper pushed the machine into and out of the water and helped the bather into and out of the water. A dipper had to be large and strong to carry out this work and Martha Gunn fulfilled both requirements.
Fame and notoriety.
Martha Gunn was well known in the town and also known across the country. Her image appeared in many popular engravings including one in which she appeared repelling the invading French with a mop. In another she is seen standing behind Mrs Fitzherbert and The Prince of Wales (the future George IV).
Martha Gunn was said to be a favourite of the Prince of Wales and had free access to the royal kitchens.
Legacy.
Several works of art show the image of Martha Gunn. The image on this page is titled "Martha Gunn and the Prince Of Wales". Whilst the exact date of the painting is unknown it is unlikely to actually show the Prince of Wales as he didn't visit Brighton until he was twenty one and Martha Gunn herself is not thought to have ever left Brighton. The original of this painting now hangs in the tea-room of the Royal Pavilion.
Her image is on several contemporary engravings and cartoons and a toby jug was made of her in 1840.
There is a pub in Upper Lewes Road, Brighton called the Martha Gunn and she has a bus named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="5937430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937430" title="Merl Lindsay">
Merl Lindsay

Merle Lindsay Salathiel (1916 – October 12, 1965), better known as Merl Lindsay, was one of the premier American Western swing musicians from the 1930s to the mid-1960s and founder of Merl Lindsay and His Oklahoma Night Riders.
Life and Career.
Merle Lindsay Salathiel was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. He began his music career in 1936 playing fiddle in his father (C.E. Salathiel)'s ballroom, Salathiel's Barn. In 1937 he formed his first band, the Barnyard Boys. In 1947, he created a larger band and added a female singer, calling the group Merl Lindsay and His Oklahoma Night Riders. During the 1940s, he owned a ballroom in Compton, California, and broadcast over a four-station radio hookup in Hollywood and Long Beach. He also performed with Jimmy Wakely in Western B-movies. 
In 1957, Lindsay joined ABC-TV's "Ozark Jubilee", taking over the ten-piece Ozark Jubilee Band. His group adopted the name when the TV program's title was changed to "Country Music Jubilee" the next year. During later years he toured the US and performed at his ballroom, Lindsayland, in Oklahoma City.
Many famous Western swing musicians performed with Lindsay's bands over the years. Two of his female singers were Wanda Jackson and Norma Jean. His brother, Doyle Salathiel (1920–1976), played with Lindsay's bands as well as others, and was a composer who wrote the words for the band's signature song, "Water Baby Blues". Lindsay's nephew, Max Salathiel (1935–2006), an accomplished Oklahoma City guitar player, also worked with his band in the 1950s.
Other band members included Robert "Buddy" Ray, Rudy Martin, Frederick "Freddie" Loveland, Louvenie Loveland, Ted Haff, Mike Hugo, Clarence Bailey, Homer Bean, Gerald "Buster" Magness, Gene Jones (steel guitar) and Sonny Rogers.
Lindsay died in Oklahoma City from cancer on October 12, 1965. He is buried in Sunnylane Cemetery in Del City, Oklahoma.
Compositions.
Lindsay wrote many songs that became hits for himself and other Western swing artists. Among them:

</doc>
<doc id="5937432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937432" title="Social learning (social pedagogy)">
Social learning (social pedagogy)

Social learning is learning that takes place at a wider scale than individual or group learning, up to a societal scale, through social interaction between peers. It may or may not lead to a change in attitudes and behaviour. More specifically, to be considered social learning, a process must: (1) demonstrate that a change in understanding has taken place in the individuals involved; (2) demonstrate that this change goes beyond the individual and becomes situated within wider social units or communities of practice; and (3) occur through social interactions and processes between actors within a social network (Reed et al., 2010).
A History of Social Learning.
The following text is from Reed et al. (2010), where references to other material cited here can be found:
Early work conceptualized social learning as individual learning that takes place in a social context and is hence influenced by social norms, e.g., by imitating role models (Bandura 1977). However, this conceptualization is not particularly useful, because most learning takes place in some social context. Recently, a different school of thought has arisen, as reflected in a number of articles in Ecology and Society (e.g., Pahl-Wostl 2006, Ison and Watson 2007, Mostert et al. 2007, Pahl-Wostl et al. 2007a,b, Steyaert and Ollivier 2007, Tàbara and Pahl-Wostl 2007, Pahl-Wostl et al. 2008) and elsewhere, including work by the authors of this article (e.g., Reed et al. 2006, Stringer et al. 2006, Prell et al. 2008; Newig et al. 2010).
This literature conceptualizes, often implicitly, social learning as a process of social change in which people learn from each other in ways that can benefit wider social-ecological systems. Originating from concepts of organizational learning (Argyris and Schön 1978, 1996, Senge 1990, Wenger, 1998), this second school of thought is informed by social theories of learning, which define learning as active social participation in the practices of a community (Lave and Wenger 1991, Wenger 1998), and emphasize the dynamic interaction between people and the environment in the construction of meaning and identity (Muro and Jeffrey 2008). However, much of this literature ignores conceptual advancements in the education and psychology literature (Fazey et al. 2007), and there remains little consensus or clarity over the conceptual basis of social learning (Wals and van der Leij 2007).
Recently, one of the first courses in Social Learning is being offered at Columbia University Teachers College as peer to peer learning and sharing are becoming accepted as imperative in the learning process.
Towards a clearer understanding of social learning.
Researchers have defined social learning in multiple, overlapping ways and confused social learning with the conditions and methods necessary to facilitate social learning or its potential outcomes. It is important to distinguish social learning as a concept from the conditions or methods that may facilitate social learning, e.g., stakeholder participation, and the potential outcomes of social learning processes, e.g., proenvironmental behavior. Building on this discussion, if learning is to be considered “social learning,” then it must:
i) Demonstrate that a change in understanding has taken place in the individuals involved. This may be at a surface level, e.g., via recall of new information, or deeper levels, e.g., demonstrated by change in attitudes, world views or epistemological beliefs;
ii) Go beyond the individual to become situated within wider social units or communities of practice within society; and
iii) Occur through social interactions and processes between actors within a social network, either through direct interaction, e.g., conversation, or through other media, e.g., mass media, telephone, or Web 2.0 applications.
As such, social learning may be defined as a change in understanding that goes beyond the individual to become situated within wider social units or communities of practice through social interactions between actors within social networks.
How long does social learning take?
The issue of how long social learning takes is important for the design of learning initiatives and policy interventions. The process of going beyond individual learning to a broader understanding situated in a community of practice can take some time to develop. A longitudinal study looking at an environmental group concerned about land degradation found that social learning was documented after approximately 1 year, but was initially restricted to an increased understanding of the problem without improved knowledge to address it. Further knowledge necessary to address the problem in focus emerged during the third year of the program. This suggests that learning initiatives could take around 3 years to develop sufficient new knowledge embedded in a community of practice to address complex problems.
New developments in social learning.
With the growing use of social media, social learning is also more and more interpreted as learning with social media. Social Learning through open platforms like Facebook or closed platforms like Corporate Social Learning Network is growing up rapidly. Social Media can be used by employees to contribute, store, discover, search, learn and relearn, action, and review knowledge and skills, making hidden information and knowledge explicit.
From an employee's or learner's point - this is also considered as "personal knowledge management" or "smart working" - e.g. using blogs to reflect their work, or using user generated content via platforms like Wikipedia or YouTube to learn on demand, e.g. when they have a question or problem. From an organizational point of view, social learning can be added as an element to formal learning like courses or curricula - to add discussions, sharing of experiences and lessons learned. Also social learning can be driven more stand-alone - e.g. to create Communities of Practice for similar groups like new employees (called onboarding), team or project team members or other similar groups. The goal for the organizations is to make learning more effective.
The new connotation of social learning is also pushed by software companies who want to sell social learning tools (like SAP AG or Microsoft). However practitioners agree that social learning is more than social media.

</doc>
<doc id="5937435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937435" title="Uriel (disambiguation)">
Uriel (disambiguation)

Uriel is an archangel from the Hebrew Bible. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="5937436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937436" title="Ultra Violet (Bananarama album)">
Ultra Violet (Bananarama album)

Ultra Violet and I Found Love are two titles given to the seventh studio album released by British girl group Bananarama in 1995. Originally released in Japan only, with the title "I Found Love", the album was renamed and repackaged as "Ultra Violet" in other countries, including the U.S., Australia, Canada, and continental Europe, where it was marketed either at the same time or in the following years. Neither "Ultra Violet" nor "I Found Love" was ever released in the UK, where the band had not had any hits since their 1993 cover of "More, More, More" (and would not again until 2005 with the single "Move in My Direction").
The album was released on various labels, including ZYX Records and DigIt International, depending upon the different countries because Bananarama had no major record deal after leaving London Records, which had produced all of their works before 1993. Musically, the 1995 album continued Bananarama's Europop sound, and it was a success commercially. Its biggest success came from the album's first single, "Every Shade of Blue", which sold well enough in Canada to chart in the Top 40. It also peaked at Number 94 in Australia. Two more singles were taken from the two editions: the title track, "I Found Love", and "Take Me to Your Heart", which was heavily remixed for the single version, which turned it from a rhythm guitar-based, almost acoustic tune into a Europop number, much like the other album tracks.
Track listing.
"Ultra Violet" CD and cassette version
"I Found Love" CD and cassette version
Unreleased songs and demos
Personnel.
Bananarama
Musicians
Additional Personnel

</doc>
<doc id="5937437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937437" title="Lugau">
Lugau

Lugau is a town in the district Erzgebirgskreis, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany and twinned with Smithfield in Ireland. It is situated 17 km east of Zwickau, and 17 km southwest of Chemnitz.

</doc>
<doc id="5937444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937444" title="Chicago Outdoor Film Festival">
Chicago Outdoor Film Festival

The Chicago Outdoor Film Festival has been showing classic films in Chicago's Grant Park for 10 years. For seven consecutive evenings in the summer people gather around a gigantic screen and enjoy classic American films. 2009 marked the 10th Anniversary of the film festival which begins on July 14th. The festival was not run in 2010 because of budgetary reasons.
The line up for the 2009 Chicago Outdoor Film Festival:
Films began at sunset in Grant Park at Butler Field and admission was free every night.

</doc>
<doc id="5937448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=5937448" title="Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway">
Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway

The Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway (B, WH & A, R) was most unusual amongst British railways in that although it was built as a standard gauge line, it was not joined to the rest of the railway network, despite the London and South Western Railway having a station at Bideford East-the-Water, just on the other side of the river Torridge from the main town. The line was wholly situated on the peninsula made up of Westward Ho!, Northam and Appledore with extensive sand dunes by the Torridge and Taw estuary.
The line opened in stages between 1901 and 1908, but closed in 1917, having been requisitioned by the War Office. Re-opening the line after World War I was considered, but dismissed as a viable option. The B.WH!&A.R. was the only railway company in the British Isles to have an exclamation mark in its company title.
Charles Kingsley wrote the novel "Westward Ho!" and this led to a tourist boom on the peninsula, followed by the construction of a new town called Westward Ho!. This is the only case of the publication of a novel leading to the construction of a town and then a railway to serve it. The museum at Bideford station on the Bideford and Instow Railway has a display covering the B,WH!&A,R.
History.
Construction and opening.
A scheme for building this railway was suggested as early as 1860 with a bridge across the Torridge and stations at Northam, Appledore, Clovelly, Hartland and Bude. In 1866 a start was actually made on a line to run to Appledore with a branch to Westward Ho!, however soon after a full 'first sod cutting ceremony' by the Earl of Iddesleigh, the contractors went bankrupt and the project was abandoned. A project to create a branch from Abbotsham Road Station to Clovelly had been put forward by Messrs. Molesworth and Taylor.
Finally the Bideford, Westward Ho! & Appledore Railway was incorporated on 21 May 1896, with its Head Office address at the Electrical Federation Offices in Kingsway, London WC2. Soon after the line passed to the British Electric Traction Company (BET). It was not until 24 April 1901 that the single track line was opened as far as Northam, although the first trial train ran with a few friends of the directors in January 1901. The first train, pulled by "Grenville" was played off by Herr Groop's German Band which had been hired for the season and it reached speeds of on its inaugural run. The remaining extension to Appledore finally opened in 1908, on 1 May, costing £10,000.
The railway was built in three sections, with the first being from Bideford at 1 furlong, 9 chains and 50 links (0.39 km), the second from the termination of the first, being to Westward Ho!, length , 3 furlongs, 9 chains and 50 links (7.23 km), and the third being from the termination of the second, to Appledore, length , 3 furlongs and 4.2 chains (3.91 km). The contract for construction was awarded to a Mr. Charles Shadwell of Blackburn and the estimate was for £50,000. The initial outlay was £87,208 and Mr. Shadwell was removed from his post on 13 December 1901. A subsequent court action proved that he did 'wilfully default' and judgment was given against him in 1905 for £7,500. Plans had been made for a gauge track, however as it was hoped to connect the line with the L&SWR by a bridge over the Torridge, the line was built to a Standard Gauge specification. Gradients were severe in places, with a 1 in 47 (112 ft/mi) on the Kenwith Castle to Abbotsham Road section.
The rails were delivered by boat to Bideford Quay by the S.S. Snipe in May 1898 and the sleepers also arrived at the quay, coming from West Hartlepool in September. Wood blocks were used on the quay, flush with the road surface to deaden the noise, as was the practice on roads with heavy horse and cart traffic in many places. The wood became very slippery and caused accidents in wet weather, the company not always being as careful with the application of sand and gravel as it should have been.
The Company filled in and culverted the stream coming down from Kenwith Castle, creating reclaimed land and preventing the high tides flowing up to the castle. The council had designs on this 'new land' and complained that the railway did not skirt the edge to release the land for other purposes.
Operation of the railway.
The coaches could each carry about 60 people, with two or three on each seat. The maximum speed was about forty mph (60 km/h), however the streets section had a speed limit. Trains could run at around on many sections of the track, however winter storms could slow the trains to little more than a walking pace. Trains were usually two carriages length, except during the winter timetable when one was more than sufficient; however four carriage trains which could therefore carry as many as two hundred people were sometimes run. A large collar factory at the Strand, Bideford, was responsible for a lot of traffic in the mornings and evenings. In its first six months the line carried 8,552 passengers and in May 1901 consideration was given to purchasing more carriages. The total for 1901 had been 110,647. In August 1908, some of the trains were so well patronised that some passengers had to ride on the steps. Visits from the Devon Hussars Yeomanry to Westward Ho! for several weeks' encampment at Commons Farm added significantly to takings.
The passenger timetable.
The Company made it very clear that published timetables were only to indicate the times before which a train would not depart and the specified times for each stop were only given as a rough guide. Trains normally made three regular and eight conditional stops, but 'expresses' did run which did not stop between Bideford and Westward Ho!. With two engines in steam the frequency could be every half-hour, but a train every hour or so was the norm in summer, normally taking about 20 minutes from Bideford to Northam or 15 minutes for the 'express'. Fifteen trains ran in each direction in the July 1906 Bideford to Northam timetable and lighter service of four ran on Sundays. The 1910 Bradshaw's Timetable shows trains taking thirty minutes for the journey from Bideford to Appledore, ten trains in each direction, with an extra run on the Market Days (Tuesdays and Saturdays) and no trains on Sundays. The winter timetable for 1 November 1917 to 30 April 1918, which was destined never to be used, was down to seven trains in each direction and no Sunday service. Horse-drawn buses ran from Westward Ho! to Clovelly and through tickets were issued from Instow to cover the journey by ferry, railway and road transport. The bus service cost £51 18s 0d (£51.90) to run for the six months ending 31 December 1906.
Passenger, parcel and baggage fares.
In 1905 the Bideford to Westward Ho! or Northam fare was 3d for 1st Class Single, 4d return and a 3rd Class Single was 2d, 3d return. Dogs cost 3d each and bicycles 6d or 1s if not accompanied. Parcels were 1d up to , 3d up to and 4d up to . A Third Class from Bideford to Appledore cost 8d. Market Day tickets for Tuesdays and Saturdays were only 6d and an augmented train service ran. Bathing Returns could be purchased and books of tickets for ten journeys cost 3s 4d. Company Regulations covered every conceivable type of carriage, such as 1s for a bitch or a litter of puppies in a hamper or 2s 6d for a harp in or out of a case. Return tickets admitted the holder to the Great Nassau Baths at Westward Ho! for only 4d. Tickets were made of paper, with a combination of the names of the boarding and alighting points printed in a double column on either side of the value.
Stations, halts and track layout.
Trains started from Bideford Quay on their scenic journey across the peninsula to the cliffs at Cornborough and Westward Ho!, then over the fields close to Northam Burrows, finally coming to the terminus at the port of Appledore, with its shipyards and maritime traditions.
The line was seven miles (11 km) in length when fully opened in 1908. There were eleven stations and halts which largely served visitors wishing to enjoy the bracing air along the coastline, or to swim in the clear waters.
After Bideford (Quay) was a halt at Bideford (Strand Road) Halt, which was close to the 'Yard' with the principal engine, carriage, and maintenance sheds. Chanter's Lane Halt or 'The Lane' Halt was next, followed by The Causeway Halt, which had a two storey traditional signal box built by order of the Board of Trade who had inspected the line a month after it opened. Following on from these were Kenwith Castle Halt, Abbotsham Road Station, Cornborough Cliffs Halt with its wooden platform, Westward Ho! Station, Beach Road Halt, Northam Station (Pimpley Road) with a platform and waiting room, Richmond Road Halt with a level crossing, platform and shelter, Lovers Lane Halt with a platform and finally Appledore Station, which lay close to the Anglican church.
The railway seems to have lacked stock-proof fencing in places, clearly indicated in a postcard of a scene near Chanter's Lane. Presumably the light railway order, low speeds and cow catchers on the locomotives made this unnecessary on some parts of the line. On the same postcard the railway is mistakenly called the 'Bideford, Chanter's Lane, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway'. Substantial wood fencing is present at other sites in surviving photographs.
Bideford Quay Station and Strand Road Halt.
Bideford Quay had a coal siding and eventually a loop, but no platforms and therefore carriages were fitted with steps that reached almost to ground level. It had benches on the quay side, the Manager's office, a Booking Office and a Waiting Room, with an exterior clock saying 'Train leaves for Westward Ho!, Northam and Appledore'. Bideford (Strand Road) had a signal hut'.
Abbotsham Road Station.
Abbotsham Road, previously named Mudcott, was in open countryside with Mudcott Road having a level crossing across it. It had a passing loop, two wooden platforms and what appears to have been a ticket office come signal box hut. It was well equipped for its remote setting and lack of obvious patronage.
Westward Ho! Station.
Westward Ho!, the busiest station, had its own Station Master, Mr. MacLaughlan; it had two platforms, platform lighting, a passing loop, ticket office, an 8-lever signal box and a 2-lever ground frame operated by Mr. Spry; a waiting room, refreshment room, bookstall, level crossing gates and a Concert Hall called the Station Hall. A siding ran to the Westward Ho! Gas Works. An early photograph shows Westward Ho! with only the signal box and a long unbroken fence running along the back of the platforms with no other buildings or lighting. The similarity in appearance and construction between the Westward Ho! and Appledore platform buildings suggests that they were both built at the same time, circa 1908.
In an effort to entice the public onto their trains and provide shelter during inclement weather, the company built a Concert or Reception Hall on the 'up' platform at Westward Ho! in 1901 / 02, it was called the Station Hall. Performers such as the 'Jolly Dutch' and Clog Dancers performed in Station Hall. It was an expensive undertaking, costing £17 9s 7d in 1906, under the heading of 'Services of Minstrels' in the traffic expenses log. The building was well built and still stood in 1980 as a 'Beer Garden'.
Appledore Station.
Appledore had its own Station Master, Mr. H R Moody; a run-round loop, one platform, platform lighting, a ticket office, signal box hut and a small engine shed, a water tower, footbridge and a fuel store siding.
Locomotives.
Three 2-4-2 side tank engines built by Hunslet Engine Co. Ltd. of Leeds provided the motive power and they were named 'Grenville' (works number 713), 'Kingsley' (works number 714) and Torridge (works number 715). Protective plates or skirts were attached for safety whilst running through the 'streets' section and a form of 'cow-catcher' was fixed to the front at a later date. One engine, "Torridge" was put on the track facing Bideford and the other two, "Kingsley" and "Grenville" faced Appledore. The line had no turntable.
The driving wheels were of diameter and the locomotives weighed in full working order, capable of pulling about 95 tons (97 t) on a minimum curve of missing here... diameter cylinders had a piston stroke of at a working pressure of 140 pounds per square inch (965 kPa). Five hundred imperial gallons (2,270 L) of water and 18 cwt (910 kg) of coal could be carried. The engine produced 6,978 pounds (31.04 kN) of tractive effort at 75% of maximum boiler pressure. The heating surface was and the engine and coaches had a single automatic vacuum brake. The total wheelbase was , and the coupled wheelbase .
The locomotives were originally black, then repainted green, then repainted cherry red and finally painted black due to wartime regulations. The dome and safety valve were polished brass. The green livery had the chimney black and lining in yellow or off white applied to the side tanks, cab sides, cab rear and wheel skirting.
Coal was stored at a 'linhay' (a lean-to shed with an open front) which stood opposite the Company's engine and carriage sheds. It was originally carried across from Bideford L&SWR Station on horse carts and tipped into railway wagons.
The locomotive shed was capable of holding four locomotives and held an inspection pit. Steam and smoke was carried away from the inside of the shed by a system of wooden troughs hanging suspended from the roof over the centre of the tracks and leading, sloping upwards, to wooden chimneys. The fumes would otherwise erode the iron roof supports.
Rolling stock.
Carriages.
The bogie carriages were distinctive and 'American' in style. The six were built by the 'Bristol Carriage and Wagon Works', two as Third Class (one also being a thirdbrake) and four as composites for 40 Third and 10 First Class passengers. The carriages were exceptionally wide compared with those used by major railway companies and this led to increased congestion for non-railway traffic when trains were at Bideford Quay. Entry was from either end by a metal fenced platform with steep steps. Later the open ends of these carriages were totally enclosed against the elements. Lighting was by acetylene gas, with ventilators above. Each carriage had its own clock. The seats could be turned around and the carriages had a central gangway. Third Class seats were upholstered with 'rep' and First Class with 'American' leather. They had a polished teak exterior with the name of the company in full beneath the windows, and the arms of Bideford as a medallion on the side. Buffer beams and shanks were bright red. Interiors were of polished oak, with teak mouldings and the ceilings of the First Class sections were covered in pale green Lincrusta, picked out with gold leaf. In August 1900 the carriages had been delivered, crossing Bideford Bridge with wheels and springs being taken over first and the bodies after.
When bathing huts were being built in Westward Ho!, one of the old railway coaches which had been left there, was purchased by a farmer called Mr. Beer, who used it as a grain store on his farm at Home Farm, Monkleigh and it was still being used by his sons in 1969. This carriage had at some point been cut in half and the whereabouts of the other half is unknown.
Other stock.
All stock had a single buffer. The railway also had six open plank wagons with centrally placed drop-down doors on either side, four covered wagons and a brake van for passenger and goods use, which had sliding doors with the company initials on them. The goods wagons had 'BWH' on one side and 'AR' on the other, second plank from the top.
Signalling.
The railway came under a Light Railway Order once the Appledore section was opened and this simplified the requirements for the signaling, especially as five of the crossings were controlled by 'Gatemen' and did not have crossing gates. The signaling was installed by the company Saxby and Farmer. There were no ordinary 'starters' or 'distants', but what might be termed 'homes' of ordinary semaphore type, used at a number of places on the line. Commencing from the Bideford end, signals in both directions marked the point at which the line passed from open 'street' sections onto the British Electric Traction Company property. A further signal with a side arm controlled entry to the 'yard' and the road crossing beyond. Causeway and its Level Crossing were guarded by signals on both approaches. From The Causeway, guarded by Mr. Blackmore, the line ran onwards to the station and passing loop at Abbotsham Road, which had a miniature semaphore watching over the roadway and the level crossing north of the station, with a full-size semaphore controlling the passing loop and train entry. Appledore had a small arm on the semaphore signal covering the siding points. For a time a man with a red flag rode on the front of the locomotive whilst it passed through the streets of Bideford. Signal boxes were located at The Causeway Crossing, operated by Mr. Furzy and Westward Ho! operated by Mr. Spry, with signal box 'huts' at The Strand, Abbotsham Road and Appledore.
Railway employees.
The company had around twenty-one staff, seven of whom served as gatemen at the level crossings (Clamp).
In Irsha Street, Appledore, there was in 1965 a public house called 'The Rising Sun' and beforehand it had been the residence of Mr. H R Moody, the station master at Appledore. Mr. Dicker, who lived in Bideford in 1968, was one of the company workmen, based at the locomotive sheds at Bideford. Mr. Henry Sowden was the railway company manager in 1917; he had been the Superintendent from 1910 – 1914.
The train drivers were Mr. F. Palmer, Mr. Shephard and Mr. Hawkins. The latter two were retired Southern Railway Express engine drivers. One of the firemen was a Mr. Harris, who was also an engineer. Other firemen were Alfie Curtis and Mr. F. Bucker. Mr. Spry worked the Westward Ho! signal box. Mr. Blackmore was in charge of Chanter's Lane Halt and the signal box at The Causeway was worked by Mr. Furzy. Mr. MacLaughlan was the station master at Westward Ho!, the busiest station on the line. Track Men were Jack Shears, who lived in Northam and Ned Kelly. Salaries and wages were high because of the need for Gatekeepers, etc., coming to £256 4s 0d for a six months period in 1906.
Decline, closure and disposal.
The line was never on a firm financial footing and the situation worsened with the rising cost of coal and the effects of the First World War; additionally competition from Dymond's Horse Drawn Coach and later Motor Buses took much of the traffic off the line even in summer. Few passengers from Bideford Station at East-The-Water would trouble to change again for the B,WH&A,R at the Quay when alternative transport would take them straight to their destination for less money. Trains did not run at times suitable for manual workers and freight, apart from Westward Ho! Gasworks, had always been a minor consideration. The line could not even manage the ½% dividend of the Lynton & Barnstaple Railway and eventual closure was inevitable. In 1917, the Minister of Munitions requisitioned the line by Government Order for War Service and it duly closed on the 28 March of that year. "Grenville" and "Torridge" were loaded onto the captured German freighter "Gotterdammerung" for duty in France, but the ship was torpedoed off the north Cornwall Coast and sank. The wreck was discovered in 2001 and the locomotives may be recovered for restoration as static displays. "Kingsley" was scrapped in 1937 after having been sold by the Ministry of Munitions to the National Smelting Company. 
The locomotives, derailing several times, had to be run across the medieval Bideford Bridge on temporarily laid track, then running along Barnstaple Street joining up with the old L.& S.W.R.line at Bideford's Goods Yard. The operation took two days to complete. Their iron side protectors or 'skirts' were removed to reduce the weight of the locomotives.
On 29 April 1921 Blackmore's held an auction at the Works Yard in Bideford and sold the six carriages and also possibly the trackbed in separate lots. One carriage was cut in half and used on the beach at Westward Ho! near Nassau Baths as Beach Huts, whilst the others were taken to the Midlands for scrap. Some of the line's equipment was purchased for further use by Colonel H. F. Stephens, through his company Associated Railways. The fate of the signal boxes is unclear (see Bits and Pieces), however the Westward Ho! box was still being used as sweet shop on its original site as late as 1970.
A set of crossing gates, believed to have originated from the B,WH&AR, were in use at in the latter years of the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway (1898–1935). As the L&B was narrow gauge, and the trackbed very narrow at this point, the gates overlapped when open to road traffic. These gates are now owned by the L&B and in storage awaiting restoration.
Westward Ho! did not completely vanish from the railway scene as an ex-Southern Railway 'West Country' class locomotive, number 34036, was named 'Westward Ho!.
Walking the old trackbed in 1970.
The gatekeeper's Cottage at The Causeway was well maintained, but there was no sign of the existence of the signal box, although a piece of rail was in place as a gate stop and some railway sleepers were being used a gate posts which could possibly have come from the railway. A level crossing gate concrete post survived at Chanter's Lane. A bridge with brick sides and iron girders existed near Kenwith Castle, together with signs of a low embankment and a cutting running through solid rock.
Along Cornborough Cliffs the embankments and trackbed were very clear, as was the course of the line running down to Westward Ho! A bridge to create an underpass or right of way substantially survived as abutments, without the iron bridge itself however. The station at Westward Ho! remained 'almost' unaltered, apart from the missing track. The signal box was a sweet shop or 'Snack Bar'. Almost all the railway buildings have now gone (2006), apart from the 'Station Hall'.
Very little was visible between Westward Ho! and Appledore, however near the Anglican Church the back wall of the old station waiting rooms still stood with two chimney-breasts and fireplaces.
Bideford Quay loop.
The railway needed a loop to run its locomotives around the train on the quay. Without a loop the company had to go to the extra expense of having two locomotives in steam at one time, even with the winter load of a single coach. Bideford Town Council refused the construction and after much argument the railway company went ahead and built the loop in defiance of the council. A court injunction forced the railway company to remove it again. The railway appealed to the Board of Trade and by May 1903 permission had been secured to re-lay the loop. Later on a fine of 40 shillings was imposed on the company for allowing its trains to remain too long on the quay. In July 1901 a complaint was made that two loaded trucks had been left at the wharf and a week later the prosecution came to the Bideford Petty Sessions Court, together with matters relating to safety on the quay, no whistle or bell and no adequate driver's seat for the engine driver to see out, leading to a 10s fine.
The Town Council were always a 'thorn' in the side of the Company and the origins of the problem was the interruption to traffic which the trains on the quay caused, together with the effect that the rails and the wooden blocks had upon horse-drawn traffic and the decision to build the railway as a standard-gauge line. The carriages were unusually wide, increasing the problems of interference with road traffic.
The fate of two signal boxes.
Upon closure one box was purchased by a local farmer, Mr. Atkins. He tried to convert it into an extension to his house, however he failed and sold the box to a person in Westward Ho! who used it as a summer house. It still existed in 1968. It now appears that this signal box was dismantled in 2001 by a railway enthusiast who has a garden railway near Newbury. He intends to re-assemble and use the box there.
Another box is recorded by the 'Westward Ho! History Group' as still existing at No.7, Springfield Terrace in Westward Ho! now being used as a workshop. This box may have been owned by a W. Jordan in the late 1930s and his employer, who owned the house, was a Mr. Fred Bishop, antique dealer. It may not have come from the B.WH.& A.R., although one authority does suggest that its origin was Appledore. The most likely origin is Maddaford Moor on the old North Cornwall L.S.W.R line.
Accidents and incidents.
An incident in 1904.
A Bideford Town Councillor, Mr. William Bird, took a strong objection to having to stand on a train in August 1904 and swore at the passengers, despite women being present, calling them "a ---- set of national paupers and half pay officers." He went on to say that he could buy the ---- lot of them. He was fined 30s with 13s costs.
An accident.
One day driver Shephard drove a train up to Westward Ho! and on arriving back at Bideford Quay it was found that the front of his locomotive, Kingsley, was splattered with blood. This caused a great deal of concern and no clue existed as to the origin of the blood, other than some blood stained fur. On the next journey to Westward Ho! the mangled remains of a donkey was found near Abbotsham Road station. The donkey belonged to Mrs. Videls of Abbotsham, who was paid the full price of replacing the donkey.
The miraculous escape.
In August 1910 a motor cyclist driving down the Pill decided to cut through a gateway onto the railway line, he did so, narrowly avoiding a pair of lady pedestrians, only to be confronted by the 4.35pm from Bideford to Appledore. The driver managed to stop the train in less than its own length and the motorcyclist hit the cowcatcher, suffering only minor injuries.

</doc>
